user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197972729524,Recommended,214490,12665274,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Perus_TC,"In my 60 years of life and 347 viewings of the Alien movies collectively,owning every Aliens game released for PC,(the ones not in my Steam library are on disk)I have in my over 30 years of gaming rarely had as much fun playing a Stealth\Action game....period!Very well done,true to the films in almost every way.Genuinely thrilled that the devs worked that hard on the backstory and the characters.Subtle reminders from the films are all over the game if a little difficult to come upon.I absolutely and overwhelmingly recommend this to ANY Stealth\Horror\Action fan or Aliens nut.I am also Autistic which means (for me) I remember a LOT of details from the movies.The dialog,look of the Nostromo,gags,weapons,etc.If you need a Braingasm here's your fix.Edit Dec 2015,After waiting a year and a new sound card I wanted to update.My second playthrough didn't take as long but the experience is still beyond compare for this genre of game.The sound design is absolutely the BEST I have ever experienced in a game.It COULD be that I am just a rabid fan of the series but......nah.Playing on the higher difficulties will challenge all but the most coordinated of us....of which I 'aint   ;)      This is the standard by which ALL other Stealth\Horror games should be judged(IMHO)   As far as I am concerned THIS game will never get old or boring.Ok Dev's ....when do we get to see Amanda rescued and see her REVENGE?!    :)"
,Recommended,214490,18241627,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Atmospheric & tense // Recommended for the patient & the fearless+ Spectacular visuals & lighting; there is also a meticulous, franchise-loyal attention to detail+ Environments are designed so well that it is absolutely jaw-dropping; level design, too, is excellent in every way+ Voice-acting is superb, with virtually every actor delivering their lines with a professionalism that complements the game nicely; lip-syncing is less than admirable in comparison, but isn't so bad as to detract from the overall experience+ Audio-design is literally perfect; soundtrack is appropriate and used well, & the ambient noises make for a deep and satisfying sensation of immersion+ Everything stays true & loyal to the aesthetics & overall atmosphere of the first film+ Engine is very well optimized, even on maximum settings; my PC seemed to barely notice it was running a game, & GPU temps were barely above idle figures+ Atmosphere is rich, & postively pregnant with tension+ Personnel logs, audio logs, and collectibles are enjoyable to collect, & do well to further tell the nuances of the game's story+ Alien AI behavior is wildly unpredictable, therefore adding to the title's challenge & replayability+ Crafting allows for a multitude of useful gadgets, traps & distractions+ Game includes a challenging survival mode, puffing up the replayablity & competitiveness a bit- Crafting UI feels awkward & unpolished, particularly when selecting components to commit- Tons of tedious backtracking in the second-half of the gameLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198042318117,Recommended,214490,34558245,Posted: 28 August,all,Zammy,"I tried to run but the Alien was faster and it killed me.I tried to sneak but the Alien spotted me and it killed me.I tried to hide but the Alien eventually found me and it killed me.I shot the Alien but it shrug off the bullets (and it killed me).I scared the Alien away with fire. But it came back after few seconds and it killed me.I tuned down the difficulty level and the Alien now kills me a bit less frequently.I constantly stare at the motion detector. I'm too afraid to move and too afraid to stay in one place.There are not enough save stations, there is not enough safety. There is just Alien. Somewhere. Waiting. Hunting. Oh, there it is...And it killed me (again).This game shows what Alien franchise should be all about."
76561198008055157,Recommended,214490,15196259,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SERGEANT,"Just finished the game, and I dont feel like I just beat a video game. I feel like I just returned home after running and hiding from a motherf*****g alien on a ship in deep space.This is not  a video game, its an experience."
76561197977339652,Recommended,214490,12677589,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,themblan,"How To Play This Game1. Know what to expect. The trailers for this game suggested to me that you would be stuck on a ship with the alien and have to play smart and stealthily and it'd be around 8 hours long. I do not like to spoil myself by reading reviews and previews so I didn't know that most of this game is spent on an enormous space-station and I took 25 hours to beat this game. It's not built like an indie survival-horror title like I thought it would be, but instead like a triple-A title, for better and for worse. I would have liked a more well-paced game with a satisfying intro, climax, and conclusion, and not the drawn-out marathon we got instead, but that said, this game can be enjoyed as long as you know that and adjust accordingly.2. Soak in the game's atmosphere. Read everything, look at everything, and loot everything you can. The sound and music work is astounding and adds to the tension and fear rather than takes away from it like in Resident Evil 4. In RE4, whenever an enemy or enemies spawned somewhere in the vicinity, the same music would play until it or they all died. Thus, when there was no music playing, you knew you were safe. However, in A:I, the same effect kind of happens, but the Alien can pop up at any time with no warning, and only then the music will slowly ramp up and get louder the closer it gets to you. The same philosophy from RE4 is kind of there but it is far more subtle and dynamic. Great job Creative Assembly.3. Take your time. One of the reasons why IGN and Gamespot found this game frustrating is because reviewers only have a limited time-window in which they can complete and review a game.Your goal while playing this game should not be to 'beat it' but to enjoy it. If the game is frustrating you, stop playing it, and come back to it later. You will try new ways to get past an area, and be more level-headed. 'Professional' reviewers don't necessarily have this luxury because they're on a time-crunch; give them some slack.If you make 'beating' the game your goal, you will not enjoy it because it's very long for the type of game it is, and the game keeps pulling the carrot-on-a-stick further back each time you think you can bite it.4. Temper your expectations. Although this game looks very realistic and as believable as future space can be, it's still a videogame. The AI is still handled in a traditional way with set paths, with the twist of randomization thrown in. The Alien won't exactly behave like the Alien in the movie(s). It may throw you off and break you out of your immersive bubble when you see the Alien patrolling on its hind legs like a human, and run around desks when it should be jumping on top of the desk and coming straight for you. Just realize that is hard to program and give the developers some slack.5. Don't be too conservative when crafting. The game is fairly generous with crafting materials. Save before you go to a difficult area, try a different strategy, and if it doesn't work, reload your save and try something else. Be patient, and have fun coming up with new strategies.As a summation, enjoy the game, soak it all in, take your time, and embrace the challenge. This game was designed to be challenging, even on Easy. Instead of getting frustrated, open your mind, think differently, and use the tools the developers have given you to achieve your goal.Thank you for reading, and have a great day."
76561197970578645,Recommended,214490,12394618,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Sir Patricius of Orleans,"I'm of the original Star Wars generation and rember when this movie came out way back in 1979 (yes I'm an old fart).  As a long time gamer, I can tell you that no other game has pulled the atmosphere of the original quite like this one.I've been playing on the hard setting and yes, doing so means a lot of deaths but for me, it's  almost a right of passage.  A homage to the movie responsible for my childhood nightmares.  You play as a vulnerable character, which I find refreshing and one with whom we can relate.  I mean sure, I'd love to imagine myself as an ***-kicking hero if faced with such a situation but truth be told, most of us would simply cower under a desk such as Amada Ripley and I have been doing the past 5 mins.The game is reminiscent of titles such as Outlast and Amnesia but you are not completely defenceless and that's a welcome change.  Add to that a dash of classics such as System Shock 2, Bio Shock... and you'll get the idea.  I've read somewhere that this isn't a survival horror game but more of a survival simulator.  I can attest to how that statement rings true -the save system can be brutal and the game itself is not for the faint of heart.  As such, every inch of the station that you explore feels like a victory onto itself, not to mention finding the next save station.  This is survival horror/stealth at its finest.And while we're on the topic, kodos to Creative Assembly for making the alien's a.i. so unrelenting.  This is how H.R. Giger's creation should be embodied.  You really get the feeling of being hunted by the ""perfect organism"".PC otimization are top notch here, FOV slider and allAs for the DLCs; I have the Ripley edition (all dlc so far) and it's more fanservice than anything else.  Not a bad thing for guys such as myself who loved th first movie but better left for us diehard fans.  The meat is in the base game.So ""In space, no one can hear you scream"" huh?  Not quite so for my poor family back home here on earth.Worth your attention and your hard earned $$$"
,Recommended,214490,12427942,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,pewpewpew,When IGN tell you to not buy a game then buy it anyways...
,Recommended,214490,24507675,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vohen,"A MASTERPIECETurn your lights offSpeakers/Headphones on max volumeMake sure to run the game on high,ultra settingsHard or Nightmare difficulty for the first run!15 minutes into the game,you'll be sweating allready.Don't be afraid to take breaks every 30 minutes of gameplay....its advisable for your heart.Crank your AC, or if it is cold outside, open a window if you start over heatingYou'll encounter an unknown creature,Hostile, lethal, hyper inteligent,a predator,a perfect organism, just as the one described in the first Alien movie. A creature wich you have to respect and understand, wich implies you simply do not run through corridors and you can not rely on the same tricks over and over again, but instead you'll have to try to outsmart the creature. Behave like you are the most advanced living being, armed with reason and a brain as a weapon.You'll be fooling yourself if you expect scripted behavior from the Alien.The Alien will learn,evolve and adapt to you and if you can't keep up with the pace it will hunt you down, cornered you and wait.....and wait...it will know you have no way of escape......and then you'll feel what's like to be the rabbit inside the rabbit hole with the snake outside and coming thru.At the highest difficulties....every single detail matters....every little sound....every small decision.....you have no room for error against a perfect killing machine.Once you step in....YOU ARE NO LONGER ON THE TOP OF THE FOOD CHAIN.Ripley: How do we kill it, Ash? There's gotta be a way of killing it. How? How do we do it?Ash: You can't.Ash: You still don't understand what you're dealing with, do you? Perfect organism. Its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility.I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies.This is Vohen RipleyOne of the steam survivors from the Sevastopol IncidentSigning off."
,Recommended,214490,28435717,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,perato,"AtmosphericI have quite an extensive selection of categories in my steam library, and one of them is 'Atmospheric'. After completing Alien Isolation, it made me think about all the games in the category and compare them to this. Do they have the right to be in this category. This is such a solid product, but I cannot recommend it to everyone. Before playing watching the first Alien movie is a must. Watching all the other Alien movies is unimportant, as this game mostly uses the world and the xenomorph from the first movie.First of all. The game has five different difficulty levels, novice, easy, medium, hard(recommended by developers) and nightmare. Novice and Nightmare were published later in a patch if I understood correctly. I first played with Hard to mission 5, then medium to mission 5 and then completed it with Easy. The reason I am mentioning this is the fact that the game is a totally different experience if played on different difficulties. With harder difficulties, the Alien is an all-present terror, that you need to trick and bypass almost constantly. In easier difficulties the Alien is more of an unseen terror that pops out every now and then, especially when someone has to do something noisy or important. Added to the Easy difficulty, I also was doing achievement that required no humans killed by me, that meant also no stunning. So these two heavily effected my experience of the game and therefore my review. Some of the things mentioned above are only valid if played with the same difficulty.Basically the game is first person stealth-game with survival being the aim of the game. Your aim is to survive in a hostile space-station filled with scared people, immortal xenomorph and androids with anger management issue. The game consists mostly avoiding enemies, by hiding in certain objects or behind cover. To accomplish your goals, you can use some items or weapons. Most of the game consist of crouching behind objects or walking from hiding place to hiding place since the main antagonist, the omnipresent xenomorph, is immortal, cannot be killed or harmed. It is afraid of fire though so after receiving flamethrower and molotovs, one has some chances to repel it for few seconds, enough to escape and hide.The environment of the game is brilliantly done. The station is claustrophobic, horrible and beautiful all at the same time. The graphics are still looking good, level design is great and the sound effects build constant terror while the music is great homage to the first movie. Almost from the start I got shivers because the music brought the first movie into my mind. Occasionally the music can be a bit of pain in the♥♥♥♥♥by playing too loud while one tries to hear the xeno's movement. Although the game is mostly quite linear, one can backtrack quite a lot if they want, although there isn't much to gain from it. Also the game cleverly builds the maps so, that after visiting a new place you almost always end up in a previously visited place from a new direction. It kind of reminded me of Dark Souls but in a more claustrophobic way. So eventually you will visit some places many times, but almost never it feels like a chore. During the last missions I hated the station, not because it was boring but because it was so terrifying. I honestly could relate to the character. I didn't want to go on to another deadly place because I was alive in this current one. Yet I had to go on to actually get out of the station and complete the game.The main gripes this game has received is it's antagonist, the xenomorph. Unlike most survival horror games, the developers took a different approach. Instead of totally scripted moments, the alien is almost always there. If you make too much sound, it will jump down from the vents and start looking for you. While you can hide, it is said that the alien in the game can learn from your manouvers and essentially the more you succeed avoiding it, the less likely you will succeed in later game. This was something that was mostly missing from Easy difficulty. Although I could kind of prove it by luring the alien many times a row and repel it with flame thrower. Each time I had to use more of the precious fuel to repel it and eventually it killed me just by ramming me. Although it's not explained how the alien knows to start looking from closets if it never found you there, it gives the game a constant tension. Instead of learning all the tricks he can do, he learns all the tricks I can do and the game keeps staying intensive, although I'm given new ways to deal with it. The more time you spend going about, repelling and luring it, the more harder the end game becomes.But the gripe isn't about the learning, it's about the prevalence of his appearance. On harder difficulties the alien roams the hallways and rarely goes to the vents. On easy he stays more in the vents and roams less. That means, the harder the difficulty, the more the player has to play aggressive to avoid it and yet progress in the story. The problem is the game is quite unforgiving, some save stations are far and between and there are only few ways to avoid the xeno in the first few missions. So the game isn't easy and it punishes the player for any mistakes. **  So if you have found this game too irritating or hard, I suggest trying the lower difficulties that change the game quite a lot. It's not about damage and amount of items, but the whole game mechanic that comes different.There are some flaws that I can point out. The biggest of all, the xenomorph is a bit blind. This isn't obviously clear from the start, but it can mostly see only infront of it. This means that one can almost sneak right next to it without it seeing you. Also it cannot see the player if she's behind a small object or a table. At some points, where the alien is scripted to linger in the area(in easier difficulties too), the common tactic is to find a box or a small table and just go around it while the alien walks the other side. The blindness of the xeno is sometimes almost baffling, he can walk just right by you and then the next minute he finds you from the vents or from a closet. So the core mechanic of the game encourages to do gamey things. It's less intelligent to hide in a perfectly dark closet instead of hiding under a small table or behind a small chair. In my opinion this kind of breaks the immersion instead of creating it, although the music seems to love me being so close to the alien on the open.The minigames are a bit of a chore as they are mostly only related to going through door or opening some computer or hatch. There's rarely any rush and they are quite easy. The power junction mechanic seems a bit underused and underpowered to justify it's presence in the game. I encountered a couple glitches that gave some comical relief but mostly the game was rock solid with no major bugs or problems.So for me this was one of the best games I played this year. It was the most atmospheric game propably of all time. I'm terrified enough not to play it again anytime soon and have to recommend it to anyone with a love for Alien, survival horror as a genre and computer games in general. Although if you hate any of the three mentioned above and have little patience to somewhat challenging game mechanic, you propably will have a better life with out experiencing this one.When out of space, no one can hear rest of your review."
,Recommended,214490,18941662,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,(O)RE,"In space no one can hear you scream. But on Earth, your neighbors probably will :]The game is deep, dark and claustrophobic. It provides a great scary atmosphere.My PC, an old machine since 2008, and the game auto-configured it for high analysis and quality. No fps loss and generally very good performance from the game. Graphics, sound, gameplay, all so good. Very nice job.The AI is also good and it varies for each difficulty mode. I liked the random moves of the Alien.As a small negative thing, I would say that that I got tired of losing again and again. Yes, if it was too easy, it could become boring, but still, there are many moments that it tests your patience. Luckily, the various saving checkpoints are frequent, so you don't have to replay long times between each one.Another boring feature is the item crafting. Personally, I would prefer to find them ready to use or at least to be a quicker way to make each one of them."
,Recommended,214490,12633890,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,<§> Sub,The spookiest game of hide n seek I ever played.
76561198057277460,Recommended,214490,31780092,Posted: 15 May,all,dassao,"I watched the first Alien movie when I was six years old. That night I cried and told my dad I was afraid there was an alien egg in the closet. When he went to the closet door to check, I remember suddenly realizing that if there WAS an egg there, it would kill him!Before I could cry out for him NOT to open the door, he did, and showed me it was safe. Then he sat with me until I calmed enough to sleep. I learned a few things that night. First, there's no such things as Xenomorphs. Second, selfishness has consequences. Third, my father loves me.He probably shouldn't have let me watch that movie, but today, decades later, I don't remember the fear. I remember my father's kindness and patience. We've seen every Alien movie together, and will be going to see Alien: Covenant when it comes out.Alien means alot to me. This game is the single greatest video game made based on Alien. I strongly recommend it.Update:We saw Covenant and loved it! Thank you everyone for your kind words!"
,Recommended,214490,32269827,Posted: 8 June,all,SpaceCouncil,"For the sake of brevity..Genre tags:FPS, Action, Stealth, Horror, Retro-FuturisticValue Proposition:Excellent if you're really into the Alien universe – Pretty good if you're into horror/thriller games. If you're not into either of those.. This won't hold barely any value for you.BSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): SOMA, Dead SpaceConcomitant Exposition and SummationYou'll need to restore power to this facility before continuing. You're becoming hysterical.Alien: Isolationis a thriller based in the Alien universe. And just so you can judge me up front: I've never seen the movies. So I've no idea how faithful it is to the films nor it's canonicity.In Alien Isolation you play as Amanda Ripley, the daughter of the main character of the movies. And early on she is tasked with retrieving a ship after recovering the flight recorder. Upon arrival, quite expectedly, things are not as well as hoped.The gameplay is primarily stealth focused, keeping quiet, staying low and out of sight. However, there are blueprints and tons of crafting material to find throughout the ship as well as weapons. Too many weapons in my opinion. You have a number of distractions at your disposal and numerous ways of dispatching or completely avoiding conflict, whether it be from the alien itself, Seegsen working joe synthetics or regular ol' humans. However I'm of two mindsets of this in horror games specifically: Stealth is obviously needed to not only aid in survival but build tension against an unbeatable enemy. But having too many weapons or gadgets can make you lenient on them, perhaps even over confidant removing most if not all tension. Additionally, the stealth mechanic of hiding in a locker or whatever else is also a bit played out.. It perpetuates this sit and wait mentality. Which can be quite filled with tension but overdone.. can be be an exhaustive practice.  – and in this case specifically I felt as though the game drags itself on for far too long.The alien is a one shot kill which I imagine for most people is fear inducing. However, there are frequent save points and the fact I had no real recourse to fend off the alien aside from my Flamethrower/molotovs earned later on made the sequences when the alien was present more frustrating than tense: Certainly not scary. Early on, the only times I ever felt tense enough to jump were when a pipe burst and a light fell off the ceiling. This isn't to say the game as a whole is devoid of tension rather simply once you learn how the alien behaves its just not that big of a deal. Additionally, it makes a very distinct sound when it crawls back into the ducts. Giving you clearance to move around visibly but still needing to heed audio cues lest you bring back the one shot monster.I think the tension of it being in space and on a malfunctioning ship, ""atmospheric tension"" if you will, wasn't used enough. There are a few moments that do use this to its advantage and quite frankly those are probably my favorite moments, leaving me with feeling in regards to the other moments something of a “to be expected, lets keep moving” sort of feeling towards them.The art design is very well done. The whole 80's retro future aesthetic is in full effect. Tons of space sci-fi jargon is all over the place. Of course space travel will be done with MS-DOS. As if you'd trust anything else anyways.THE GISTIt's a very slowly paced game and stealthing around can make it a slog to get through at times. But there moments in the game that are very very cool. Reductively, I'd say this is a n interesting sci-fi world that's brought down by being a predictable slasher/monster movie adaptation. And too many objectives needing the power to be restored which is what the little jab is up front. I do recommend the game overall especially for Alien fans but if you aren't into horror, or even into walking sims really you aren't going to like this.Follow my curation page for more."
,Recommended,214490,12395231,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Curly Spencil,"It followed me, never showing itself but always lurking.I could hear it.I could see it on my scanner.I was traveling down a corridor with no where to hide.Clangs and bangs ceased.Paranoia set in.Suddenly, a bang and down came the Alien from the ceiling from around a corner, close enough for me to only see it's tail.I froze up.No where to run. No where to hide.It charged around the corner full speed toward me.I crouch and look toward the wall.""Surely, this will work. It can't see me in this lit hallway, crouched, staring at the where the wall meets the floor"", I thought.I heard it run by me.A few moments later, silence.I slowly go to turn when the creature's tail bursts through my chest."
76561198036061551,Recommended,214490,32498252,Posted: 17 June,all,brohaw211,"HEADS UP! POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD. THIS GAME HAS BEEN OUT SINCE 2014. ITS TIME TO PLAY IT IF YOU HAVEN'T. I'M TALKING TO YOU, R/PATIENTGAMERS.TL:DRPros:+ This Game is scary.+ You will get scared.+ Don't ♥♥♥♥ing lie and say it didn't scare you. Stop playing on easy and crank it up to nightmare, you goofball. Live a little.+ The game design is most definitely a fan service for OG fans of the original Alien movie.+ They give you weapons, but they will not help you.+ Several game modes outside of story mode give this game some extra replay value.+ Literally the best Alien game ever made. Don't argue, you know it's true.Cons:-Pacing of scary/not scary parts could have been balanced better.-The first couple encounters with human bad guys gets frustrating quickly.-Mini games/ puzzles could have been just a little more challenging.Still reading? Cool.I'm sure you've heard of this game by now. It's been out since 2014. I know that you've heard that it's scary. But how scary is it really?Well I would like to reassure you that 1. Yes. It is scary. Game over man. 2. Alien: Isolation, at it's core, does what it set out to do. It does scary very well. If you don't get scared playing this, then you are a big tough guy/girl, and maybe scary games aren't for you. If you have played scary games in the past and enjoyed yourself, I highly recommend you give this game a chance. If you are a cheapskate like me, wait until it goes on sale.On that note, IT IS ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT.Let me just say, I'm somewhat of a fan of the first person Horror genre... I've been playing first person Horror games since Amnesia: TDD. I've played through the entire Penumbra series several times. I've played through Outlast, and Outlast 2 is currently in my backlog. I even tried out that new Resident Evil game... But I must say...Nothing, and I do mean nothing, has ever captured and horrified me like Alien: Isolation. This game has given me some of the most organic, tense, pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly scary moments I've ever experienced with a scary game. The alien is a devious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will actively hunt you down. You will hear it's big♥♥♥♥♥monster footsteps approaching you and you will scramble to find a hiding place. Oh ♥♥♥♥! Did he see me? I'll just hide in the vent until he passes by.Never hide in the ♥♥♥♥ing vent, you fool.It will constantly keep you guessing. Nowhere is safe. Not forever, anyway. The alien is unscripted (to an extent of course) and the game will not hold your hand. It is up to you to get out of it's way and hide. It is up to you to stop and listen from time to time to make sure he's not creeping up behind you. Split second decisions will be the difference between life and an alien mouthpiece evicerating your eyesockets. One minute you're walking down a hallway, the next minute you're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself under a table. That is the Ebb and Flow of AI. All you will have to help you is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ motion tracker, and guess what? That son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ can hear it if it gets too close. Got a bunch of badguys between you and your objective? Better think twice about using guns. The alien can hear your guns, and your bullets might as well be marshmallows, because that cold blooded ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥. Think it's a good idea to sprint down that hallway? Buckle up, buckaroo, because it will hear your clompy♥♥♥♥♥footsteps from a mile away.I'll come right out and say this game has pacing issues. There are parts of this game that will feel like a marathon to get through. The one thing that would have made this game better is if there were more safe places to stop and relieve the tension. However, my biggest argument in favor of this design choice is this: You are on an abandoned space station. Between killer people, killer robots, and insatiable blood thirsty aliens, how many safe places do you expect there to be?If you have not yet given this game a chance, and you are a fan of the original Alien films, the horror genre, or both, do not wait around. Give Alien: Isolation a try. You owe it to yourself.Now if you'll excuse me, please. I think I hear something moving in my air vents..."
,Recommended,214490,31389254,Posted: 27 April,all,Voorpret,"As someone who loves the Alien franchise, I'm insanely happy with what Alien: Isolation brought to the table and I think everyone should enjoy it.Pros:+atmosphere is amazing+it can be truly terrifying+gameplay is fantastic+crafting is fun+story and lore are very rich+graphics are solid+audio is far too good+animations and voice acting are top notch+alien nostalgia is great but not used as a crutchCons:-ending is okay but not as coherent as I'd like-in order to get some of the collectables you have to do some serious backtracking at the endI picked this game up when it was on sale, I knew it was good but didn't think it was this good so I put off playing it (which I regret deeply).I was skeptical about Amanda Ripley (our main character) going in but the writing for her is great and she's very likeable. The story and gameplay are superb. Although I will say the game becomes a little less fun once you're geared up. The last 1/4 of the game was actually the least fun for me (it's still fantastic though). But there's something to be said for having no way to combat the alien and all you can do is avoid it. I think that's where the most intense moments come from. Also I love exploring every corner of a game and at times it was pretty hard to do with the alien stalking me but that made it even more challenging/fun.The story is really solid. I think this whole game is even more enjoyable if you've seen at least the first Alien movie. And if you haven't seen it by now you should anyway (it's a great ♥♥♥♥ing movie). But the lore is built upon and it's so cool to see more of the universe. The attention to detail is damn amazing. The fact they used the font from the original Alien movie poster for the menus brings me absolute happiness. The fidelity of the ships, equipment, and audio is stunning. I felt like I was on set for the 1979 classic.One gripe I have with Isolation is that in order to get some of the collectables, you have to wait until near the end of the game and then backtrack through the whole ship trying to remember where this stuff was. Couple this with the fact that once you can backtrack the story is getting pretty intense so you really don't wanna wander around. It just seems like they could've made the collectables harder to get but in a more creative way. Instead you're flat out incapable of exploring certain rooms because you don't have the tool upgrades and you don't get those until literally the last few missions.I just have one little issue with the ending. It's ambiguous. But not in a way that helps the overall lore/story. A little disclaimer though, this in no way is game breaking, it doesn't effect how I feel about the rest of the game, and I actually really like one of the theories about the ending. But what it basically boils down to is that in order for the movie Aliens (which takes place after this game) to make sense we have to assume certain things happen in an ending that's meant to be ambiguous and not tell us exactly what happened. So the ending I'd like to believe is made invalid by the state of the story in Aliens. This is only an issue though if you want to believe one particular theory about how it ends.If you're interested in a discussion about the ending, this thread proved to be pretty enlightening and in it there's an explanation as to what has to happen in order for the second movie to make sense.https://steamcommunity.com/app/214490/discussions/0/624076851221697517/"
76561198025074940,Recommended,214490,14314499,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,cricket62,">Playing Alien Isolation>Probably about 1/5th of the way through>Sneaking around, going back and forth, trying to complete a mission>Alien is somewhere up in the vents>Come across 3 survivors who tell me to run away or they'll kill me>I start running down the hall>Alien hears me and jumps down out of the vent>I hide under table>I hear the terrified screams of the people who had mercy on me as they are torn to bits by the Alien>They're all dead>Alien goes back into vent>I go and loot the dead bodies10/10"
,Recommended,214490,12389790,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kira,"The game is amazing!! After fearing my decision of pre ordering after IGN’s terrible review, I soon let that distress fade. The game is great. It completely nails the atmosphere of the first Alien film, and takes it all in its stride. I don’t usually play horror games, but this is too good to miss. A must buy!!*I know my play time is written as 2hrs, but I have completed much further on my console."
,Recommended,214490,12471303,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MaxOfS2D,"This is the first Alien game that does everything (or almost everything) right, that gives justice to the universe seen in the original 1979 movie. It's a must-play.You're the daughter of Ellen Ripley, fifteen years after the event of the first movie. The very basic summary of the premise is that you're trying to get assigned to jobs close to where your mother was last seen; you're looking for traces of her. The story isn't the likes of modern Hollywood movies and that's a good thing; something overly dramatic or with a big scale would have not worked at all.The first thing you're going to notice here is the technical presentation. It's nearly flawless. It's the first movie come to life, with its imperfect retro-futuristic technology that runs on magnetic tapes and cartridges. The space station is GORGEOUS. You'll find yourself jaw agape when looking out of a window, towards the stars, the gas giant, the sun, the rest of the station. It's amazing. And it runs really well, too; I could max out the settings at 2560x1440 on a GeForce 670 and achieve nearly-constant 60fps (or more, as I am using a GSync monitor). Its only big problem is the lack of effective anti-aliasing; temporal SMAA 2x helps, but it's not doing miracles.And while we're at it: the audio direction of this game should win many awards, and then we should invent new audio awards just so it can win them. It's really good. Get a headset.Eventually you first come face-to-face with the Alien. And this is when the paranoïa settles in. It's wholly unpredictable; you'll often hear the creature around you, in the ceilings, in the walls. There are other ennemies around the station (creepy androids that have gone haywire and forgot about their ""do no harm to human life"" directive, and other humans), and you will have to work around them... and you will constantly be faced with the choice of whether to deal with them directly, at the risk of causing enough noise to attract the Alien.One of the main tools of the game is the motion tracker. It will allow you to get a general idea of other presences around you (most notably the Alien). However, something the game doesn't explicitly tell you is that it draws attention to you, with its faint noises and beeps being enough to reveal you in a few cases. You won't want to use it if you're hiding in a locker and the Alien is looking for you in the room.You can craft a variety of devices and tools to help you deal with opponents (noisemakers, pipe bombs, molotovs, EMP mines...) by finding blueprints and loot which are usually not too far off the main road. There are weapons in this game; you have a melee attack, you'll find two guns and, eventually, a flamethrower, which is a get-out-of-jail-free card against the Alien. Ammo is scarce for everything, and Androids are hard to deal with (they generally require half of your total ammo, and can't be melee'd unless stunned).You have room for emergent gameplay tactics, such as drawing the attention of the Alien to other hostile humans instead of you, and slide past the whole bunch unnoticed. It's pretty fun to try and come up with solutions (the classic one being ""throw a distraction the opposite way you're trying to go to""), but there are a few factors to stealth that Alien: Isolation does differently to other games of the genre. You can't just expect to hide in a dark corner and survive; you have to keep moving at the right times, out of the lines of sight of ennemies, or when they're busy with something else. This is of utmost importance with the Alien, as its senses are heightened, and it will hear you very easily.So yeah, the game is scary. And there are very few ""automatic"" checkpoints, so you'll find yourself burning with desire to find a save point. This is what primarily creates tension in the game; you don't want to have to redo that scary part again. It's a bit of an ""artificial"" way to do it, but it works! However, I dislike how it paces the game in a way where your next goal, story-wise, is overshadowed by ""oh god i have to find the next save point please please please please where is it"".I should talk about a few other things that the game, in my opinion, fails to do right.First, the alien is actually not *that* unpredictable; it's scripted to appear in a handful of moments. Most of which are right before save points. So you'll be prepared to throw a molotov at its face on your next attempt. There are also a few other moments where it *feels* like the Alien is scripted to show up on your motion tracker, lurking around you, but not actually coming out to hunt you until the point where you have to backtrack through an area to go somewhere else and it's inconvenient for you. Overall, its presence does not feel really systemized, though.Second, there are some puzzles where the solution is really oddly placed or designed. The prime example I have in mind is a moment where you have to escape from a fire, on a time limit (draining health). The center of the room is on fire, the back of the room isn't, and there are doors there. Your first instinct is to go back there and look for the exit, but it took me a good three minutes (and 2 medkits) before I realized the ladder to escape was actually right above the fire at the center. The game has a few other moments like that in which what you're supposed to do is weirdly placed in relation to what you just did beforehand.Third, on a technical point, there are a few bugs, all of which have to do with other NPCs and cutscenes. I've had three cases where an in-gameplay cutscene was supposed to play with NPCs, but they just stood there motionless, and even a save reload would not fix it. These bugs, however, didn't impede my progress in any way.The game is far longer than you will come to expect; a few times I was thinking ""okay, this is the end"", but it kept going. Not in a hamstrung, forced way (except for one case where you're like ""oh COME ON""). Total playtime was ~16h30.Overall, this is a game that understands the 1979 movie, its universe, its aesthetics, why it was good, and which transposes its qualities in a game in a nearly flawless way. It attempts to tune down the ""video gameisms"" and doesn't always succeed, but the attempt alone is enough to set it way apart your run-of-the-mile AAA title. I'm wholeheartedly recommending it."
,Recommended,214490,13748790,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cuckboi69,"At home, everyone can hear you scream..."
,Recommended,214490,23651479,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ragnarrok,"I'm stuck in the Communications floor with the Alien, a bunch of bloodthirsty synthetics and a few hostile humans.The door that leads to the exit is offline so I need to backtrack a bit to reboot some systems and restore power.I see a save station so I save my game.I check my motion tracker. It blanks out for a few moments but it eventually reveals nothing on the scanner.I walk confidently into a dining area. There is damage: some fire and lots of debris everywhere. I need to watch my step.I see the generator at the far end of the room and a terminal. My objective. That's when I hear a blip from the motion tracker.I panic as I hear something large slump down from the vents with a large THUD. I hide behind a couch and peek from the side of it. Amidst the flashing red emergency lights and all the smoke I can see the outline of an elongated head and a tail whipping from side to side.Thealienis here, in the room with me.It starts walking about, searching for any kind of movement. If it spots me I'm dead. I sneak in the opposite direction and hide in a locker.Through the narrow slits of the locker I see the creature checking every nook and cranny of the room. Then it turns and takes a good look at the locker I'm in. It starts walking slowly towards me.Oh god noI have to hold my breath as it inspects the locker closely. It feels like an eternity has gone by until it leaves to search another room. It's gone for now.I exit the locker and check my motion tracker again: There's movement far behind me but its far enough to give me time to restart the generator.I walk to the generator and I restart it. It makes a loud whirring noise as some of the lights in the room come back on. The sound makes me panic as I hurry to the computer terminal to reboot systems. I heard a loud hiss somewhere in the distance.I navigate to the utility folder and do what I need to in a jiffy.With the power now on I turn around to make my way to the door.The alien is right behind me.I SCREAM as it grabs me and proceeds to make a whole in my skull.Game over.Lucky I saved my game recently. xDReally great game that pays tribute to the first Alien movie. Excellent sound and visuals and a deeply terrifying atmosphere. Onnightmaredifficulty this game made me jump out of my seat in a few segments. xDThere are a few issues, like the sometimes annoying AI, some silly drawn out sequences, plot holes and a nonsense ending - but aside from that this game is worth it if you're an Alien fan. It's better than the other ones!"
,Recommended,214490,20239328,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kingjaffad,-Playing in the dark with my headphones and the volume on max-Sneaking past Alien-Pet cat rubs against my leg just as alien passes by10/10 I am now afraid of my cat
76561198146383764,Recommended,214490,15107333,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DarkSrius,"Alien Isolation is my one of favorite survival-horror game. Game is so good, I can recommend to all players who loves Alien movies and survival-horror based games."
,Recommended,214490,28882929,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hermès,"Absolutely fantastic game. Masterpiece game, unique atmosphere. Everyone should check this amazing game."
,Recommended,214490,12390724,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,50p,"So this game has really impressed me with it's great visuals and overall feel, a must for any alien fan. I bought the deluxe edition of this game on steam, which includes the season pass. From what I can see it gives you the other pre order DLC for this game, so that's Crew Expendable and Last Survivor.Right now that's get down to the actual game here shall we.This game has done exactly what it was supposed to do, bring honor back to the Alien franchise. So during my playtime I had been taking in that epic atmosphere that this game creates. It feels like a real Alien experience, closely resembling the first film in how it creates that intense environment. The way it uses the music, lighting and atmosphere to create that suspense, a feeling of anxiety.The story is so-so, I mean don't get me wrong..it's a great story with a great setting and background, however it just doesn't keep me glued to it, it also went on longer than you would expect and no, that's not always a good thing. The characters are also so-so, of course Amanda is probably the strongest out of the lot however Samuels and Nina seem to come across as rather..blank, but don't get me wrong, they are still great to have around. Now the most interesting thing about this game is..of course..the Alien, I well designed A.I that is just brilliant at creating that anxiety, I mean it's movements and how it reacts is so erratic, they really did create the perfect organism.Right well the game itself runs very well on PC, now I don't really have much experience with PC games at release but I can say that this game runs as smooth as butter.Settings wise it does give the user a range of choices to suit your liking, for instance film grain. For my experience I decided to turn off film grain as I wanted my experience to be more immersive. Now there are many other options to fiddle around with for instance Motion Blur, Particles, Depth of field, Chromatic Aberration, Planar Reflections and all the usual things you'd expect on a PC game. Now I've had no trouble playing this game so far, everything is maxed out, mostly.I'm going to be honest and say I am very impressed with this game, it fulfilled all my expectations. I was totally immersed in what was going on, and next to Shadow Of Mordor this is one of the more suprising games of the year. Overall I recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of thr Alien series, in fact it's a must have, even if you're not an Alien fan or have no experience with the series I would still recommend buying it, it's a great and fun game full suspense that will keep you on the edge of your seat.So don't be afraid to purchase this game because trust me, it's nothing like Alien Colonial Marines.How will you survive?"
76561198129258976,Recommended,214490,17435434,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,AYAYAYAYAYAYA,- Throw a noise grenade- Hit the wall- Bounce back to me- Aliens are swarming around with their creepy sound- ALT+F4
,Recommended,214490,12630793,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Archon,"I watched all movies, played whole story and I think this game what I dreamed for an alien game. Alien fans and horror game lovers should buy.Pro Tip : Watch the Alien movies or at least watch the first movie to learn origin story."
,Recommended,214490,34161014,Posted: 10 August,all,JayDubyou,9.5/10Play it on the hardest difficulty for maximum sp00ky
,Recommended,214490,12426070,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Stevey,"If you're a fan of the first film, you've got to get this."
,Recommended,214490,12431867,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Guy in the Chair,"Alien: Isolation is the kind of game that you just can't afford to miss. Buy it. Play it. Experience it. Even those who aren't familiar with the Alien franchise will enjoy this game. It's tense,  interesting, and very, very scary. However, the best thing about Alien: Isolation is how masterfully the Sevastopol was created. It's incredibly immersive, and fans of the original Alien are going to feel right at home. Yes, the game is (very) long. This is good. Horror games are usually too short and can sometimes be finished in one sitting. Alien: Isolation uses its time wisely, allowing the anxiety and fear to build. There's a rich story to unfold, not just a quick scare.Something to note is that this game has many, sometimes long, periods where not much happens. These are not boring. They give the player a chance to explore and the game a chance to build tension/suspense. The times that you do face the Alien are heart-stopping. This game doesn't just throw a jump scare at you and consider its job done. You will sometimes have to contend with the Alien for long, drawn out periods of time as it stalks and searches for you. I could feel myself sweating every second. Alien: Isolation is what the Alien franchise has desperately needed, game-wise, for a long time. 9/10.P.S. It's also very refreshing to play a female protagonist, which is sadly still a rare feat in gaming. Amanda is a strong, defiant, well-rounded and independent heroine who's more than capable of fending for herself. She's a survivor. Well done, CA. I applaud you."
,Recommended,214490,20107373,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pabloziac,"Being all macho, I decided this game wasn't all that scary.I turn off my lights and play this game in a pitch black room.My monitor is now glaring at me.Already 10 minutes in game and I'm freaking out.""Oh ♥♥♥♥, I really wish I didn't turn the lights off.""Continue playing the game; progressing forward.I finally encounter the alien with no light in my room.""The sound is really realistic"" as I look behind me.Suddenly, I hear something outside of my room.My heart literally skips a beat.""What the ♥♥♥♥ was that?""Turn the flashlight on on my phone with 10% battery.I slowly creep downstairs to find the source of the rustlin'.I hear a loud bang and I freak out and run in the pantryHolding my breath, I back up.I slowly look out near my kitchen, and guess who it is.My noctivagant cat.""You lil' sh*t.""I walk upstairs, turn off the game and try to get some sleep.This game almost gave me a heart attack in my kitchen."
,Recommended,214490,22670680,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Smithly,Still hiding in lockersend help
,Recommended,214490,29550662,Posted: 28 January,all,shtook,"You need balls and nerves made of steel. If you don't have those then you'll cry like a baby, because the main enemy is fast, deadly, invincible and it makes disgusting autistic screeching that rips off you mind and soul."
76561197967605168,Recommended,214490,12412573,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,exile,"The best Alien game since AVP Classic, and a true ""next gen"" experience."
,Recommended,214490,20912282,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sonozaki,"Review Time!StoryAlien Isolation is Stealth/Horror game where you play as Amanda Ripley the daughter of Ellen Ripley known from the Alien movies. You got the opportunity to join a mission which could give you leads what happend with Ellen Ripley. Therefore your are flying with a small team to Sevastepol a space-station in the orbit of the gas giant KG348. As far you arrived there you realize that something on the station went horribly wrong. People are missing and rumours about a alien lifeform are spreading around. The rest is up to you, don't want to spoiler everything.GameplayWell I think the standarf for horror/stealth AAA titles. You can walk,run,crouch to move and peek around corners by holding CTRL+Direction Buttons. Helpful if you want to keep your cover and peek if the way is clear.GraphicsIn Vanilla acceptebale but after tweaking the game files and building a ReShade preset you do not want to play in Vanilla anymore. The developers keept this old movie look which is pretty cool and nostalgic.Atmosphere / SoundThe big plus of the game! Alien Isolation is one of the games I enjoyes the most while playing it. It kinda feels like you were ported into another Alien movie. The old computers for example look and even sound like the ones from the movies. You can also hear something anytime. Rumbling vents, scratches, steps you will never feel alone and if it#s only the air ventilation working nearby. Then the music which keep you tense while moving around Sevastepol.. in the one minute quiet in the other literally screaming into your ear that you should hide.Personal opinionOne of the best games I have played so far. Definitly wort a buy!"
76561198072660975,Recommended,214490,34226869,Posted: 13 August,all,Armament,Hands down the scariest game I've played.  Awesome to put on the hardest difficulty and trade with friends on deaths.  Any fan of the movies should give this game a chance since it is the only game of Alien that is actually well made.  The nostolgia!!!  10/10
,Recommended,214490,24684861,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,cabillonum,"I'm thumbs up for the ""Recommend"" section, but there're few things you need to know before clicking ""Add to Cart"". It's definitely not an easy journey. If you're impatient person -- do not expect to have fun with this game. A:I severely punishes anyone who does not play by it's rules. Secondly, despite several action sequences, the game is as far from the general concept of ""action"" as you can imagine. You run only when there is no other choice (and probably die), you use the gun in a limited number of sutiations (otherwise you die). The most useful part of your technical arsenal is aimed to drive you off from the ""action"" as far as possible.I can't also admit I was scared with alien, but sci-fi horror creatures have never frightened me initially. What your main antagonist does is keeping you in constant tension (and irritation, if you failed to accept the gameplay conditions), and it does that admirably well.Last but not least. I don't think you'll fully enjoy A:I if you're not familiar with the original franchise. However, I could be wrong on this point. But praise the developer for superfine fanservice.Given that you will be able to put up with all of the above -- one of the best sci-fi thriller experiences in years."
76561197989072565,Not Recommended,214490,12478698,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,MarketGardenGaming,"Before I begin, I'm going to write the positives and negatives to be unbiased and help you make your decision, so please upvote this review to help others in deciding their purchase.Disclaimer: This review is based on a mixture of a new release price tag, and all of the flase things that Creative Assembly was boasting. (surprise surprise)This game is beautiful. The sound and music are also on point. It's a very immersive environment that explores more of the Alien universe lore. I remembered watching the movie Aliens and wanting them to expand on Ripley's daughters life while she was in cryo-sleep. Decent crafting, and enough gadgets and weapons to get you by. Please note, this is not a run and gun first person shooter like the millenials keep wanting reskinned versions to play. This is more like Outlast or Prenumbra set in the Alien universe. Do not run in shooting everywhere or you will die. It's a survival game, not a hop around firing rocket launchers game.Now the bad. I can't stress enough, I got it yesterday, and was having fun with it the first few hours. However, I began noticing things. CA boasted that the alien possessed super duper state of the art artificial AI, (sound like another game they released last year?) but the alien actually spawns and teleports around the map near your vicinity. I've found myself hiding from him in a locker, and he just roams around the room, or the halls outside so you eventually have to get out of the locker and let him get you so you can reload your save and try again, and after reloading he's nowhere to be found.There was one point where I was moving down a corridor, and there were 3 open ceiling vents above, and you can tell where he's at because you see a stream of drool dripping down onto the floor. I skirted around said vent so he couldn't grabe me, and guess what? The rain of drool immediately appeared in the 2nd, and then 3rd vent after that. These vents were not connected to each other, so how did he immediatly appear in the next one? If he knew where I was, why didn't he just drop down and kill me? (You can't outrun him if he sees you) Again, his ""A.I."" doesn't seem intelligent, just random spawning and cheap kills.I've watched him spot me from down the hall, run after me, and I made it into a room and hid in the locker.  He was RIGHT behind me at this point but once the locker door closed, he just turned and walked out.I've seen him walk past a human NPC that wasn't even sneaking and continue searching for me while I was hiding under a desk. Neither him nor the NPC acknoweledge one anothers presence.I have rarely felt like I've been outsmarted by this sophisticated A.I.. It mainly feels random and cheap when he finds me.The human enemy A.I. is just a series of talking to each other and patrolling a set path while having predator like vision that can spot you crouching in the dark from 100 meters away and snipe you with a pistol somehow.A challenging game doesn't bother me, but I'm 34 and been a gamer for 29 years ever since my parents bought me my first NES. I can tell the difference between a challenging game and just random good/bad luck.Overall, the lore so far seems good, and the visuals are stunning, but I really wish modern game developers would focus on gameplay as opposed to flashy graphics to hold the attention of ritalin addled kids.It's worth getting, but I'd wait until it's 20-30 dollars because I don't think it will be worth more than a 1 time playthrough."
,Recommended,214490,32459018,Posted: 15 June,all,Vino Tinto,"After 6 months, I finally finished the game.Why it took me so much time?...Because sometimes the game its just too hard.It happened many times when I reach a point where I died allways (rushing or using all my stealth) but you made one mistake and: bam, you are dead. Due to my competitive nature I didnt want to lower the difficulty, so I got frustrated in some points so I quit the game for months and then returned to get stuck again and leave, and return........In the end I decided to lower the difficulty (I was on hard) to beat the parts where its was just too hard.Even though I had some troubles, I really enjoyed every seccond of the 25 hours that took me to beat it :)The game and all the mechanics are okey 7.5/10but thats not the important part...Because:The music is a 10/10Map design 10/10Sound efects 10/10The Atmosphere *o* 10/10You feel the same fear that you can feel wathcing the first movie! and... AAAH! so many things remainding you of the Nostromo!!! That was one of the main reasons why I keep coming back to the game! when I was not stucked I felt like I was in the first Alien movie :Dthat is what makes this game so great!!!So my conclusion is:If you like Aliens and the first Alien movie in particular, this game is for you! (there are some DLCs that im gonna try after wrighting this about the first movie!!!)If you are not that much in to Alien universe, you may not enjoy this game that much...I would give this game a final rate of 9/10 because of the feelings that generate in me :)"
,Recommended,214490,25588250,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,MayhemMike,"This game is amazing, and one of the few that I regard as ""full price worthy"" even years after its release.Artwork, Atmosphere, Feel:The artwork is spot on and a real love letter to Ridley Scotts Alien movies. Every room feels authentic and is full of detail but never feels cluttered or overloaded. And it is not just the bigger areas, even those little dead end hallways that are only there to make the level layout more believable are rich with atmosphere.Gameplay:At its core it is a hiding and sneaking game but you also get weapons to fight back. You can't kill the Alien but pretty much everyone else. On top of that is a light crafting system that lets you build distractions, bombs and other little helpers that allow different solutions to a problem. But resources are rare and require additional exploration = more risk to gather.Another great aspect of the gameplay and this ties in very well with the lvl design is the obfuscation of the engagement areas. A lot of similar games make the mistake that they send you down a linear path with no hiding spots or dark shadowy corners and then all of a sudden you see a room full of them which makes it a clear tell that an enemy will show up and breaks the game apart into safe exploration areas and dangerous engagement spots. This game does it differently, you will often find rooms with conveniently placed hiding spots that would allow a safe route from one shadow to another, a clear tell that an enemy encounter is up, huh? But nope, no one is there. This might sound like a minor detail but it adds so much immersion.The alien itself doesn't use a fixed patrolling route, rather some sort of clever AI which works pretty well. Only downside to this, and this took me a while to get used to is that you will see it a lot. I would have preferred if it would stay more often in hiding and only come out when it sees a good opportunity to attack you directly, like in the movies.Overall I would score it a solid 9.5"
,Recommended,214490,24988750,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Steven,"TL;DR: It's a cat and mouse game... and you are not the cat!Alien: Isolation is the first person survival horror, so don't expect to run around with a pulse rifle shooting hundreds of monsters. Alien: Isolation is a little different, it focuses on the first movie, Ridley Scott’s Alien.As Amanda Ripley, your goal is to use the darkness and crawlspaces to avoid detection by humans, androids and alien alike as you slowly piece together events, find out what happened to Ellen Ripley and get off the station. The whole story is scary, exciting and strong, with some surprising twists.Though gun use is not essential you are granted one early on, however it is just a handgun with very limited ammo which you quickly learn is not as useful as one would hope, rather ineffective against the androids and pointless to use against the Alien, making more noise than necessary which in turn attracts even more enemies. Instead there is a decent selection of tools to use to your advantage, many of which make a noise or other type of distraction to spare you a few lifesaving moments by using it to your advantage to attract and distract enemies.Fans of the film will certainly be pleased with the overall presentation, the game being littered with movie references. Halls of the space station ravaged by the preceding fights, crates left without purpose, doors waiting patiently to hiss open, the chattering robots and old green pixelated display screens, lots of brown leather jackets and clinical white corridors and of course the towering black death that is the Alien, never looking better!Overall verdict:Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214490,12590874,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"O my god yes yes yes i reccomend this game , waiting all my life for a good game based on the movie Aliens  and this one is it from start to end my heart was pounding and racing , i was scarred to walk fast let alone run and it was a blast. A stealth game done so perfect with such a dreadfull atmoshphere and at the same time a huge amazing space station that is very detailed . The controls are spot on and for the first time in ages i can truly say if you die in this game it is your own fault that is how smooth the control and level desighn and A.I.  work together  . As a huge fan from the original not the lame AvsP movies this story is dead on with the mytho of the the alien/Ripley story line . If you like stealth , horror , or just well put together games this is a must but i will tell you if you are one of the run and gun crowd and cant stand still then stay away this is a true stealth game . Sam fisher cant even come close to this depth and style of stealth . So do your self a favour and go buy the game or wait but make sure you try it out at least once because games like this are very rare and to far apart .  A dam 10/10 for me says the crazy clown ."
,Recommended,214490,14723643,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Urah,Light effects are fantastic!I'm too scared to say anything else at the moment.
,Recommended,214490,23606415,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Luminaire,"While many credit Resident Evil with inventing the survival horror genre (and Silent Hill with expanding upon it soon after), I've never played a game truer to the genre's ideals than Alien: Isolation. It instills in the player a sense of helplessness and sheer terror (and, of course, isolation) as well as and, in many ways, better than any other game ever has. In addition to capturing the soul of the movie Alien - down to the dim, claustrophobic spaceship corridors filled with steam and dust particles, retro-futuristic computer interfaces, and ambient noises and music, this is a living, breathing homage and love letter to Alien fans - Isolation captures the soul of the titular Xenomorph itself. The ""perfect organism"" will hunt you relentlessly using the same vents, hallways, and stations you do to traverse the sprawling abandoned space hub Sevastopol, and its AI is a marvel to behold. Unlike other survival and stealth games, there is little to nothing you can do to predict enemy behavior as there are no set patrol routes to memorize or programmed reactions to remember - enemy behavior is contingent on your behavior and the context of the situation. In addition to the Alien itself, you encounter dangerous rogue androids and other humans who will usually shoot on sight simply out of fear which you can use to your advantage as their gunfire is likely to draw out the Alien who will quickly clear the room while you hide (one of many dynamic strategies you'll learn to employ). And hide you will - much of the 20+ hour long campaign involves a game of cat-and-mouse with extreme levels of tension (in addition to being a survival simulator, this could be considered an anxiety simulator - many moments are simply too intense and require breaks in between to catch your breath). If you attack the Alien with conventional weapons, you're dead; if you're hiding and it hears you breathing, you're dead; if it even sees you, you're dead. This combined with scarcity of ammo and parts (used to devise gadgets like noisemakers and Molotov cocktails) forces you to make smart, tough decisions as you progress through the story.Unlike most modern games with frequent checkpoints and automatic saving systems, save points are manually triggered and scarce, and since you die frequently, you will have to repeat certain steps in missions which can become tedious. This could be considered a fault - I certainly got annoyed about having to backtrack and repeat around twenty minutes of progress because I let my guard down for a little while and was killed before reaching the next save point - but it also strengthens the game's emphasis on realistic survival in a hostile environment. You are not a heroic protagonist - you play as Ellen Ripley's daughter Amanda after the events of the first Alien movie, and though she is smart & brave, she is simply no match for the Alien or hoards of androids & armed humans. In her shoes, you must move carefully, stealthily, and tactically, conserve ammo, and do whatever it takes to survive. While many consider this a game-breaking flaw (including IGN and GameSpot, both of whom panned Isolation and rated it 6 out of 10), I consider it extremely dynamic gameplay that rewards players for their patience & good decision making and punishes them unrelentingly for rushing toward the next objective. Your most valuable tool comes in the form of a motion detector that picks up the relative location of enemies and comrades alike. What it does not do, however, is give exact locations, and since the Alien has the capability to use the environment to its fullest, even if you get a ping on your radar indicating it is close by, you have no idea whether it's in the next room, clambering through a vent shaft above you, or ready to pounce from a blind spot. Audio plays a huge role here - in addition to having an amazing soundtrack that pays homage to the movie and gives the settings you explore as much personality as the equally brilliant visuals do, simply listening to the Alien's footsteps and raspy breathing aids you in avoiding it effectively and adds to the overall atmosphere in ways that put many other AAA titles to shame.If I've not made it clear yet, Alien: Isolation is a thrilling, harrowing experience, and I mean this in the best way possible. If you're a fan of the film(s) and/or enjoy survival horror such as Resident Evil, Silent Hill, Dead Space, BioShock, and especially Outlast (which is the most similar in its ability to make the player feel deserted, petrified, and outmatched), you owe it to yourself to play this game. However, it would be a mistake to approach it like any survival horror game that came before as it is significantly less action-oriented (you'll hardly fire a weapon if you play it smart, which is really the only way to play) and its highly dynamic & adaptive enemy AI is unlike anything the genre and possibly even videogaming as a whole has ever seen. An optimal PC port and instant classic.A(9.5/10)"
,Recommended,214490,26528100,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Grímsdóttir,"video game titles based off film cinema.... ------> GARBAGE, TRASH.NOT THIS TIME.playing this with headphones on is like sneaking out of your girlfriends bedroom at 2AM trying to urinate in the direct pool of toilet water, the bathroom is next to the parents bedroom. 10/10"
76561198009390365,Recommended,214490,17577807,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,guyguyguy,"Alien: Isolation is now one of my favorite horror games. While I don't necessarily think it's the scariest game out there, it's very atmospheric and is a very enjoyable experience.The game's character is the daughter of Ripley from the movie Alien 1. While on a mission to find the whereabouts of her mother, she finds herself stranded on a decaying space station filled with the horrors caused by the murderous alien on board.The atmosphere in this game is gorgeous. You are put in a first person perspective which makes the experience very immersive. The graphics, music, and sound effects give it the feel as if it is part of the original movie. There are even sound clips from the movie that I recognize, intermingled with the new voice acting. There are tons of small details in the environment to be appreciated and it's the small details that really give it a great look.The story is quite well-developed. There are a few cut scenes but it's not overbearing. There are numerous voice recordings scattered around that leave tidbits of story.Apart from the look and feel of the game, the game mechanics are great and they make the game challenging. Simply put, this game has done a lot of things right that other horror games did wrong. Let me try to list a few things:While there are weapons, ammo is limited and they seem very ineffective on hard mode. This keeps the game's spirit as a survival horror game and not another action game with horror elements like half-life or bioshock. The stealth mechanics are essential and you will simply get killed if you make too much noise. This includes running and even using your motion detector!The alien is pretty unpredictable and its very sensitive to noise. In games such as outlast or amnesia, you could eventually figure out the path the AI is taking and avoid it quite easily. This game is harder in difficulty, which really adds to the experience. Not to mention, the alien can open up lockers!The maps are not linear and there's many spots to explore. The game forces you to scavenge for parts, since items such as medkits and smoke grenades must be crafted. You also have a limited battery on your flashlight. This is a great game mechanic that was neglected in games like Amnesia 2.There are other little interesting mechanics that add to the experience. You can only save the game at save points which adds to the danger when you are trying to sneak around an enemy. When hacking the security systems, you must solve a simple puzzle but time is not paused. It's possible for enemies to sneak up on you while you are interacting with the simple puzzles.Alien: Isolation has just about everything I expect in a horror game. Great immersive atmosphere, detailed story, solid and challenging gameplay elements add to the experience."
,Recommended,214490,17166331,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Captain Picards Balls,"10/10 absolute masterpiece !!!! The storyline to the game is just glorious on all aspects except for the androids portion when you have multiple of them you don't really get the right alien vibe. People who are fans of the films will know exactly what im saying. If they did a Bishop or Ash aproach like they did in the films i personaly feel like it would of been better. they kinda did with the character Samuels. i won't really get into it don't wanna spoil it for yah. Also the fact that you can play as the original cast from Alien makes it 10 times better and the Jump scares make it all more Amazing !  Arguably one of the best games of this decade, SEGA did well !!!!"
,Recommended,214490,12574618,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Deepeye,"UPDATED on 21st of December, 2014 with information regarding DLCs and look after a few months.Want to feel that 1979 Alien atmosphere with some modern tweaks? This is it!Good things:+Graphics + sound = authentic atmosphere. Really good, to the point that one feels he's in that corp-forsaken station.+Creature is fantastic - movement, sounds, reactions. AI is not abnormally smart, nor entirely predictable, solid for this type of game.+Game makes you feel quite uncomfortable, sometimes frustrated, often scared and rarely alleviated as you reach the save point. After reaching one, you still want to see what's behind next corner.+Interesting approach to weapons and ammunition. They feel like most rudimentary things put together to be at least somewhat efficient in dealing with threats, against the Alien they are junk though. Yet useful against other types of poential foes if used correctly. Ammunition is scarce, Ripley isn't a great shot either (exactly how it should be).+Different approaches to situations is always a bonus. Not a Deus Ex, but mostly provides player with options.Weak parts:-Sub-par facial animation. Too bad, at our age it could have been better as models themselves are great.-Too many upgrades for tools and quite rare uses for each of them (welding torch, hacking device). Every new upgrade unlocks only several doors. 3 upgrades for each craftable item is an overkill. Feels like they had nothing else to put character development wise and decided to make it up with upgrades for items.-Practically no interaction with other humans except for direct combat or evasion. This could have had more layers.-Inconsistency in human stealth segments. Often human AI sees you way too well to the point that stealth is not even an option.Polarizing aspects:+/- Difficult on easy, due to specifics of combat and checkpoints being your own saves and beginning of an episode.+/- Game is quite long, important aspect for a game with such impressive discomfort factor. If one enjoys the atmosphere, stealth and punishing difficulty - it's a treat. If not - frustartion will arise. Others call it a problem with pacing, to which I do not agree as the pace is exactly the same from start to finish with small differences in specific parts (meeting Alien for the first time, having to survive without weapons, going at it in the end).+/- Backtracking. I enjoy it when I like the game. But the important part is that you don't have to do it if you're not going for 100% collectible run. And if you are, then you should enjoy the game based on that decision.For an Alien fan = must play (full price acceptable).For a survival horror fan = definite check (full price acceptable but better to wait for some discount).To a stealth game fan = recommended check (wait for a discount).Rest approach at your own discretion, this is not a game for the meek.UPDATED 21/12/14 info below:Didn't want to write regarding DLCs from the start and generally wait it out a bit. I can say that they are well done with only some noticable reusage of previous location parts, generally adding quite a few new tilesets and having their own unique level designs. Locations presented here are the ones which we as players cannot visit in original game due to different story occurances.For those who are willing to compete for times and scores or experience story of other characters on the station, Survivor DLC is a proving ground of skill, wits and luck. For those who wish to enjoy a story perspective it is as rewarding as nothing is pushing on player to go for the scores/time. Perspective of Ransome and Lingard + upcoming characters is adding much appreciated level of richness to the story happening on Sevastopole.Nostromo and Crew Expendable DLCs are really well done as they take exact moments from the Alien movie (last minutes of Ellen's escape to Narcissus and Dallas's decision to go to vents after Alien) with albeit slight additions and capitalize on them masterfully. In Crew Expendable player has the right to choose between characters and see canon version of ending (in case of Nostromo) or delve into speculation of what might have happened/or did happen if someone else would go after the Alien (Crew Expendable). Voice acting is fantastic with most of the original actors reprising their roles with additional audio logs providing even more insight. It's a treat for a fan to relive the same moments yourself.I managed to replay game quite a few times and new additions like Novice and Nightmare difficulties make the experience even better suited for all types of players. I must say I love to come back to it and enjoy the atmosphere, design and tension on a regular basis.After that I wholeheartedly and honestly change my score for Alien Isolation up to 9/10."
,Recommended,214490,18718551,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,-P|T- DxeeL,"Personal review of : Alien Isolation. First of all, I've got to commend Creative Assembly for this superb release. Honestly, a studio that's never tackled a FPS game, completely blew all my expectations for this game. I was worried, you see, just like you I got burned hard by A:CM and Gearbox. I swore never to buy a gearbox game again, but after all the trailers, all the hype and the talk, I went into this game expecting to be dissapointed. What I was though was massively impressed. Oh where do I even begin? First of all let's get this out of the way, Alien Isolation feels like a true next-gen game (except for the mo-cap). Graphics are amazing. Lighting, volumetric smoke, the enviroments really feel crafted by hand, all of them. Everything is ""fluid"" in the sense of an Aliens game. The level design works against you, long dismal corridors serve to alienate(no pun intented) the player, while it servs a greater purpose to the Alien. The technophobia and aesthetics of the 70's sci-fi vision of the world is nailed so perfect on so many levels. Graphics, sound, setting, mood, atmosphere. It's all here. Story wise it falls a bit short, Amanda as a character doesn't quite reach her peak IMO.Instead it feels more like a streched cat&mouse chase. She starts off innocently enough seeking closure after the disappearance of her mother. What ensues afterwards is a long strech of corridors, backtracking, fixing the station etc. The point is that the story feels a bit secondary compared to the meat of the game. Sneaking and surviving. Which are pretty well made, except for a lack of actual indication as to how ""visible"" you are, but I personally embrace this choice, since it makes it less video-game-y and more of an experience. Dodging, sneaking and outsmarting the Alien reflect how well you react in these situations. There is just so much depth to the game, it's amazing how few bugs I've actually encountered during my playtime (It's twice the amount on steam, I pirated before I bought it). Anyways, you can stealth through the entire game, with the exception of a few forced android fights. Stealth works fine, combat is a bit shallow, the NPC survivors are kinda dumb, the focus being on the xeno. Other areas pin you against other enemies, but generally speaking if you are patient enough you can stealth almost 90% of the game (I did it on the hardest difficulty without any human casualites). To wrap up this review, I highly recommend Alien:Isolation to pretty much all fans of the licence and fans of the horror genre, AI so advanced in a horror game is trully a blessing, the god damn Alien reacts to your motion detector's sounds for pete's sake and since you can never learn the ""pattern"" of the Alien. Crafting and salvaging are also a big part of the game, but yet again it comes to your personal preference (which stuff to use), the only useful items I can think about are the noisemakers, health kits and molotovs.The Good:Superbe graphicsGood voice actingPlays&Feels like a next-gen experienceXeno AI is the best seen so far in any gamePlenty of respect and love for the source material, best use of Alien material in a videogameDLC's offer up so many new maps & a few new modes, Good to sink in some extra hoursOne of the best optimized games of 2014Massive game ( up to 15-25 hours on a first playthrough)Seegson's role in the game is the best deviation from the tired old storylineCrafting and salvaging parts encourage explorationAudio logs recorded with the original staff from Alien 1979The bad:Amanda as a character and the overall story are kinda averageSUBJECTIVE: Game is reusing plenty of enviroments, since backtracking is a huge part of it, might dissapoint some peopleHuman AI is a bit lacklusterForced combat sections in a primarily stealth focused gameFrom time to time you'll suffer some ""unfair"" deaths on part of the Alien's unpredictable AISequel bait endingIt gets a personal rating of 9/10, story was weaker, backtracking hurt a bit but overall it's a massively enjoyable experience. Alien's fans will love this, probably the best adaptation ever.  P.S. The DLC's for this game are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,214490,34011483,Posted: 4 August,all,Crimson FURY,"An absolute must for any fan of the Alien franchise and strongly recommended for the sci-fi survival horror buffThere are some filler sections in the game (a few hours somewhere in the middle) which really wasnt necessary, but thankfully it wasn't as bad as some reviews made it out to be. The game picks up again towards the end and when playing the DLCThe only other slightly bothersome things were the very rare nonsensical deaths which should not have happened, the fact that you will backtrack quite a bit, and a sometimes very confusing portrayal of objectives on the minimap leaving you very confused where to go next. The good news is the engaging storyline will greatly help in ensuring these remain nothing more than passing annoyances.There are very few games I can think of which generate so much fear and tension and yet leave such a great impression all the way at the end. 21 hours of pure terror and worth every penny I paid for it. The fact that it is so faithful to the Aliens storyline, mood, and setting as we know from the movies only serves as icing on an already amazing cake.9/10"
76561198029736632,Recommended,214490,12394260,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,§Teras§,"Alien has come back since its three first films! Creative Assembly, I have to applause you! You guys did it.The atmosphere in this game is amazing; the machines, lighting, architecture, etc. Everything's awesome! I also recommend you to play with some decent sound system, the audio is spooky and very reminiscent to the Alien films.The gameplay is pretty good as well. The control mechanics are simple and easy to remember; the crafting system is really helpful, and it actually makes sense, since you're an engineer. The enemies act in unexpected ways and often offer quite a challenge. You have lots of places to hide. Learn how to use them with caution.Alas, I can't contribute with the story at this stage of the review (I will update later). But, so far, the secret of trying to discover the whereabouts of your mother, as the legend Ripley, seems pretty interesting.Concluding (update coming soon), this game is a must have for any Alien or horror fan. It's scary, it has incredible graphics and sound effects, the enemies' A.I. is unpredictable and actually works here. Well, what are you waiting for? Buy it!"
76561198021350570,Recommended,214490,12597254,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Maj.Sabastian78,"If your GPU can handle DirectX11 I recommend this game.Alien Isolation has great atmospher.I recommend a good pair of headphones (Plantronics GameCom 780 Gaming Headset with Surround Sound - USB Compatible with PC). This game made me upgrade to Logitech Surround Sound Speakers Z506 even though my laptop speakers worked good too. Didn't have the same immersion as headphones but I'm happy I upgraded.Set on low Gama the game is scary as hell with plenty of jump scares. Steam and smoke look like they should unlike ACM. Sound design is great and freaks you out setting the mood perfectly.Hard: The Alien never leaves, Medium gives you enough rope to hang yourself, and Easy is a cat and mouse game designed for those that like the movie but prefer not to have nightmares.Stealth is your key, as the Alien learns your patterns.  Running is not recommended, but movement is your best friend, or you'll spend 45 min in a locker or hiding under a desk.Want true horror, buy the Survivor DLC. Non stop action.... you being the main course.In space,you need to update your Audio/Video Drivers...before you can hear your scream.More info in my guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=323748892"
,Recommended,214490,13354925,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,8deag,"One of the best games I've played in quite a long time. The game was unforgivingly difficult, and I loved every second of it. It's a magnificent survival horror game, and it captures the tense and deperate atmosphere of the orignal Alien movie flawlessly. Scrounging in a panic for supplies to build just one more noisemaker to distract the Alien again when I might need it, or desperately looking for flamethrower fuel to hold him at bay just one more time for when (and I mean when) he eventually spots me again...9.5/10. This game was damn near perfect.I should mention I went through the game on Hard my first playthrough, which I've noticed was far more challenging than my friend's experience who went through the game on Normal for Xbox One. He was able to blast through enemies with abandon, and didn't suffer for it. For me, getting hit twice at most killed me and gunfire drew the Alien to my loaction. If you're worried about the game's difficulty being too high, you can play on a lower difficulty and have a much easier time of it. You can also change the game's difficulty mid-game if need be, so don't be afraid to go hard and play the game the way it was meant to be played. You can always drop down to completely the great story later if it's too much of a challenge."
,Recommended,214490,29847510,Posted: 11 February,all,Cj,"This is the most atmospheric Alien game on the market. They have perfectly captured the look of the original movie and have really gone all out in creating an authentic alien experience. Everything from the grained perspective to the drinking birds, This game just bleeds nostalgia.The Alien itself is simply terrifying, the sound of it storming through the hallways of the sevastopol and the fluid movements really evokes fear into the player making you feel completely helpless and on edge. Encounters with the alien are mostly unscripted, Anything from firing off a shotgun to kicking a piece of trash can alert the alien to your position. The Alien will explore the enviroments in a dominant manner, it really lets you know this is no longer a place for humans. This is its turf now, And it doesnt take kindly to guests.You can avoid contact with the creature by using the Motion scanner which gives you a whereabout of the Aliens position, and by hiding away. For the most part being caught out in the open by the alien ends in death, But with the flamethrower you can scare it away for another chance at survival. For me this feature felt like a cheap cheat button for when I messed up, But the flamer fuel depletes very quickly and you only receive the weapon around the second half so its justifiable.The combat in the game feels unnecessary at times, but is a welcome feature. Ammo is very scarce and new weapons are given to the player as the campaign progresses. The enemies range from other humans to deranged androids which can get quite repetitive to fight as they dont face a real challenge, they just use up your resources.(Although both the Androids and the Humans can be beaten with stealth)The game also has a crafting system which allows you to collect scraps along your journey across the sevastopol, and craft them into makeshift devices to help you along the way. These range from noise emitters and smoke screens to create distractions, to pipe bombs and molotovs that will deal some damage. Although for the most part I was constantly full on supplies during my playthrough of the campaign the crafting system is a great feature and adds some depth to the game.Overall this game is incredibly atmospheric and deeply terrifying. I recommend this game for any Sci-Fi fan and any Horror fans out there, I would say its worth the full price tag if you are drawn to the game otherwise picking it up on sale isnt a bad idea either, At £7.50 the game is a total steal.Final Verdict: 8/10 thats a real spooker"
76561198044913021,Recommended,214490,22755395,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pudgesicle[TWD],Can't wait til I get alzheimer's so I'll be able to play this game for the first time again.
76561197973183412,Recommended,214490,12390788,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,™ Reaver,"I have to admit that they have nailed this game down for Alien fans like myself, Absolutel beautifully made and the graphics are breath taking, The story line is good and lots of tension to keep you on your toes.. Playing survivor mode is nightmarish trying to make it to the shuttle  of which is a repeat of ripley's part in the movie Alien, Amber lights flashing  everywhere steam from every pipe and the tension and  pace of the music just adds to your nervousness already, The layout of the ship's Blue prints are the same from the film and makes you feel like your really there!"
76561198311036029,Recommended,214490,32326260,Posted: 10 June,all,Roasted Duck,"I'm too scared to continue playing this game. :,("
76561197982154045,Recommended,214490,24795189,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TommyCyrus Rex ❤,"Since this game is currently on sale, I thought I would write a little review. In Alien:Isolation you play as Amanda Ripley in search of her mother. You explore Sevastopol Station looking for the flight recorder of the Nostromo of the first Alien Film. But since it's an Alien game sooner or later things will start going wrong.First of all, this game is one of my favorite games of the last 5 years. Sega deserve all the respect in the world for making such a game. Especially in times of streamlining. Let alone for having the balls of making a niche game, Sega deservers your purchase. When was the last time you heard of a Triple A horror game?Now to the actual review. Firstly i would like to point out the atmosphere of the game, which is incredible thick and close to the first Alien movie by Ridley Scott. If you haven't seen it already check it out immediately. I recommend seeing it before playing the game. It will make your experience better, but it is not a must. It captures the spirit of the film effortlessly. Furthermore the game offers one of the best enviromental story telling that i have seen so far. The station kind of reminded of the USG Ishimura of Dead Space, so if you like that kind of look you will  enjoy it too.Gameplaywise imagen Amnesia: The Dark Descent, but with way better enemy A.I. and also normal enemies. The Alien behaves unpredictable and will keep you on the edge of your seat. It also interacts with normal enemies. The latter being really creepy looking and tough synthetics. They have this mannequin look, which is really freaky. I played it before Amnesia and i could not play it, because it was like playing a worse version of Alien:Isolation.Storywise the game is ok. But I must say it kept me going till the end.I heard a lot of compliants of people say this game would be too long. I can see the cirticism, because you might find the gameplay repetitive. But i had lot of fun exploring the Sevastopol Space Station, which kept me going and having fun till the end. Horrorwise it is more stonger at the beging because you learn how to behave when the alien is around, but I still liked it.I only can highly recommend this game and beg you to buy it. I wanna see a second part so bad and i think it's a shame that Sega sees the game as a finencial fail. Nevertheless in my opinion 50 bucks were well spend in this game. Thank for reading my review, hope you liked it. If you liked it comment me on my Steam Profil page just like many others already have done. If you didnot and want to insult me feel free to do so. Bye!"
76561197970323530,Recommended,214490,12399543,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,AthlonDude,"Better than Expected.  Graphics are good, Alien AI is good, atmosphere is very much like the movie Alien, scary.  On the downside Human and android AI is dumb as a brick, Minor intermittent bugs, motion gave me a headache, poor lip syncing, you die ALOT.  Over all its a good game, FAR mor epolished than Colonial Marines.  If you like survival horror and aliens this is the game for you"
,Recommended,214490,12392915,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Valentine,I took a shower with clothes on. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,25366180,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Λlρhα,"Just finished this materpiece and I recommend it for sure, amazing game and looks amazing on ultra graphics setting.One of the most scary games I have played (on par with Outlast although on a different style). You always have that feeling that you are not safe anywhere, always checking your back and hearing wierd noises from everywhere.Long game also, will get you lots of hours of fun, just have a few spare pants available and you are ready to go.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,31090741,Posted: 11 April,all,z085,"Visually stunning, and very suspenseful. Butt-clechings become the norm on Sevastopol."
76561197983966608,Recommended,214490,12403136,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Keith-Aindow,I forgive you Sega
,Recommended,214490,31424488,Posted: 28 April,all,Heatwave,Crouch-Simulator 3000
,Recommended,214490,25314228,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Instinct,"some tips for you, if you hear some noises, DONT LOOK BACK or UP, just run like crazy, find a locker and hide, and wait in fear for 20 hours and hope for evacuation, should be anytime soon now, im still waiting..."
,Recommended,214490,12560788,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Andy3X,On scale of 1 to♥♥♥♥♥♥Your Pants i rate this game Heart Attack Inevitable.
,Recommended,214490,24730900,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sherlock Kush,"If you like the original Alien (1979) movie then you will love this. Period.It's nostalgia at its absolute greatest.That said, even if you haven't seen the original movie or don't like it for some odd reason, this is a quality, well-built, suspenseful horror game. The mechanics are nice and clever, the gameplay is satisfying, and the visuals and 70's lo-fi feel are absolutely superb"
,Recommended,214490,29293361,Posted: 16 January,all,nermink,"The only horror game I keep getting back to.Upsides and what it does rightThis game does so many things right. The atmosphere is absolutely captivating. The sound design in combination with the 70's Sci-Fi aesthetics make it so haunting and fascinating, you'd wish a spaceship like this would exist. Creative Assembly perfectly recreated (and expanded) the looks of the Alien movies. The art team did a fantastic job. I found myself many times just looking at the rooms and details that they have filled it with.But where the game really shines is when the Alien is around. Everything gets taken up to eleven in terms of feel and atmosphere. And there's also pressure. Lots of pressure. While some websites talked about the game being worse when the Alien was around, due to its unpredictable behaviour and immortality, I couldn't disagree more. The goosepumps you get while trying to hack a door, while not knowing if the Alien is around is great. It's the positive kind of pressure. Barely being able to do something for the most time is one of the big pluses of this game. It's not like you are completely defenseless though. You can use Molotovs to scare it away or throw flares to distract it. But not more. It can't be killed, which is why the fear of it feels real and is apparent throughout the entire game. The items you can use have variety but all have the same effect in the end. Like I wrote earlier, the sound design is absolutely stellar. This applies to the Alien as well. The crawling vent sounds or the muffled sounds of the steps the Alien takes while you are hiding under a desk or in a locker, while getting louder with each step is a haunting experience.The AI of the Alien is also really, really good. It's unpredictable at times but also fair for the biggest part. You should invest some time since hiding takes up a good chunk of gameplay. Not having any quick save possibilities also add to the gameplay since you really want to survive just to get to the next save point. A bit frustrating at times but you'll forgive the game since it's so good.DownsidesHowever, there are some downsides to this game. They are mostly minor though.I'm not exactly a fan of Amanda's voice actress. I think she's trying but I found her voice to not be a perfect choice. She's just fine. It could have been better.The gameplay with the androids is not really fun. Partially because they are not great to fight against/deal with. Most of the time you are running from them (like the Alien) but I simply found the levels with androids to be less fun to play, since there are mostly many of them in a single level. And maybe because seeing them smiling while they choke you to death is rather infuriating.The campaign feels artificially extended. You could just feel that the story was written for a 8-10 hours experience, the game however went into the 12-14 hours route. You could see this as a negative (or positive), I enjoyed playing it for a longer period despite realizing that it could have been shorter and thus more focused. The story is also not that great. A company in the background wants the Alien and manipulated the androids to turn against the people. Not many huge surprises during the game. Standard Alien stuff.Other things that could have been improved: Hacking, it's okay but gets tiring after while because of the missing variety. The facehuggers are trial-and-error sometimes, since they pop up out of nowhere at parts and you have to be very quick or it's suddenly game over. Characters are mostly  pale, but you do end up liking some such as Ricardo and Samuels but overall they are rather weak. Gameplay and atmosphere dominate while story and characters are more in the background.Overall: Highly recommended, especially for horror fans. Buy it and we might see an Alien Isolation 2 even if the chances are really low, according to Sega."
,Recommended,214490,18864639,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,routeshell,"I'm not into horror stuff these days, getting old and all.. but this one is a true gem.Here's my two cents:- Played it first time on Nightmare. Should've gone for 100 deaths achievement.- I honestly hate Xenomorph now. Like, pure, evil hate. I wish it dies horrible, horrible death. Many, MANY times.- The atmosphere is relentless. As much as I love space - screw space travel and space exploration, really. You wanna know what it feels like to be millions of light years away from Earth on a gigantic space station floating around some far distant gas giant? This is your game.- Movie fans will be delighted.- Optimization and graphics are superb. Same as voice acting. And sound design. And pretty much everything else.- I think I have finally got some silver in my hair.- Easily the best game of the franchise.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again."
,Recommended,214490,26228106,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,The Dandy,"It's like they made a simulator for the original alien movie.no, that's literally what this game feels like it's supposed to be. ""alien simulator"" complete with being stalked across sevastopol station by one of the SINGLE most terrifying aliens in gaming.this right here, this'll make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself in terror.well played."
,Recommended,214490,13992941,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Zeko Rena,"Sat in a corner for ages, finnaly moved, saw the Alien and ALT+F4'dWill try again when drunk"
,Recommended,214490,25505903,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Goregonzola,Adult diapers required.
,Recommended,214490,34046443,Posted: 5 August,all,ColtsBlaZer,"This is the best survival horror game i've ever played!It's story line was exciting and thrilling to the end, with amazing visual graphics and captivating gameplay with each mission. You get a great feeling of fear when the alien and androids were around trying to find you, causing you to make drastic decisions in order to survive the level.The sound design played a key aspect to this fear you develop, aswell as having to use your survival tools to find or lure away the alien. Even if you're not a huge fan of horror games; like myself, you still have a driving passion to complete the game as you are given ways to help you escape the grasps of the alien, without just having to run and hide from it.What I would have liked to have seen after the game released, would have been a DLC that was maybe another storyline happening around the same time as you were on the ship, like the first Outlast game did with the Whistle Blower DLC they released. As I wanted to play more of the game, without having to play from the beginning again.Overall a 9/10 for this game!!"
,Recommended,214490,12390524,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Artenge,"Great game so far, havent run into any bugs or problems as of yet (will keep posted). The game really does have good graphics without being too demanding of your PC but lip sync does leave much to be desired. As a game it has done a great job of keeping suspense without losing its Alien feel even though I haven't encountered the Alien after playing the game for 1+/- hours. I still feel as though it is following me wherever I go and it may jump out at any moment but it doesnt, making me feel safe, but I am sure that when I least expect it, it will show itself.The crafting system is really easy to use by clicking the materials needed to create the item then clicking a button to create it so you review what items you are using and won't accidentally create an item and lose a material you needed for something else.The missions I have played so far are easy but a bit unclear as where to go, you have to check your map a bit too often but that may play a role in the game later. So it may be a bit hard for a person who doesn't play this type of game too often.(Tangable Review, may change over the course of playthrough). Game time when posted: 1.1 hours."
76561197972720910,Recommended,214490,30384462,Posted: 7 March,all,MaYzE,"You know that feeling you got as a kid when you felt something was behind you trying to grab you?  This game does, and it brought that same sense of dread back to me as an adult.  Who knew something as simple as entering a vent could cause me to much anxiety.If you like stealth and horror, you will like this game.  The sounds, the noises, the lighting.  All of this was well done in this title.  Everything is out to get you, and you feel like it's hopeless.  And it often will be as you may die a lot.  Nothing sucks more then thinking you are safe, firing up the torch to open a panel, or seeing a save area, and then hearing a bunch of banging followed by imminent death.If you have the patience, which I do not, this game is worth playing through in it's entirety.  I made it about 2/3 through before I had to fire up a trainer to assist with certain spots so I could see the story line through.  Hats off to anyone who could do this one on nightmare mode.  This game is worth the pick up for those who play games with the lights off and the sound loud.  Keep a change of underwear close by.... you'll need it."
,Recommended,214490,12398871,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Lots of cool mechanics, lenghty, beautiful and full of suspense. It may not be your jumpscare game of the month, but it feels like the best extension the original movie can get. If your an Alien fan, get it and you won't regret a thing."
,Recommended,214490,12405720,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,SuperSweetSucc,This game was a instant must buy when I seen the trailer. I loved the Aliens franchise and I played all the games. After the disapointment Colonisl Marines was I had lost hope in Aliens. But this game is what the series had cried for. A survival horror that doesn't make you rely on guns but rely on wits and stealth. Resources are scarce so use them wisely. The atmosphere is incredible and the graphics look amazing. This is game is worth the $ 50 that I paid.
,Recommended,214490,30892013,Posted: 1 April,all,GrizzlyOne95,"It took me quite a while to work through Alien Isolation, mainly because the gameplay was very different than I'm used to. For one, I had to adjust to the whole stealth/sneaking aspect. Rarely do you have the firepower to deal with threats, and after playing Doom or KF2, this was a dramatic shift.That said, after completing the story, I loved this game. The slow, plodding, and suspenseful gameplay was extremely well done. The ever-present, sinking horror of the alien and encounters with other enemies keeps the game very tense until literally the last few seconds of the game, and I breathed a very huge sigh of relief upon completing it (similar to Dead Space).This is a horror/survival game well done. The crafting is simple and not over-complicated (I hate complicated crafting). The combat is very satisfying if you ever have the right tools to do so. I highly recommend Alien: Isolation if you enjoy horror, space, first person games."
,Recommended,214490,34419744,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr.Squishy Ginger™,Easily the best Alien game ever.
,Recommended,214490,29410663,Posted: 21 January,all,PaLe_,Stuck inside a locker most of the time. brings back memories from my school!10/10
76561197992745674,Recommended,214490,29647024,Posted: 2 February,all,Jawn,"Alien: Isolation is principally a stealth-based adventure game which sees you playing Ellen Ripley's daughter trying to figure out what happened to her mother's ill-fated trip. Because you cannot kill the alien, you have to scare it off with fire (either through flame-throwers or molotov cocktails that you can craft from supplies that you scavenge) or hide. This means that you have to make as little noise as possible as you creep between different hiding spots, such as hiding in lockers or under desks and gurneys. Some of the best moments in the game is trying to figure out when to leave a hiding spot when you have limited ammunition and you can hear the alien scuttling about in the ducts before suddenly dropping down onto the floor :DWhile the game has some scripted moments to connect the levels together, in general the alien isn't scripted. It will hunt you by listening, looking and smelling for you. At some points you have to hold your breath and lean back in the closet if it gets too close....The game is impeccably well made. The alien is extremely impressive and the sound, ship design and props look eactly like the set design from the original Alien movie.The only slight disadvantage of the game is that the hiding got a little repetive near the end. Yes, there were some additional challenges, but I felt the game dragged on slightly too long near the end. However, overall I would say that the game was great fun and well worth playing."
,Recommended,214490,22667882,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FOXDIE,"+Great graphics,+Great atmosphere,-Weird save system9,5/10 gameVery highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,28767914,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Colonel_47,"Super fun game, I'm sometimes too scared to play. If you like the alien franchise, horror games, or just the horror genre in general do yourself a favor and buy this. Seriously not enough people have played this and it would be great if it could get a sequel. Extremely fun. 39.99 is a bit much, but on sale this is a no-brainer. It's a love letter to the original alien and it receives my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,214490,13198598,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,MattFiler,"From start to finish, the atmosphere of this game is superb, the set design is very detailed and interesting which helps to make the experience have some decent replay value which is good for a horror/survival game. Collectibles (some of which in this game are very worth looking out for) and achievements also invite you to play multiple times if you're interested in those.Talking of replay value, the AI of the Xenomorph works on a random path meaning that it is different every time you replay sections which sometimes happens often, due to Alien/synthetic/human related deaths. The randomness of the AI really helps to push the game along and keep you playing. It can be so scary sometimes because there is no way of predicting what he will do next. All my time in-game and modding, I still get scared when the Alien drops down!I love the idea of the save stations. It's a controversial game mechanic for some, but it makes the game a lot more challenging and really gives you a sense of achievement when you spot one lurking at the end of the corridor. The worst feeling in the world is being killed as you save though, so make sure to stay quiet!I previously had this game on the Xbox 360 and have just played through on the Xbox One as well. The console experience of this game was great but the graphics were significantly reduced. One thing worth noting between the next-gen console and PC versions is that there are some differences in the game, worryingly with the next-gen console version getting some more in-game animated screens and interactive objects than the PC version. From a technical point of view, this is due to the fact that The Creative Assembly exported the final PC build incorrectly. It's set in the same optimisation group as previous-gen consoles meaning that these in-game effects that next-gen consoles get are disabled (even though the graphics options are better on PC). Not exactly a deal-beaker, especially how cheap the game is on Steam in the sales, but worth mentioning. Also worth mentioning that this issue is Windows only.I love this game (not only do I have my Steam hour count but I've also played through on Xbox One, Xbox 360 and have done hundreds of hours of modding), although it's not all praise. The game, as everything does, has its downsides.The synthetics are really frustrating at times and can almost ruin the atmosphere, they increase the difficulty so high at points that it takes your focus away from the stealth element since you are forced to sprint away from them, but sometimes this can then end in death by the Xenomorph. I wouldn't say that the game is ever too hard, things are pretty well balanced, but there are definitely some areas that seem unfair.Alongside this, talking of other AIs, the humans can be quite useless sometimes. They seem to infinitely shoot towards your location even if you are hidden behind something that the bullets cannot penetrate through, their speech also seems to be very limited if you're around them for a while - I heard them repeat the same thing numerous times which really takes you out of the game. There are a nice range of animations for the humans though and some areas of the game give the humans some interesting dialogue (mission 7 for example) which really can help to build the game world.There are some things that can be a bit immersion-breaking. For example, when you kill humans they drop their weapons however you can't pick them up. You do get weapons later in the game, but early on in mission 3 you have the opportunity to kill humans but you can't take their weapons. It's not a massive deal but it can be frustrating if you're in a bad situation.Something that a lot of reviewers have complained about is the revising of areas multiple times. I never really found this to be a problem myself as when you revisit areas in the campaign, they're normally slightly different. You can choose to backtrack to get collectibles, but that's optional and you're not forced to.Some level design problems can be found in-game like joins between models leaving gaps into space, but this is not a major issue and I've only spotted two or three in-game when purposefully looking for them. Although some levels can be repetitive in the models and designs, this is acceptable due to the setting and the detail is really quite awesome.If they do make a sequel to this game (please!), hopefully they will explain the ending. I kinda like how it's open to your own interpretation at the end of Isolation but I think after such a long campaign centering on Amanda getting closure, it should really have been handled better.Moaning over, this game is definitely worth a play - but you should have some kind of understanding of the Alien/Aliens films to get the connection between Amanda and Ellen for some emotional scenes to pay off. It's not needed, but definitely helps for some plot aspects.9/10 - would most definitely of been a 10 if we had official mod tools!TL;DR: Very good game, definitely worth a purchase if you enjoy survival horror, sci-fi or Alien."
,Recommended,214490,31730338,Posted: 13 May,all,Isador,"What do you do if you can not defeat the enemy, outrun or intimidate him?Alien Isolation will offer you this opportunity.Alien's AI is greatly done and will never behave the same way.For stealth fans and the Alien series.As someone said, ""This game is a prequel for 5 minutes of cuts from movie Aliens when Ellen Ripley learns that her daughter has died on Earth.""For me 9/10!"
76561198043449231,Recommended,214490,29245153,Posted: 14 January,all,Ecclesia86,"Read alot of reviews, both negative and positive, about the game and decided to confirm / debunk some points made by others.Walking simulator? No, it's alot more than that.Buggy? The game is 99.99% bug free. I only encountered one camera angle issue which was resolved easily.Extremely scary horror game? There are scarier games, that's true. Still, there are some exceptionally scary moments in this game (both scripted and non-scripted). It takes a while for the Alien to make its appearance (as to be expected, so this is no spoiler really), some people find the game before that happens boring, but this period simply sets up the atmosphere and the story.About halfway throughout the game you find a means to at least combat the Alien a bit better (not kill it, not fight it, just... have it take a chill pill) and it is this moment where the game changes from a hide/seek game to a being chased / hunted (some people use the word 'annoyed', which I can understand) game, where you can easily see the gameplay and level design are built around the fact you no longer have to hide constantly from the Alien (though it's still highly recommended).Another complaint I read alot about this game is the length and the way it's made to be a long game. Single player adventure is about 20-25 hours first playthrough (assuming it is blind, and you take your time to investigate every cabinet and computer, get a good grip on the story, backstory, etc.) on Normal/Hard difficulty. Recommended first playthrough is on Normal, after that Hard is a worth a try. Differences are most about the occurrence of Alien leaving the vents to try a more 'hands-on' approach to find you. On Easy he hardly makes an appearance (which in a way makes the game more scary I guess), on Hard he will be constantly in your face, obstructing your route to the next waypoint (which will end up to annoy you more than scare you, especially after halfway throughout the game when you found a way to deal with the Alien  more directly. You will be saying 'Get the hell outta my way, you idiot' more often than 'omg, the horror!')Anyway, about the length: it's true that right towards the end the game exhausts you a bit with the Alien pop-ups, but still, the story is interesting to keep you going to the end. Also, the story fools you quite a few times thinking it's the end, but no... more stuff to explore and do before you are safe. Again, this was a complaint by some people, I can understand it, even though I didn't experience it that badly.Graphics and audio are excellent, not just from a technical view but also from a scenic view. The game is a TRUE homage to the first Alien movie, and also gets some inspiration from the second movie (both story and location wise, sort to speak). Smoke from vents, creepy shadows from lights, beeps from computers, it all fits together.If you loved the Alien movies (especially the first and second) this game is a must have. If you loved other horror games, you will like this as well."
,Not Recommended,214490,15875305,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Cirrus,"I had really high hopes for Alien isolation, and I did complete the game, however it was immensely frustrating, and with some questionable game design choices, I ended up with not really liking the game all too much.The graphics in this game are really nice, and I started out liking it, but my liking for the game deteriorated as I played.It's fine that the game is supposed to be a survival/horror game, but there was too many things that broke the immersion for me when I played this game.The first time when I really got annoyed, was when I killed one of the survivors (evil survivors) and the survivor dropped his revolver on the floor. I could see the revolver, I could kick it around, but I could not pick it up. Being a survival game, you would think my character would do just this, but no, it had to lay here, because I hadn't ""discovered the gun yet"". If they didn't want me to have a gun at this stage of the game, then don't give me mobs with guns.About 20 minutes later, I found a gun on a table that I was allowed to pick up....Eventually you do encounter the Alien, and after that, it will never leave your side ever again. Like a crazy ex girlfriend. You're on a station with a lot of survivors. Everything from people sitting and sulking in a corner, to more heavily armed ones. However, mr. Alien only wants to follow Riply wherever she goes. It doesn't matter if you take trains, elevators, space shuttles, it's always there when the game loads.And this leads to the repetetivess of the game. Which basically boils down to:- Walk into new area- If alien drops down, crouch behind chair, wait for alien to go back into his ventilation shaft.- Continue walking- Repeat steps 2, 3 for as many times as it takes to get to your destination.- If alien sees you, and you do not have flamethrower, esc-load game. If you have flamethrower, do a couple of bursts to make the alien go back into his vent- Don't walk under vents, even if you are positive you spotted the alien 50m behind you 1 second ago, it can most certainly be in that vent right now.There will be some areas where you have the alien and humans at the same time, however the alien will never actively hunt the other humans, unless it tries to find you, and runs into one of them.If you are in an area where the alien is scripted out, it will of course never appear.If you run into androids, and the alien is not around, just ignore them and outrun them for the most part.In this sense the game is very very linear, and absolutely everything you do is scripted down to the smallest thing. The alien will either be there, and never leave. Or not be there, and never appear. It never ""roams"" the station. Either it's there, and you have to deal with it constantly, or it's never there.As i mentioned above, the game can also be divided into pre and post flamethrower. Before the flamethrower, you're at the mercy of the alien. And especially in the med-bay map, you will have to come to terms with dying a lot. Just save as often as humanly possible, and esc-load if you are spotted.After the flame-thrower, just make the alien go back to his vent with flames, or if it's very obvious it's going away soon, just crouch behind a chair for a short while.*ending spoiler*At the end of this game, I must say that beating at this game for 15 hours, left me feeling rather empty with the ending. Finally the station is coming apart, and I enter the ship again. Only to be faced with yet another alien, and just airlocked back into space where the game ends... I guess it's getting ready for a sequel, but for me, I wanted at least some sort of cutscene, some sort of conclusion. However, what I got was a few seconds of headlights.Finally I will say that, even though this game could have been so much better, if I were to give it a 1-10 rating, it would be approximately 4. It's not horrible, it's not completely broken, it's just wasted potential imo, and even though it frustrated me a lot, I still played it though. Something I wouldn't do if it was completely horrible :p"
,Recommended,214490,12392604,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Private 1st Class Jeffrey Bison,"If you're an Alien fan, you'll love it!"
,Recommended,214490,12393753,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Darth Biomech,"I have not gone too far into game yet, but for all accounts it is feels like a first movie. CRT screens, recogniseble designs... Awesome."
,Recommended,214490,33042482,Posted: 30 June,all,ᴇᴅᴅ【ℓ ღℓ i】™,Absolutely love this game!! Just finished it for the 3rd time and I still have the urge to play it again!! Story is well written!! Graphics are stunningly detailed!! Atmosphere is so tense that it makes you feel very uneasy especially when trying to sneak past the alien and the androids. IMO the atmosphere of Alien Isolation is something that any of the horror game developers should learn to create.10/10 would recommend it <3
76561198158383977,Recommended,214490,31543035,Posted: 4 May,all,ShaggyFish,"*Possible Spoilers*I'm hiding in the server room listening for the alien. I have my flame thrower and I'm walking towards my destination, I hear movement to my right, I turn the corner very quietly -nothing- (whew) I keep moving then suddenly an android pops around the next corner, I instantly torched him (bad mistake) now he's mad, I start sprinting (another bad mistake) I hear the alien drop out of the vents! I'm sprinting and shaking and somehow laughing uncontrollably while torching everything I see. then I get eaten.11/10 would replace my mouse and pants again"
,Recommended,214490,12679535,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Zac Starfire,Alien Isolation is an epicly awesome game!Takes me back to when I first saw Alien and Aliens movies as a kid.Even creates the same nightmarish tension I experienced first reading Alien the book!Excellent adrinalinistic survival fight or flight experience!
,Recommended,214490,23779120,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ZekeWatts13,ROSES ARE REDVIOLETS ARE BLUEWHERE IN THE HECK IS ALIEN ISOLATION 2?!?!
76561197964649651,Recommended,214490,12389946,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[SLAV.ZONE] ницек,"Played 1 hour.. need new heart and pants also i´m hearing nosies everywere..10/10 Game. Play with the finest headphones you can get Audio is Superb visuals is a treat.This game delivers what I was hoping for, hope the story works to the end.Also using the xbox 360 controller is the preferd way to play this game.5 Hours update, AI and scripting has some flaws stuck at some parts with ""trial and error gameplay"" had to replay an entire level to get beyond some AI. -1 for linear sulutions early in game, Story still holds.10 Hour update, Story still holds and game is so scary that I get so stressed out and have to play with long pauses, Got stuck in game because of that and need to overcome the fear of the alien and learn how to trick it instead of it making cheeseburgers of my brain.9/10 This game is best played with adultdiapers and chestpads on standby."
76561198088598596,Recommended,214490,33918517,Posted: 30 July,all,TheWolfFromFire™ hellcase.com,I'm too scared to play this game...
,Recommended,214490,30978339,Posted: 6 April,all,Gamejack,"I am now really good at hiding in cupboards. And cowering.Alien: Isolation is one of the best and most terrifying and most exhilarating game experiences that I've had for years. Stranded on the crumbling deep-space outpost Sevastopol, you must sneak or fight your way through civilians, androids and the, erm, Alien, and find a way to get back to your own ship. The civilians are armed and nervous, the androids are merciless, and the Alien is a ruthless pain in the neck.Everything about this game is beautifully made. The controls are complicated, but well though out, and you're introduced to the mechanics fluently and naturally. The design is lovely, from the flickering video messages to the engineering of the station itself, and lighting is used incredibly. In fact, the lighting may be one the very best features of the game; whether you're hiding in it or getting lost in it, it creates an atmosphere of constant tension and mystery. The characters and weaponry are also really good to look at.Now, the main thing you'll be doing in this game is hiding from the Alien. And you need to hide, because it is brutal and fast and clever. This means that whole chunks of the game are spent in terror-filled suspense, ducking and diving between inadequate hiding spots and plotting routes through the areas. Certain tasks require you to be exposed for a while, and the panic as you hear the Alien getting closer to your position is something I've felt in very few games.My minor problems with the game are that the missions are somewhat repetitive, and the later equipment just takes the edge off slightly, but neither stopped me from eagerly completing the game.Basically a classic, and highly recommended.If you fancy it, you can see me trembling with fearhere."
,Recommended,214490,13469438,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DazzaLCFC,"I had some doubts about this one, recent games of this type have been awful and i had little hope. It has been given a great deal of hype. The game is an unusual one, it is not a shooter, thats for sure, the crafting is shallow at best. However, as a survival horror, it excels. I have not regretted its purchase at all. Despite a few glitches - nothing major, the game is exceptional. Don't expect to run around shooting etc. There are times of frustration, but as with many games, revisiting areas etc are the key and can fix times where you 'hit the wall'. I recommend this one, get it during the sale. You won't regret it. Oh, and yes it is actually scary."
,Recommended,214490,15095090,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,The Galaxywalker,"Well... I have to wear a diaper because i am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself constantly. This says everything??I also love the outlast, dead space mix.10/10i have to change my diaper again.. -.-"
,Recommended,214490,30116862,Posted: 23 February,all,Powered By Renault,"Everything about this game is very good, if not perfect.The universe itself is easy to get into, realistic, and frightening.The gameplay feels really good, leaving you in a weak state, but not without a few tools and weapons to get you out of a sticky situation.The rooms are large and diverse, leaving you a lot of choice on how you tackle the ennemies and problems.The graphics are perfect, and the game is very well optimized. I play at downscaled 4K, Ultra, and I still haven't seen anything other than 60 FPS.The sounds are very well made, immersing you and making you feel like you're in Sevastopol, with a orchestral score that will remind you of the movies.I haven't made it far in the story, but so far it's engaging and plausible, making you discover a haunted station, struggling to survive.10/10, would recommend for anyone looking for a good, quality Scare, Get it at full price."
,Recommended,214490,12976805,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TrucksMcGee,"A love letter to a place and time.  Wonderfully crafted environments, compelling story, tense and challenging gameplay.  Not just a GOTY candidate but one of my favorite games of all time.  A classic I will come back to for years."
,Recommended,214490,12393566,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,mhofever,"After completing the game and the Crew Expendables DLC, here's my re-review.I consider this game to be one of the great GOTY contendors of this year and possibly one of the best survival horror games that actually make me fear for every second I was in the game. I never felt safe no matter what. If i was on the computer terminal , I was nowhere near safe. If I tried to save the game, I kept looking right and left to make sure it was clear. But then again, who knows, you might have an alien tentacle pierced through your chest.Amanda Ripley has gone through way worse♥♥♥♥♥♥than her mother did, that I can be sure of, first hand experience. The developers do so well to recreate the old film's atmosphere by putting the player's in the shoes of the actual survivor. You are not safe.  You have to look behind your back every once in a while. You have to hide. You have to survive!Some complain about it's length but I think the length for a triple A game like this is done right. I've played 22 hours on Hard on the main campaign and it has been very challenging for me. While the DLC doesn't offer long content, it definitely satisfies your sadistic needs of being controlled by fear.If you want the maximum experience, play this game with headphones on in a dark room, just like you would with other horror games. Only this time, the environment (and of course the alien) makes you jump."
76561198069373919,Recommended,214490,31747500,Posted: 14 May,all,Frank  J. Underwood,"Alien: Isolation is one of the best games that i have ever play .The recommend it difficulty is hard and the story gameplay ( at this difficulty ) is about 20-25 hrs ( depends on the players skills) .1. The story is great. After the first 2 missions you will be addicted to the game .2. Graphics are just great ( i have a stable 59-60 FPS  with GTX 750 and i7 )3. The Xenomorph is so well designed and  the AI is almost perfect4.Great SoundtrackAlien : Isolation is a Horror/survival/sthaelth game . You will be hunt by the Alien for the whole story and you will die a lotI complete the game on Hard difficulty and i enjoy it so much . Yes it is difficult , yes it is scary , yes you will find levels that you will not know what  you have to do ( just dont make noice ) . There are few save points ( 30 min + of progress) .If you like realism ( "") , sthaelth/survival/ horror games and the Alien movies then you have to buy it and you will enjoy it .(oh and in this isnt FPS game )I would recommend it 100% (11/10 )Signing offRipley"
76561198066129964,Recommended,214490,12390761,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Gartho,In the short time ive played this game it has honestly scared me so much! Even the small hiss of the alien makes me stop in real life and then the reaction carries on to the game. It sends fear through me at all times! The alien is very smart and is really not the type of AI to be messed with. This truly is the Alien game we have always wanted. The enviornment of the game suits the Alien more than it suits us so I really felt that I was trespassing on it's territory the entire time and I had to choose every action wisely. Even the slight bump against the wall of your player can get you killed. Never have I felt so scared in a video and there is nothing better than for it to feature the classic Alien from the movies. Well done SEGA and CA you really have done it this time!(Update)  Now that ive p-layed more into the campaign and survivor mode ive realised that this really is an amazing game. It makes you lean round every corner your passing in-game by physically doing it in real life lol! Although I agree with most people about the lip sync on characters but that dosen't stop me from continuing this game. Each time ive played it it has never failed to suprise me and yes IGN ive been playing on hard mode..... But honestly if you weren't sure about this game I can tell you that it deserves a space in you steam cart!9/10(The 1 point is missing due to no coop but other than that 10/10!)
,Recommended,214490,30157510,Posted: 24 February,all,King Bradley,"Genre: HorrorThis game has some decent gameplay, okay story, but seriously amazing AI of all enemies. Gameplay is mostly stealth, where you at first need to avoid some human/android enemies, unitl you of course meet the main enemy, Alien, the perfect organism. Alien's AI is outstanding. This is of course when you play the game on hard. It will notice you for sure if you don't hide. Alien can hear you easily, it can hear the sound of your movement detector, if you sprint well you're doomed. Missions 5,6 are the best missions of this game, since in those two missions you're helpless, you need to hide unless you want to die. If Alien spots you, you're dead, you can't hide when it starts running toward you. However, I am a bit disappointed with this game, because of the fact that when you get flamethrower and molotov coctails, game gets way easier, and less fun that it was honestly, at least in my opinion. Mission 10 is also quite good. You can use vents in this game, however Alien can also kill you in vents if it sees you going into them, or if it hears you. As for story, it's quite simple, but good enough for this game. It's outstandingly optimized, and this is well known. Game has an amazing graphics too.Verdict:Decent gameplay, simple, but okay story, outstanding AI and the optimization, and amazing graphics.Personal rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,214490,12393757,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Effin Jeffin,"I cannot over exaggerate how awesome alien isolation is, they have got every detail from the original movies and used it in alien isolation, the horror is right on. you feel like you are in an alien movie, so if you are a fan of the alien movies then I highly recommend this game to you :D"
,Recommended,214490,12468542,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Heavyline,Ever wanted to know how it feels like to outsmart H. R. Giger's creation? Then this is the game for you. Hardest difficulty is highly recommended if you want the most intense experience!
76561198035693499,Recommended,214490,12393994,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,JediJoe22,Nailed it.
76561198051534062,Recommended,214490,16042943,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Yrthen,This game makes my nipples so hard they could cut through glass
76561198115046591,Recommended,214490,23643051,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,[LYF]Hugo Stiglitsky,+very scary+awesome atmosphere/graphics+good story+Very good PC port-Working Joe's-Lip syncing
76561197968335774,Recommended,214490,12410214,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jonboy,"Tense , atmospheric and truely terrifying. An amazing game thats true to the film."
76561198151869550,Recommended,214490,31327274,Posted: 23 April,all,Bravenrace,"This is one of the most immersive and atmospheric games I have ever played. Without relying on a bunch of cut scenes and triggered events, this game feels very cinematic. It definitely does the alien movies justice.  The graphics are great and I have not once had any performance issues whatsoever.  It is always a plus on the PC to play a multiplatform game with no interruptions from bugs or due to performance issues.  This is a very well made game with an intriguing plot that is benefitted by having watched the original Alien movies but is not necessary to enjoy it."
,Recommended,214490,15118518,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Allison! [deaf],"Reviews for the Deaf and Hard of HearingOverall Rating: 7/10Gameplay Rating: 7/10Accessibility Rating: 7/10NotesOverall rating is a combination of the gameplay (mechanics and story) and accessibility (how the game includes deaf/hoh gamers).If you disagree with my take on the game or if something is factually incorrect, please leave a comment below!General GameplayAlien: Isolation is a stealth-based horror game.  In trying to work your way through the game's objectives, it forces you to balance running away from enemies with trying not to attract the alien by making so much noise.From the beginning, this game plays with light and shadow to make the environment very tense.  For HoH gamers, the game adds to tension with sounds designed to make you question how safe you are.There are slightly creative solutions for getting past evil robots and other challenges, but once they see you, the AI gets a little weird and they just hang out for you to come out of hiding.Whether deaf, hoh, or hearing, if you are a fan of psychological horror, this game will definitely deliver.Rated 7 because of occasionally silly AI and occasional lack of clarity of mission objectives.  (This crosses the line a little between ""the gamer can figure it out"" and ""we just won't help you at all"")Deaf/hoh gamers, be sure to read below.ReplayabilityA:I seems like a relatively scripted game, so it is may be very similar from one play to the next.  Still, it is challenging enough as it is, so may be worth the challenge on a second game at a higher difficulty.General AccessibilityAccessibility Options- You CAN edit options before going in to the game.- Gamers with mobility issues can rebind keys to accomodate needs.  ""Peek"" and ""Reload"" must be held rather than toggled, so keep that in mind.- HoH gamers can change sound effects volume and music volume separately.Subtitles & CaptionsPros:- Subtitles are easy to read and in good position on the lower part of the screen.- For HoH gamers, voice memos and tapes have subtitles and a timer to indicate when the recording is done playing.Cons:- This game only offers subtitles, NOT captions.- Subtitles do not indicate who is talking.** Deaf gamers: no captions makes this game more challenging.  The stealth aspect means you must completely avoid bad guys, robots, and the alien.  It IS playable, but you may die a few times from not seeing something at first.**Rated 7/10 for lack of captions vs subtitles.  This is significant since game relies on situational awareness.Chatting/CommunicatingSingle player game; no chatting.---Visit Games Reviews for the Deaf/HoHhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/gamereviewsforthedeaf"
76561198020010112,Recommended,214490,12391710,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,V for Vendetta,"Just started playing and boy im happy I pre-ordered, I guess lots of sleepless nights ahead playing this game. The alien AI is spot on and you are never sure which corner it is lurking behind.This is the alien game I have been waiting for.The music is fantastic and draws you into the game (just like the first film), graphics are great, the detail of the ships interior is faithful to the film.I have heard people complain that its repetative, however survival horror games are by nature, COD players wont like this game as its not about getting as many kills, its about surviving, which I love.In short, best game I have played this year, and yes even better than outlast.If you are unsure you will like, wait for awhile until the price comes down, if your an Alien fan or survival horror fan, buy it at full price, as you wont be disappointed.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12475177,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Duckytainian,Lets just say my pants are full of brown stuff
,Recommended,214490,33154076,Posted: 2 July,all,Pajamei,Pros:• Scary• Good graphics• Neat storyCons:• You'll need a change of pants
,Recommended,214490,17771779,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Impetus,"I loved this game, great atmosphere, good audio and gameplay, the AI is clever. Gets really intense/scary, very true to the first Alien movie. But i think it would benefit from being a little shorter, but thats not a big issue.If you like sci-fi, space, Alien franchise, horror/survival games you should definitely get this game.8.5/10(i have finished this game just not on steam)"
76561197962336211,Recommended,214490,15077289,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Fjällflugan,"its not 2 spooky 4 me, its 8 spooky 16 me !10/10"
,Recommended,214490,12393986,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,LawDog,So Alien Isolation is absolutely terrifying. I was so tense after my first encounter with the alien I had to stop playing just to relax. This has to be the perfect alien game.
,Recommended,214490,31687705,Posted: 11 May,all,Daddy Creampuff,"This is one of the best first person horror games out there. Alien: Isolation is definitely a landmark in the franchise (and genre). Personally, it is my favorite Alien game to date. It forces you to get creative in avoiding enemies and advancing to the next stage and successfully makes you feel like a part of the Alien universe. Sevastopol is any Alien fan's dream vaca destination.Pros:-Oh god that AI! Tut-tut.-Adrenaline-inducing-Homages to Prometheus-Challenging gameplay-A++ Graphics-It isn't overly frightening, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥-Plenty of replayabilityCons:-Not buying this game-Being in a state of panic will cause you to overlook items/locations/blueprints-No one can hear you scream"
,Recommended,214490,12415532,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Nikout,"If you like spooks and you are a fan of H.R. Giger's true design of his xenomorph and you loved the old alien movie with Sigourney Weaver, this game is for you.That's not the alien that spooks most of a time, but atmosphere, and you better be aware of it. This guy can get you from nowhere, and you can use him as a weapon if other threats than him stop you, just do a noise, hide and he will clean the path for you."
,Recommended,214490,12392751,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cerb,"Very atmospheric, best played in the dark, scary as hell :) A must have game"
76561197972837061,Recommended,214490,12732498,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,phox,"Hiding in lockers gives you the time you need to go have a smoke, make a sandwhich, call your mom. Thats good game life balance right there..."
76561198020895205,Recommended,214490,12392687,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,♘Stryder♘,"Okay, final review: 9/10.Finally, a good alien game! Everything is almost perfect about it. the 80s style atmosphere, the story, the suspense, the characters. We know the story, blah,blah,blah! Amanda goes to find the whereabouts of her mother when things go wrong. Suddenly you're trying to survive from other survivors to maddening androids that wanna talk about saftey while choking the life out of you. And the Alien. I must say, CA did awesome on the alien. It stalks you, it scares you, it helps you when you are in a fight with other survivors by killing them all then coming back after you. The music matches the suspense as you hide in a locker or storage bin as the alien looms closer to you. What i love about it the most is how it reacts to you when you pull out the flamethrower. It runs full speed then raises it's arm and hissing in defiance as you taunt it by firing at it. Now people say the alien is OP because its faster than you, has better senses than the humans/ androids, and cannot be killed. It is a perfect organism as Ash explained. Plus, you're a civilian engineer, not a marine, not Ellen Ripley, and not a Predator. And perhaps the guns at that time wasn't able to handle a xenomorph(remember Aliens took place 57 years after Alien).The Crew Expendable DLC is nice, but short. You can pick Dallas, Parker, or Ripley. I guess Lambert was out because you would probably hear her complain all over the place. Ash is still a♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game. The airshaft part is scary because you hear the sounds of the alien coming at you but you don't know where and when, along with Lambert giving you the directions and panicking.The only complaint is no multiplayer. I would have loved to see that. I mean like 3 people trying to escape and 1 person playing as the alien trying to kill the other 3. as for the 3 people: 1 could be a tracker, holding the tracking device to see where the alien is gonna come. Another can be the bruiser or assault, having guns and such to fight off other survivors or andriods. And the engineer, the person that can hack/break through the doors equipped with the flamethrower and craft stuff to give to the other 3 survivors. That is just my idea.I highly recommend it to alien fans and survivor horror fans. Personally, ignore the negativity that say its overhyped or bad, whatever. We have not had a good Aliens game since AVP 2 and that was 12 years ago(well there was that one for DS. Pretty neat game.).  Aliens:Colonial Marines wasn't only a giant disappointment, but a insult to every alien fan. Im very curious about the other dlcs. will we play as newt as she try to survives against the aliens in lv-426? A what if scenario where amanda and ellen ripley meet? Or a dlc where we play as the alien itself?"
,Recommended,214490,23719046,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,🌹 Vanquisher 🌹,The ultimate space experience! A definitive masterpiece.
,Recommended,214490,18886170,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,๖ۣۜ𝓜ίςк 𝓿.๖ۣۜƊ,A Horrorschocker as it should be.Exciting and many shocking moments.A must for every fan Alien ..!
,Recommended,214490,12498749,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ROW,"Spine tinglzorzmaxamus. Feel it, live it, inhale it and become Amanda. Watch those corners,wall openings. roof vents, dark spots...wait....what was that sound?...I cant stay for long.....i...i think it knows im here.10/10 awsome fear monster of a game ""IDLE™""1/10 made me wet my self and now have to buy new pc chair. ""IDLE™""11/10 dident turn into the other ""aliens"" games and stands apart, if u are put off by the other games fear not. this stands alone and does for horror gaming what the 1st ALIEN film did for horror back in the day. ""IDLE™"" ceo ROW™5/5 eyebleedingly good all round assledchaptasticwhiteknucklefun. ROW™Get it, turn the lights off, settle in....you in for a tummy tingling good time."
,Recommended,214490,12394964,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,WinterborneTE,"Full disclosure: I am a huge Alien fan. I love all the movies. I have, until now been disappointed with all of the games, save for AvP2 which had engrossing multiplayer.This is an extremely good game. The fact that it's a movie based game for a franchise that typically releases♥♥♥♥♥♥games, is incredible.It's a stealth game. It is ENTIRELY a stealth game. You have non-stealth options, but they're not the smartest. You need to be patient with everything you do. The stealth aspect trumps the horror aspect even. It's more stealth than survival horror. You can sneak through everything undetected if you're methodical and careful.The atmosphere of the first film is nailed perfectly, and the mechanics are fun and interesting.The minuses for me include character dialog animations, which with the characters looking as good as they do basically look like sock puppets when they speak, which is extremely unusual and slightly immersion breaking. Additionally, encounters with humans are not particularly interesting, though they are tense.The best part of the game is the AI and how it operates via senses and learns (yes, learns) what you are doing to counter it.Example: in an early encounter with the alien I threw a smoke bomb, and it ran to investigate, letting me escape down a hall and lock a door.In the next encounter I tried the same thing, and it turned to the smoke but did not investigate. Ditto for the third.By the fourth time I did this, it decided,  ""Okay, smoke bombs are not where food is, so I am going to look around elsewhere."" This forced me to change up my tactics by dropping smoke bombs on myself. Great emergent gameplay, that."
,Recommended,214490,22752604,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Dr. Spaceman,"Finally getting around to playing this one. Got it on sale, it sat in my library for a good few months, cooling down from the hype. Now I'm digging into it to see what all the fuss is about.This game is likely the only game in the licensed Alien game lineup that accurately portrays the vision of the film; the first (and best) film, released in 1979. It creates an enveloping abmience, with its music, sounds and visuals, along with the story. I haven't yet finished the game but I am pretty far in - chapter 11.What I will say is that this game ramps up in a solid way - there are some parts that annoyed me with the Alien AI being almost *too* knowning but perhaps that is better than it being too easy.Some parts of the game are reminding me a bit of Bioshock in outerspace, which is not a bad thing, but just a vibe I'm getting at this stage in the game.Overall a really solid experience. Not as tense as Outlast or Amnesia, which is a nice change of pace. Things are still startling and jumpy at poitns but I'm not whiteknuckled throughout the entire game, which gives me ample time to explore the very detailed environments that pay homage to the original film.Great game, get it!"
76561198007789156,Recommended,214490,23393155,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Yamadog32,I am a big time fan boy of the Alien movie. Alien and Aliens are the epic films. All the ones after are just cash cows that Fox used the licence for. Now to the game. It really follows the first film close. All the backgrounds are straight out of the Nostromo space ship. If you have watched the films you will see plot lines straight out of them. I figure most of you are to young and may have not seen them.The game is all based on stealth and finding items and clues to get you through the game. It is not an FPS shooter at all. That type of play just wont work. The stealth and the hiding from the alien monster makes the game slow at times. If your a person that does not have patience this game is not for you. The suspence is really good in this game and it makes you get tense wondering what will happen next. It is unique in that aspect.The one thing that really bummed me out about the game. You get a motion tracker. That is straight out of the movie. It adds to the tension of the game because it beeps and tells you if anything is coming towards you. It also points the way you should go. Where the game gets it wrong is that when you use it after you have encountered the alien. Then everytime after that is makes the alien come after you. No matter what as soon as you pop it up here comes the alien. Kind of a cheap trick in my opinion.The game is super fun if your a fan of the movies. Might not be so much if you know nothing about them. A unique game all by itself. If you love stealth and kind of being a treasure hunter while a can not be killed monster is after you. Then this game is for you
76561198112950550,Recommended,214490,32408420,Posted: 14 June,all,Cal.50,"Prepare to face the most advanced, terrifying AI this generation of gaming has ever seen.The original Alien feel• checkIncredibly gorgeous visuals and blood curdling sound design• checkIntense, immersive story built with a solid cast accompanied by a symphonic score• checkThis game will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself over and over, and tensions get increasingly high over this roughly 20hour nightmare.The only con I can truly bring to light is the repetitive and tedious nature of the game's final act. Tends to feel overstayed, and interest could be sacrificed as a result.9.9/10 would break my monitor in fear again"
,Recommended,214490,13098702,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Triforce888,"Let me just tell you, I have played this game for hours on end, and I am the biggest Alien nerd of all time, well maybe not that far, but pretty big on the series. Anyway Everything about this game is pretty much perfect, the atmosphere, the weapons, the music, the sounds, EVERY GOD DAMN THING. It honestly made me cry that after the♥♥♥♥♥♥I called a gem at one point, we could make such an utter masterpiece of the survival horror genre. It does sort of stress me out though and that's my only problem, the game is too scary almost, or something along those lines. It just is so nerve racking that it makes you remeber the glory days of survival horror. The story of it is also on par with the movie, no easy feat I think, and finally the fact that they reunited the cast for the DLC was a dream come true for any die hard fan of the series. To sum this all up this game is a 10/10, everyone should get this game."
76561197967859584,Recommended,214490,12392324,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Fortran,"Incredibly intense with fantastic lighting, true to movie aesthetics, design and sound. Some lower poly meshes & textures here and there but lighting, particles & atmosphere more than makes up for it visually, not to mention seems to run very smoothly on a wide array of older and newer builds. If you are a fan of the movie franchise and want to experience the feel of it in first person this is probably as close as you will ever get for the foreseeable future. Finally an Alien game that lives up to the movie. Highly recommended."
76561198046817307,Recommended,214490,25609548,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Greymatter,"Terrifying & incredibly stressful to play but so much more than I ever dreamed of for a game based around Alien.  Superb attention to detail & fan service througout, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,214490,12398812,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,•●Сэмюэл●•٠,Very beautiful game. Brings the movie back to life. Some slight bugs but will soon be fixed (I hope) one of the few games were I get impersed and scared. Very easy to run on low end computers.
,Recommended,214490,32029274,Posted: 28 May,all,huehuehuehuehue,It can look in lockers.
,Recommended,214490,22960593,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,leonthesleepy,"Tense, atmospheric and incredibly well made, Alien Isolation is a fantastic love letter to Alien fans that is only let down by its repetitive objectives and occasional plunges into tedium."
,Recommended,214490,17555912,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Candy Danii 💘,"So I haven't beaten this game yet, I was very close to the end, got rid of it, forgot the whole game, and restarted, but I did get through a giant chunk of it.  I like the game (as you can tell from the thumbs up), BUTT, there is a lot of s*^t I got annoyed about and really really hated in this game.  And instead of doing pros and cons like I normally do I'll list them all at once.REVIEW TIME:Pro = Story/time length: The story in this is simple, you're Ellen Ripley's daughter, Amanda, and Sevastapol station is said to have a recorder of her mother and what had really happened with the Nostromo.  That's the main plot of the game, and then of course the alien walking around.  The game is LONG too, it's like 18 hours or so, and that's a LOT compared to other games that are like half of that, if that.Pro = Atmosphere: The tension in this game is amazing, especially since I immerse myself in games, unlike half the t#$ts that play horror games that just speed through it without a single care in the world.  It's tense, you don't feel safe at all throughout the whole game, and that's hard to achieve in a lot of games.Pro/con = Detail: There is a huge variety of detail in the maps and people you interact with, but there is one thing I don't like, well 2 actually.  The main one is the lip syncing can be atrocious sometimes, I mean it's not as bad as Sonic Adventure or anything but it isn't as amazing as something like GTA.  The other thing I don't like is that sometimes the characters tone/voice seems odd/offputting in some instances, where they sound weird or don't fit their emotion.Pro = Fluff text: It's everywhere, mainly in terminals though, and there is a lot to read.  It's quite amazing how much detail into the story these guys put into the game and as well as the station itself.Con = You always know a working Joe!: God f*%k these guys, I hate them and everything they stand for.  I played on the Hard difficulty right? And it takes like 2 whole clips of a revolver to just kill one of them, not to mention they take away a decent ammount of health when they F*%KING CHOKE YOU AND IT TAKES FOREVER TO PULL AWAY.  On top of that the alien won't attack them so you can't rely on the alien to at least assist your a$$ with it.Pro/con = Crafted items: I like the fact you can craft stuff, I really do, but I also wish they would've gave the player a bit of a push to USE them.  See in games like this I tend to horde a lot of the stuff I find, and making me use stuff I have is really hard to do, unless i'm full of whatever item it is.  Not only that I hardly ever used any of the stuff that I crafted except for something like a molly or a pipe bomb.  As I've said if they gave you a big push to USE them I migh've actually BOTHERED to USE THEM.Con = Stealth: The stealth in this game is abysmal, it mainly acts like Payday's, and that's the worse kind, basically even if you think you're hiddin you really aren't.  It goes based off of wherever the enemies head is looking at as well as can you see their head, if you can see their head when you're hiding that means that they can see you, meaning if you think you're hidden you really actually aren't hidden at all, and you can get caught most of the time from it because of that fact.Pro/Con = Save states: I like how they made the game have save states, but that's not to say that's all that nice.  See you have to get the player to move ahead regardless of if they want to or not, and if you're far from a save station or went really ahead and died you then have to go through all of that bull s*%t again.  Yeah sure auto saves or saving whenever you want might have plauged the horror genre a bit and even some other games, but trust me, doing all of the same s*^t you've done for hours gets extremely annoying.  There was one point I died like 15 times at one point after doing like half a hour or more of work each and I just went ""F%*K IT!"" and rage quit so hard....actually that might have been when I got rid of this game.  But still, a so*%ing checkpoint system wouldn't kill ya Creative Assembly.Pro/Major Con: The Alien and his AI: Don't get me wrong I love the way the alien acts but there is a HUGE GLARING PROBLEM I hate with it, and it's what got me really angry at this game.  ""Oh the Alien has Unpredictable AI!"" Pffffft, my a$$ he does, he has what I call the ""Leash"" effect, which is where he won't stray too far from the player, making it incredibly annoying to do anything, and that's the biggest problem I have with this game.  You know all of those terminals and such laying around? I barely bothered to go after any of them, unless it was a requirement, and that's a huge red flag to me cause I love reading fluff text and seeing what's really been going on in the station and game itself.  But with the alien constantly on me I barely even gave a s*%t over any of the terminals or even go to other rooms and collect what was in them.  So much for un-f%$king-predictable, he just wonders around you to whole time and sometimes goes over to you.  But I did find a mod that fixed this stupid problem, it's litterally called ""Unpredictable Alien"" and the alien actually IS NOW, he'll go around the ENTIRE MAP and pop up whenever, and even look around farther from you or closer sometimes, giving you time to look at the terminals and explore rooms sometimes if you think you have enough time, and this is SO MUCH BETTER, now I can actually look at everything and read the dialogue.  The last thing I hate about the alien is that you can get caught out of god damn nowhere, most of my deaths before I modded this game I was killed because he just charged after me when I didn't run, pull of a shot, or anything of that nature, seriously that is such BS most of the time.Conclusion: I give it a 7/10, if you mod it it's much better, but that's what I think the base game is worth, get it when it's cheaper I say."
,Recommended,214490,34648641,Posted: 31 August,all,⚡ Thundy ©,You know something is looking for youYou know it's an AlienYou know it wants to eats youYou don't know it's stratgy to do so......You knew his stratgyNow it knows your Stratgy to run awayIt gets you how smart you areIt is more than just an AIIt it real horror...
,Recommended,214490,13619334,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kal_wardin,Great survival horror game. A must buy.
,Recommended,214490,29860501,Posted: 11 February,all,FIREARMS UNITED,"I'm 30 and I thought horror games could never scare me as they did when I was a child. Even Slenderman was just ""meh"".... Then I bought Alien Isolation and DAMN ♥♥♥♥! THIS IS THE SCARIEST♥♥♥♥♥♥I'VE EVER PLAYED! I'm seriously considering just playing something else because I suffer from constant panic and regular heart attacks while playing this. Then again it's so freakin good, I can't stop playing.I'm just glad that this is not VR because by now I would have♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants multiple times and need therapy."
,Recommended,214490,13965075,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,lord crow,i didnt know my voice could hit such high notes 100/10
76561198000447231,Recommended,214490,23783557,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,turnercm5,Beat this game months ago. Still can't sleep...
,Recommended,214490,14551060,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Jet Black,"I'll lead off by saying I'm not a hardcore horror fan nor do I have much history with the Alien movie franchise (although this game did make me re-watch the first three and I'm much more interested than before).Long story short, this game is amazing. It oozes atmosphere, it has fantastic pacing, and I always found it satisfying (even when, in the beginning, I was just learning how to deal with the Xenomorph and somewhat frustrated).Creative Assembly has done something few developers can: Taken an existing licence (a movie one at that), and created a game which is at least as entertaining (and in some place possibly more entertaining) than the original product. So honest to the source material, they even made sure every physical item in the game could be duplicated as props with materials available in 1978.This is definitely one of my favourite games of all time. Thank you Creative Assembly and SEGA for this masterpiece."
,Recommended,214490,25301673,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[QUESTION MARK],Too Scared to play and i havent even ran into an alien
,Recommended,214490,12392888,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rainman,"Simply brilliant!This game is true to the original Alien horror experience and not some cheesy, testosterone packed action catastrophe like the last few games. It is well paced (and by that I meanextremely horrifying) and keeps you on your toes from minute one. The graphics with it's beautiful lighting, and the general attention to detail is just astonishing.I give this game 5 out of 5chocolate beans in the pants. And oh, both the sound design and soundtrack are the best I've heard in many years in a game. Alien Isolation is pure quality on all levels."
,Recommended,214490,12399055,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ＭＲ　ＢＯＮＥＳ™,"I was praying that this game wouldn't be like Colonial Marines. I was hoping that this game was going to be spectacular. Needless to say, I was blown away. Three hours in on the hardest difficulty and I can definitely say that the immersion never is broken, I can sit all day and play this game and still feel the tension and the anxiety. You can hear the Alien stalking you all throughout the beginning, little hisses and metallic clanks and he crawls above you. You hide in a locker but if you make the slightest noise, be it from your motion tracker or your breath, the Alien will rip off the door. The Androids seem invincible, you shoot them over and over again, they catch your melee attacks. This game is probably one of the most atmospheric and terrifying game I've ever played, it rivals Outlast and Amneisa: TDD, and even some of the older Silent Hill games. I can definatly say that this was my most anticipated game of 2014 and I am beyond happy. If you're a fan of the Alien series and want to truly feel terrifyied, pick this game up, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,214490,12402992,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MIDNIGHT ANIMAL,"After playing for six hours (with more to come) here's my revised review.Note that this is a review treating the game as a larger part of the Alien Canon, as licenced by Fox. Meaning that it's being looked at taking the books, comics, movies, etc. into account, as the game was made under the Fox license.I am VERY impressed by the design of the game. They fulfilled all my exceptions of the Lo-fi sci-fi environment they promised.They have this filter on the game by default that subtly adds that static effect you'd get on an old CRT monitor and/or an old CRT TV. It hits the nostalgia VERY well. It holds the modern graphics, modern physics, and modern mechanics while giving it a very nice classical feel to it.Exploring the entryway you see a handheld that looks like an old SNES controller with a screen on it. It's managed to encapsulate the whole 70's vision of the future VERY well. They hit it spot on by designing everything only in a manner that could be replicated on set of the original Alien movie.There's the loading bar when you use a terminal, and many other things that were accepted in the late 70's/early 80's that were just accepted as part of the territory, which adds to the ambiance even more. The Xenomorph is a standard Xenomorph drone, and the AI behind it was phenominal.Now for the only issue I see with the game. The lore and justification behind it. Yes, CA said they wanted to base the alien off of the original Alien movie, and yes they did say they wanted only one.  Therein lies the problem. You, as Ripley's daughter arrive on the space station Sevastopol after the Xenomorph has been onboard for quite some time. Even the original Nostromo Xenomorph took Dallas and Brett's body into the air shafts to create more Xenomorphs, as is customary for the Drone caste to do.In the absence of a Queen, a Drone possesses the ability to create a complete reproductive life cycle that did not require a Queen to lay more Eggs. Rather, the Drone would cocoon a victim in its Hive, and the victim would subsequently be changed by unknown means into a new Egg containing a Facehugger. Footage of this process was shot for Alien, although it was later removed from the final print of the film. The sequence was, however, included in the novelization of the film, and the movie footage was subsequently reintegrated in the 2003 Director's Cut. Note that this is Alien, not Aliens. Meaning that the reproductive cycle is outlined in the original film, that the game should be based upon.The entire process  would only take a few days at absolute most, meaning that there SHOULD be more Xenomorphs on the station, as they're a very hive oriented species, with reproduction being very high on the list of priorities. They should also be extrordinarily flammable and should be able to be killed by fire at the very least, although ultimately I do think the Xenomorph should be able to be killed anyways in the game. I see why CA did what they did, and they said what they want, but the Alien fan in me has a hard time following their attempted rationalization when so much of the pre-established source material, even the original Alien film, speaks against it. They used aspects of the Alien, but they ignored alot of what makes it THE Alien, and that's the only part of the game where they really fell short.The game is fantastic, as an Alien game, it's better than most. For nerds like myself who love the entirety of the lore, there are some moments where CA sacrificed continuity for gameplay, which ultimately comes down to your own preferences. I could see why they did it, and the resulting gameplay is utterly astounding. With Dan Abnett onboard, I think they could have gone farther than they did. I don't feel that this is the ultimate Alien game, or that it's the best we'll get, but it's definitely a step in the right direction. Creative assembly made an astounding game, with solid gameplay, which resulted in an utterly superior survival horror experience. It was a shakey ride as far as the lore went, so that's the only area I can truly deduct a point from.Overall, this game is a 9/10. I'll be playing it again and don't regret buying it."
,Recommended,214490,12415782,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Durkan,">>> PRIORITY ONE.<<<>>> ENSURE INSTALLATION OF GAME FOR FURTHER STUDY OF ORGANISM.<<<>>> ALL OTHER CONSIDERATIONS SECONDARY.<<<>>> CREW EXPENDABLE.<<<....PS BRING UNDERWEAR, LOTS AND LOTS OF CLEAN UNDERWEAR"
76561198021658679,Recommended,214490,12485552,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Noob Van Noob,"THE ALIEN GAME WE'VE BEEN WAITING FORor at least the one i've been waiting for..you know... the one where the alien is a legitimate threat and is genuinely terrifying?yeah, that game.no more mowing down hordes of pathetically weak xenos,  this thing WILL KILL YOU.as much as i loved Aliens, i never felt afraid of xenos as they were the basic grunt and easiest thing to kill in the majority of alien games.    in this one, it returns to being the mysterious, terrifying killer that it was in the original.  its lethatlity as well as its unpredictability make it one terrifying enemy against which you play a dangerous game of cat and mouse.its not the only enemy either however.  desperate humans may kill you (or try anyways) on sight, and failing that, the commotion they make can and usually will attract the alien.  also, androids like the ones from the movies work the station, and will kill you in unrestricted zones, their glowing red robotic eyes and inhuman nature make them terrifying as well.   the humans and the androids serve to create other sources of terror besides the alien and help keep things fresh.as for the enviroment, the attention to detail is ABSOLUTELY STUNNING.  everything here from the smallest of details is lovingly crafted after the original's 70's style sci fi equipment/enviroment.  save stations are phone consoles in which ripley slides her card into to save the game.  computer consoles have these old flickering crt screens.  things like this bring to life the world of the film/ Perhaps the only glaring mistake i could find in this area is the fact that ripley has no shadow, despite bieng able to see her legs if you look down.  this is quicklly forgotten in lieu of the amazing atmosphere that truly captures the feel of the film.THIS is the alien game the franchise neededif you're a fan of the original alien, look no more.  this could easily be considered a spiritual successor to the first film.  an Alien 2 if you will."
76561197967490296,Recommended,214490,34644930,Posted: 31 August,all,Sylas420,"Suggestions:Play it in the dark - Use Headphones -And fear for your life...Iunnaturally obtainedthis game a few years ago after it came out, and I loved it so much that I decided to buy it when a Steam sale finally hit. I beat the game several times outside of Steam, so my playtime is skewed here, but I Highly Recommend the base game. It is incredibly immersive, and you definitely get the feel of being on an immense space station, where there really could be danger at any turn - and not just from the Xenomorphs.The version I had included all DLCs. I only recommend Crew Expendable and Last Survivor, as I do not enjoy the time trials of the Survivor Modes; but I am old enough to remember when the first Alien movie came out and I still watch it to this day. Such a great film.SPOILER ALERT:You cannot kill the Xenomorphs... Even with modding the game files, you can only make it to where they will ignore you. Even with infinite flame thrower, those mofos just run away, then keep coming back for more. That's the only part of the game that sux. In the movies, the Xenos were tough but not indestructible. I hacked the non-steam version to test this, but to no avail. Xenos are Gods in this game; but I guess that adds more to theDistract - Run - HideGameplay style."
76561198197123261,Recommended,214490,23390800,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,agapewirejewelry,"I am a huge Alien fan....i have seen the movies hundreds of times.......this game is a true masterpeice that embodies the Alien experience......it is absolutely gorgeous with astounding attention to details.....i am really enjoying playing this game and am glad i bought it....i did get it and all the DLCs at a sale and feel it is well worth the price......I dont think ive ever experienced this much tension and fear in a game before....the only downside is that sometimes it takes me a long time to complete a task because i die many times over but at least i die in different ways.....it is truly unnerving.  i have played all the other alien games and this is by far the best game......im not a huge fan of stealth which much of this game is,however, the fear and tension in the game has me captivated and i keep wanting to play.......i havent finished the game yet and have yet to try the other modes and will update this review once i do....... 10/10."
,Recommended,214490,12722464,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,ADos - wholehost.com.au,"Many people tend to complain that the game drags on. It does drag on indeed, but it plays out the length of a game that isn't repetitive in experience. I've always been on my toes, having interesting ways to go about things. Whether you like going full force with your arsenal, skulking away and sucking your thumb or just generally being a smart little cookie; this game is and always will be worth the money.I won't say the game is perfect however, the ending was completely and utterly DLC-bait. I still have a plethora of questions as to how half of the stuff on the station happened; but I'll ride out the wait and see if they are answered with any followup expansions on Amanda's story, or perhaps DLC that allows you to explore the station a little more intimately."
76561198029126609,Recommended,214490,12478319,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Padishah,"Alien: Isolation is probabily one of my favorite games of all time and in my opinion one of the best horror games of all time. Alien: Isolatiion is a thinking persons shooter and everything you do is with urgency. Its incredibley tense and atmospheric and has alot of depth to it. Think System shock 2 meets Alien meets Amnesia. The Alien is one of the greatest foes I have ever faced in all my years of gaming. It truly is the perfect organism and the perfect killing machine. Alien: Isolation by far the best alien game. Nothing will scare you the same way Alien: Isolation will scare you like no game ever will. Challenging, Deep, Complex, Intresting and Terrifying. If your a fan of the series you owe it to yourself to purchase this game. If not play it anyway its great. 10/10 highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,12392017,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,gingerninger1066,"Amazing game, has great AI, even on easy it's a challenge and it feels just like you are in the movie."
,Recommended,214490,20747079,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Wolfanov,"I stopped when I find the alien for the first time, I♥♥♥♥♥♥like I never did beforeGraphics AWESOMEAtmosphere FANTASTIC, I feel like ripley in the first filmStory interestingMy experience playing this game I exactly the same when I saw the first film for the first time10/10"
76561198049432668,Recommended,214490,19466029,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Burgie,"Title:  Alien: IsolationGenre:  ActionDeveloper: Creative Assembly, Feral Interactive (Mac), Feral Interactive (Linux)Publisher: SEGA, Feral Interaction (Mac), Feral Interactive (linux)Release Date: 6th October 2014GameplayOkay, this is an incredibly well produced horror/action game. I like how they developed it in general. The Alien franchise always was a cult hit, giving the feeling of being alone and lost in space, with a horror stalking the corners of your world. This is one of the few games that truly succeeds in my opinion to deliver an authentic, heart in mouth experience, playing as Ripley in a situation that descends further and further into horror.It will take you some time to complete, and gives you the option to do some exploring on the side. I liked looking along the walls for all the extra detail and thought that went into the design, such as the graffiti, posters, food and objects lying around, and dark shadowed areas that make you think twice before venturing into them. Your character is not the kind of character who will going around kicking skulls and taking names. This isn't a game where you can shoot your way through everything. It's a game where you need to be quiet at the right points, run at the right moments, crawl through those creepy bloodstained vents, and stop making stupid decisions that will otherwise get you killed every other second. Because you will die. A lot.The missions have the tension needed to make you feel anywhere you go could be dangerous. Every closet you see, you wonder when you'll be back there to hide in it later. The pacing is slow for me at the start, though it does pick up later. The storyline is great to follow, helping you to get drawn in and like the characters and the sequence of events that progress from bad to worse. I won't reveal what exactly happens here because you should play it yourself ... unless you found Alien a scary film. Then maybe not.I will say that you can assume everyone else around you except yourself is expendable. Try not to get too attached to them.I don't like the crafting UI so much, it seems a little clunky for me. The music/sounds is always a big thing for horror games as they add to the fear factor, and it fits in just right to give you the feeling you are indeed isolated in space. You ideally to play it with a headset to get the full immersion and atmosphere the game delivers. It's not quite the same with speakers.ProsStorylineMusic/AtmosphereCreepy stations, people, and of course, the alien ...ConsCan get motion sickness from some of the movementPriceTL;DROverall VerdictI think everybody should try this game, with a spare set of pants next to them in case things happen. You will get sucked into this game, you will get scared and you will hide in closets.And probably not want to come out of them again.I will say though I think the price is a little bit too expensive, so I would recommend waiting until it's on sale. Otherwise it's something that belongs proudly in your steam library.Want to read more of my reviews?Click here to join my steam groupandClick here to follow my curator page!"
76561197964711423,Not Recommended,214490,16225467,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Billbo,"This game really has me confused. On the one hand I think that they have masterfully caught the atmosphere and feeling of the first Alien movie completely and just walking around and feeling that you actually are in that world is amazing to say the least. The environments are gorgeous late 70's sci-fi with analog computers and claustrophobic hallways. I absolutely loved it. But on the other hand, the gameplay gets really tedious really fast and I easily spent the last 6 hours of the game being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it not ending. To say that it overstays its welcome is a massive understatement and it ended up being almost 3 times as long as I feel it should have been. I completed the game in little over 17 hours and of those 17 hours I thoroughly enjoyed the first 3. Then the Alien showed up.I know it's kinda weird to say this but the Alien actually ruined the game experience for me. When it first shows up it's fricking amazing, awful, horrible all those things you want to feel when playing a horror game, but that quickly took a turn for the worse when the damn thing won't ever leave you alone again. After it is first introduced, you can't take two steps without the damn thing jumping out of a vent between you and where you need to go fetch something to open a door somewhere and quite frankly, that's not scary. It's tedious, dull and serves no other purpose than to make you sit in a damn locker for 10 minutes while it circles the table infront of it. Being pretty much completely unable to progress due to it blocking your path at every single turn sucked the joy and fear right out of the game and left some kind of boring as hell hide and seek game. And once I pained myself through all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t because I wanted to see how the story would unfold, I did enjoy that part, and finally got to what I thought was the end after 7-8 hours and thought to myself that okay, it wasn't THAT bad, the game promptly slapped me in the face and pointed to the remaining HALF of the damn thing. Seriously. It. Never. Ends. And that is not a good thing.At the halfway mark, you're pretty much space Rambo with the entire arsenal you've managed to scrape together which completely strips away any notion of vulnerability you might have had earlier and you can just go and blast your way through any and all things that stand between you and your current objective, and correct me if I'm wrong, but that is not how a horror game should behave.In the end I spent the final 4 hours of the game being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it for not ending when it had so many opportunities to do so. It just wasn't any fun. But I'm unfortunately a completionist and I was going to see the ending, despite how bad the actual game was at that point.So finally, do I recommend the game? Both yes and no. If you like the Alien movies and want to experience that great atmosphere in a game then yes, you should check this out and play the first 4 hours. But if you want an actually good game then no, you should not play this because the gameplay behind the awesome setting is boring, uninspired and downright tedious. As an overall experience I cannot recommend this."
,Recommended,214490,12393091,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Pope Platypus,"This game is taut, nerve wracking and loyal to the source material in a way that no Alien game ever has been - that alone would be enough to recommend Alien: Isolation but it just so happens the graphics, optimization, sound design, controls, A.I. and story are all top notch as well. I purposefully kept my expectations low after the disaster that was Aliens: Colonial Marines but this game is *infinitely* better than I could have imagined.Perhaps what I love most about this game is how it treats you like an adult - you bought a survival horror game and you're damn well gonna get it, good and hard. If you die, it's back to the last manual save station. If you make too much noise, you're gonna get caught. If you get shot at, you've got about 7 more seconds to live because they *will* kill you. Crafting items is a real treat and actions that would otherwise be counterintuitive on PC (wrenching open doors, hacking, etc.) work so smoothly.This is the only AAA game in a long time that I have been content to pay full price for. If you have even a remote interest in Alien: Isolation, get it. It's that simple."
,Recommended,214490,12391925,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,No.78,"This franchise is the king of atmospheric suspense and horror.And this game stays true to it all.only 2.5 hours so far, and already a very happy Alien franchise fanboy :)"
,Recommended,214490,23101335,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Screen 7,"It certainly is a thrilling game, the atmosphere is top notch and it is definitely a true homage to the original film. The story is interesting, the characters for the most part quite engaging and of course the ""creature of unknown origin"" is terrifying.Gameplay mostly consists of ""Fix the thing"" which then breaks so it becomes ""fix the other thing"" which also breaks so it becomes ""fix the third thing"", from which you hop from vent to vent or cupboard to cupboard. The pacing therefore was a little slower than I prefer, but it absolutely works regardless and it does help build and deliver tension. Cowering in a crawl space with an alien snorting right in front of you as it searches for you is un-nerving!I got the game on considerable discount (75% off) and it was more than worth the price I paid for it. It's a good stealth game whether you like Alien or not (I'm no huge fan of the films but I like them). Sevastopol (the space station you are on) is a pile of junk but its a nice place to explore. Once you get the hang of constructing items and using them (ie distractions) the gameplay is good fun. It takes a while before you get any of the interesting weapons but they certainly add a bit of flavour in the later stages of the game.There are plenty of surprises, nothing is ""on rails"" and the sound effects are wonderfully mixed in. A few missions away from the space station provide a nice change of pace. I wasn't so satisfied with the ending, but that doesn't  taint the overall experience.Recommended, especially if it's on sale. I'm yet to try survivor mode as I can't see much replay value in the story mode, but am glad I bought it and played it.+ Excellent atmosphere+ Scary alien!+ Awesome sound effects- Back & forth objectives a bit tiresome- Some secondary characters deserve to die- Epic finalé let down by a somewhat copout outro sequence7/10"
76561198014142716,Recommended,214490,24054944,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,USRaider,"I am very cautious about games I buy.  I usually have a ""dollar an hour"" game rule, because I can't exactly dump money into games.  Because of this philosophy I have waited to get this game since it came out, until it was on sale.That said, I am also a ""scardy-cat"" and don't do well with horror or thriller games.  Then, why did I continue playing Alien: Isolation instead of returning it?  Because it is a phenomenal game.Not only does Alien capture the feel of the original, and what others have described as ""lo-fi"" 70s style Sci Fi, it captures the feeling of a space station in disorder and decay, that is inhabited by an invincible creature meant only to kill; the perfect predator.The game looks fantastic, captures an authentic feel, and has very few graphical errors or other blemishes that take you out of the moment.  The story was very well done, although, I do feel in some places it was lacking background for main characters that was referenced, but never discussed, in the game.Overall I give this game 5 stars, and I believe it is worth its full price, though I picked it up on sale.  If there is to be a sequel, I will pay full price for it, as I believe excellence should be rewarded."
,Recommended,214490,12542020,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,[DYN] FaCk,"Finally, the first TRUE Alien game. Love it!"
,Recommended,214490,32865480,Posted: 27 June,all,🅱🅴🅷🅴🅻🅸🆃,The alien is frustrating
76561198028358390,Recommended,214490,23785834,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Irish,"Would not advise if you have a fear of teh followingAliensAndroidsSpaceTight spacesOpen spacesHumansShadowsThe sound of your own heartAll joking aside, please don't play if you have a weak heart.Fantastic soundtrack that feels ripped right out of the movies, making you feel like you're in a horror blockbuster.The sound, voice acting and level design is out of this world... literally.The gameplay, while fairly repetitive, 'run hide or die' for majority of the game, is still a heart pounder.Check out my playthrough on youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0DmP-z6WxqdmYt-taCCxcQ/videos?view=0&shelf_id=0&sort=dd"
,Recommended,214490,12391520,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,DICKLE PICK,"I didn't expect the level of high quality in this game. I really didn't.Everything is smooth and polished. Every texture is visible and distinguishable; perfectly sharp.Smooth performance, smooth gameplay, frenetic history. You should buy it now!"
,Recommended,214490,12403395,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Adamski,Alien Isolaxative more like.
,Recommended,214490,12399224,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[TAR] Mooch Koopa,pls alen dont it hurts alot
,Recommended,214490,12396168,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,WiredRayne,"Trying to be sneaky, get spotted by a Working Joe, unload my only six revolver rounds into its head.  It keeps coming.   I turn around, two sets of red eyes glowing in the shadows.  I am surrounded by killer androids.  I run for it, barely surviving breaking the strangle hold of one and get by them.  I'm home free, the door is in sight.    Wait, what is that sound from the duct above me?   Oh..♥♥♥♥♥♥  I forgot about the alien.  Never forget about the alien.    Game over, man."
76561198065782394,Recommended,214490,12407910,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,sL1ck ♨,"This is the result of my review after playing for 120 minutes.atmosphere of horror felt at all when playing in this game, I am a fan of the movie aliens and this game gives the same sensation, like in the movie, hiding and moving silently, giving a more gripping experience, character and environment textures good, at 60 fps ultra settings 1080p, so my conclusion after playing for 120 minutes, this game is worth buying for at, especially for fans of alien movies, which liked the atmosphere of gripping horror-style aliens.(9/10)"
76561197974010475,Recommended,214490,12479390,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Dappa,"Single handedly the best Alien franchise game ever made.One of my favourite gaming experiences to date and fits perfectly into the world of the original Ridley Scotts Alien.Gorgeous to look at, incredible audio and excellent gameplay.To be clear I am not a real fan of the survival horror Amnesia esc games but this was just such an amazing yet nerve racking experience. Good lengthy game aswell, in total playing through carefully and looking for every audio log etc took about 18 hours.Enjoy!"
76561198039818961,Recommended,214490,12424875,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Rodz,"Alien fans, rejoice! Our long wait for could be the best alien game has finally arrived!Guys, please do not wait any longer, this is the MUST HAVE Alien game for you die hard fans of the alien universe out there!!!You will share the same fear as Ripley had on the 1st Alien movie - you feel powerless but you can outsmart and outrun the ultimate killer in this very atmospheric and very detailed universe worth exploring with amazing sound score to keep you on edge of your seat as it could be you yourself who will hide under your desk!I know i have not put in much hour into this game, but trust me - after few years, never a game deliver so much ""wow"" factor in it's openning few hoursGonna play still this game for years to come."
76561198004864078,Recommended,214490,12493197,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Congo Bongo,"Alien: Isolation - (You're No Colonial Marine)The game is gorgeous. Just like basically every review has stated the design is right out of the 70's futurism aesthetic. It looks so much like it was designed in the same world as the Nostromo it's not even funny. The lighting is probably the best part of it. Whether it's a dark area that's only punctuated by the light from some monitors or an area with a swinging bulb (or even better, the Alien coming out of a ceiling vent and knocking a lighting fixture with its tail). Creative Assembly's use of lighting is simply remarkable.Gameplay wise I'm reminded of a cross between Thief (the original) and System Shock 2. Like SS2 the Sevastopol is the primary character you interact with. Most of the time you're simply there; nothing but you, the station and the various terminals, speakers and stuff around you. When you do come across other people (or androids) most of the time it's time to hide and avoid them. There are some characters that you come across that aren't going to simply kill you but they're the exception.Stealth is old-school. There's no light crystal, no indicator where enemies are on the map, no sound-level indicator. It's all eyes-up and ears-open. And it works. Being aware of where your enemies are, listening for their conversations, footsteps and other telltale signs of their presence is how you stay out of sight. Human and android enemies appear to have a fixed patrol route (at least the ones that move) so by observing them from a place of safety you can plot out an avoidance scheme. You also have some tools that you can build to help you. Noisemakers will draw enemies that hear them over, flares might (haven't really tried) draw attention and there are a few weapons as well if you really need to get into a fight. Ripley can only take a few hits (and healing takes time) so it's far better to avoid fighting whenever you can.Interacting with the various systems on the station also take time. It's about two seconds from when you first trigger the interaction to when you can actually use the system. It also takes a couple of seconds from when you stop interacting with the system until you're back in control and able to move. I've seen complaints about that but that's what really makes being aware of your enemies important. If you can't simply hop onto a rewire terminal to trigger an alarm in an area of the map that you're not in so it will draw the enemies away it makes you consider if that's the best strategy.Saving is another area that I've seen complaints. The game autosaves at each level start but there are no other autosaves. To save you have to find a terminal, insert your ID card, wait three seconds for the card to be read and then you can save. These terminals are frequent but not everywhere. You can save at any time you come across a terminal but you're not going to be given terminals for every room or corridor. This forces you to keep aware and ready to react. Usually I'm not keen on limiting saving (saving usually should be controlled by the player with autosaves occurring when the developer feels like it) but in this case the save system is so integrated with the game that it feels like it would cheapen the difficulty of the stealth by allowing the player to save anywhere. Instead I find myself always asking ""Is it worth it to head into a risky situation that I don't have to in the hope of finding something useful?"" as well as planning my way through the maps with the locations of save terminals influencing that path.As for the Alien... it's a mixed bag. It appears that the Alien can be in one of three modes regarding the map area you're in: not present, stalking or active. When the Alien's not present you basically have free roam (presuming no human or other enemies are present) and noise isn't an issue. I cannot state for certain that there's no risk of the Alien showing up if you make a lot of noise but I've been in one firefight (well, I was shooting and the android was dying.) and never heard the telltale signs that the Alien was approaching.When the Alien is stalking it's in the walls/vents/ceiling. You hear it moving around and it will take up sentry at certain places (like ceiling vents) and attack anything that moves near it. They provide enough indications that the Alien is present that it doesn't seem unfair if you walk into it's trap. Again, I can't state unequivocally that it won't come out if you make a lot of noise, but I haven't had it do so.When the Alien is active it's in the map with you, moving around and hunting. Unlike the humans it doesn't have a set patrol route, though it does appear to have preferred locations. In one area there's a large central room with doors on two ends and windows on the sides. The Alien liked to stay around that room, presumably, because it could see pretty much every part of the area. Hiding isn't win-mode either. If the Alien sees you hide: you're dead. If it sees you go into a room and then doesn't see you in the room it will begin searching potential hiding spots. There's no guarantee that it will find you (and there's a breath-hold mechanic that helps you avoid detection) but I still had a couple of times where it found me with no real indication as to what gave me away.Sneaking past the Alien is an exercise in patience, timing, distraction strategy and pathing. Finding the shortest path between your goals will often help you avoid the Alien by simply not being exposed very much. Sometimes this means not exploring very much, using vents or avoiding redundant paths (like corridor loops). A well timed (and aimed) noisemaker has so far been the most useful in getting past the Alien when it's hunting around a choke point but you can only carry three (and only enough resources to make three more at any given time) so care must be taken when choosing to use one.Ultimately the biggest problem with the Alien (so far) is that it's only ever in one of those three modes. It simply doesn't make much sense for the Alien to come running (entering active mode) for some sounds and not others or to respond to a triggered noise, search the area and not find anything and then not head off looking for elsewhere. It takes a lot of the tension out of the game once you realize that if you see the Alien you know that you're simply going to have to avoid it. If the Alien had the potential to show up at any noise and leave at any time (i.e. model it's behavior as always stalking the entire station) then the tension would easily stay high. As it is, it doesn't feel much more tense (most of the time) than any given level in the original Thief. You're tense because you know that if you make a mistake you'll be squished but not because you don't know when the Alien might appear.Ultimately the Alien's AI does make the game flawed. I don't think it's as bad as some of the reviews stated though. I paid $40 for it and am not regretting it. I don't think I'd regret it at $50 either. I do hope it sells enough that Creative Assembly can take a stab at a sequel. I think they've got all of the components right except for the Alien. Repeating everything that's good and focusing on improving the Alien could make a sequel as much a refinement as Thief 2 was over Thief.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12405014,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,PREDATOR,"Okay people who were disappointed in the last few alien games. This one will rejuvenate you! It really brings intensity and fear by the Alien and the other enemies on the Sevastopol. It has many links to the movie and survival aspectas are great. The Alien is very smart and will get you if your not careful and smart with your choices! You need to buy this game! And if you havent, Watch the movies of the aluen franchise before you play!"
,Recommended,214490,12421090,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Goralight,"TL;DRGame is brilliant 9.5/10Get it even if you don't know the alien timeline too well it fits in perfectlyHighly recommendI am a huge Alien Fan boy. But don't let it sway you from what I'm about to say just because I love Aliens. As of now I've got 4 Hours under my belt for this game. I'm only on level three. And I'm horrified. I literally shake when I hear the Alien crawling around in the vents. Prime example. Gotta distract the Alien to advance. I think ill shoot the pistol. Grab its attention, bypass and be home free. I shoot, I hide in a locker. The alien climbs out of the vent closest to me (by the way the animations are so god damn nice its borderline life like) and I stay there for 10 minutes crying because I can't hear it anymore but I know its close. So I decide to get out where I fumble with the reload, start putting the rounds into the cylinder of the pistol when I hear this huge thud behind me and its hiss, not even a meter away from me. I stay still for like 10 seconds when I slowly turn around and then it pounced. Creating this truly terrifying animation where I had to pause the game and revert save as it was too much. This is the first game to have ever made me feel this scared in all of my life and has truly set the bar for new horror games.CA have made a beautiful organism which it truly deserved, as said before, it could have just pounced and got it over with. But instead, it knew it had me, so it was basically just toying with its food. That's what really scared me. The fact that in the 10 seconds I was just praying for it to get it over with, it didn't. It just decided for me to either run or to turn to look at it. CA have made this creature have a fantastic AI which is fantasticThe game just oozes atmosphere. You don't even see the Alien for 2 levels. Its only till the end of the 2nd mid 3rd you actually see it. But I was still jumping at every hissing pipe, vent noises. Anything which could have been the alien.Bottom line is. This game is truly a great example of what gaming can make you feel. CA have done a brilliant job and this is what should have been made first. Not Aliens: CMBravo CA you have done a brilliant job."
,Recommended,214490,14057792,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MinorDespera,"I've played my first horror game as a kid back in 2001 and it was Alien versus Predator 2 franchise crossbreed. Its marine campaign gave me some nightmares, and at first to cope with paralyzing fear I had to retort to playing in a well lit room and muting the speakers. Maybe it wasn't that great of a game by today's standards, but for me it was the first exposure to genuine fear that went beyond boundaries of movies, a fear that stems from direct involvement and responsibility for character's survival. He wasn't gonna rescue himself while overcoming all the horrors in his way to then merrily drift away on a space shuttle into the pitch black darkness of space. You were that character, and you had to face those horrors yourself. Now this here is the first really good game based around pristine Alien universe/franchise, probably the best Alien game we’ll ever get, and the first horror game in 13 years that made me relive the same raw fear as if it was the first time.For England based developer Creative Assembly (most famous for their Total War RTS/TBS hybrid strategy series) Alien: Isolation is the first experience in survival horror genre, and for their first try they did pretty damn well. A lot of work went into recreating aesthetics of the first Alien movie, the retrofuturistic vision from the 80’s and presentation of the Alien itself as superior, pure, primal, deadly being. The goal was to make the Alien scary again – a hard job considering his iconic status and instant recognition in pop culture – and they have actually managed to pull it off. The Alien is fast, has heightened senses, and most important, he is intelligent. Thanks to sophisticated AI behavior he’s not simply walking along the waypoints of a manual route, occasionally popping up for a scripted event (although there is a handful share of scripted events involving him). The Alien has his own little mind, and God knows what is happening in there. You may think he will walk past you, and then he will suddenly turn 180 degrees, catching you off guard. He may corner you in a room, and play cat and mouse with you for minutes, aware that you’re in there, to then walk past the locker you’re shaking in and rip the door off to pull you out. Even after you learn how not to give away your position - among other things he hears you running, your motion tracker bleeps in close proximity, doors and ventilation shafts opening and closing - and think you’re safe to roam Sevastopol unless you make any sounds and walk slowly, the Alien can still surprise you by coming down the vents just because he decided to breathe some fresh air. You never feel truly safe with this thing crawling around in the vents, making all kinds of muted sounds that echo around, and as revealed via motion tracker, following you.Speaking of sound design, it’s the best and most immersive sounding game I’ve ever played. The air of Sevastopol station is virtually vibrating with all the mechanical sounds that make you paranoid because they are too similar to Alien moving around or too loud for you to pinpoint if he’s close or just came down from the vents, the electronics make all those silly bleeping and crackling noises, the automated lights in a room you just walked into turn on with a crystal clear clicking and humming, your boots produce distinct footsteps and squeak on the shiny floor every now and then. In addition, navigating by sound in this game often proves vital for your survival. By carefully listening to the sounds the Alien produces you can pretty much make out at what pace he moves, in what direction and how disturbed he is.The music. Oh, the music! They pretty much based the whole score around that classic instantly recognizable sound of original Alien movie score by Jerry Goldsmith. Very nostalgic. The interiors, too, look like they were taken right from the set of 70-80’s science fiction movie, true to their origin. Beautiful visuals (sans badly implemented anti-aliasing) complement it all, down to the skull silhouette inside Alien’s head, delivering a movie-like quality picture.All the praising aside, there are some flaws with the game that I'd like to point out:There is a LOT of backtracking. Be mentally prepared for that. To sweeten that throughout the levels there are many secrets for you to find and caches you can only open after you find certain upgrades later in the story.At certain points level design becomes confusing – doors and shutters that are required to progress have no indication they can be opened, a ladder that you’re supposed the climb down is not so obvious, some other examples I forgot. Map, too, can be a bit confusing with multiple levels, sometimes merging into one via elevator connection points.People still keep arguing about it, but the Alien being invincible is both a bad and a good thing. It helps to keep you terrified, robbing you of the hope to simply kill it and be done with it, but at the same time, it feels somewhat cheap. It would be at least fair if you could temporarily cripple the Alien using heavy weapons like shotgun.Sudden abrupt ending with a sequel hook that just leaves you without any closure. This comes totally unexpected, especially considering how long the game is.But overall it’s a beautifully crafted game true to its roots in every sense, thoroughly entertaining from start to finish.9/10P.S.: Just do yourself a favor and play it on hardest difficulty (not Nightmare mode though, which is sort of a challenge for seasoned players with many features such as map and HUD turned off). After I finished the game I just had to look up people’s reactions when they had to sneak by the Alien, and many times I saw their experience get hurt by low difficulty they picked, when the Alien didn’t see them when he obviously should have, didn't react to them moving nearby, to sounds and visual cues such as flamethrower's ignition flame or a light on noisemaker. Better, smarter, tougher Alien on Hard difficulty is “the way it’s meant to be played”, encouraged even by developers as definitive one."
,Recommended,214490,31674113,Posted: 10 May,all,The Murphanator,"One of my all-time favourite gaming experiences. Beautiful, hugely atmospheric, terrifying and captures the original 1979 film to a tee. The sound design is one of the best in any game.Use a Steam link with a 5.1 Surround sound or some 7.1 headphones if you sit at your desktop, turn the lights off and expect heart palpitations. A+"
,Recommended,214490,33536226,Posted: 14 July,all,ExDannabis,"Alien: Isolation is canon, it fits perfectly into the series, and allows you to survive (for brief periods of time) in the Alien universe.Sevastopol is expansive and clautrophobic at the same time, it sounds amazing, and I found myself having an affinity for the nightmarish world itself almost more than the characters, and the characters are pretty damned memorable.Amanada Ripley is exactly what you would Ellen Ripley's daughter to be, and true to her mother's spirit and a wonderful addition to the world of Alien.The alien itself shines with a wicked gleam, it was extremely well crafted to this environment and it doesn't feel like it's cheating you, as you have moments where you actually feel like you're outsmarting it, and other moments where you turn around and bump it and go ""FFFFFFFFFFFffffuuu-"" and have to put the controller down out of a flush of adrenaline and irritation, only to come back fifteen minutes later with a ""I have to get past-"" or ""I need to re-initialize the-"" or ""I need to know what's past that door...""The characters are memorable, but Amanda isn't here for chit-chat, she's as close to her missing mother as she has ever been, and she's trying to survive, so by and large her brushes with humanity here are ""Yeah yeah, okay tell me what I need to do and get out of my way."", people in space are mostly useless... kind of like they are here on Earth.I spent most of my time in Alien: Isolation crouched, creeping around like a villain, stealing things I needed to survive, and mocking the Working Joes. Who fit in perfectly into this retro-futuristic environment. I had an absolute moment of pure delight the first time one of them broke my neck while rattling off ""Why not ask me about Sevastopol's Safety Protocols?""You'll also get tired of creeping and decide to run, this will be a mistake.Walking is even risky, you'll find yourself going a good distance, then stopping to listen for vents creaking or the muttering of a Working Joe every so often, and when you have that moment of ""I'm gonna fix you robot boy."" and decide to take a swing with your trusty Maintenance Jack, you'll find yourself in a knock-down-drag-out with the sturdiest Real Doll this side of Zeta Reticuli, as a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off Working Joe won't bust out any kung-fu moves, but will methodically track you down like they've seen enough horror movies to know no matter how fast you run, your top is gonna rip off on a branch, and you're gonna trip in them pretty girl heels.Alas Amanda is well done as a character, and never feels overpowered or outsmarted, the pacing of the game sometimes feels like you're done with the next fresh hell before it comes, but the overall suspense of what is around the next corner balances out that really well.The other ""survivors"" on the station are probably the weakest thing here, as they largely stand around going ""Yep, waiting to die..."" *whistles* ""Boy, sure would be terrible if some unimaginable horror done crawled out a vent and snatched me up right about now!"", if they don't have a name or aren't introduced to you somehow... they're just scenery, and if you're any sort of a respectable sadist you'll save your Noisemakers to toss in their general direction when you've found yourself a good hiding spot because the Xenomorph hissing and stomping around in temper-tantrum mode is better company than the constant complaining of your species.But I might be slightly evil, so your mileage may vary.This game is a must-buy if you even remotely enjoy the Alien series. Again, I would consider this canon.It should be high on your list if you enjoy sneaking games, horror, or just well built games."
76561198108631981,Recommended,214490,34784606,Posted: 6 September,all,Raven(CZ),"Best ""Alien"" game ever made. Great atmosphere, great soundtrack, good story, AI sucks sometimes, but still can be pretty scary.Thank you dev's for this great game."
,Recommended,214490,34791626,Posted: 7 September,all,wow reacc,this game atmos is so damn good that it pisses me off.
76561198092227467,Recommended,214490,16459104,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ShiFt,"I went into a room, saw an alien and learned how to uninstall a game very fast,repeat 5xLearned how to uninstall steam and destroy my PC,10/10 very educational!"
,Recommended,214490,12674294,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Wayland,"After being facehugged, stabbed through the torso and pulled into vents several times, it seems weird I left my desk after finishing Alien: Isolation with a big smile on my face. This game is fantastic, and should be on the wishlist of any survival horror, Alien or immersive single-player connoisseur. The graphical fidelity, the chilling audio and the general attention to detail (along with the very reasonable price tag) make this game a worthy of a 5-star rating. Read my full review here:https://blog.jacobsplace.com.au/?p=95"
,Recommended,214490,32624094,Posted: 21 June,all,ᛟ SATURN ᛟ,A solid horror experience that feel's fresh and unique. Really hope this proves the Alien brand is fit for video games as I'd love to see a sequel in the future.
,Recommended,214490,13963208,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,PsychoHypnotic,"One of the best games I've ever played. Excellent soundwork (never played a game with such an awesome soundwork), superbe graphics, insane level of detail, best atmosphere I've ever experienced. Challenging game mechanics escpecially on nightmare mode. Finished this game 9 times now, going for a 10th, story is just great. Was not a big of an alien fan but I am now thanks to this game.The length of the game is good, how fast you go through it depends heavily on your learning skills. If you are unable to  study the behavior of your enemies and conquer them correctly, this game will be very challenging and sometimes frustrating for you. You can play it pretty agressively if you know what you are doing actually. You are NOT helpless like in Outlast, so you have weapons but just very limited ammo. You can even fight the alien.If you don't buy it you definately miss an important part of game history. This is how games should be done in the future. Thanks for that Creative Assembly!"
76561198094935797,Recommended,214490,12397443,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[M.A.C.O.] Schrödinger,"I just now beat this game, and have played it since it was first playable on steam. I've played the bonus content with my pre-order as well and I must say that I am delighted. This game did the franchise justice and I'm glad that Sega hired Creative Assembly to make this game.  While the character dialog and some elements of the story seem to be swept under the rug, I will give this game an easy 9/10. Ammo is scarce, you have to plan your movments, and you need to be fast on your feet when it's time to be. Some areas it's better to run through while others it's best to go as slow as possible.I beat the game going through in about 12 or so hours on hard mode, died many, many, many times. I shall do an easy playthrough to collect everything and gain the remaining acheivments."
76561198031265092,Recommended,214490,12392457,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Harr0w,"how to create a real alien game. two hours in and my heart hasnt stopped banging in my chest the tension and creeping horror is a masterclass. deserves all the praise it gets.The level, sound and lighting are a character in itself you can chew the tension and anxiety created by your surrounds. A must own for any alien fan."
,Recommended,214490,13771958,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,(Im a noob) elevator music,"Alien: Isolation is the single most terrifying game experience I have ever had the pleasure to enjoy.As an Alien fan that was dying for a genuinely good horror game from the franchise, I was both incredibly excited and nail-bitingly nervous when I first preordered Isolation. I was so afraid that it was going to bomb, and that I was going to be severely disappointed.My fears were for naught.Isolation isterrifying, without the crutch that is constant jump scares that so many horror games like to rely on. The horror in Isolation is purely in its brilliant atmosphere and the ambiance. (Believe me, there is nothing more unsettling than walking along a dark and quiet corridor and hearing the distant banging of the Xenomorph making its way through the ventilation shafts.)The Alien itself is alsoincredible. Not only does it look amazing and is animated well, it’ssmart. I swear its AI is some of the best I’ve seen in any game I’ve played. It felt as though a Xenomorph was plucked straight from the universe of Alien and dropped right into the game. If you encounter it, and you get its attention, there’s no running or hiding from it. You can scare it away with the flamethrower later on, but it only stays away for a short period before coming back. It is fast, and it is deadly. Itwillcatch you. It doesn’t help the motion tracker (the most reliable method of tracking the Alien’s position) is purposefully not 100% accurate, making relying on it solely to figure out where the Xeno is a poor life choice.Isolation is also atruesurvival horror. You can fight back, yes; but ammo is painfully scarce and enemies (such as the endlessly unsettling Working Joes) absorb a lot of bullets before they go down. It is always better to creep past or craft a diversion item to distract the enemies than go in guns blazing, believe me. Plus the noise will attract the Alien, and you don’t want that.The only complaint that I have is that the save stations felt a little sporadically placed at times, but really, it was only in a few areas, so it isn’t very relevant.EDIT: I can't believe I published this without talking about the Working Joes in more detail.The Working Joes are Androids, but nothing like the ones we know from the Alien movies (Ashand Bishop). They are primitive and more like basic drones than intelligent robots, programmed with basic orders and functions. Automatonophobics beware: they are more visually akin to walking mannequins than the fully humanoid androids you're used to from the franchise.And holy crap are they everterrifying, even when they're peaceful. Their unnervingly monotonous voices and scripted dialogue (things such as ""You are becoming hysterical"", ""You always know a Working Joe"" and ""I am going to catch you"") make them all that more unsettling. To make it worse they're tough, too; as I said, it takes a lot of shots to take them down, and most of the time it's better if you just ran or hid instead of fighting back.tldr;Pros:Loyal to the source material, if you are a fan of Alien you will love it.Genuine survival horrorScary without JumpscaresAmazing atmosphere and ambianceCons:Sporadic save points in a few areas, may get frustrating quickly if you mess up and die a lot, and the repeated lost progress can get disconcerting.Alien AI is very intelligent, making the game more difficult as a result, which, again, can be frustrating at times.Overall rating: 9/10If you love survival horror, GET THIS GAME!"
76561198062859385,Recommended,214490,12391761,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Hitman_Actual,FOV fully adjustable. can go above 75 by editing .XMLgame is smooth.now to get into it.
,Recommended,214490,23664003,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Luisfius,The alien is amazing but those ♥♥♥♥ing robot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are extremely terrifying.Goddamn this game is intense.
,Recommended,214490,21851554,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Getcha' Pull,"What can I say about this game? As an horror fan, this is simply the best game I ever played. Outlast is good, but this is way much better. Hope you guys enjoy it as much as I did."
76561197970752455,Recommended,214490,12394059,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,FlyingPork,"I hate this game.Do you know why I hate this game?Because I can't play for more than 30 minutes without feeling like I'm going to have a heart attack. It's amazing. The Alien was my childhood boogeyman, and this game captures it in all its pure, unadulterated terror.Kudos, Creative Assembly. Thank you for finally making a game deserving of the creature."
76561198066661929,Recommended,214490,12409445,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,HoxtontheWanker,"This has been a game that we (even I) wanted forever, and especially after the disasterous Aliens: Colonial Marines.  This catches the time of the first movie with its 1979 Sci-fi look, and the music is always nailing it at all times.  The atmosphere is the most impressive I have ever seen in an Alien game, and is the best so far hands down.  I've played horror games before, and because of the predictable AI I felt that there was no challange even on the toughest difficulty.  Since the Xenomorph has a none scripted, unpredictable AI I felt like I have found my match, I hid under a desk, it went by, and once I got out, it had turned around and therefore I was in its sights and I got mauled.  Though you may still be a little unsure about this game because of IGN, Gamespot, or other reviewers who reviewed it very badly, just to let you know, this is a very, very good game.  The IGN reviewer as I remember said to have the game on it's easiest difficulty.  Well don't go by his word, as he probably thought that this was a CoD game, and I think that the reviewer on Gamespot got kind of confused and thought it was a straight on action game. (although it can be but there's a huge risk of getting nomed by the alien)  But I implore you all to do the game on the hardest difficulty, because this came from Gary Napper (lead designer) that the meat of the game is learning what the alien is capable of, and that is true.  The levels are extremely well made, and you (and even the alien, other people, and androids) have multiple routes to take.  I've never been so scared by a game like this in a long, long time, and if it can get my heart racing, then it is a great, true horror game.  So if you want the crap scared out of you, then Alien: Isolation is the best one you can get. And another thing, this is around 15 hours or more to complete, so you'll be scared longer than any other game which is great.  If this review has helped you decide to buy this game and you enjoyed it, then leave a thumbs up.  Thank you for reading, and stay safe from getting your skull chewed on by the alien, Peace."
,Recommended,214490,12417691,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sarklor,"Fans of horror might not find the game THAT scary, but it's still packed with tense cat and mouse hiding/running. Fans of Alien will be delighted at the look, feel and sound of the game, because Creative Assembly have nailed it.Me, I'm not hugely into my horror games, but I do love my xenomorphs. This game scares me. It scares me like the Hammer Haunts from the original Thief scared me when I was a child. Thje xenomorph is animated beautifully, and I swear it really learns your tactics. You simply can't keep hiding in cupbords, it'll get wise to your act and just rip them open. It's cunning, it's too fast to outrun, and it just can't be hurt by any of the weapons you get. At best you can scare it off for a few seconds with a flamethrower, or distract it with a jury-rigged decoy. It's the best depiction of a xenomorph in any game yet. The Working Joe synths are just the creepiest things, with their dead rubber faces and glowing eyes and unfriendly corporate soundbites that sound really threatening. They might be scarier than the xenomorph.The mechanics are't terribly innovative, if you've played most survival horror games. You creep, you run, you hide in vents or lockers or under tables, nothing fancy, but all done smoothly and with crisp response and feedback. The crafting system is basic, but that's a good thing because the crafting menu doesn't pause the game, and you really don't want to be distracted by complex recepies. It's perfectly servicable.Best xenomorph game since AvP, and that was more based off Aliens and its endless swarm stuff. There's only one Alien in this, and it's hunting you, and you can't kill it. This is very much the xenomorph from the Nostromo.Excellent game, hugely atmospheric and immersive, and bloody scary when it wants to be, which is most of the time. You should get it."
76561198004485017,Recommended,214490,31703732,Posted: 12 May,all,Lionbush,"Played through this a few times. It's one of the best games I've ever played through, with the best atmospherics I've ever experienced. The best part of it all was the fact that in the early stages I was terrified of doing anything but as I progressed II began to learn how to control my own fear to better survive.Don't pay any attention to the IGN/Gamespot reviews as they seemed to have missed the point of the game altogether. The game mechanics are supposed to be clunky, in that reloading is supposed to be slow and accessing terminals is supposed to take time. It's all to add to the suspense and create that feeling of being exposed whilst you perform a critical task. The save points are designed the way they are so, again, you feel that inbetween saves you are vulnerable which of course you are."
76561198034965024,Recommended,214490,25870149,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,michel,Just amazing!!!
,Recommended,214490,33675650,Posted: 20 July,all,Red,"Alien: Isolation is a wonderfully atmospheric and terrifying survival horror game that captures the very essence of the Alien Universe.The environment itself is almost as scary as the Alien as wires buzz, floors creak, and venthilation shafts groan in response to everything you do which makes you constantly question: ""Is that the Alien coming or am I imagining things?"". Sometimes environmental sounds can muffle the approach of the Alien so being constantly aware of your surroundings is a must.As good as the game seems to be, it's not without it's flaws. The game's crafting system is interesting, but I found myself never bothing with anything other than med-kits for most of the game. The game also seems to hand out weapon ammo like candy, but never provides anything to use it on. The game is also grindingly slow, especially during spacesuit segments. Finally, the game seems to get boring about halfway through, right after receiving a particularly useful item, due to the sheer amount of backtracking involved.Overall I would recommend this game.Pros:-Atmosphere-Sound-Graphics-Genuinely Terrifying-Great Main CharacterCons:-Brutally Slow-Most Craftable Items Are Useless-Tons Of Weapon Ammo That You Never Use-Starts To Get Boring Halfway Through"
,Recommended,214490,13689334,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Yee Boii? :O,Best horror game in space! :) Androids is the most scariest♥♥♥♥♥♥on the ship! 10/10
,Recommended,214490,13877280,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SpaecKow,"The scariest game out now.This is the best game made for the IP, certainly, but that's almost damning the title with faint praise. What it really is, is the most accomplished and sophisticated of the first person horror games released so far.I'm a big fan of Penumbra: Overture and Black Plague, I very much enjoyed Amnesia too. They came along when first person and adventure games were becoming quite stale, so I'll always be very fond of them. I played them with relish and love them for incepting a whole genre, essentially. But they were far from flawless. Likewise the Bioshock franchise, which has many positive qualities, also lacks somewhat. It fails to recreate the sense of tension System Shock 2 had, and it also fails to create a realistic sense of place in its game levels. Atmospheric as Rapture is, it only vaguely felt like a city, and much more specifically like a dungeon for you to kill people in.The reason these games are relevant to this review is because Alien: Isolation recreates them mechanically almost blow for blow. A crafting system not unlike that found in Bioshock exists here, but it's far stripped back, Being lean and always useful but never overpowering you or giving you a too great sense of confidence, in contrast to Bioshocks items and abilities systems which always were, quite frankly, bloated. I initially ignored the system, as I do most crafting systems, be cause they usually ARE ignorable distractions from playing the main game. But here, medpacks, molotovs, noisemakers and all kinds of other junk you can make save you a world of trouble, and you quickly learn to pay attention to the little side areas that contain treasure troves of crafting materials and ammo.Further, Alien: Isolation is imbued with an aesthetic sense far finer than its inspirations. Dialogue and story, especially at the crucial opening act of the game, are subtle, well measured, realistic and feel quite human. Most commendable is Amanda Ripley herself, who functions perfectly as the voice of the player. She never just accepts the bizarrely violent  world on board the station as the half-mute protagonists of Bioshock usually do, and demands explanations from word go. Such a feature is crucial because it allows the player to accept the in-universe situation as an emotional one, not just one with mechanical obstacles and story as pretense for it.This subtle, detail oriented mentality extends to the visuals of the game. Art direction is not just slavishly devoted to the design patterns used for the environments in the original Alien, but also to creating a sense of humanity. Environments are scaled to human use, stuffed with normal human rubbish (candy bars, cokes, pens, papers, the fodder of workstations) and their layouts are logical in the sense of their utility first (a medical centre is planned out just like a medical centre should be), not in the service of gameplay, a mistake both Bioshock and the Frictional games make.And that's the secret to Alien: Isolation. I enjoyed this game immensely. Not because it showed me something new, but because it showed how taking something that's already popular and done well, then adding the extra 10% of love and thought, creates much more than just 10% more fun, it can give a game a reason to be remembered for being more than just ""the best of the three good games amongst dozens of mediocrity that were produced for X movie franchise""."
,Recommended,214490,14100051,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Lord Weh,"Alien: Isolation sticks closer to the first film of the Alien franchise; the xenomorph is a slick and fearsome monster, and you have to crawl your way across a giant spacestation hoping it never finds you.The stealth mechanics are simple but intuitive, the presence of 'lean' buttons show the game's focus on stealth over combat. You spend the majority of the game armed with nothing more powerful than a small, ineffective pistol and a wrench, rummaging through desks and shelves for supplies to cobble together distractions and equipment to help keep you alive. There are a variety of enemies you must (try not to) face; bands of desperate humans who are scavenging supplies themselves and trying to survive on the failing station, the station's servitor synthetics that have malfunctioned in the deadliest way, and the titular alien, who stalks the decks of Sevastopol Station.I should admit straight up that I had to switch the game down to Novice difficulty to complete it, to the game's credit. The enemies feel alert and threatening, on the standard settings they hunt you down if you slip up, and the xenomorph simply kills you in a split second. Whilst many stealth-based games give you a feeling of empowerment from the shadows (Thief / Splinter Cell / Dishonored), Alien: Isolation leaves you shaking inside lockers and under desks, not daring to check your motion tracker in case the sound alerts your foes.The story is very much what you'd expect from an Alien game that focuses on stealth. I can't say I was particularly surprised or shocked at any moment, but the narrative was still engaging enough that I was pulled through the game and wanted to know the resolution. The game is perhaps a little overlong, with sometimes random obstacles popping up to extend some sections; once you have a keycard for a door, the power suddenly goes and you must sneak back across the map to restart the power to use the key, for example, but the mechanics of play work so well these don't feel terrible.Early into my playthrough I likened the game to System Shock 2, although whilst System Shock 2 gradually gave you more and more access to the ship, Alien: Isolation is content to put you into small sandboxes. There are moments where it could be possible to go somewhere you're not required and backtrack a little, but I never backtracked much personally. You do visit most areas a couple of times as required by the plot. Generally you're moved into small to medium-sized sandboxes with an objective, you pick a path to it, then problems and monsters get in the way and you have to adapt. Also, if you die and reload, it moves the enemies around so you don't know where they are, which is terrifying!The save system keeps the tension high, you cannot save where you like, but must punch a card into an 'emergency station' in order to save progress. This takes about 8 seconds or so, overwrites your previous save, and you are immobile whilst doing so. If you've not seen one of these save points for a while you feel all the more invested in being careful, and then the motion tracker starts to beep...Some dislike this save system but I felt it worked effectively, mechanically adding an interesting twist to keep tension high.I feel that the aesthetics of the game really deserve a strong mention, the game gets a thumbs up for the visual style alone. This game is more faithful to the style of the original film than some of the sequels and Prometheus. This is a future as imagined in the 80's, and the flickering film grain on the intro screen says it all. There are VHS tracking lines on communication videos, chromatic abberation pops up all over the place, even the 'sets' of the levels are full of tickertape printers and punch-card computers, the aesthetic design is nothing short of amazing. Sound also plays a key factor, several elements scream 'Alien' and these are doubly effective as you sneak about, with rising orchestral sounds adding to the tension. The sound of xenomorph itself is terrifying (and yes, whilst the alien in the films is slick and stealthy, the heavy padding of the xenomorph here sells it as a heavy and monstrous engine of destruction as you quiver under a desk).Overall, an awesome game that sticks to the vision of the original film, a little overlong with a fairly predictable story, but a worthwhile experience none-the-less if you have the nerves for it."
76561197971305233,Recommended,214490,23885117,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Runie,"Wanna know why this game is brilliant?  MAJOR SPOILERS:I was scared, but managed to play the first 3/5 or so of the game with the light off.THEN I got to the reactor core.  Where there's a WHOLE NEST FULL of aliens just like the ONE you spent half the game trying to kill.  And this time, you don't get pulse rifles and grenade launchers.  That sudden realization of just how bad things have gotten... I'm not sure I've ever seen a video game pull it off that effectively.So I had to turn my light back on."
76561198034587446,Recommended,214490,12419666,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Snowwalker,"It´s really annoying to read so many negative reviews from people, playing this game about 2  hours and going mad because they don´t understand that this game is a survival game and not a first person shooter.I love this game and yes, i died again and again but finally i got it and I´am proud to be successful after some parts in this game (btw i play on hard).So when people complain about they can´t do anything to get rid of the Alien, i think they forget that they are able to build some useful items like the noisemaker.I think the noisemaker is one of the best items to distract the Alien from your position, but don´t begin to run... it´s a perfect organism...This game isn´t easy at all but i don´t care i love it !"
76561198078040400,Recommended,214490,20611330,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Man_In_Suitcase,"A Quick SynopsisAlien: Isolation is a true Alien game that I've wanted for a long time. Not only does it bring back all the best parts of the old franchise such as the anxieties, paranoia and claustrophobic atmosphere, but compliments this with the aesthetics from the original flims. The jist without going into details, is set between Alien and Aliens as you take the helm as Ellen Ripley's daughter Amanda as she is currently searching for clues as to the whereabouts of her mother...ProsStory works well as a whole.Very well optimised, graphics look amazing in general especially the lighting. SLI friendly.Alien's AI will give you that ""Oh you clever girl"" moments, I recommend your first playthough on hard, with a headset, lights off.Working Joes are downright creepy, think bald Michael Jacksons.An array of weapons and homemade gadgets to facilitate different playstyles.Stealth works effectively, but be wary as the Motion Tracker™ will troll you if overused.Mini-hacking games are immersive, keeps you on edge.Soundtrack throughout is brilliant, especially the ending credits.Lengthy campaign, 20 somethin' hrs on hard for my 1st playthrough.ConsCheckpoints/save points can be unforgiving on occasions.The game's AA is poor, but try this:https://github.com/aliasIsolation/aliasIsolation/releasesThe Alien kills you outright if you're unprepared, it'll be fustrating at times.The Flamethower overshadows much of the game's craftable gadgets.Voice/lip syncing issues breaks immersion.End ThoughtsWith the few problems this game has with checkpoint/save pacing and other little annoying issues, it doesn't out weigh the pros, which it's got to be the best Aliens game in quite a while...And lets face it,it's alot less nausea inducing hiding in lockers than it is playing as an Alien in AvP, so you can trade from feeling sick to sh*tting yourself in this game, it's a win-win! Buy it."
,Recommended,214490,21957442,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,"Pure horror and thriller game. A masterpiece for alien lovers. Great graphics and story telling, outstanding sound effects and voice acting.Certainly a must-buy."
,Recommended,214490,29421665,Posted: 22 January,all,congroo,"Hands down, best Alien game ever made. Sound, visuals, story, all top-notch. On scale of 1 to 10 Alien: Isolation is solid 9."
,Recommended,214490,18485451,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,[DB-g] Cai Gwydion,"A fantastic and strong addition to the Alien franchise that takes you back to the first movie. This game holds back on nothing as it tries its best to scare the living daylights out of you, and makes it addictive at the same time. I think that for many people my hours on this game may say it all, and that's only the online hours. This many hours with repeated playthroughs and I am still willing to give it another try. It's a game that makes you think ""What if I did it differently like this?"".Let's get to the story and gameplay:(WARNING: THERE MAY BE SPOILERS AHEAD)Story:The game is set 15 years after the events of the first movie, Alien, and follows the story of Amanda Ripley, the daughter of Ellen Ripley, as she sets out to search for her lost mother. Brought in by the Company after hearing that a deep space station has found some evidence as to what happened to her mother, Amanda boards a vessel that is en route to the orbiting station where said evidence was said to be kept, but problems quickly surface when she is left stranded on the station alone, and with no means of assistance, to which Amanda soon realizes has been severely damaged and is now filled with scared survivors who will do anything, and, if need be, harm anyone to survive, as they try to seek refuge from the coming killer that is the roaming Alien. She must now seek out what help she can from these terrified people, and do whatever possible in order to survive against the Alien's vicious attacks and persistant hunting.Gameplay:The gameplay is smooth and enjoyable. Though it has its moments where it will glitch and a character is unable to move forward or whatnot, or you find yourself in a room full of floating tools, but these bugs are very minor, and many times won't even appear. The UI is handy, and easy to use, especially in a pinch (unless you're trying to switch weapons when the Alien sees you). My only other issue is the slowed auto actions when you are interacting with something, your foes won't wait until you are done, and yet you find you are in these incredibly slow interactions with no means to defend yourself. But apart from those few complaints, this game is an easy win. The AI for this game is also really good, unlike the rumors I had heard about it from Beta, this improved AI makes it hard to relax and take a breather. I would rate this game a near 9/10.Anyway, sorry for this rather long winded review. I don't do these often. But I do highly recommend this game."
76561198062956493,Recommended,214490,16587178,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,{St} July,"Jogo bom demais! Muito suspense, terror, ação, tudo bem equilibrado, gráficos perfeitos e a história muito boa! Esperava bem menos, porém gostei apenas do modo campanha, as dlcs não foi muito do meu agrado, mas, colocando tudo na balança, vale à pena comprar!  Recomendadíssimo! AH e se o lacraião te ver, largue o teclado! Nem adianta fi..."
,Recommended,214490,14176194,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nick The Dad,"WARNING: Alien: Isolation is responsible for me spraining my sphincter.Alien: Isolation is the first game I have played in a while that has truely sucked me in. The atmosphere is outstanding...the game feels like a true blue sequel to the original Alien movie, capturing the gritty feel of the technology and environments that made the movie stand out. The visuals are among the best seen in any game to date, and the attention to detail is quite obvious. The stealth elements to the game are absolutely vital...try to go in guns-blazing, and you're going to end up with a new hole in your head.While I wouldn't really suggest getting the DLC, the game itself is worth every penny and is an absolute blast. I clenched so often and so hard that I think I sprained my sphincter. That makes this a definite buy."
,Recommended,214490,29030917,Posted: 5 January,all,sonyguy,trying to play this Game at night fk that this game scayalsoFK ign 5.9 you are crazy this is 9/10 or at lest 10/10
76561198040024328,Recommended,214490,13617146,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The vintage feeling,"General info~Genre: Survival horror (first person view)~Number of players: 1~Downloadable content: available~Achievements: available~Completion time: 15-25 hoursStrong points+True to the principles ofAlienuniverse (films, video games, H.R. Giger's Art)+Breath taking exterior locations (space walking, orbiting gas giants, etc.)+Interesting characters (meet Amanda Ripley, Company executives and, of course, androids)+Survival of the fittest (sharpen your senses to avoid death, adapt in a harsh environment or die)+Ambience (malfunctioning engines, agonizing people, lurking monsters and that distant bass)+High replay value (ingredients/items change spawn location with each new playthrough)+Rewarding exploration (Collect ingredients and craft devices to heal yourself, distract enemies, etc.)+Danger on every turn (hack doors, open locks, craft objects while being exposed and defenceless)+Price justifiable when compared to the quality of the final product (including voice acting, level design, study of H.R. Giger's artistic aesthetics)Weaknesses-Minor bugs (none of them fatal to gameplay)-Lip motion not always synchronized with sound-Minimal support from the developers concerning various bugs and performance issuesNeutral ground±DLCs of minor value (mainly for time attack mode fans)±A scenario based on already utilized formulae (inAlienfilms)My rating4.5/5A game which rewards persistence, demands adaptability and punishes recklessness. The submarginal technical support from the developers isIsolation's only flaw."
,Recommended,214490,13700634,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SealWare,This game is doing bad things to my blood pressure :(
,Recommended,214490,14595872,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Coconut Cream,Very good horror game and if you are a big fan of Alien franchise then you will adore the attention to detail in it.
,Not Recommended,214490,22972698,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cerberus,"They do a great job with many things. It's genuinely scary, it's deeply thematic, they didn't try to reboot the setting like Prometheus (ie the ships and technology is fitting with it being part of the Alien timeline). I was really looking forward to a great experience after the first few hours.But then when the alien arrives... the gameplay is so much waiting in lockers doing nothing while you wait for the alien to go away. They do a great job building up the scare, but then it arrives and is a huge dissapointment. After the first few times you've had to run and hide in a locker it becomes routine. That isn't challenging or fun, it's boring. So boring I found myself playing on my smartphone while doing it."
76561198290073905,Recommended,214490,33827741,Posted: 27 July,all,gigaC,There is an ugly alien.I recommend it.
,Not Recommended,214490,17113356,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mana,"Before you downvote, please take your time to actually read. I know the fanboyism is compelling you to click that thumbs down because I'm disagreeing with your opinion. But keep an open mind, aright?Right then let's get to business. Alien: Isolation is a GOOD game. It's a really good game. It's probably one of the best surival/horror/sneaky-type games since the release of System Shock. It's gloriously designed, it has tons of atmosphere and for the most part great graphics. The sound design is the best I've heard since the opening levels of Dead Space. The only thing lacking when it comes to graphics is the inclusion of a proper anti-aliasing option. What you have in game is a limited post-processing AA that does a pretty poor job of removing the jaggies.So why do I not recommend this? This sounds like the best game ever! It's actually quite a good game, but it just doesn't appeal to me for a few reasons, and I'll get through them below.First off, the game is incredibly slow. It has some serious pacing issues, wildly fluctuating between intense action and absolutely mind boggingly boring hiding. Mind you, in the beginning this hiding is very tense. You feel something akin to genuine terror as the alien stalks you through the corridors. You listen intently for its footsteps, twitching at every creak of the metal around you, keeping an eye on the motion sensor.But once you've done that for about an hour, painstakingly making your way through a large area and not seen a save station for miles...and get caught by the Alien for the fifteenth time because it decided to jump out of a vent nearby, you're starting to get a touch annoyed. The problem is that there's too much waiting around, sitting in one spot and waiting for the alien to go away so you can go about your business. So you start taking chances and you're suddenly making pretty good progress. Except the times when you accidently gets caught AGAIN.So, in short, the distance between the save stations, combined with the absolute inevitability of death if the alien spots you cause way too much waiting around and a lot of replaying the same sections over and over again. Once you get your hands on the flamethrower you have the option of running the alien off on occasion that slightly alleviates the ""instant death"" scenario. Personally, I'd had a better time if getting spotted wasn't so final. If you actually had a chance to distract the alien or run and hide, it'd be more tense. But for the first half of the game it's mostly ""Get spotted = Die"".Here follows spoilers!So once the alien is out of the picture, the game actually takes a turn for the better. Since the threat of certain death isn't constantly weighing on your shoulders anymore, the game actually becomes even more scary because you suddenly don't know what is out there. There could be ANYTHING around the corner. That motion sensor beep could be friendly. It could be one of those creepy Joes. It could be dangerous human survivors. The lack of knowledge really makes it scary all of a sudden.But then, one and a half levels later, the designers did what finally made me stop playing all together. Everything they did wrong up until this point was tolerable because the rest of the game was so good. But at this point, they decided to remove all your weapons and turn all the androids immune to EMP, Stun Batons and Flashbangs. Leading to a REALLY awkward time fighting them. In addition you are getting put in a very big area connected by single corridors, littered with these near-immortal Joes and a serious lack of hiding places. After playing this level over and over and over, hoping for the right random circumstances I really couldn't bother anymore. In the end, I tried again and again and finally got past that point. The end sections were very intense, but nothing could really make up for the lost enjoyment from that stupidly gamey part. I'm also very disappointed in the ending. Too abrupt and not at all fleshed out. I know some people do like it, but I personally don't.Overall, Alien: Isolation is a great game with some unignorable flaws. It has great story, perfect atmosphere, great graphics and sound, but all mired by the bad pacing and annoying design. If these problems don't bother you, but you see them instead as challenges or something that adds tension, then this IS a game for you because it really is great. It's just that these design decisions ended up being complete annoyances for me personally, so for anyone like me, I do not recommend this game. If you insist on trying it, pick it up on sale. I'd say it's worth it on sale."
,Recommended,214490,26546691,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AlucarD,"It's a very scary and tense game, probably the scariest Alien game ever released alongside AVP 1-2 of course. There are no OP guns and no easy escapes in this one and death literally could await you at every corner. Crank up the sound and that pulse tracker because you are in for a long ride :D"
76561198029939934,Recommended,214490,12460195,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Djtechlive,"Great game, the streamtwitch.tv/djtechloved it. I played it and beat it on HARDMODE.  BUT I MUST SAY DAT ENDING DOE"
,Recommended,214490,12793677,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Frosty Peppers,"Like your childhood dreams of being chased by something faster than you while you move like you had too much to eat at the buffet (you fat lard) And being paranoid about darkness and sounds. Mum tapped my shoulder to let me know dinner is ready, punched her in the face, now I have assautl charges.12/10 Would punch mum again"
,Recommended,214490,26968325,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2H2K Rachie,Seriously.. My favourite horror game of ALL time. Such a great atmosphere.. made even more terrifying by the fact you can't attack the aliens at the start of the game. It is also graphically stunning & I'm so happy that sega made a masterpiece. Even though I'm sad there won't be a follow up.. I would feel like nothing could compare to this game anyway. Many times I tried hiding under tables only to be discovered.. and that first moment you see an alien is unforgettable. Pays great homage to the movies. Would recommend to anyone!
76561197994754891,Recommended,214490,31942902,Posted: 24 May,all,stickyshooZ,"The graphics and the atmosphere are beautiful, and fit the imagery of the first two movies almost to a T. From the control panels, the crew recreation rooms, to the engine rooms, you feel immersed in the Alien universe, as if you're revisiting a familiar place from your childhood. Along the lines of graphics, many areas are dimly lit to create a feeling of a long dead, abandoned vessel, which adds to the tension. The music is also noteworthy in terms of quality, but there are times when the music feels too loud, which can interfere with keeping your senses about you if you're trying to sneak and listen for any potential threats around you. Thankfully, this is a rare occurrence, but it can take you out of the immersion on a few instances.Now for the actual Alien. I think I need to state at this point that this is NOT a shoot 'em up game. It is first and foremost a survival game. Throughout the first third of the game it's nearly impossible to actually fight the Alien. You will be fighting against other survivors and hostile droids, as well. But combat creates a lot of noise which could potentially attract the Alien, so you need to pick your battles wisely. You can use various crafted items to either distract it or or temporarily drive it back, but there is no killing it. I did my first play through on ""Hard"" mode, which is one difficulty level down from the highest (""Nightmare""). And the Alien can be relentless. When you can't actually see the alien, you can often hear it scurrying about in the vents above you, or walking throughout the area. If you make too much noise, that creature is going to come looking for you. If you get spotted, you have limited options. Don't even bother trying to outrun it, because you won't make it. Your auditory senses are just as important, if not more important than your visual senses when determining how close the Alien is to your proximity. You can't really drive the alien away until you can craft Molotovs, Pipe Bombs, or until you get the flame thrower.I don't know if this next statement is true or not, but I'm only basing it on my own experiences and observations. I believe the Alien is adaptable to certain strategies and attacks. Meaning, that if you use one strategy too many times in succession, the AI will adapt and begin to change strats. Not only that, but it seemed like the more I used the flamethrower on the Alien during the course of a sticky situation, it took more and more hits than before to drive it away.Once you learn what you can and can't get away with in terms of combating the alien or hiding from it, it becomes much easier to manage, but it will still be difficult. A lot of the initial tension, for me at least, was not knowing what I could or couldn't do against it, because if you get caught and you don't react fast enough, you're dead.The game constantly lures you into a false sense of being ""in the clear"" so to speak. You accomplish one thing, thinking that you are about to be momentarily safe, but then something goes wrong, and all the sudden you're thrown back into an uneasy, ""think fast!"" situation.The PROs:-Visuals are amazing. You feel like this actually could have been a movie within the Alien franchise. It's the game that the franchise deserves.-The lore feels rich. Over the course of the game you can acquire tapes and written logs from various civilians who were on board the station before and during the outbreak. You get to feel connected to the characters (some of whom you never actually see on screen) and it assists in the immersion of the panic and terror that everyone is feeling. It is kind of reminiscent of the various diaries and logs that you could find in the first Resident Evil.-The game actually works to create tension, rather than relying on cheap scares. The cheap tactic does happen occasionally, but not so much that the game uses it as a crutch.-The crafting system is cool and gives you the ability to create different devices and tools to use for certain situations. Literally every single item in this game is very useful at one point or another.-The game is challenging overall, but the final couple of acts in particular make you work extremely hard. Beating it felt super satisfying.The CONs:-There is a certain degree of backtracking. Not necessarily to find some important key item, but often times you'll complete your immediate objective and then get detoured into having to go back in order to get to where you need to go. The positive note is that as you backtrack, you often gain access to certain areas which you couldn't access prior.-You will die. A lot. The game at least has the foresight to have an abundance of save points, so if you do die, you won't be set too far back. I advise to save as often as possible, because there will be certain times when you think you don't need to save, but you accidentally made too much noise and the Alien showed up unexpectedly. And now you're dead and you have to start all the way back. There is a certain degree of trial and error in terms of figuring out the best way to handle certain situations.-Lack of combat can feel disappointing at times. I went into this game already with a clear idea of what the game was, but I still had moments where I lamented at feeling as though I had no meaningful options to actually fight the Alien - but just ways to prolong the inevitable of hiding or sneaking. This changes a little bit once you get the flamethrower, but like I said, you can't actually kill it. Fighting the human survivors feels good, though. Don't try to fight the droids only with your melee weapon, you will get molested. Even when using your pistol they can still take several headshots before going down.Overall: A great game for anyone who is a fan of the Alien franchise, and a good game all around in general. Normally I'm not really into these types of games, as I generally prefer a more combat heavy system, but this one is the exception. This isn't DOOM, or Wolfenstein, or Resident Evil. It's its own thing. Recommended."
,Recommended,214490,13907149,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,MGKoolie,"There are both good and bad things about this game.Pros: Aliens,Ellen Ripley's voiceand good game timeGreat story to continue the franchise.27 hours worth of playtime on medium difficulty, if you creep around slowly and hide in a closet for a hour or two lol.Cons: Glitches in random places.From the very begining I experienced a problem with the fuse boxes. I would enter the interface and then after it loaded the screen it wouldn't allow me to reroute the power to other areas. It would get stuck and not allow me to exit the fuse box. I reload and it would happen again so after reloading 3 times I was finally  able to finish messing with the box.I had problems with the levels loading properly and the only way to fix was by lowering the resolution down to 800x600 and changing the graphics down to low on everything.Overall experience 8/10I could give a better review but honestly its a good game but does have some problems that go along with it like most games."
76561198028875270,Recommended,214490,33490939,Posted: 12 July,all,Tankmin,"I'm not entirely sure how I feel about this game, so each portion of my review will be split into good and bad parts. For reference, I started this game on hard, got stuck, and then much later I played through the whole thing on normal mode, which I still found to be somewhat challenging. At the time of writing this review, I have only completed the campaign and not any of the survival challenges, and have about 23 hours in it.GameplayGood:At it's best, this game is a excellent experience. Hiding from the alien, humans, andSynthswhile going through interesting level designs is a lot of fun. One thing I liked was avoiding getting shot, hiding, then allowing the alien to kill whoever shot at me (drawn to the noise) then looting the body after it leaves. Mid-game is great, you basically have nothing to kill enemies with and have to use a combination of stealth, level design strategy (figuring out where/when to hide), item use (you get to craft noise makers, flash bangs, etc), and the motion tracker to make progress. Speaking of the motion tracker, it's a great mechanic that gives you a general idea of where enemies are without outright telling you (they could be on a different floor for example), and in the vents (usually safest areas) they stop working which I find cool. There's a crafting system that allows you to craft different things with the same resources as other things, so there are decisons to be made with your resources (do i craft a health injector, or do I make a weapon item?). At it's, it's a tense game of hide and seek with the alien andSynths, but I mean that in a good way.Bad:At it's worst, this game is extremely disrespectful to the player and player's time. The first hour and a half there's basically no gameplay, just picking up some stuff, setting up story, etc. After that, however, the game starts to get good fo a while. Then everything just kind of takes a nosedive during the last 4 hours, just basically walking from point a to point b with little to nothing in the way for the majority of the time. You like quick-time-event-esque sequences for every door you unlock, every generator you turn on, every thing you weld to cut into? I didn't, and towards the end of the game these things only became more common to the point of being the majority of what you do. They seem to exist to create a sense of tension, like ""oh no, the alien's here and I gotta do this game of simon says quickly while also being nervous"", but this only really became a factor like twice in my playthrough. During the final period of the game when you do come across aliens andSynths, it's basically a joke becauseyou're given a flamethrower that makes the alien run away, and enough shotgun ammo to kill the advanced synthswhich kinda ruins the stealth part of this game which was kind of the whole point. Also, the entire game is basically sneaking/going from point a to point b, but the map doesn't tell you what floor your destination is on, puts the destination marker in a confusing place (like a place outside of where your map will show), and sometimes it puts the marker in the wrong place (like just far enough away from where you actually need to go to be confusing). Because of that, I often felt like I was playing, as James Rolfe would say, a ""'where the ♥♥♥♥ do I go?' kind of game"", even with the motion tracker pointing you to the next objective. So unfortunately a sizable chunk of my 20ish hours was artificial longetivity that could have been remedied by having more threats late game and having a 3D map. Also the portions where you walk outside in a space suit, while beautiful, were painfully slow.GraphicsGood:The attention to detail in this game is amazing. It makes you really feel you stepped into the world of the first film, right down to all the retro-futuristic technology. The alien looks great, theSynthsare frightening, the ship interior and exterior are extremely faithful to the sets of the first film, partical effects and lighting are on point, the list goes on and on. My favorite visual parts were looking through windows on the ship to see the ship exterior, wearing a space helmet and walking outside, and I loved all the effects and little details they did for the computer screens. Not to mention, I ran this on a pc rig from 2011 and very rarely went below 50fps on decent settings, so I'd say it's very well optimized for how great it looks.Bad:How can I have cons when I just gushed about how great the graphics were? Well, they could be pretty buggy. Mouth animations sometimes didn't work, I saw a guy waving his hands (like some people do when they talk) before he actually started talking, sometimes the transit area models just fail to load (they're still there, just invisible), repeatedly swinging your wrench results in it turning invisible, sometimes the guns of enemies you've killed float in midair where they spawned originally, sometimes you can see an item in your invetory floating somewhere until you take it out again, floating items in general, etc. Sometimes when I was hiding in a locker the alien's head clipped right through it which scared me, but since it didn't see me I was ok. These graphical bugs happened a bit too often for me to let it slip. Also the human in game models were kinda off looking, and Ripley's arms were like way too skinny and weird looking.AudioVoice acting and sound design were great, so I'll just leave it at that.StoryI'm getting tired of typing all this right now, so I'll just say the story was pretty good and faithful to the source material for the most part, but it didn't really go anywhere. It was cool reading all the little log files people left at computers, but eventually they all kept saying the same stuff over and over from different perspectives so I just skipped over a lot of them. I will say, if you haven't seen any of the films, you can play this game just fine."
,Recommended,214490,13888948,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,bitchfucker133,"Already finished the game and still watching the walkthroughs and trailers. It's the masterpiece alien fans have being awaiting for a long time, and it follows the characteristics of the alien and the general atmosphere to the T."
,Recommended,214490,29996830,Posted: 17 February,all,Emma Bear Gnomes,"Great game. The Alien is smart - the Alien will get to know you, like a good friend. Though, if you know what's well for yourself you'd keep it as a close aquiantance."
,Recommended,214490,32888935,Posted: 27 June,all,PiotrekPolska,ALEN IS ISOLATED 100 % ! :D
76561198089052394,Recommended,214490,20180185,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Alien Isolation		* 10/10I definitely loved this game. I enjoyed the old Alien Vs Predator 2, that was fun, but this is how And Alien Game is supposed to be.+++Pros+++- The Story. No spoilers, But this game puts you in difficult situations where you struggle to get through, and when you finally understand how it works the game shows you ""it doesn't matter anymore"" and  totally changes the situation. One of the best turning point in so long...- The Alien. That Damn b@$t@rd... He forced me to play in easy difficulty... He plays dirty, I'm warning you... XD- The world. Graphically beautiful, specially the outer space sections (...spoilers? Nah), but the insides are remarkable as well as they are built to follow the locations and the technologies of the original Movie.- The Characters. Definitely good interpretations and situations. Especially Amanda (Pretty Obvious) and Samuels---Cons---- The Alien. That Damn b@$t@rd... He forced me to play in easy difficulty... He plays dirty, I'm warning you... XD- Androids. I hate them... 'nuff said... XD- AMD? What is AMD? XD"
76561198096055485,Recommended,214490,33530928,Posted: 14 July,all,sHirobANe,"10 outta 10~ This game scared the begeesums out of me. After mid-game, you prolly have enough knowledge on how to dodge, sneak, distract, play around the aliens~ But sometimes, shetty shet happened. Bahahaha what I did, I tried to throw a noisemaker across the room and then the alien suddenly pops his head out of the way. Kaploosh~ a bong on its head. Other times, the alien likes to drop out of the vents terribly near you. Best game :D"
76561197970513428,Recommended,214490,23765666,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mothman,This game is freaking terrifying but an awesome game nonetheless.Do not play in the dark as everyone will hear your scream.
,Recommended,214490,25035779,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Predatoring Intensifies,"Perfectly captures both the visuals and tone of the original alien movie making this a treat for die hard fans. The gameplay can be hit or miss depending on how much you enjoy stealthy walking simulators, and it may have been just a couple hours too long for this kind of game - once you've spent enough time avoiding the alien you start to learn the way it behaves (which at times can seem like complete bs) and the repeated game of cat and mouse starts turning from tense to slightly annoying."
76561197970102869,Recommended,214490,13823182,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,-=F13=-ROCK,"This game is hands down one of the most scary game I have ever played. an ultimate SIFI horror! Heart pounding! Even before I saw the Alien for the first time, the music score alone had me in a panic thinking the creature was right behind me as I waited for an elevator. And when I finally saw the creature I was wishing to be back on the level before I saw it. Panic would set in as you would hide from this creature as it stalked you. The telltail THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! of its footsteps as it roamed the halls looking for its next victim. THAT DARN HISSING AND GROWLING IT WOULD MAKE! And as you hide from it, sometimes with very little cover, your heart will start pumping and that fight or flight feeling will come over you. And then ..... It STOPS RIGHT NEXT TO YOU AS IF TO TURN AND OUNCE ON YOU! and you think it's  GAME OVER MAN GAME OVER! then it walks off.....Leaving you catching your breath. Oh and did I mention I'm not far along in this game? LOL I highly recommend playing this game in the dark by yourself. This game will have you on the edge of your seat and leaning off to one side just to hide a little better from the creature! I would give this game a 5 out of 5 star rating. Good luck and I hope you make it!"
,Recommended,214490,12395759,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Bastila,"Absolutely fantastic. Lives up to everything promised. Clearly this team actually does love and cherrish the source material. I have absolutely no regrets about preordering. Only problems were some occasional model clipping, but thats to be expected in any game. The game ran almost perfectly. I did have some crashes and bugs, but that was only related to one specific enemy. I do not wish to say which specific enemy caused these bugs because spoilers, but it wasnt the Xenomorph, Androids, or the Humans. I was quite surprised at the number of weapons in the game, shotgun and pistol to name a few. The Xenomorph is smart and can't die, but on easy difficulty becomes more of a minor inconvience once you get your hand on the flamethrower. I wish I could give it a rating higher than 10/10, but sadly thats impossible, no matter how many other reviewers say 11/10."
,Recommended,214490,15482858,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GunnarRoxen,"Bloody excellent. I loved every minute, even those where I was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself.The attention to detail is phenomenal. It is like wrapping yourself in a blanket of 70's dystopian sci-fi.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,20130915,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kraftakall,"Triple A rating......why?Because after playing just for 40 minutes, I feel inclined and motivated to write a review on this game......since i know a great game even just from the intro and begining of it.Loyal to the movies... characters, sceneries, music etc...Beautiful graphics...Game for grownups......and alot of sweat !!!Time to turn the volume up, set audio to headphones and head back in...... I hope I won´t meet any monsters and make it back alive ;-)"
,Recommended,214490,12403380,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Zurakci,"Hooooooly ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥monkey this game is what amnesia should have been (not as Amnesia being bad, but it is not as scary). This game got it all (almost) except multiplayer. It even got flamethrowers!!This game is a must buy for you who doubt it. Its really good. This is a step forward (or two) since Colonial Marines."
,Recommended,214490,17965354,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,GhostWriter,"Gameplay:You may hear about the fact that the second half of the game has some ""issues"", but I did not find this to be as bad as others may lead you to believe.The build up to the first enemy encounter is done very well. It doesn't just throw you into the action (which would make you too comfortable with the enemies). Up to Mission10, your encounters with the alien will be reminiscent of Amnesia. You won't have very effective deterrents and you will need to hide a lot. Sometimes the Alien will pin down your location and begin to take a relatively repetitive pattern. In these situations you need to use a Pipe Bomb, Noisemaker, Molotov and possibly the Flare to disrupt it and escape.A lot of the complaints you will hear come from Missions11and12. At this point you will already have theFlamethrowerand you will receive an excessive amount of supplies while fighting the relatively easy to beatWorking Joes. I don't agree with people's complaints here. These missions make you begin to feel comfortable and make you let your guard down. (Personally, I thought it was nice to take a sort of intermission and enjoy the atmosphere for a few levels.) Then in Mission #13 you are thrown into an area withRaincoat Working Joes (invulnerable to everything except the Shotgun and Bolt Gun).This brings the difficulty level back up, but it's arguably less intense because they do notinsta-kill.For the lastfiveMissions of the game, you will be thrown back into theintense Alien Survival Horror gameplay, but this time you will really need the items you collected through the last few levels. This last segment of the game is a blend of Survival Horror and Action. It fits well at this point due to the amount of different enemies you have to deal with.I honestly enjoyed the change of pace after Missions3 - 10. The Survival Horror style gameplay, admittedly, can get long and tedious. I don't mind the game stepping back from that style at times (rather than trying to be absolutely 100% non-stop Amnesia, which would have been increasingly repetitive for a game of this length).Those who want more of that Survival Horror style gameplay should look at the Corporate Lockdown, Safe Haven, and Lost Contact DLC.In summary, you should expect (in this order):2 Missions of simply eerie atmosphere.6 Missions with a healthy amount of Survival Horror.1 Mission of back story that Alien fans should enjoy.3 Missions of respite from the Survival Horror, replaced with Action elements.5 Missions of Survival Horror, but with some Action blended in due to an excess of items (depending on how much you have collected through the game) and more enemies.Graphics:They do not disappoint. Particle effects, lighting, and textures all looked great. My only complaint is some of the 3rd person character animations looked a bit “uncomfortable”.There are several .ini edits that can be done to enhance Shadow Maps, Planar Reflections (floor), and Level of Detail. Seehereandhere.Length:It took me about 26 hours to beat on Hard.Atmosphere:This game has all the creepiness and retro-futuristic feel of  Alien, but with the added uncertainty of a large derelict space-station built and run by an off-brand corporation. Great attention to detail was taken to make everything, including the UI, have an authentic Alien Franchise feel to it.Optimization:The game ran constantly well above 60FPS on Max Settings (with enhanced Shadows, Reflections and LOD. See ""Graphics"") on a GTX 970 G1 and i5 4690K @ 4.4ghz. I had no frame drops or any noticeable performance problems.Other thoughts:The voice acting done for Amanda Ripley was wonderfully done. You can hear the fear, sarcasm, and bravery in her voice depending on the circumstance. At points where events get very intense, the panic in her voice is noticeable and authentic.Similar to Bioshock, there are recordings scattered around through the levels. Many of these add to the story at just the right time, but some of them are just filler.The majority of the game has a “wild ride” style story (survival through non-stop adversity and such), but I found the ending to be weak. It is reminiscent to the ending of  the film“All is Lost”, except not executed nearly as well.The music has complements the game well, playing dynamically at just the right times. It ranges from high-tension strings, to space synth scores.Final Verdict:I thoroughly enjoyed this game from start to finish. The gameplay does change as the game progresses, but I found it to be for the better. The theme and atmosphere of the game are executed well.I give it a 9/10Bug Notes:Slow animations after cut-scenes.Solution: Wait for about 30 seconds and it should return to normal.Flamethrower  constantly play a ""sloshing"" noise after reloading.Solution: ADS usually fixes it.Significantly longer load times than usual.Solution: Load a previous save. This only happened to me once. I believe this to be a save corruption issue."
,Recommended,214490,17636478,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,Creative Assembly puts pay to Sega's troubles with the monster franchise with a determinedly authentic survival horror.
,Recommended,214490,12997760,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mxthe,"Alien Isolation is indeed the best Alien video game adaptation out there.It is long but well paced, and contains so many winks to the movies, and respects the franchise to an amazing degree.The visuals are simply amazing, I was really impressed multiple times by the smoke particles and the lighting, as well as the level design and how faithful it was to the movie.Some people have complaints about the game being repetitive, and being about fixing machines and opening doors etc.But if you take a look at the movies, that is pretty much all they are about too, they make a plan to escape, do some SCI-FI stuff and it usually goes sideways and they need to adapt and make a new plan.The game is a perfect adaptation of that, and in my opinion it was just the right lentgh.I enjoyed the Stealth mechanics (played on Hard) and I really enjoyed using the tools that the game gave me to distract/attract the Alien.I finished the game without killing any humans, I would instead attract Androids/Alien to kill them for me, and that felt very satisfying and cool.All in all, this is now one of my favorite survival horror games, not because it's scary, but because of how well the world is crafted, and how immersive it feels."
76561198002681709,Recommended,214490,13767053,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,zap451,"Ridley Scott's 1979 ""Alien"" was one of the first horror movies I ever saw as a kid. I grew up loving the Alien movies and this game was an awesome homage and add on to the story of the original.Although this game scored higher postive review scores than negative ones, I was confused about some of the gamer complaints.....""It's too hard. I have to hide all the time. "" I'm not sure what mode they played it on, but I played it on normal and had a f****** blast! This is by far the best ""Alien"" game out of the many disasters and the only one people should play.PROS:*GORGEOUS graphics and attention to detail (I wondered around for hours just reading posted notes attached to desks)*Amanda Riply is a fantastic lead character, who for once said MANY of the things I was thinking when I have played similar ""fix-and-fetch"" quests. For example: ""Why is this ship a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"" ""WHy don't you go fix the power reactor?"" ""Why are you all so worthless at fixing ANYTHING?!"" I chuckled several times.*The gadgets you can make are pretty cool and not just ""balls-to-the-walls"" machine guns and grenande launchers. You have to rely on stealth.*The Working Joe androids were scarier than the Alien itself. The little things they mutter to themselves and to others are f****** creepy.*The DLC ""Crew Expendable"" and ""Lone Survivor"" are great because they allow you to play actual characters from the original Alien story. These are short, but sweet.CONS:Although I probably loved everything about this game there was one CON that I agreed with when reading the other gamer/critic reviews.The game play is consistent and the story line awesome, but it reaches a  point around hour 16 when you REALLY think the game is going to wrap up and finish and then........it continues for another four hours. This is not necessarily a bad thing because you are having fun, but it needs to be trimmed down. Not only that, I found the final four hours of the entire game to be the only times I became frustrated."
,Recommended,214490,13773200,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Drinniol,"it puts the 'ayy' in ""ayy lmao"""
76561198007747398,Recommended,214490,29999241,Posted: 17 February,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"The game is terrifying at first, but as you progress, especially after you get the flame thrower, it becomes more tense than horrifying. After my playthrough, I went back and watched the movie again. I have to say, the game did the best job of delivering the original content and atmosphere. The details are absolutely faithful to the movie.If you are a Alien movie fan, this game is a must-buy.9/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,35481663,Posted: 4 October,all,Naar,"On the plus side, the attention to detail that went in to making this game is really great to see. The future-if-everything-was-vaguely-70s vibe from the film is maintained flawlessly, the graphics are great (chromatic aberration! lens flares!) and the sound design is stellar.Unfortunately, I didn't find the gameplay very fun, given that any failure on your part (or whim of the AI) almost always leads to death. Having an alien semi-randomly drop down nearby, somehow sense you're there (despite being out of sight and not making any noise) and murder you, causing you to lose whatever progress you've made since the last save station, is not sufficiently respectful of my time. For me, compared to classic stealth games like Thief, this just doesn't stack up."
,Recommended,214490,34000489,Posted: 3 August,all,E- la -in,This game is very good. Scary and the attention to detail on the station and everything is just so good. Get it!
76561198030412338,Recommended,214490,12509876,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,[ - ] ZerugreN §,"Alien Isolation is a fantastic game and a great addition to the game library of any true Alien fan. I just finished my first playthrough, took me around 20 hours, and it was a rewarding experience. You can tell there was a lot of work put into the game, from game mechanics, level design, graphics, sounds, everything up to the smallest detail. The alien looks and behaves perfectly, every time i restarted he was in a different place which adds value to what your next move will be.I know people have been giving this game all kinds or reviews, saying its too long and repetitive, the aliens moves being predictable etc. but i found none of those things to be entirely accurate. The missions need to create the environment where you will be alone for a while to experience the atmosphere fitting of the alien hunting you. Also the alien was everything but predictable, you can even get killed from the ceiling vent without seeing him. And certain levels will simply leave you speechless.Positive:- breathtaking graphics and level design- great music and soundeffects- inteligent alien that actually provokes the feel of insecurity and helplessness wherever you go- the game perfectly balances tension in different parts of the game so you arent just being chased all the time- challenging game difficulty forcing you to use different methods and think twice before you make your move- a lot of eastereggs and awesome scenes that remind you of the original Alien film- game lenght, yes i definitely wouldnt want this to last just 2-3 hours, dont know why people complain about thisNegative:- disappointing ending for my taste, hopefully there will be a DLC to continue the story- the price! (50 euro)CONCLUSIONIf you ever wondered whether there will be a game that can restore the dignity of Alien based games after that horrendous A:CM, wait no longer. This is the game for you, and if youre an Alien fan its a must have. Alien Isolation is a masterpiece and Im sure to give it a couple more playthroughs.Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,214490,15543318,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Tarka,"This game was my first purchase in 2015.It is truly a blood refreshing game, I experienced and felt things I've never before.An Amazing game & now looking forward to the season pass.I died 27 times..... the last time I got hit by a train."
76561198036294181,Recommended,214490,12563589,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,mightycow88,"Pretty Cool guys. Once you play it you don't really want to play again, because it's super scary :)"
,Recommended,214490,24805733,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,bulky base,"The best gaming experience I've had in years. Clean, polished, innovative, and daring.I'm not even done with my first play-through (although I can sense that I am drawing near to the end of the game), and I can already say that this is one of the GREATEST gaming experiences I've ever had.(EDIT, 8/14/16: So, I finally completed the game last night, and everything I said in this review remains true to my experience. Also, some of my playtime was offline, so we're looking at a 40 hour playthrough! However, it can be completed way quicker than this; I spent TONS of time hiding and cowering in fear!)- - -Here's why I think everyone (except people who don't like horror games) should play Alien: Isolation (these aren't ordered in any particular fashion):Just like the original Alien film, the beginning of this game dedicates a great deal of time to ""setting the stage"" and building the suspense before things get rolling!Alien: Isolation is absolutely terrifying, and not in a cheap way. The suspense is perpetual. Some games scare you by simply taking you by surprise with jump-scares. Although this game has some of those, it is mostly just really intense, drawn-out suspense that leaves you with wet shorts---and there are very few ""breaks"" from this!Overall, the quality of game presented here is just amazing. I can think of very few other games where the developers were so attentive to the details and intentional in making sure that every nook and cranny was detailed, and that every game sequence was flawless.The Creative Assembly paid incredible attention to detail in designing this game's environments; even if you haven't seen the Alien films, it is a pure joy to experience the stationl. If youhaveseen them, you are in for a major treat. (There are TONS of little references to things in the movies, like the little swinging bird ornaments, computer console aesthetics, etc.)The alien is VERY smart, and learns from your actions. It learns! At times, it even seems to just mess with you! That's nuts, man!!The alien---the core gameplay mechanic---was really a daring idea, and quite a risk for the devloper to take; most people don't play games to get hunted! But in the end, the whole gameplay premise was extremely well executed and incredibly innovative!Lots of backstory pieces to find during the game, so much that you probably won't find everything during the first playthrough.Although A:I is not a typical ""shooter"" per se, it has fantastic FPS mechanics and controls. I found the leaning mechanic particularly useful and overall gameplay smooth and polished.Alien: Isolation puts the player in a situation that is quite different from other games, one of pure hopelessness, fear, and impending doom. When I played this it really felt likeIwas in that situation, and fighting for survival---and it was unsettling!This game runs great, without compromising visual fidelity. The graphics are absolutely stunning, especially considering it is a couple of years old. It's really great to look at.This game is LONG, and just when I think it's over, it keeps going! It's great! (Seriously, why would anyone complain about a game being too long? I never want this game to end!)- - -My only gripe with this game is that the cutscenes are pre-rendered and run at 20fps, but that's hardly even a complaint... the rest of the game is incredibly polished and, dare I say, near-perfect.- - -I don't often feel the need to do this, but I plan on writing the dev team a thank-you letter for creating such a great game. Really a fantastic, unique gaming experience, one I won't ever forget.- - -A few recommendations for playing this game:Play with a controller; this game is a console port, after all. It's gamepad controls are well-designed and the game doesn't really require M+KB precision.PLAY WITH HEADPHONESPLAY IN THE DARK, AT NIGHTPLAY SMART, BUT PATIENTLY (do this and you won't die as much as people say)PLAY ON ""HARD"" OR ABOVE (although I would not recommend the hardest difficultyf for your first play-through)KEEP A CLEAN PAIR OF SHORTS NEARBYAlien: Isolation is pure gold. If you like suspense and getting paralyzingly scared of crazy extra-terrestrial monsters, this game is your ticket to a good time.Hope this helps! Have fun!Also, IGN is garbage."
,Recommended,214490,16684256,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lexd,"I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies."
,Recommended,214490,12734439,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Marcelus,"In my opinion. Game Of The Year 2014! :)Pros:- In all gameplay areas is on a good level of quality (Stealth improving the feeling from games like Outlast, very subtle but tense action, the crafting system similar to games likes The Last of Us and the backtracking, wich is not boring at all).- The game lenght (19 missions = almost ""26 hours in Survivor"" mode)- You get some weapons but you're not overpowered at all.- The distribution of enemies and kind of moments during the playthrough. You're always anticipating what's next to deal and getting your mind prepared for a different approach.- Is related to the Alien (1979) xeno-universe.- A very optimized in-house engine by the people of The Creative Assembly. Is not perfect but I think it makes a great role on all platforms (including last gen). In this PC version DOF, radiosity, ambient occlusion and SSS nice. Particles sprites and bakes looks really nice. Every room or moments deserves an screenshot.- The art, the layout they took from original Nostromo and the lighting and feeling of environments. Is not that oppened but is a little step from other too linear games.- Sound design, folley and the London Philharmonic Orchestra.- Related with the folley, the Alien AI is most of the time interesting and feels different each time.- The variety of mini puzzles- The scary door haha!- SPOILER: The Nest!- Amanda Ripley's voice acting- Play it with DualShock 4 was great. Most of the actions feels better like the DOF control with one trigger and watching on the corners.- And of course. The hardest mode. I almost go back to normal but finally I beat the game slowly. It's very rewarding.Cons:- I wish we could see more NPC's and side quest during the game.- Some little pop-up assets between a final and a low poly mesh.- The in-house engine works great but Nostromo outside looks bad.- Some rigged characters looks robotic.- The FMV use in some parts of the game.- The face hugger death animation ¬¬ (the cheapest animation in 2014)- SPOILER: Samuels artificial life end's too soon :(- We have to wait for a second part ;)Recommendations:- Use good headsets ;)- Use Dualshock 4 or an Xbox Controller (is not an FPS)- DON'T EVER RUN!- Learn to craft wisely...some items are not that usefull if you're in a humans / alien / working joe's area.- RUN! Against working joes if you get discovered use an EMP Mine or an Stunt Baston and just run! (I don't know how difficult is to kill one in normal but in the ""Survival"" is a pain the A*s).- Flares can be useful. And there's a lot of them.- Enjoy the tapes ;) (all of them!)- Enjoy the music boomboxes like you enjoyed the rest room in Resident Evil games haha!- Keep moving. AI (most of the time) don't let you be that passive.Alien Isolation es a great game that we didn't expect after the fiasco of Colonial Marines. It's great that games like Amnesia, Outlast or others are creating a new tendence of survival or at least horror games. In my personal opinion Alien Isolation is really refreshing for the AAA consumers ;) A game that should 100% be played to all sci-fi lovers ;)"
76561197990949894,Recommended,214490,13841010,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Symbiote,"BEST ALIEN GAME EVER!I am a HUGE Alien fan, and so I was really hesitant to pick up this game in fear that it would disappoint me…. I am VERY GLAD that I chose to give it a chance!Alien Isolation stays true to the source by capturing and adapting every detail (big and small) from the movie. From the eerie soundtrack and sound effects, down to the 1980s computer terminals. To say that I was impressed by the game’s environment would be an understatement. While the art and sound helps set the right atmosphere, the game also has a wonderful story that made me want to keep playing just to find out what’s going to happen next…. No matter how scared I was, I kept pushing forward.  And on that note, the true icing on the cake is the masterfully terrifying AI that was bestowed on the Alien creature that is hunting you down on the station. It is very unpredictable, to such a degree that I would spend 5-10 minutes hiding in a locker still wondering whether or not it’s safe to come out. I played the game on medium difficulty, I am sure on Hard the AI is even more intense. Definitely adds a whole new level of terror to the horror FPS genre.In conclusion, if you love nearly flat-lining while playing a video game, Alien Isolation won’t disappoint you. And if you love Alien and you ever wanted to know what it would feel like to try and outsmart a Xenomorph, this game captures that experience wonderfully! I was scared all throughout, and I enjoyed every second of it.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,20791875,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,VonDoom4,This game is sooo intense that I almost sh*t my pants! I was so scared all the time. Sometimes I just had to stop playing the game and check doors to my room if nobody is there. Story is just awesome as scary environment and Alien is really enemy to count with as you are always hiding somewhere and waiting for your destiny. You can't just beat it and you have to admit that you are its prey.
,Recommended,214490,13846945,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pnicem8+,"As you can see, i only played 2.8hrs bc im foken scared.Everything in this game is so smooth, I just knew that its not my type, bc i get scared easily.Trying things aint bad. Good Game n everythin'!Someone pls give me courage to play more!"
76561197981513845,Recommended,214490,17356124,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AlexTheRussian,"Alien in the darkOh Can I run any fasterShi'ttn my pants againOutstanding game.It has a very minor issues with pacing, perhaps, but rest assured, entire time you are playing it, you will be on the edge of the seat.Highly recommend playing it on hard difficulty rather than normal or easy. It will make every level, every encounter feel nerve wracking, alien intelligence and the amount of time it spends hunting you increase with difficulty, which makes you feel alive once you complete the level.DLC is not worth it, unless you are a real fan of the movies, adds very little to the entertainment value of the game."
,Recommended,214490,15235623,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Abhi,"It is easily the best horror game I had ever played.The atmosphere is intense and the graphics are truly next gen and god I love those lighting effects in this game, most of the time I get killed by the xeno while admiring the visuals but there are some problems with anti-aliasing.And whenever the xeno makes an appearance it's so damn intense, no other game makes you feel so tensed, most of the horror games are scripted and so it becomes easey when you play for the second time but here everything is unpredictable, the ai is one of the best I had seen, and the campaign will be tedious for some doing mundane tasks and getting no reward for anything you do might frustrate you, but I loved the game because the atmosphere, the developers nailed it and the xeno mixed with a very good soundtrack [mostly ambience kind of sound] completely overshadows the negatives of the game.And this is the exact game that alien fans were waiting for a long time."
,Recommended,214490,18738217,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,X33N,This game single-handedly changed me from hating the Horror genre.  I've played through multiple times and love watching people play it on Twitch.  It is an absolutely fantastic game.
,Recommended,214490,13030776,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,WeskerBot3000,This game made me go on anxiety medication10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,214490,12471258,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Nemo,"Goes with the original film's ""haunted house in space"" vibe, rather than all-out war.Although the environments and sound are excellent (i love the old-tech details, esp. the PET2021), the awesomely-animated alien is the star of the show.Nerve-wracking stuff."
76561197995191215,Recommended,214490,17443964,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,louisoc,"Alien: Isolationis not a flawless game by any means. Pacing can be erratic, especially towards the endgame, where a few events feel suspiciously like the developers padding the game to reach a predetermined length. Sevastopol's Working Joe androids might be spooky at the beginning, but soon become a chore when they lose their scare-appeal. The crafting system is underdeveloped at best, overpowered at worst. Anti-aliasing options are completely ineffective, and mar the otherwise perfect aesthetic of the game.And yet, my time withAlien: Isolationwas the most rewarding gaming experience I've had in recent memory. See how I tactfully circumvent using the word 'fun', because the game isn't particularly fun. In fact, it is oftentimes very stressful - surely going completely against the very definition of a 'game'? The thing is, I enjoyedAlien: Isolationas more than just a game, but rather as an experience. There is something wholly unique about sitting in the dark with your headphones on, recoiling (both in the game and in real life) as you see the reptilian tail of the Alien slither past your hiding place underneath a desk. I complained above that the game pads itself out, but I could just as easily say that this was an intentional decision to prolong the nightmare that Amanda Ripley (and, by extension, you) is going though. And I appreciate the love and care that was put into this game enough that I'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt.If you're a fan of theAlienfranchise, I would recommendAlien: Isolationpurely based on how faithfully the game's aesthetic and atmosphere resembles that of the movies - especially the originalAlien. Otherwise, if the idea of a harrowing trek through a dilapidated space station, insistently hunted by a horrifically violent and intelligent monster excites you, then you owe it to yourself to give this game a try.9.3/10"
,Recommended,214490,20055715,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[Jon] Flaky,"Amazing game... took me more than 24hs to complete since I went through every place carefully in order to find every piece of crap I could. Yet I wasn't able to find all of them.Now regarding the game itself, it has eye popping visuals, clearly intended for the next generation consoles plus new PC's. Music and story were great too.Downside it is way TOO slow until you start blasting flames everywhere. You'll be afraid at first but as soon as you become Charizard (fire dragon) you will challenge the Alien in every corner.A must play in my opinon specially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,214490,12428019,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,[вк] ληтι¢!т!zєη¹,"Hey there,If u´re a fan of any Alien Movie, this one is a MUST.This game is a Love-Letter to the movie series,and tells the story of Amanda Ripley, (daughter of Ellen Ripley)who is seeking for any answers about her mother´s disappearing, 15 years ago.No, you won´t be able to kill the Alien.Its a perfect organism, and it is hunting YOU n everything alive.You can´t run away from it, but you can hide,.. eventually.^^The Alien isn´t the only danger you´ll meet.There is trigger-finger happy survivors,super tuff synthetic´s (robots),and environmental hazards.To save your progress,you have to use Emergency-devices, which are placed across the Space-Station.(no autosave)You have to solve different puzzles/objectives along the story/path.Open doors, hack Computers, seek for Keycodes, and collect items to craft handy devices.In an enviroment that is desolate and becomes more n more dangerous, the further u continue.Pro´s:Fit´s seemless to the story of the first movie.Level design is brilliant. (look/feel n path´s)Sound n Atmosphere. (like the movies, deep n intense)Gameplay is very nice/stable. (if your sys meets the specs)The difficulty-level feels just right.Con´s:A few graphical n physics misbehavings.Melee weapons sometimes disappear. (only optical)Facial-expressions / Cut-scenes are not 100% perfect in sync or look.Your not able to jump.For me, its the Alien-Game i always wanted.Its an realy intense thing, with alot twists n turns along the story.Maybe not 100% logical in some details.(n´ Yes, i´m a fan. Especialy of the very first movie, from 1979)A masterpiece for the Alien Universe, (with a few lil issues // but which game has none?)Don´t take some of those bad reviews serious, they are not correct or unfair n not detailed enough.personal rating > 9.9 of 10regular rating > 8.5 of 10"
,Recommended,214490,15345944,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Eunmac,"24 hours of utter gaming terror.Checkpoints. I've NEVER loved them so much.Seriously wow. This is the most immersive game I have played in my 35 years of gaming. Big Alien fan but I held off buying this for ages. How could this be fun? I generally loath stressful games. Not to mention that all the other Alien games have been pants. I also read about people spending hours and hours hiding under tables, the underpowered weapons, etc so I really doubted I could enjoy it.So happy to be wrong. The complete faithfulness to the original movie is undisputable on all levels. There's also enough homage to Aliens (the James Cameron flick) yet this game stands up on it's own as a unique experience. The voice acting of Amanda Ripley is outstanding. The sound effects are perfection. The graphics are just sensational... I found myself walking up to walls and staring at the detail.The Alien.The alien is terrifying. Really. I hated the frigging thing. The first hour or so of gameplay, you don't see it at all and then its on you about 70% of the game. The number of times it gave me a neart heart attack - lost count. In some ways it would have been better if it wasn't around quite so much. It is so relentlessly intense. Q: The ship is beyond huge, there are loads of people for it to go after so why is it always chasing/following Amanda in almost every level?The Synthetics.Utter Gits. Somebody give me a DLC sword so I can decapitate them with one shot. Please. Argh.The Ship.It's like you are there. Such detail. The volumetric fog and lighting and special effects bring it to life.Amanda Ripley.A++++ She belongs in the Alien universe. Truly. Her character deserves her own movie.Tips: Don't ever run. Walk slowly, don't look back and prey it's not right behind you.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15152906,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Varla,"Alien: Isolation's protagonist Amanda Ripley travels to station Sevastapol as she is willing to risk everything to find out what happened to her mother. As she discovers what happened on the station through computer logs she begins to gain a deeper understanding of herself and her own morals. The harsh juxtaposition of action sequences with tranquillity in between them offers a look into the conflicting emotions Ripley is feeling between her mother and her own call of duty. Alistair Hope has carefully crafted these environments and messages throughout the game to give the player a gradual sense of self-discovery.As Ripley broadens her sense of self, her personality also changes from a strict attitude to a more apathetic outlook on life. When she begins her journey she maintains a sense of duty and professionalism, and operated very much by-the-book and in accordance with the rules. After she encounters the Xenomorph through a series of traumatising events her outlook on life changes. She becomes far colder and more apathetic towards her life, resigned to the fact she had been ruined both professionally and personally by what had happened. Alistair uses emotive and blunt dictation to convey Ripley's feelings in ""It's like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't exist"". This reflects in the games atmosphere and music, which features less colour and is much calmer than the first sequence. This change also teaches Ripley to break away from the rules, as shown when she fearlessly volunteered to trap the Xenomorph in a remote section of the station. She was able to break away from the conventions of her personality and embrace the unknown through journey.Yup, english essays are fun."
76561197987570457,Recommended,214490,17949346,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,konVikt,"Very good game, gets kind of tedious towards the end... 9/10"
76561197989400507,Recommended,214490,18225330,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,D-Rex,"Excellent game. Adventure + stealth + crafting + puzzles + Xenomorph !!! Just amazing cocktail, not to mention of graphics and sounds - it's great!I still love the 1979 movie ""Alien"" (the very first movie of Alien franchise directed by Ridley Scott), so I think the developers did a great job to bring the atmosphere of the film in the game. So many details.Also these unfaithful androids (aka Working Joes) sometimes can spook you more than Alien.But for more realistic Alien behaviour you should play it on higher difficulty levels.I love it!"
76561198041297230,Recommended,214490,13835696,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Kratos,Bloody scary. Looks and feels just like the movie did. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12981713,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,mentats ghoul,"A 15 hour long anxiety attack, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,214490,17890836,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Remul0k3,"We had to wait many years before the Alien franchise is interested in the survival horror but it is now accepted that the idea was not so crazy as that. Indeed, although Alien: Isolation is often unbalanced in a lot of levels, the overall impression that emerges is extremely positive with good ideas and a successful atmosphere. A true homage to Ridley Scott film, filled with references more or less subtle, intelligent thought and able to satisfy fans of the film and videogame saga. To be continued? I hope so ..."
,Recommended,214490,12740981,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kylex,"Just chilling in the creepy Sevastapool station minding my own when hOLY WHAT THE HELL IS THAT! moments before the alien rippes my throat out :/ word to the devs, add a mode where you can be the alien and get to hunt peeps down plz plz plz"
,Recommended,214490,12408454,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Weyland,"Absolutely amazing. I haven't legitmately been scared in more than 10 years. Jumping out of my seat, spine tingling, butterflies, nausea, and about as close to a heart attack as I want to get. Visually: stunning! Score: out of this world! Ending: perfect! Wish there was more. Took me 25 hours to complete. Waited to buy the DLC until after I completed it to see if it was worth it or not. Just bought Crew Expendable and can't wait to see what the other 5 DLC's will be about. If your on the fence, don't be...buy it!"
,Recommended,214490,33054665,Posted: 30 June,all,Threepscoot,"This game is so good, so scary, and so faithful to the first Alien movie, that I hope some day we get more."
,Recommended,214490,27972622,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,YoloTube,Boi dis game scary af
,Recommended,214490,22946136,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Spy-Cat,10/10 would kill an Android again.
,Recommended,214490,12456789,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mongy,"Wow.This is the Alien game you and I have been waiting for, for a very long time.I had to resist preordering as I did not want any heartache on release, but right now I'm wishing I did for that free DLC and 10% off as this game has done nothing but impress, and I'm begging for more.If you liked Amnesia and Outlast, then you're going to like this more, quite simply the best way I can put it.Graphics: 7/10 - Nothing out of this world, but still very pretty.Sound/Music: 10/10 - Without a doubt the best I've heard in a game for years, as soon as you put those headphones on with surround sound enabled you're suddenly in a different world. The music sets the mood perfectly, very fitting.Gameplay: 8/10 - Similar to your ""Amnesia"" and your ""Outlast"" hence why I mentioned them before, but with tools, guns, hacking, and crafting. All useful in their own special way, if you have the brain power to improvise a little.Alien: ♥♥♥♥/10 - Scary, slimy, and unpredictable. Amazing.I recommend you play this game on Hard mode, take your time, read mail on the terminals, listen to audio tapes, take it all in because it's going to immerse you like no other horror game has before.Get it."
,Recommended,214490,13859708,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Little Green Ghouls,"Long, hard, and beatiful."
76561198036243149,Recommended,214490,25989043,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Etern[A]L,"ALIEN: ISOLATIONAs a big fan of the Alien movies, I was so excited to follow this game during development. There has been many alien games but none of them has really caught my interest until I saw this game.If you are a fan of the Alien movies, you can stop reading this already and just buy the game. You will not be disappointed. In case you want to know why, or if you are not familiar with the Alien movies then by all means read on.Remember that first time you saw Alien by Ridley Scott? A space vessel in the vast void of space, and the claustrophobic and terrifying experience that followed? The nightmarish Xenomorph and his hunt for the crew of the Nostromo?This game takes us back, everything that this game presents is done by love for the original movie. That isolated and claustrophobic feel of space, the terror, the music, the feel and even the props used in the movie. This is as close to the original movie you can get, but with a uniqe story that even ties together with the Alien movies.Without going too much into the story, you play as Amanda Ripley. The daughter of Ellen Ripley from the Alien movies. For a long time she's been searching for her missing mother, and it finally seems like a strong lead has come to her attention. She's being informed by a co-worker named Samuels that a commercial vessel named ""The Anesidora"" has recovered what they believe is the flight recorder unit of the Nostromo. The towing vessel where Ripley, Amandas mother was one of the crew.The unit has been taking to Savastapool station, and a courier ship by the name of ""USCSS Torrens"" is heading there. Ripley is being invited to tag along, and from here on the story begins.I'm having trouble puting into words how best to describe this game, where to start? First of all, there's a reason why It's so hard. It just needs to be experienced. To be completely honest I have never had a similar experience with any other game in the survival horror genre, this game is terrifying.It's a game that just combines so many aspects of horror that it gives you such an intense immersion into the game. The atmospehere, the surroundings, the isolation, music that builds up suspense at the perfect moments. Everything is in perfect harmony to give you the best Alien expereince you could ever dream of.When the end credits started rolling, I was completely exhausted. It's a rollercoaster ride of emotions, and It's one of the few games that has been able to scare me and make me sit on the edge of my seat as much as I did during this insane ride.Like I said, if you are a fan of the first Alien movie, just buy this game. If you have never seen the movie but like horror survival in general, just want to get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and have a true horror experience, then buy this game. If you have a love for space, than that's just a plus.PROS:+ Wonderful graphics, ambience and immersion.+ A new unique story that ties together very well with the Alien franchise.+ A perfect harmony of horror elements, to such a degree that I have never experienced anything like it.+ A music score that stays completely true to the original movie.+ Sound that makes u feel immersed in every single way, plays with your head, and that alters depending on what kind of situation you are experiencing in the game.+ Very smart AI, that is scripted very well and which will react to you in unpredictable ways. (Especially the Alien itself).+ A good amount of game-mechanics - crafting, blueprints and items that all have a purporse and usage.+ Elements of immersion that takes you into a isolated space (Where no one can hear you scream) and gives you a TRUE Alien horror experience.+ I bought this game at release at full price, and It was worth every penny. Getting this on sale is an epic win.+ List goes on.CONS:- Not the same experience with a bad Headset (I started playing in 2014, when I had a pretty bad headset and the game still scared me to death. With my new headset the effect is 100x better, and this game must be experienced with a decent headset.)- The last 2 missions felt a bit dragged out, but it might be because of my total exhaustion. Could have been slightly shorter, and that's nothing I say too often. I enjoyed every second of the game though.- A bit of annoying backtracking that could have been worked around, most of the times the backtracking works perfectly ok though. But I do think that some parts are a bit overwhelming.- Some of the DLC is a bit of a luckluster, and tied to the survivor mode. I wish there were a tiny bit more expansions to the actual campaign. But that's just a minor thing.Alien: Isolation is one of the best survival horror games that I have ever played. This game is aMASTERPIECEin the genre.*** I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME! BUY IT!***"
,Recommended,214490,12420655,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Caramel Frappe,"Alien: Isolation.. is an absolute success as a survival horror.(TheTO LONG, DIDN'T READpart is at the bottom of this review)Atmosphere:This game is visually stunning while keeping true to the franchise. When you play this game, youreally feellike you're in the Alien universe. The audio and music really impressed me, due to keeping the mood steady and having you feel paranoid when nothing is happening... until it happens. After playing for almost 10 hours, I haven't grown tired of the scenery nor the game's setting. Really nice seeing a game hold up strong with just this concept.Since this is based on the PC version... the graphics are stunning. Some gameplay actually feels like you're in a cutscene, but really you're in control of the character during this. Particular segments are even breath taking if I dare say, which is of course, later in the game. The overall lighting and attention to detail is much appreciated in this game. Even looking at the character models, the Alien's design or other features were golden. That, and the environment never gets old so you'll remain immersed. There is some back tracking, but not to much where it becomes noticable.Mechanics:The design of this game was very well thought out. While you can 'fight' off enemies, it's far wiser to stick with stealth. Any noise you make from kicking something over, to slamming the locker to hard, or activating anything shall in fact cause chances of the Alien coming in from the vents or drawing unwanted attention. The Motion Scanner is perhaps the most vital tool since it helps locate where living organisms are at. You can also craft items to help you in tight spots such as the Noise Maker or Flashbang. The game can be experienced in multiple ways in depending on how you use this tools to your advantage. Did I forget to mention that the game really punishes you for carelessly causing noises or wasting materials? Because it sure does and feels like a good challenge. Try going in the vents yourself while the Alien's crawling around... you might want to check your map for other alternatives.What I love about the game's core is that it truly feels like you're trying to survive. Don't expect to walk around blasting through anyone, especially the Alien. You are required to think ahead, plan where you'll wonder about, and be careful again in making noises. There's segments where you must hack doors and devices in order to continue onward, and at any moment... you can die. There's never a safe point, even when actually saving your game. The emergancy phone (aka to save your progress) will warn you if enemies are nearby.Oh and even though you're not friends with the Alien, let's just say you can use the creature to your advantage in getting through certain situations such as heavily guarded areas by crazy survivors. One toss of, say, a flashbang or causing them to shoot at you will instantly alert the Alien to spring out and waste them away. It's really fun to see.AI:Honestly, the humans are a bit weak in terms of AI along with the voice acting. Besides the main character Ripley, who acts realistic when either facing a tough call, or getting emotional- everyone else kind of brings you out of the immersion. First off, the other survivors feel like they're reading off a script. Sometimes, they will stand still and not fire at you despite recently doing so for some reason. There are even occassions that the people will suddenly stare at you despite you're running at them with a wrench. I haven't ran into anyone else who has given me a reason to care about them.The androids in the game have been done correctly. Simple, emotionless machines that talk civil but are frightning all the same. They don't chase the player by sprinting, but somehow manage to cause tension to rise regardless. Unlike the humans, you can't simply take them down with gunning them or wacking them, as they shall brush it off and assault you. This is where the beauty of the mechanics comes in as you use tools to delay or destroy them for good. Also, they look very devious and voiced perfectly to fit their role.... Now, what about the actual threat? TheAlien?Cannot lie to you guys, it's one of the most SMARTEST AI's that I have seen yet. Literally acts like an actual animal, traveling in the vents and coming out at random. When I say random, I mean it can actually come out whenever it wants from either hearing noise or noticing movement beneath it. But it doesn't just wander mindlessly, it'll actually hunt for you in ways you couldn't imagine. Hiding isn't even the best solution at times, for the Xenomorph will pick up your tactics and crush any hopes you had. The Alien also isn't out just for you... it will take down any survivors that are with you or against you in this terrifying journey. The Alien alone has brought fear in me that no other Aliens has done before in the previous games... especially Colonial Marines *cough* Trying to outrun the Alien or fight it shall result in an immediate death so plan carefully. It's not easy at all tricking this AI.Story:There is an actual plot in this, with terminals and recorders for you to look up. There's a lot of hidden context here and there, and only if you're brave enough to travel in optional rooms will you uncover the truth behind the events. Personally, it's worth investigating because some details are important for you to grasp at exactly why there's an Xenomorph here and why the people 'behave' in certain situations. I won't spoil it for you, but once you get far enough in the game... it'll surprise you how deep the plot actually is.The main focus, however... involves Ripley trying to find out what happened to her mother 15 years ago. Of course, things go for the worse on the ship they were inspecting so now Ripley must survive and escape the ship while helping her crew mates pull through the challenges.DLC:Personally, I have not obtained it. Might purchase it after I beat the game, but for me it's a bit pricey so I shall wait to see. I apologize for not having a review on that (yet).TO LONG, DIDN'T READ:Fantastic game, bringing back what you love about horror games. It doesn't require jump scares at all to strike fear into you... it's about the music, atmosphere, and how well the AI plays out to play the cards right. And boy, the Alien does certainly that above all else. The game faces problems like the humans being pretty bad at voice acting, lacking in good AI control, and just not worth investing in emotionally. Luckily, the main attraction which is the Alien is worth every penny spent on this game. At times, you might feel cheated by some cheap death, but it's certainly worth experiencing in my opinion. I adored how every action you took held a consequence, and even playing safe could be more risky than taking chances.Do note that it's not everyone's cup of tea. The pacing can be slow depending on how stealthy you are, and depending on the difficulty you place the game on- can make people very frustrated. However, the game does it's job highly well in scaring the player without cheap methods or feeling short lived. The game is scary, it feels exactly how an Alien game should be played and most importantly... it is my favorite horror game as to this day. Please check it out when you can!"
76561198012273350,Recommended,214490,13762206,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Draden,"Review after the first playthrough.I was pulled into the story right from the beginning. The atmosphere has been masterly crafted to resemble the original Alien movies. The story is well written, save for some tedious bits towards the end (see issues list below). I won't repeat it here as much has been written about it elsewhere already. In general, the story is gripping, understandable and not too convoluted in contrast to too many titles nowadays which try to unnecessarily outsmart the player/viewer. Some twists and turns are there as should, but nothing too wild. Stays within the realm of ""could happen"", as a good scifi piece should.Visually the game is among the best I have ever seen. You probably can't do a much better job with today's technology. The environment looks almost as good as on film. Objects are modelled in high detail, with style that always stays true to the film. Some areas are cozy, some cold, and often I just found myself looking around, letting it all sink in. Lighting stood out to me as particularly impressive, really adding to the authenticity of the world.Character models are very good but not perfect, still a long way to overcome the uncanny valley. Interaction with NPCs also left room for improvement. I would have liked to see more lively friendly NPCs in particular. The sense of being stranded in a space station with a hideous monster was not apparent in their behaviour.Audio is top notch. From the station's creepy sounds of decay to the alien's growls and hisses, the soundscape together with beautiful visuals truly create an immersive universe. Voice acting is good and casting Sigourney Weaver to voice the original Ripley is a nice touch.Gameplay at its core is a pretty standard first person adventure: collect / craft items, collect keycards to access closed areas, power up/down this or that system to advance. Using tools and operating control panels in the game requires different button sequences and combinations, adding to the illusion that you are actually operating a more complicated instrument and not just pushing buttons. To avoid the alien and other threats you need to sneak around quietly, hide in closets and pay attention to the motion tracker to keep you safe. You can craft weapons and distractions (EMP grenades, noisemakers, etc.) to help you on your way.During the story there is some going back and forth between areas you have already visited, but I only found that positive as it contributed to the feeling of being closed in the space station with no way out. The game is also semi-open in the sense that it allows you to visit some areas that are not directly on your path, i.e. it is not a strict tunnel run.Gameplay and design is mostly great, but I did encounter some issues. Here's a non-exhaustive list:- The first WTF moment was in one of the early missions where you encounter hostiles for the first time. They are armed, so when you knock them out their revolver drops on the ground. So you are alone in a hostile environment, with a revolver at your feet. You know it's real because you can kick it around. You would surely like to pick it up. But nope, you can't. You can kick it around, but can't pick it up. At the end of the day, a very small detail but this kind of stuff should never end up in a game of this caliber.- Pulling away from computer terminals etc. takes too long. Designers rather chose to show pretty animations instead of letting the player snap out immediately, e.g. to knock out that android who's just about to strangle you. Unrealistic and annoying.- Jump scares. Personally, I don't find them scary, only annoying when used in excess. For me, creating a truly scary atmosphere needs to be a long process, a steady build-up of tension using subtle tools of design and storytelling. Luckily the designers did well in that department, so jump scares are not the only tool they used to keep you on your toes. Again, a small dent in otherwise shining armor.- Sometimes the alien felt a bit too psychic. Many completely unavoidable deaths.- Unmarked doors in mission 11. Some open, some don't, can't really know without bumping into them. Some event triggers in this mission were too fiddly.- The alien derelict mission was a bit of a filler. Maybe a cutscene would have done it instead?- The map is sometimes confusing since it doesn't indicate clearly on which floor your goal is.- The ending of the game drags for way too long. Some of the twists that prolong the game for yet another 15 mins felt artificial.Anyway, the positives FAR outweigh the negatives. Never before has a movie universe been turned into a game this well. Bought it on sale for -50%, but on hindsight would not have regretted paying full price either. If you love scifi and adventure, get this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,13774233,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,EtherealSmetana,"Alien: Isolation is hands down the best Aliens game made and definetly the best recent sci-fi horror game i've played.  Despite some minor frustrations in the beginning with not having any idea where I was supposed to go and a fairly slow plot, the game starts picking up tremendously with the introduction of the Alien about an hour or two in.  The alien is absolutely terrifying and a certain experience with the Alien hive terrified me more than any game has before.Pros:- Gorgeous Graphics- Great Stealth Mechanics- Interesting craftable items (though I didn't use them that much)- Interesting and mysterious plot- Satisfyingly scary- True to the movie AlienCons:- A few minor glitches (the alien can clip through some things and items can float in the air)- Really long campaign (took me about 24 hours to complete the game)- There are a lot of mini-games which I mostly found fun but some were kinda stupid- Lag (my computer laged slightly during the a fairly short reactor sequence)- The Androids (Super fricking annoying)Over all if you're a fan of sci-fi horror, and especialy if you love the Alien series, and can get over the few cons get this game.  I'm not a big fan of survival horror and I still enjoyed this game immensely.  9/10"
,Recommended,214490,34817681,Posted: 8 September,all,Vanish,"If you're a fan of the movies AT ALL, buy this game! It's amazing and the visuals are out of this world, literally! It's suspence, thrills and chills all rolled into a game that plays out like a movie in itself. The DLC's make this game's replay abilities huge. Do yourself a favor and play with a headset in a dark room and let the fright settle in. Buckle up because this game will scare the bejesus out of you!"
76561198153233056,Recommended,214490,35121194,Posted: 21 September,all,Cyborg ♲,Better than a movie :)
,Recommended,214490,35029869,Posted: 17 September,all,Saerydoth,This game is absolutely terrifying and captures the feel of the original Alien perfectly.  This is the game that Aliens: Colonial Marines should have been.  My only complaint is that it ends on a cliffhanger...I hope we get a sequel.
,Recommended,214490,17888356,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zen-Zinxe,"This game's attention to detail is insane. I hesitated for a long time to buy this for fear it would be another colonial marines joke. But this game is a true aliens game. The story is great, the voice acting is very well done, the gameplay itself is terrifying and unforgiving, the graphics and design choices are next to perfect.Now if only we could get a predator game with as much love, then I'd truly be satisfied. If you like aliens, and you like the survival horror genre, this game is about as good as you will ever get."
,Recommended,214490,12934059,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,PHANTOM,"Forget Aliens Colonial Marines, and make way for a masterfully terrifying game called Alien Isolation.Alien Isolation did the impossible, which made the Alien scary again. The Alien series is my favorite sci-fi movie franchise of all time. Alien Isolation recreated and captured the dark atmosphere of Ridley Scotts Alien film almost perfectly, which is shockingly awesome. This was by far the most terrifying Alien game ever made, the best Alien game to come out since the 1999 AVP Classic. If you enjoy survival horror and have a love for the Alien franchise like me this is your game.Sorry to say though the ending was anticlimactic, and sometimes the Alien can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. So there for it won't receive a perfect score.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,13568020,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Michael Cooper,"The game started with breath taking looks and sounds, then slowly added the atmosphere of Alien one objective to another.Later it escalates into heart pumping action and scares, keeping you on your feet all the time with something happening when you least expect it to.I highly recommend this game to all thoughs Alien, Sc-fi, Horror lovers out there.This is a genuine game for the Alien movie series, the one it deserves."
,Recommended,214490,15401429,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Mα∂ Mαятιgαη,"All have been said about this game, but I'll throw my 2 cents:First, it is GORGEOUS. From the scenery to the alien's animation, its almost perfect. The mix between Sci-Fi and 80's tech make everything look functionnal, and effects like fire or water are great. Oh and the sound design may be the best I have seen (or rather heard) in a game to this day.Second, it is damn TENSE! Not terrifying, but I still had a few jumpscares, and they were NOT SCRIPTED. You really feel like the beast is chasing you, and every move you make can alert it. The progression through the levels is also very well done. The parts where you have to avoid androids can be a bit annoying though.Finally, the story is cool. You quicky empathize with Amanda, trying to find ""closure"" about her mother's disappearance. All the franchise themes (inhumane corporations, humane synthetics, what happens to people when they are in survivor mode, etc...) are well exploited, even if we'd have wished for a bit more... innovation?So if you are an alien fan, its a must have. I may even try some of the DLC's, because the main game was well worth the money, but I WANT MORE!"
76561198046745167,Recommended,214490,12447569,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SinQuail,"I've never seen an Alien movie (on the to do list now). I've never known what this franchise was, what the culture was behind it, and I had never even come close to having a peaking interest in the Alien universe. This fiendishly addictive hellhole of a game has shown me how wrong I was in not looking into the series.Step into the shoes of Ripley. Amanda Ripley. Struggle onward against seemingly impossible odds, and if you're anything like me, you'll almost feel as though you ARE Ripley. With a relatively slow paced style of play, along with a hearty helping of Storyline, You will step into Sevestopol station. As you traverse this wreckage of something that once was, your goal becomes clear. Survive.Probably the most thrilling aspect of this game is that if it catches hold of you, which it certainly should, All of Amandas feats and Failures will feel connected to you. as if you'd been there the whole time, catching breaths to avoid detection, frantically searching for a clue as to where it might be. And all of Amandas Failures, will be yours too. her feelings, her thoughts, everything feels as though you, are the one going through the incident. Every emergency station you succesfully trigger will be a wonderful accomplishment, and Amandas yearning to figure out the whereabouts of Ellen Ripley drives you forward.For newcomers, the story doesn't feel as though you need to see the movie. everything is very nice and clean. It's obvious that Amanda, nor anyone else has encountered anything going on. So don't feel out of the loop if you haven't either (i.e me). With all of this said, take notice that this isn't like more modern games. checkpoints, ammo, and survivablity chances are all heavily in the hands of the player. you won't progress unless you make an effort to do so, and if you don't, you'll die trying.Although ""end"" is a little lengthy, this title is absolutely worth the time. The retro sci-fi enviornment is wonderfully crafted, and brought back memories of another title held high by myself and others, Bioshock.In short, Alien: Isolation is a lovingly crafted piece of work, with a compelling storyline and incredibly immersive world. By the end I was balled up, shaking in my wee little booties, along with tissues that I had been forced to grab after several moments in the game left me bawling uncontrollably, whether that be from sadness, sympathy, or fear."
,Recommended,214490,15088827,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cyberpunk,"I watched this game on YouTube, did not look scary and I laughed at people who would go ""aaa omfg"" when an alien would appear near them... but after 8h into this game I made a lot of these ""aaa omfg""s myself! I decided to give this game a shot and I am REALLY glad I did. Started playing it two days ago and on the second night I decided to play a four hour session with a coffe break after two hours so I wouldn't fall asleep... och boy after two hours I did not need any coffe, I was shaking without any caffeine! xDI recommend pleying it at NIGHT with the LOWEST BRIGHTNESS, with HEADPHONES and on HARD DIFFICULTY.And I admit, I'm gona have to change it to MEDIUM DIFFICULTY. xDA MUST have: 9.5/10Last note... congrats to the people who scripted the alien A.I. The humans and androids are relatively predicatbale, but the xenomorph... so random, you never know where he's gonna go and look for you. Replayability! :D"
76561198038696367,Recommended,214490,12392297,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Deubie,awesome game scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
,Recommended,214490,22973996,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[CPK] Fitzee*,"The only game that has genuinely scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me!! the sound of it moving around not knowing exactly where it is?! but when it spots you, and you patheticaly attempt to run away, the sound of those heavy footsteps sprinting towards you getting louder and louder, until the ineviatble happens, installs a fear i cannot explain, you have to experiance it to understand! glad i completed this game, never ♥♥♥♥ing touching it again! 10/10!"
,Recommended,214490,12954459,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lemon Daddy,"Get this game. It's incredible. Even though I think the ending and final 2 hours were a bit lackluster, the rest of the game more than makes up for it. The music is great, the graphics are very good, and it's also a great PC port. The story is good as a standalone game for players who don't know alot about the Alien franchise, but it's even better for fans of it, as it's filled with references and audio logs recorded by the original cast of Alien.I beat the game at hard difficulty, which I recommend. It's a great challenge and I got a bit frustrated at times but I never wanted to lower the difficulty.The thing I love most about this game is how unscripted the encounters are and how much cool stuff can happen. Some of the best parts of the game is when human enemies are in the same area as the alien and the alien is hunting you both. You do things like purposefully get the other humans to see you so that they will start shooting, so that the alien will hear the gunfire and take them out for you.Once I was sneaking around this area going into every room scavening for supplies (this game nails survival-horror scavenging and making you feel like every bullet counts) and as I exited the room an enemy human was at the door. I panicked, pulled out my revolver and shot him 2 times in the chest. Knowing the alien heard me, I ran as fast as I could back into the room to hide in a locker. The split second I closed the locker door the alien dropped down from the vent in the ceiling and he eventually wandered away. Moments like this are totally unscripted and they are my favorite part of the game.This game also has native Oculus Rift support. You have to go into the game's files to access it, but it was put in there by the developers, so I consider it native. I had the chance to try it at my friend's house and it was undescribable. I was totally and completely immersed in the game, and I was convinced I was actually there. I didn't actually get to the part where the alien starts appearing (about 1 hour in), but I imagine it's terrifying. The game itself without the Rift is more intense and stressful than it is scary, but I'm sure it'd go full pants-crapping mode in the Rift. It's also one of the only full-sized games to natively support the Rift at the moment. The Rift support isn't perfect, there's lots of clipping during scripted events, and that's why I imagine it's hidden in the files but it's still absolutely worth it if you have a Rift. Looking out the window into space in the beginning part of the game is jaw-dropping. Just try to not have a heart attack while playing.I rate games from how much I enjoy them, and even though this game has a few problems, like the ending and final hours, it didn't affect the enjoyment of the game at all for me. Tenouttaten."
76561198183271139,Recommended,214490,15333088,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Jered_HSDWG,really good game
76561198013502425,Recommended,214490,19212482,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,kermit,"This game is awesome. It is frustrating, unforgiving and dull at the same time.It succeeds at establishing and maintaining a tense sci-fi horror atmosphere, which is no small feat. I believe this is what the game tries to accomplish first and foremost, and it succeeds admirably. A solid 8/10.The GoodThe narrative. The story is on par with the first two alien movies. Very recognizable. Similar pace, similar narrative devices, similar twists. To some, it may be too similar to be exciting in any way, because hardly anything happens that you did not see coming. Still. Some things you expect to happen may be a while in coming, and others happen surprisingly early.Some environments are modeled very closely after the movie sets. Great atmosphere there. Great sense of purpose to these sections.The Alien has a proper AI, as opposed to being entirely pre-scripted in its behaviour. Keeps players on their toes.Amanda is an engineer, and she can put together helpful makeshift devices from scrap and raw material to help you survive.The alien animations are pretty well done. Especially when it gets you. And it will.The sound design is fantastic. Big plus in a stealth title.The BadMany environments are too generic a sci-fi tunnel, corridor, hall, or room with too many fake, forced accessories like boxes and barrels around. Doom 3 and Dead Space-like interior design. These sections feel generic, there's no believable in-game purpose to them. To the extent that they support the function of a location (med/tech junction/energy etc.), they are often merely servicable. There are exceptions, but all in all, once you finish the game, you'll remember only a select few locations for what they were.The alien AI is frustrating, and not very convincing. You may like it for its unpredicatbility. To me it feels quite predictable in the sense that you can't to jack-all once the alien is out and looking for you. You need to wait for it to disappear in the vents for it to be somewhat safe to do anything. On easier diffictulties you might get away with some stunts, but not in general. Not if you don't know your surroundings yet.The AI leash is maybe a little too tightly centered around the player, and it definitely is tugging the alien too often in the player's direction. The alien leaving a room, then promptly turning around, searching again. Then again. Then maybe running off in a different direction for 5 secs before the AI tugs it back. The alien sections are tense for that reason, yes, but when you're playing a section for the first time, not knowing your way around you're going to die a lot or wait a lot or both.The alien has a proper AI that leads to emergent situations as opposed to the occasional prescribed scripted event. It makes it more likely for the game to just decide that you must die now. X-Com style. Like when there's a very small tight-quarters section that you have to cross, and the game decides to basically drop the alien out of a vent and almost into your lap. Here's your reload button. Luck is definitely a bigger factor than in other stealth based games, especially when you try to conserve your resources. Sucks if the last save is 5 minutes of tedious sneaking around hostile androids away.The use of craftable items is mostly not incentivised. Using your little helper devices should be more core to a stealth game. As it is, these things are mostly obscure. Maybe it's just me, but the game is unforgiving when you slip up. Here's your 5-10 minute section with unskippable dialog that you must replay if you slip up. Why on earth would you prefer to stage ""distractions"" which are basically ""attractions"" for anything around, if there seems to be a valid way to just sneak by. What good is a ""smoke bomb"" or ""pipe bomb"" except to shout ""over here, here I am""? Does not feel like the AI should be dumb enough to fall for it in the way it does. So it hardly ever feels like using your gadgets would be really helpful. Even though it is pretty effective if you try. It's just not really plausible behaviour that it triggers. Maybe the overall sense of dread and horror the game establishes so successfully is at odds with the dumb effects your gadgets trigger when used.Maybe if there was a way to quicksave, the player would be more inclined to experiment with the effects of gadgets, but if the game is penalizing eperimentation, you'd probably rather wait for an opportunity and sneak by, unless you saw no other way.Throw a noisemaker somewhere. A crew of looters is going to run over there to look at the thing. The alien too. They might just ignore each other while the funny noise takes their interest. Then, once they want to 'disperse' again, they may jump on each other's throats. Or not. I've had an alien just run straight back into the vents from a situation like this.The snaking mechanics with regards to human opponents is awful. If you're used to Thief, Spliter Cell, or Styx-like mechanics you're going to have to adjust. Human opponents are somewhat odd in their perception. Light and shadow, distance, noise, and everybody is short-sighted used to be a thing. Now it's almost exclusively line of sight, but that line is somewhat hard to trace. You'll need to get used to it the way you needed to get used to die at Dark Souls before you embraced the mechanics :)All in all a solid experience, and the weak or frustrating bits are just a minor annoyance in comparison with the experience as a whole.Hope to see Amanda in a Sequel again. Preferably in more memorable environments, and with more plausible AI behaviour."
76561198239007660,Recommended,214490,25345406,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,nova2713,this game is the best i played though it has some bugs it is perfect for alien fans and those into survival horor
76561198030668819,Recommended,214490,13412111,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,mdfashionco.com FRESH SWAG,A spooky time for all!
76561197976367353,Recommended,214490,13590810,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Max Headroom. -,"Ok, The game is awesome, good story, gameplay, mechanics, the AI is unpredictable and kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you underestimate it. Now lets go with some pros and cons:PROS:-Good storyline-Amazing AI-Really good graphics-Good checkpoint mechanics-Good character development-Is hard even in normal mode-Is long, around 12-20 hours of gameplayCONS:-Crashes.... several crashes-Mission 14 bug-At the end of the game (last 4 missions) it becomes repetitiveIn general this game is a must buy for every person who likes Alien movies and story, with some tension and intelligence this game puts in front of you a challenge and an awesome trip. to me its a 8.5 / 10 only for crashes."
,Recommended,214490,20365653,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Valet2,"That's the most creepy, scary and terrific game I've ever played! And I've played many games, and I'm not young at all!Don't watch walkthroughs is you're going to play."
,Recommended,214490,12392907,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Slab SquatThrust,"For fans of the original Alien this is a must. It feels a lot like the movie, the music is great, the setting is great. There's an excellent mood in general and it is scary. The most scary game I've played.The alien is unseen for a long time. I've played for 5 hours and only been killed by it once, seen it three times maybe. But you die a lot if you are not careful, the alien isn't the only thing trying to kill you. The save points aren't as automatic as I sometimes thought, so you have to save a lot, using the save points scattered around the place.Sometimes you have to try the same thing over and over again and that can become frustrating after a while and detract from the experience.Graphicswise it's beautiful, some elements look old-fashioned, like some of the space junk that can be seen through windows because of the cartoonish way it loops, but that's the only negative commet so far.Technically:Performance is astonishing, I'm running 60FPS while both streaming via OBS and Shadowplay recording. My CPU is an ancient i7 860 moderately overclocked to around 3,4. GPU is a GTX 770 and I've got 16gb of ram. The game is on a mechanical drive and load times are very acceptable."
,Recommended,214490,12402634,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,リシテア,"Dream and Gone Home meet the horror genre properly with the introduction of this game.Alien: Isolation has a very surreal, 70s retro-futurism, toy-town aesthetic to it, very interesting but it might but you off if you're heavily into photo-realism.This game plays like an adventure game, it feels right at home with the latest wave of first person adventure games such as Dream.So far so good if you have the moni.Support good games.This is a refreshing entry into the 8th generation catalog and a breath of fresh air from the thick smog of fast paced action no brains shooting genre."
,Recommended,214490,20296909,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,JM@PT,"Alien Isolation is a first person stealth horror gamewhile i don't necessarily think it's a scary game, maybe because i played so many that i find them hard to be ""horror"" but it does an excellent job in this aspect.The environments are designed so well, the visuals\lighting, sounds, voice acting and the story is superb, everything stays true and loyal to the atmosphere and aesthetics of the first aliem movie.The story is huge but here is a glimpseyou will play as Amanda Ripley(daughter of Alien protagonist Ellen Ripley) with the objective to find the flight recorder from her mothers vanished ship the Nostromo that is located in the sevastopo station.Upon arrival at sevastopol she finds that the station is damaged and largely deserted, its inhabitants reduced to small bands of frightened, paranoid looters hoarding scavenged resources who react violently to anyone outside their group. all due to a ""monster"" that is loose aboard...GameplayThe space station is divided into multiple sections, each section is composed of a set of rooms and corridors separated by doors, some doors will require a keycard or a numbered entry code, while others need to be cut with a plasma torch or hacked using an electronic device and of course stealth tactics in order to survive against the alien and other threats.you will be able use a motion tracker to detect their movements, craft several items like emps, noisemakers, molotovs and pipe bombs by collecting schematics and different kind of materials throughout the game to be used as distraction, weapons to deal with some threats if necessary because you will have limited health and ammunition also most of these weapons will attract the alien.the game has several save terminals spread along the areas some between levels so you have to be careful because if you die you will rollback like 10-15min.LengthIt took me around 23hours to completeProsthe storylinelevel designatmosphere\sounds and soundtracks (Headphones are a must)execellent graphics and visual effects with good performanceunpredictable alien AI behaviour. you have to adapt and change to outsmart itConssome issues with the AI in nightmare difficulty(i dont recommend this mode, if you want more challenge theres plenty mods out there)Somewhat linear storyline. Although you can choose many different paths/options, the story sticks to a script. It would have been nice to have more control over the story.DLCs are just minigames but they are almost for free so..unbalanced flamethrower ammo in the last hours of the game, it felt overpowered because the ammo was too commonsome unnecessary levels(just to extend  the time of the game(you can't pick up weapons from survivors(scripted), they re only usefull against humans anyway.Final verdictI enjoyed this game from start to finish, its simply a quality game.the gameplay and plot are well done.it has some minor problems related to item balance(you problably wont notice). the first hours of the game is bit boring until the alien shows up. it has many puzzles but with the length of the game they can be repetitive and too much stealth require in some levels that can lead to frustration and annoyancei will give a 8.5/10Is this game for everyone? maybe not.it requires patience, this isnt fast paced fighting the alien face to face, the game can be frustrating for some...you might find the experience too much to handleif you like sci-fi \ horror or you're an Alien film fan, you will enjoy this game."
76561198014699925,Recommended,214490,22990023,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[CB] Chaz [ES[RP]],"Devs did a fantastic job implementing the Butt Pucker Factor into this game...I don't always cling to my motion sensor, but when i do,  its in a locker with dos aquis."
76561198001309330,Recommended,214490,25894976,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,assfanden,This game is really stressfull. But also really beautifulNever expected such a long storyline. And how good it crosschecked to the alien movies.Only major negative things that should have been avoided/corrected were:- The sometimes totally confusing gamedesign. Like after you blow the alien into space and try to find your way back.There was literally no indication that these doors are usable. Also the radar was sometimes confusing in that case.- Stretching it that long in the end. Find alternate route here and there...restart this and that... I mean it´s realistic and fine SOMETIMES. But it felt like eternety towards the end.But aside all that it was a great experience.
,Recommended,214490,12568369,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Trail Blazer,"In space, no one can hear you meep."
,Recommended,214490,12394237,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,TerrorStorm,Probably the best Alien game there will ever be.12/10 Would poo again.
,Recommended,214490,12655600,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Dark Cypher,"Fantastic recreation of the Alien universe every beep, green screen and space age padded wall has been recreated for your viewing pleasure and the game is not bad either survivor horror at its finest."
76561198104535134,Recommended,214490,29798325,Posted: 9 February,all,Lontum,"I knew it was nearby. That... creature.I hid in the vents, hoping that it would pass me by. I found a small nook, just a bit off of the main vent passage, and hide there. I could hear it moving. Then i hear the vent entrance open.It was in there with me.I prayed to whatever being might listen. To God. To Buddah. To C'thulu, on the off chance it might summon the beast back to wherever it had been summoned from.I see it move up to the entrance to my little haven... and then past me. I hear the vent door on the far end open. I guess one of those beings must have heard me.I move out into the main vent area...And learn which deity responded to my pleas. There it was, waiting for me. It tricked me.Dang it, C'thulu."
,Recommended,214490,13939697,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Nubias 🐺💤,I had to change my pants.4 times.
76561198011965365,Recommended,214490,29295159,Posted: 16 January,all,Saint Aaron,"Everybody knows by now that the atmosphere in this game is amazing, because it is. Everything works, yet looks unique giving each area a certain character. Gameplay wise, the game takes a while to gain moment and complexity, but once it reaches that point the possibilities for completing a mission are endless. This is thanks to the crafting system and the excellent ""peep"" mechanics. The enemies are challenging, and each in their own ways. I found myself being relieved at each interval when I would switch from Joe's to the Xeno or even humans. It keeps it fresh. What holds it back is the glitches that are a little to frequent to ignore. People talk without moving their lips, whole death sequences falter leaving a character alive who is scripted as being dead. These things aside, the best story telling didn't happen in the cutscenes (although those are a delight), they happened in the voice acting from Amanda herself."
,Recommended,214490,12421767,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,dinosauriac,"I admire its purity.A stealth game... shrouded in darkness, devoid of quicksaves, or delusions of safety.It could never fully live up to its inspiration, but this is unmatched as a constipation aid."
76561198086920819,Recommended,214490,33124890,Posted: 2 July,all,Memeieu,"Johnny says ""It looks pretty cool""Johnny was right"
,Recommended,214490,12987539,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Lil' Melanin,"It's been a good long time since I played a game that scared me as bad as this masterpiece. Every playthrough being another nightmare, every encounter a new threat. Although, fair warning - Halfway through the game (That is, if you're sparing with flamethrower fuel) the game loses it's edge. Not that it's bad, just less terrifying, more tense.From the locker you've been hiding in for the past hour, you finally hear nothing. You check your motion tracker - All good. Making an effort to pace yourself down the narrow hallways, you take time to plan your new route and note any hiding places. The last group of androids you stumbled upon costed you all of your gear, save for one molotov. After making it through several hallways, finding almost no useful supplies, you stop, hearing movement to your right. Below? No, whatever it is, it's above you. You swat your flashlight off, and dash under the nearest bed. Before you can even check your tracker again, something crashes into the ground next to you. An undescribable scream pierces the air, as if announcing how unsafe this area has now become. You can only see it's tail now, inches away from your feet.Across from you lies the key to your escape, your survival, it is of a course, a vent.The creature walks away, But you can hear it in the distance. Hunting. Under pressure, a decision must be made. Hide until it inevitably finds you, or make a break for the vent?Trying your best not to gather it's attention, you dive into the vent.You weren't fast enough.It heard you.It's coming.Don't panic.You aren't doomed.You have one option.The vent is opening.THERE IT IS.Hurling it as hard as you can, the molotov soars through the metal passageway.With it's impact comes a sound of distress alike to none you've heard before.As it storms off, you take this chance to crawl to your destination. Finally safe, you think to yourself. Strolling through the corridor with a new courage about you.Unfortunately, this is the last thing you ever thought of before you made the mistake of walking under that vent.10/10 would have a heart attack again, go pick it up y'wads."
,Recommended,214490,21079636,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,ƒancy ƒaget,"I honestly can't believe how much I find myself intrigued by this game. Truthfully, it recreates the 1979 Alien scenery beautifully and the developers also wraps this gorgeous lollipop with another sugar coating just to make sure, by having some great, innovative and fun elements.The first few things that I noticed instantly that I absolutely adored:The environment, the overall high-quality textures and the precise attention-to-detail.There are so many things that makes you believe that you're back in time. I know I was born 1996 and therefore cannot know how it exactly was back then, but judging by the movies and pictures, it's kind of obvious to me that Creative Assembly indeed did their homework here. They made mewantingto explore Sevastopol, they make mewantto go through the story and listen to the Archive Logs, Nostromo Logs, etc.Well worth a strong 9/10 in this departmentThe feeling of fear and despair.What I noticed after playing through this game was that the Xenomorph truly is invincible. The question ultimately lands on one's hands, asking whether or not you're willing to pay the ultimate price to defeat God. Speaking of an ultimate price, I want to have a say about the ending in this review, and I'll come to this opinion later on. With this point - to sum it up - I was trying to get across to you of the feelings you get when playing this game. Youwillfear enemies (esp. the Alien itself) and you will ""need to change pants after a session of Alien: Isolation"", so to speak. This, my dear fellows, is an indication of a great, great game; the ability to rouse the player and pump you full of emotion(s).It deserves nothing but a 10/10 hereThe combinations of the equipment and the surroundings. This was pretty cool, actually. A few times during the game, you had to evade both hostile humans as well as the Xenomorph in a stealthy manner. But instead of just throwing a rock here and then moving on-type of gameplay, you can use your equipment and engineering-background (Amanda Ripley is an engineer) to create more adventurous situations: you can, for example, when you see a group of humans, use the noisemaker to cause the Alien to kill the scavengers and give you the opportunity to explore the area you once was not able to. And this is just one example. You can use molotovs to cause the Alien's interest in you to recess. So I loved this part, to be honest.I think that a fair 7/10 is dueThese are titanic positives, and most certainly enough for me to say ""Purchase this game. It's worth it."" but there are a few things that I found to be missed opportunities, downfalls or just plain and simple bad choices from the creators.Probably my biggest irritation with this game: why is Sevastopol portrayed like the behemoth of a space station that it is, yet there are barely any ""good people"" or more places to fully explore? Why are there no quests?This is a big thing that I wish to see in Alien: Isolation 2, I guess.. quests. If a game is big enough (like this game actually is!!!) you can add quests and a lot more people/groups/locations. When you've finished the prologue you can actually skip the missions and go exploring, with the Xenomorph on your tail, naturally, but yet there are no side-missions to complete. See it this way: It's sort of like Fallout 4 but without the ability to complete missions or interact with people. If Creative Assembly takes this approach to the sequel, they'll create a great game that you could easily spend hundreds of hours within. Have it made into a survival horror with some RPG elements. I understand that it's Alien and it NEEDS to stay true to its origins and roots, but this would truly be interesting.The story is fantastic, but I wish I could do more than just ""do this/that for us and then come back""-sort of thing. There were some missions that were stellar and let us actually do some interesting things, but there was a great proportion of ""dull"" missions as well. This is something to remember, especially considering that this game is single-player only. Yes, it's supposed to be related to Alien, but it's still a game and you're allowed to have some room for creativity.The DLC's are rather dull.It's like a time trial and nothing else. It lets you play as one of the crew members from the original Alien movie, which is absolutely fun, don't get me wrong, but there's no real meat on the bone, if you catch my drift. It's not more Alien: Isolation, but just a puny ""something small on the side""-type of DLC. It's definitely worth it on a sale if you're a hardcore fan of the movie franchise but it's nothing I would buy for myself knowing I wanted to play more Alien because of the story.Diversity of various things. When you need light, you start generators. When you need to move an object electronically, you pull a lever. When you need to hack a terminal, you play a mini-game. Please, for the sequel, take this criticism and spend more time on it. I want further ways of being involved in the game. Can't I just shoot at the thing and open X or use my engineering skills to alter electronic-circuits to access information Y? This would be amazing and truly a fresh breath of air. But then again, implementing is a whole other story.Last but not least.. the ending.This is notreallya negative gameplay point, but I still want to mention it.!THERE ARE NO SPOILERS!I feel as if the ending opened a new set of questions, rather than answering the ones created during the actual playthrough. Did Amanda truly get closure? What happened to her - does the ending indicate something deeper? Is Weyland-Yutani reacting in a certain way? Etc., etc. I feel as if it's unfinished but still finished in the sense that they're planning for a sequel coming soon. It would not surprise me and I will pre-order it as soon as it becomes possible.CONCLUSIONIs there really a perfect game? Not truly. If there was, wouldn't it be relative? Yes, it would. And thus perfection is what the fans of the Alien-universe will receive. I am a fan of stealthy games and especially horror games (and movies) and since you can'ttrulyuse action and stupid Call of Duty-tactics through this game, I was very much pleased - if you're this type of person as well - you will also be pleased, I'm sure of it.Yes, it has some limitations, but there is one person who reviewed this game here on Steam who said it wonderfully: this game is not really a game - it's an experience. And that is spot on. It's an experience no other game can truly deliver. It's scarier than anything I've played and I feared for Amanda's life as if it was my own; It's difficult and the AI does not disappoint (besides occasional natural bugs, of course). Do I recommend it? I do. Do I reommend it during a sale? I most certainly do."
76561197985072747,Recommended,214490,15365660,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - First Person Survival Sci-Fi/HorrorAfter Gearbox ruining their chance at an Aliens game, I had low expectations of this despite the mostly positive reviews.However, this is a very different game all together. You will feel like you are in an Alien film and it is not just you against the Alien. There are other threats just as deadly and other crew mates to negotiate with on your journey of survival. It reminds me of the Riddick game in style, which was very underated and feels like a true movie tie-in.You will have to use your resources wisely and choose when to fight and when to run in order to survive. The graphics look nice and the interactions you have with other other characters and the environment feel real.A great Alien game for fans of the films."
,Not Recommended,214490,30289715,Posted: 2 March,all,Valithor,"While the game nails the atmosphere of the movie, the gameplay leaves a lot to be desired. The alien does not feel like something to avoid but rather to game. There are a lot of unexplained rules that even the steam guides didn't pick up on and a lot of the time it feels like a test of patience rather than stealth. There are no given indications to how hidden you are and some of the methods to hide that you expect to work don't and the ones that shouldn't do much better. Basically, the alien is on a timer, when he's in the vents you can walk as fast as you can to an objective and when he's out you need to hide behind a box for several minutes as he never looks behind said box and leaves. Overall, the first few hours were great, but after felt like a slog fest through boring point A to point B quests to where felt safe to start ""step checking"" the Alien and brute forced my way through. While the first few encounters were tense, after figuring out how it moves and thinks, it gets old fast. As a fan of good stealth titles, I'm left wondering how this got a game of the year award from anyone.Pick it up if you like the franchise, otherwise it's not a good use of time."
,Recommended,214490,22952442,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,JNoxus,Movie and menu theme song is more spooky then the game itself.Lovin' this game.
,Recommended,214490,15887616,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Reapermike,"From the beginning, a very creepy and scary horror game, and later on becomes a fast-paced action package like the movies. Excellent creating of atmosphere and tension.In my opinion, this rivals Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Outlast with it's scariness. Reaper recommends!"
,Recommended,214490,13094834,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,cedargreen,"Normally I don't play games all the way through.  I get bored and move on.  This game was great though.  Very tense score and always the possiblity of an Alien or facehugger showing up, not to mention the people on board that want to kill you too.  The protaganist is fun and you root for her and her struggles.  I would recommend picking up this game if you're a fan of survival games.  May want to get a checkup from the Dr. first.  Make sure the heart is healthy enough.  Def some scares and tense moments."
,Recommended,214490,13382368,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Shalashaska,The FUTURE!>Rotating Fans>Incandescent light bulbs>Monochrome CRT monitors10/10
76561198013925418,Recommended,214490,12488772,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Chlorinated_Chicken,"After the debacle that was Aliens: Colonial Marines Alien: Isolation, developed by The Creative Assembly, is a lovingly crafted and brave new take on the Alien franchise in videogame form. The most important thing to understand about this new entry into the series is it's radical shift in game-play design from those of which were, by an large, iterations on the same game-play first experienced in Doom. And it was with no surprise that the franchise was going to take this well trodden path as the sequel to the original film in the series was John Carmack's main inspiration in developing Doom.By diagnosing the main problem with one of videogame's most popular genres The Creative Assembly have opted to make the player feel as vulnerable as possible in order to instil a genuine sense of dread and tension throughout the game. The game doesn't allow players to horde backpacks full of guns and ammo but instead forces you to use any meager gadget you can concoct in order to distract your enemies as opposed to mowing them down with little cost to your resources or safety. There are guns introduced later in the game and surprise surprise here in lies one of the games strange inconsistencies with the Alien cannon and potential flaws in it's game-play.After a slow burn introduction to the Sevastopol Station, a crumbling space port in it's last stages of being decommissioned, the game starts out incredibly reminiscent of Bioshock allowing the player to venture in at their own pace discovering computers containing personal logs by Sevastopol inhabitants and audio recordings that help to organically deliver the narrative element of the game. Once further into the Sevastopol, and the main elements have been introduced, the game-play really takes off with the Alien and other enemies all working together to create a wonderfully organic emergent gameplay style that is never scripted and always seems unique throughout repeat playthroughs. And repeat playthroughs of individual missions will become commonplace to even the most seasoned and skilled players as The Creative Assembly have done something truly amazing with the AI of it's titular enemy by designing it to work with heightened sensors that enable it to respond dynamically to sound and situations as opposed to being moved on predetermined paths with basic AI programming. In short this game is ♥♥♥♥ING HARD!The look and feel of the game is stunning, albeit it with a minimal amount of dodgy cut-scenes, poor human facial animations and shader aliasing problems, as the lighting and graphical fidelity convinces you that you are in the world of Alien, one of cinemas most stunning and meticulously designed films. The Alien's design and animations are far beyond anything I've seen in any game and it's clear where Sega have really channeled their money opting, with minor cost to less vital parts of the game, to really bring the Alien to life.However there are some problems with the game, although minimal, and these are down in large part to the second half of this massive game. When I say massive I can tell you it must have taken me over 25 hours to complete the game on Normal difficulty on a very exploratory play-through and once the game reached the 15 hour mark for me, which would have been an ample length for a game of this kind the Alien ""goes on vacation"", for the third quarter of the game, leaving you pining for it's return. Once the game finds itself without an Alien you are left to contend with the station's second most deadly entity, the Androids, who prove to be somewhat less fulfilling. The game also chooses to ignore some vital elements of the Alien's life cycle introduced by James Cameron in the second movie which I feel are to it's detriment.On the whole Alien: Isolation is one of the most tense and claustrophobic horror stealth games I've ever experienced and I heartily recommend to it to any and all that have even the slightest interest in horror and sci-fi. Well done CA the Alien is finally back in town!"
,Recommended,214490,12442929,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,King Chad™,"2spooky4meseriously, i've never even uttered a single peep during amnesia, but when that ♥♥♥♥ing alien grabbed me i was squirming"
76561198009374045,Recommended,214490,13047857,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,The cool PS4 controller,10/10 I needed an exuse to buy new pants anyway
76561198086336286,Recommended,214490,18247072,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Marvipan,"Alien: Isolation has bumped itself up to my most favourite game ever!I love the overall feeling of the atmosphere up in Sevastopol. Creative Assembley have done an amazing job immersing us into the Alien franchise. The attention to detail is unbelievable!Depending on your skill level I guess you're looking at around 10 - 14 hours gameplay which I consider value for money! I never felt there was a dull moment. There's always something going on, either completing a task, hiding from a threat or making a daring escape. I love the feeling a good horror game gives me, and this is right up there with the best for me. Pure fright at times.An excellent horror game. Creative Assembley nailed it!WE....WANT....MORE! :D"
,Recommended,214490,12489826,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BBqWoa!,"Finally we have a game worthy of the Alien franchise.The creators of Alien: Isolation obviously 'get it'.Every aspect of this game is perfectly in-universe. the maps are sets built for Alien. The creature comes as close as possible to representing what was only shown in breif, dark moments in the film.The music and sound create a thick, oily ozone-smelling atmosphere that immerses you deeply into the grim, dark, uncaring world of the Alien franchise.Controls are spot on. The way your body moves is perfect. Level geometry is built in such a way that, even in a panic, you know where to hide the moment danger strikes.This is NOT a survival horror game.This is a true Alien game. It is, I dare say, the sequel to the Alien film.The fact that it is horrifying is incidental. The fact that you feel like you are barely holding onto the next moment of survival is incidental: this is what this universe feels like. This is what a true Alien game should be.This is a game, set after Alien, that is built from the same creative essense, and truly exists in canon. The fact that it is a 'survival horror' game is simply by nature of these ingredients it was made from.Totally engrossing, gripping, visceral, natural.All there is are your tools, the game world, and the incredible characters that populate it. You never thing ""this is a great game I'm playing"" because you are too busy playing it, feeling it, and desperately holding onto survival.Cutscenes are prerendered, and they are at an inconsistent, sometimes choppy 30fps.Anti aliasing forced by your control panel is unsupported. The built in antialiasing is a bit less strong than I'd like.T2X is the best the game has, and is fine.These little technical issues are easy to overlook. Everything else is so superb and well crafted, it doesn't matter.Visuals are perfect. AI is perfect. Music and Sound design are more than perfect. Gameplay/body feel/minigames to operate doors and computers is wonderful.Full marks. Buy it now."
,Recommended,214490,13555882,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TigusVidiks,"Very athmospheric. If you are looking for an action packed action game where you get to shoot hordes of Aliens, then this is NOT for you. You'll be better playing Colonial Marines. But if you are looking for a true survival-horror alien game, with the feeling of the first Alien movie, where your primary task is to survive, with lots of tension building moments, where sound and lighting take a key role, and often is just you and the environment while you try to make the best decision of where to go and how to avoid the Alien , than this is it.Best Alien game I ever played (and I played pretty much all of them worth mentioning), and one of the best survival-horror games in recent years."
,Recommended,214490,20599914,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,LEPRE,Best hide and seek simulator + spooky steam and lightsGolden Xenomorph = Golden gameJust buy it. I know you want it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,214490,12400519,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Taiylz,"Only being on the fifth mission, nor played any of the other modes offered, I can only base my opinion on what i've played so far. I've been playing games for many years, they say to me, hey, you shouldn't play so many computer games, and i say to them, shut up. This game brings me to a familiar feeling, and this feeling is the reason i spend my pennies on games. It's the same feeling you get when reading a book, binge on a tv series, or paint, and that is when you become engrossed in another world, far from reality, you become lost in it, unaware of time or anything outside of the zone you are in right now. Escapism. When a game grants me this, it is well worth my pennies."
,Recommended,214490,12405592,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BadSniper,Strongly recommended for fans of the survival-horror genre and the Alien series.
,Recommended,214490,13064708,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sherry Khanny,"This is by far the best game I have ever played. And I've played a lot of games...As many others, I am a huge fan of the Alien movies and until now, all the Alien games I've played missed that certain touch that made the 'perfect organism' earn its title. Though the AvP series delivers its thrills and chills, Isolation really nails it. Based on the first Alien movie (the best of them all, in fact), it manages to recreate that frightful feeling that you get when you're hunted-down by the ultimate predator.It has its glitches, but are so far apart and so little, that you can easily ignore them and they don't break the overall feeling.Though I've read in many reviews that the game is too long (SERIOUSLY?!?), I find the length and the pacing of the game just perfect. I hope Creative Assembly won't give-in to these (STUPID) comments and make the next Alien game just as lenghty. Combining the Alien moments with the 'Working Joe's' ones makes for a perfect thrill ride, with it's ups and downs, otherwise it would have become stale. I also simply loved the moment which ties the first two movies together, that was pure genius! No spoilers! ;) Also very welcome were the moments where you think you've met your doom, only to be thrown into the lion's den once more... or at least you're gonna wish it were lions, but no such luck. ;)Best! Game! Ever! Play it, die a lot, and I mean a lot of times! Repeat! :)Good job, CA, I can't wait to play all the DLCs and hope for another gem like this in the future! :)"
76561198022296391,Recommended,214490,17116436,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MacAttack,"This is really scary!  I remember the old Alien games, and they did a good job...this is just TOO real though.  I've been playing on and off for 2 days now, and I'm probably half through the first level.  I've never played a game where you have to quit at parts because its just too intense.  11/10."
,Recommended,214490,17143954,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Criwall,"Absolutly terrifying and quite possibly the most intense survival horror experience out there. Most horror games startle you with jump scares but they can get somewhat predictible. This goes way and beyond with a constant feeling of danger that never leave you and I love it (and I can only imagine how it would be on the Oculus...). The retro-futuristic aesthetics is fantastic, the game reeks atmosphere and the AI of the Alien is exactly as unpredictible and unscripted as it should be in a game like this. The fact that you can only save on specific places increase the dread but they are never so far apart that you get frustrated. This is how you do horror. This is how you do an Alien game. I can not even really hate on Sega for Colonial Marines anymore. They earned back respect in spades for actually going against the covensional publisher mindset and giving us the best AAA-horror game in years and one of last years best game period."
,Recommended,214490,12491482,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Garr,"Pretty amazing game, probably not everyones cup of tea, it's a very particular type of game.Firstly, if you're the type of person who only wants action, where you just shoot until everything is dead. This is definetely not the game for you. If you want to liken this game to anything, It's gameplay elements are more akin to some of the Hitman games, in the fact that you need to do a lot of hiding, and distraction.However, before you click off this review, I'd just like to say that I am not a fan of the Hitman games, but I thoroughly enjoy Alien: Isolation. Why, you might ask? It's simple. The atmosphere, and the buzz of hiding, and not being caught is astoundingly tense, and compelling. I found it a true joy, whilst at the same time being amazingly terrifying.This game is a gem in many respects, because it's able to do what a lot of other mainstream survival horrors cannot, that is absolutely terrify the player. I mean, this game is the daddy in that department. If you're a big wuss, I definetely would NOT recommend this, also I wouldn't recommend this to anyone with a weak heart, cause it's likely to cause you a heart attack!!To summarize:Pros:- Amazingly tense- Terrifying, in a most gratifying way (When you escape!)- Terrific atmosphere (Literally, probably one of the best atmospheric games I've ever played)- Very true to the Alien canon (great for fans)- Superb graphics, and compelling story- It's fun to build stuff!- The sound in the game is amazingly tense!Cons:- Terrifying (depends on your outlook!)- Pretty difficult and frustrating (Save points are sometimes spaced out which means a lot of backtracking)"
,Recommended,214490,14074665,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Firewall Jackson,"Over the years, the ""Alien"" franchise expanded from its claustrophobic horror roots into a sprawling canon, that somehow birthed monstrosities such as Aliens: Colonial Marines and Prometheus. Alien: Isolation positions itself as a direct sequel to the original film, both in tone and in the story arc. Ellen Ripley's daughter, Amanda, is led to a space station where information about her mother's disappearance is located. She then has to survive the same kind of horror that made the original movie so enduring.Alien: Isolation took me nearly a month to play through. This is somewhat startling because it only lasted 18 hours, and I really savored every one of those hours. Most games glue your butt to the seat by throwing out every aspect that isn't 'fun,' and hours generally evaporate in a haze of feel-good empowerment. Isolation, on the other hand, is not concerned with 'fun' but with providing a tense, exciting, and terrifying experience. I'm glad that Creative Assembly was given the chance to wield AAA funding in this indie-championed genre of survival horror, because they really did pull it off.Isolation so perfectly explores the feeling of being hunted by a terrifying space monster that it can be difficult to play, especially for long periods of time. The experience isn't just intense, or scary, but actually mentally draining. There is little to alleviate this tension, so if you're easily spooked or looking for a game to relax with, this is not a good choice. There were definitely days where I was just not up the task of evading the titular Alien, but I always looked forward to my next foray into Sevastopol.The game does a good job at dragging you through the terror by exquisitely pacing every aspect of the design. You reach each save point just as your will to carry on is fading, and each game save emboldens you to continue just a little farther, to see what's next. As each mechanic begins to feel repetitive, they introduce something to mix it up. Just as getting eaten by the Alien begins to feel routine, they introduce a flamethrower that can scare it away for a short while, changing the dynamic from a black-and-white 'if you're seen, you're dead' into a tense game of conserving very limited fuel. You are gradually introduced to a variety of craftable items that change the way you solve problems, but never provide you with much power. The crafting system is very simple and feels kind of unnecessary, but it definitely adds to the atmosphere to be scavenging random bits from the environment to tape into makeshift items.The gameplay generally consists of activating consoles, supplying power to things, finding keycards and passcodes, and getting from point A to point B without dying. It's a dull formula, but Isolation does its best to plaster over this traditional skeleton with an arsenal of clever design tricks. Amanda Ripley is (conveniently) an engineer, which lends credence to the game's conceit that progress can always be made by messing with Sevastopol's machinery. The levers you have to pull, the buttons you have to mash, and the terminals you have to interact with are satisfying objectives. Instead of just hitting E and watching a light change color, interacting with objects sometimes takes multiple button presses and involves satisfyingly mechanical noises and Ripley's hands performing full animations.Most objectives tied into the overall story well, and I only occasionally felt frustrated by tasks that seemed like busywork. The obstacles to be overcome between objectives are constantly in flux. The type of enemies present, the composition and relationship between them, and the environment are switched up frequently to provide interesting challenges. Even the simple corridor, that dull staple of games immemorial, becomes a terrifying expanse of unbroken sight lines with nowhere to hide.By far the most interesting challenge is the Alien itself. While there are other dangerous entities on Sevastopol, the Alien is the smartest and most deadly. It is almost always a threat, as well, prowling through the ventilation system and wandering corridors, always close but not usually on-screen. This is something that movies figured out a long time ago, but games struggle to implement: monsters are scarier if you don't see a lot of them. When you see the Alien, it is in glimpses as you peek to see if it's still in the room, or as it stalks past your hiding spot as you hold your breath. You hear it and almost feel its presence, and it overshadows everything you do; but you don't spend a lot of time staring at it, giving your brain time to compartmentalize and understand this threat. They could have shortened its kill animations, as well, because these definitely begin to lose their edge and actually provide relief from the constant tension for their duration.The game can be frustrating if you try to play it slowly. The Alien is exploring the area independently from you, not hovering over your shoulder, so you can (and should) generally move quickly from room to room. Crouch-walking and moving slowly increases the number of encounters you're going to have with the Alien, and actually makes the game far more difficult. It's easier and more satisfying to move quickly, but cautiously, and try to be ready to hide at a moment's notice. You'll quickly find a rhythm that works, but you have to break out of the habits that other stealth-oriented games have instilled in you. Hiding is not a 'visible/hidden' spectrum, but is completely logical and takes into account everything from whether the object you're holding is generating light or making noise, whether you're always hiding in the same place, how dark it is, and how much of you is exposed. For example, crouching under a desk isn't going to work if the Alien is across the room from you and can see under the desk from where it's standing. However, it works great if the Alien's right next to the desk because it can't see under the desk from that vantage point. It's logical, but it doesn't feel very game-y. It feels much more like you are playing against a human opponent, so I would get a rush of satisfaction when I outwitted the Alien that I usually only feel in multiplayer games.The game is quite a looker, as well - it borrows heavily from the visual design of the films, which are still a sort of gold standard for sci-fi corridors. It's a perfectly done ""70s future"" lavishly implemented with excellent lighting and an eye for detail.Alien: Isolation crafts a near-perfect Alien experience. The tension and thrill of the experience is maintained right up through a terrific third act full of surprises. It's a game that breaks the rules with style and confidence, and really deserves to be played."
76561198073412990,Recommended,214490,12882988,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Hardend Steele,"Alien: Isolation is a welcomed addition to the ""SURVIVAL HORROR"" catagory aswell as the under-appreciated ""STEALTH""  genre, which has become less and less prevalent in main-stream gaming over the last decade. The visual and audio presentation is ""TOP-NOTCH"" giving the game an authentic atmosphere remeniscent of the original motion picture ""ALIEN"". Character control is fluid and easy to learn and the games ""QTE"" sequences are kept simple and to a minimum with an ample amount of time for input and never seem to impede player progression with elaborate  button combinations.Player interactions with the titles main antagonist ""THE ALIEN"" are frightening, even more so because the player is given no option or resource to permenatly dispatch the beast, but rather given tools to either distract or ward off direct encounters aswell as enviromental options that allow the player to evade detection, such as ""LOCKERS"" and being able to crawl under ""DESKS"". This aspect of the gameplay mechanic adds a great deal of tension and anxiety to the experience, leaving the player feeling helpless and reluctant to conduct overt actions.The titles difficulty is unprecedented aswell. Though there are three levels of difficulty to choose from, ""EASY"" being a more cinematic and steady paced experience allowing the player more room for error when dealing with the ""ALIEN"" which keeps the story content flowing more naturally, ""HARD"" on the other hand is an arduous and lengthy ordeal that requires ""QUICK"" and ""CLEVER"" thinking and no small amount of ""PATIENCE"". This however can be off-putting and frustrating to the more casual player base and because of this I wouldn't recommend this title to everyone.Alien: Isolations story was thoughtfully written aswell and all the events and scenario's that occur between the games relativly calm begining to the titles ""controversial"" end were exciting and interesting never once leaving me feel dissapointed in the experience. A truely unique title with a personality of it's own.I give it a 9/10 and recommend Alien: Isolation to any fan of the series and the stealth/survival horror genre."
,Recommended,214490,13358566,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SniperXL50,"Alien: Isolation is the best ""Alien"" game you can buy.It is also one of the most intensely scary games I have ever played.When you hear the motion tracker beep faster and faster, you will scurry to find the closest hiding place, hoping to make it in time. You look up and realize that you are standing right underneath the vent it is hiding in. There is nothing you can do.Great game!!!"
,Recommended,214490,12451630,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ROBOKITTYZILLA,"Creative Assembly absolutely nailed it with Alien: Isolation. The atmosphere and sound design are unparalled and the attention to detail displays a level of understanding and polish that is rarely seen in the genre. This is the best game based on the Alien franchise to date and one of the finest survival horror games I have ever played. This is one of those rare times when a game has completely lived up to my expectations.The core gameplay revolves around using stealth and redirection to avoid dangerous encounters. You will often travel through ventilation shafts and air ducts, and may find yourself hiding under tables or inside lockers and containers to avoid detection. You will need to remember to lean back and hold your breath if you don't want to be snatched out of your hiding spot! Being hunted by an unrelenting and dangerous alien isn't the only source of terror in Alien: Isolation; you will encounter hostile androids and humans that can be equally as frightening. To assist in your survival on Sevastopol, you can scavenge for resources to craft items like flares, flash bangs, smoke bombs, noise makers, EMP mines and other tools, which are useful for creating distractions or to disable your enemies. While revolvers, blunt objects and other weapons are available, these should be used as a last resort. The enemies are no push-over.The story primarily unfolds through cinematic cutscenes and character interactions, but is supplemented with information and lore from audio recordings and computer terminals that are scattered throughout Sevastopol. Alien: Isolation does a fantastic job of building tension and fear with direction and design that pays great homage and rivals Ridely Scott's original 1979 film, ""Alien"". For fans of the Alien franchise, this is a no brainer, and for everyone else, it is an experience that rivals the best the genre has to offer."
,Recommended,214490,12414670,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Hughesy,"GREAT GAME 10/10First off this game on hard actually is hard AND I LIKE THAT. Kiddies and noobs GTFO and get away from this game. The films were way before your time anyway.The attention to detail is epic. The suspense is epic, it takes a lot to make me jump but I have several times already I LOVE IT!If you love the alien franchise and especially the first one this game is 100% for you. Even the maintenance vents make the right noise...This is what an alien game should have always been, get it."
,Recommended,214490,12630062,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,✯LightningRod✯,"It's the Alien game I've waited 35 years for, and it's excellent. A near perfect, immersive experience that rivals even the original film in terms of atmosphere and terror. Alien fans rejoice, the second coming of the sci-fi horror classic, has arrived."
76561198166634133,Recommended,214490,30230756,Posted: 27 February,all,razor the Glopin Bloopin,"I love this game, I played it on Xbox first but the experience wasn't the same as when I played it on PC. I love the story, the suspense that it delivers when playing and the ingeneral fun of playing it. Love the different aspects to the game, the DLC has great content and the game is just very well made. Its a nerveracking game to play but there is always the relief when the alien or whatever threat goes away. Would buy the full package including DLC and I would recommend this game to anyone, who likes playing horror games, like this one, Outlast and many others. Lots of work went into this game and the product is amazing, I played this game for 6 days straight, just story mode and then replayed the whole story for fun becuase I loved it so much. Would buy, no regrets, slap that purchase button and then enjoy."
,Recommended,214490,12397413,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Zedmond,"Im playing this right now. I'm five hours into the game, and I've spent two hours in one section alone.Any game with a stealthy combat gameplay mechanic, things like The Last of Us, or Metro 2033, do not come close to this.I have spent the last two hours in lockers, boxes, corners, and beneath beds, listening to this thing bang around in the airvents. It isn't leaving my area and any movements I make towards the exit are horribly risky and terrifying.I'm writing this review to try and calm down. Buy this game, and wish me luck."
,Recommended,214490,12424657,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Hunter Wild,"Overall (played through once on Hard)I found Alien: Isolation to be exceptional. It isn't the best game I've played this year but it's easily worth the time and money. I wouldn't say that it has any immediate replayability; you're not gonna finish your first playthrough and start another one right away, but I can see running through it again in a few months. I found the story and duration of the game to be quite good despite a couple of the reviews I've read. The great graphics, amazing and tense music, and terrific ambient sound all comes together to make an immersive and emotional experience.Oh, the horror!I don't play horror and shock games too often so I expected to have to wear adult diapers most of the time. The fright aspect wore often after a while and, strangely, I found myself far more jolted by the androids than the alien. But the sense of fear wearing off wasn't synonymous with boredom, not at all. I was actually a bit relieved, especially since I like to play games before I go to sleep (and I always carry that stuff into my dreams). But the horror was replaced with a tension that I really appreciated for the duration of the game. There were little respites from the tension where I was able to run freely, and run I did because it was an opportunity that didn't exist in the rest of the game without risking getting the top of my skull ripped off from the darkness of an overhanging vent shaft or hearing the slippery thud as the alien dropped down in the next room over before screeching and tearing after me.Was the game too long?Let's be real, I put in 24.1 hours for one playthrough on Hard. Absolutely nothing about that is too long. But did it FEEL too long? Not at all. Alien: Isolation does not stick to a common, dull story arc that has a predictable climax and ending. But this seemed to actually be a bad thing to some people, as though they wanted a completely predictable narrative. I've read reviews with complaints about how the game was tedious, repetitive, and just ran on too long. Descriptions go like, ""You just find a thing to open a door so you can find a thing to open a door, over and over."" These sorts of complaints sound like all those people who don't understand why anyone plays games at all; ""So, like, you just click the mouse over and over all day? Why don't you just leave the house and do something real?"" We all know it's a ton more complex than this ridiculously mundane view, and the same goes for Alien: Isolation. In addition to having an interesting story arc that will keep you guessing even when you think you're done, there are, in short, qualities of constantly managing a ton of things throughout the duration of the game in order to strike the right balance that allows you to progress while minimizing risk and being able to adapt to danger as it appears.The best test I have for a game is time travel. Having played through it and knowing what I know, would I go back in time and buy it and play through it again? Yeah, I totally would."
76561198099742160,Recommended,214490,13415316,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,VoidWalker,"After disposing of the Alien i am still trapped in the station fighting for my life against the androids. I enter a room, 5 of them wakes up. Backed up against a wall i make my stand. 5 Antroids down with 5 shotgun shells with their fluids covering the instruments around me.Achievement unlocked "" My Turn Now ""10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15122094,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Death,"This game was a refreshing and welcome addition to my library of horror-survival games in that it steps out of the mainstream fit of an emphasis on combat when stealth fails. The staple of games such as the Resident Evil series, and the more recent Metro 2033 series, where combat is deemed a necessity. Here, combat is more of a last resort, and weaponry / ammo is quite rare.Alien Isolation is an immersive, endless and well scripted dimension of raw fear. Having an indestructible predator on your heels in a rich, realistic environment reminiscent of an actual decommisioned space station where your senses of hearing and movement are actual game mechanics you can't overlook is excellently implemented. Paying attention to the environmentat acoustics is refreshingly frightening, and hgaving to observe your environment for clues on hiding spots and entry points for progress instead of a scripted map as staple games have done ensures you're permanently on edge. Amd that is good art that leaves a lasting impression.Some minor gripes are the repetitive layout(s) and backtracking. However, they cannot make this game any less worth playing.If you have a VR headset, please play this game with it, and good luck.Individual section ratings:1. Graphics:Modern, well balanced, looks good, however, System requirements are friendly, and any mid-range gaming rig should handle this on Ultra without a problem. Minor glitches observed with aliasing. Very noticeable, adjust antialiaing manually from your GPU's control panel if necessary. TXAA not recommended, use FXAA as a last resort. Sweet spot is 4XMSAA.2. Gameplay:See notes above. Freaking excellent.3. Acoustics / Sound:Excellent. Whoever worked on the sound in this game took no shortcuts and pulled off a major feat. Its' simply perfect and well integrated into the game mechanics. The sound here pulls no punches.Overall rating: 100/10. Go get this game, period.PS: Vents aren't as safe as advertised. You'll get munched. A lot. Save frequently. And if something sounds off, believe it.Also, prepare to die. A lot.No one will hear you rage quit in space though.The usage of a VR headset is at your own discretion."
,Recommended,214490,23766552,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hong Kong Journalists,One of my favorate games so far.
,Recommended,214490,13096968,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,KIZILSAKAL,Don't start to play this game before watching the original Alien (1979) movie. The movie will make the game more enjoyable.
76561198038905471,Recommended,214490,16690853,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,komoriblues,"This game is awesome! Wear headphones and get as deeply lost in it as you can, it wont disappoint you!"
,Recommended,214490,12816633,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu's Gribbly Monocle,"Score: 9 / 10Price/Value: $40-Time: 18 hours (Incl. minor ID tag/log hunting)**Does not include Crew Expendable / DLC yet** (Have not played it)Well folks, we've been waiting for an excellent Alien game and here it is! Fans of things like Amnesia, Outlast, Penumbra, etc will find a common game mechanic in hiding as your main form of defense. You -do- get some weapons and tools but I will get into those a little later.You play Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen Ripley from the original film. You are looking for the blackbox from the Nostromo which you heard was recently recovered in search of your mother. This opens up some nice Nostromo logs which help reference the original film more.You spend most of the game either hiding from the alien or combating androids.Weapons such as a stun baton, maintenance jack, revolver, shotgun and boltgun are all effective against androids. The alien is best combated via stealth and planned movement. A handful of distractions and saves exist versus the alien...noisemakers, flares, smoke bombs, etc...which I found I never used. Molotovs and the flamethrower cause the alien to retreat into the nearest vent giving you roughly 3 - 5 seconds of freedom to move before the alien returns.Gameplay-wise there is nothing special here. It's the world that Alien takes place in that makes the game amazing. From the growls of the alien on the prowl to the glow of android eyes models are fantastic to look at. Key animations and movements from the original film make an appearance that Alien fans will enjoy. The motion tracker is solid and easy to read. The station, derelict, space and vent ducts are all highly authentic to the universe and feel like you are stepping into it yourself.I was highly reserved coming into this so I was pleasently surprised with how entertained I was. Aside from ID tag / log hunting this game really is a one shot wonder like most story games. I definitely recommend picking it up for $40 or less. The value is there and this might end up being my Game of the Year."
,Recommended,214490,29739469,Posted: 6 February,all,月神,"True horror!! As a fan of Alien series, I have to say this game really brings back the original feelings of first Alien movie."
76561197975067576,Recommended,214490,31712892,Posted: 12 May,all,Flammable,Playing with all settings as high aavthey go on Linux with gtx 1050 works perfectly. And its a really creepy game. Very good.
,Recommended,214490,30596153,Posted: 18 March,all,Dogemeat,"Alien Isolation is the very first game I had played on steam, and I love it. This game is great, and the graphics are amazing. I haven't run into any bugs, or glitches, etc... The A.I. In this game is perfect! A good challenge for any gamer. Every time my friends and I get together we always play this game on survivor mode. In survivor mode you must shutdown the stairwell, delete the system data (clear the ships search history...), and collect 2 crew cards. Anyway, this game is great for playing alone, or with friends! I recommend this game to everyone!!"
76561197970628459,Recommended,214490,12405353,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Gunsmith,Last time my underwear recieved this much punishment I tried eating my own cooking.
,Recommended,214490,22248096,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Serthulhu,this game's pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,214490,25042968,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Tin Soldier™,"This game is by far one of my favorite survival-horror games and i would recommend it to any fans of the alien movies.Graphics: 8.7/10 I think the graphics are amazing, very reminiscent of the movies, however there is some clipping with the doorways and the aliens tail. Every thing else graphic-wise is solid.Gameplay: 9.5/10 The alien is amazingly adaptable to ANY situation and/or player. It is unpredictable where it will go at any moment unless you are a veteran of this game. the working joes are arguably the most annoying aspect of this game because they are Very hard to kill for a beginner of the game, especially when being stalked by the alien. The ability to lean out of hiding is a nice feature as well. The crafting system is the part of this game i personally feel conflicted about, like how a molotov costs sensors. The map isn't the best i have seen but it works. sort of. expect to use a few walkthroughs to figure out where you are going.Audio: 8.5/10 The sound effects are really good, from the footsteps of the alien to the weapon sounds,the sounds in this game are realistic and have minimal bugs. The music is also very good at building up suspense although is a bit overpowering compared to the volume of the rest of the audio. the ambiance is also good at setting the tone of a creepy ship that is in the process of falling to pieces.Controls: 8/10 This game is best played with a controller, however it has keyboard/mouse support. The controls remind me of your typical console game controls, with a few changes to help with new features such as leaning out of cover.Overall: 8.6/10 An amazing game by far, you can tell a lot of work went into making this game, I personally got this game on sale for $12.49 however i probably would have saved up for it as well had the sale not happened."
,Recommended,214490,29393123,Posted: 21 January,all,Tapsa,"Good game, until you reach level 17, and as long as you don't play on nightmare difficulty. Expect the alien to teleport near you and stay close no matter what. Sometimes you need to do the same things over and over again until the random number generator goes in your favor. Late game androids will test your nerves."
,Recommended,214490,12457392,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,install eyes,"Good game, buy it, worth, the alien has a nice♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197972372090,Recommended,214490,28015407,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Slasher,Fun game.  Dark and scary at times.  Highly recommended.
76561197991610799,Recommended,214490,18717908,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,T@bazko,"No matter how big, bad or tough you are (or think)..  This game will change all of that. Promise."
,Recommended,214490,12527541,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,"This game is so fantastic. The entire style of the game combined with the scary atmosphere, makes it worth every penny!"
76561198016591961,Recommended,214490,15168301,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,It's Britney Bish,"Here I am slowly and safely making my way through the cold desolate hallways of the medical bay when the alien drops from a vent within eye shot. I manage to hide under a bed, highly visible but out of sight out of mind I guess.I am close to my destination when I see the alien standing at the end of a dark hallway and walking towards me, I think on my feet and hide in a cupboard no higher than my hips.(This thing is tiny, so naturally I feel claustrophobic)The alien reach's my small tin sanctuary and walks by without even lifting a brow. I decide to poke fun at my situation and call out to the alien ""Senpai, can you hear me Senpai?"" At this moment I gulp as the alien stops, turns to my tin shed and instantly rips the door off and making me his ♥♥♥♥♥.10/10 would drop the soap again"
,Recommended,214490,27228219,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ferus,"This game was definitely the biggest surprise in the past few years. The atmosphere of Sevastopol is incredible, it really is a homage to Ridley Scott's very fist Alien movie.If you liked the movie, you will definitely like this game."
,Recommended,214490,15851174,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Canonical,Tension laced with horror. It will mess with your brain.
76561197996486896,Recommended,214490,12427368,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,avax_org,"1. feels like movie2. long time since i felt like in systemshock 1 - this game brings that feel backmusthave! (for funs of systemshock and deadspace series)3. play at night, lights turned off, (beer optional)N+1 feels,sounds,looks LIKE THE MOVIE!"
76561198009392456,Recommended,214490,12410337,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Harmless,An amazing Joyride through an almost dead space station. A normal ride turns into a♥♥♥♥♥♥storm featuring Robots! Aliens! People with guns! Great tense action and challenging alien AI. Some suspected Cheating on the NPC's Part But Fun overall Although don't forget to breath.
76561198087125341,Recommended,214490,15238379,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,PossibleHater,"Horror games dont really get to me, but i gotta say, this games atmosphere put me a little on edge! I highly recommend this game for both fans of the Alien Movies and Horror Fans alike."
,Recommended,214490,17655460,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,snap (out of it),"Best alien game and best scary game I've played.  Lighting is beautiful, tools are great and the levels are well designed. The alien sequences might get frustrating though."
76561197965916889,Recommended,214490,19217198,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dalyon,"Isolation successfully managed the one thing that every other Aliens game failed at since 1999, making the Alien a true and terrifying threat worthy of it's origin. And that is even not the only god-awful thing you'll be facing onboard the failing orbital station in your quest for survival.The design feels genuine to the lore of the original movies, all from the design of the world itself but also the interface, the sound effects and the characters.The suspense and horror unfortunately falls short halfway and after. Firstly how the Alien becomes easier and easier to ward off, becoming a nuisance rather than a menacing monster. Secondly how the story dragged on with too much filler between you and the climax, too many inconvenient failings to simply delay the plot too many times.But in the end, they promised an Alien horror game, and they thankfully delivered."
,Recommended,214490,18076130,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Yellow Boy SATURATION II,"Alien: Isolation ReviewTerrifying horror game set in the Alien universe.It's been almost a year since Alien: Isolation was released for the Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4 and of course the supreme PC. It's a game that some have seemed to forget about, despite it being, in my opinion, the best horror game of 2014 and heck, it's even on my list as one of the best horror games of all time. It's not often that you get a good game based on a TV show or a movie, so I wasn't really expecting all too much from this game, especially after the horrid Aliens: Colonial Marines game. Whilst it did have some very outstanding negatives, the good things in this game just completely blocked out all of the problems it had. Today, we look back on Alien: Isolation and review why I thought it was so fantastic.Alien: Isolation is set 15 years after the events in the 1979 movie ""Alien"". Fifteen years after the disappearance of her mother in deep space, Amanda Ripley is approached by Christopher Samuels, a representative of Weyland-Yutani, who informs her that the flight recorder from her mother's vanished ship, the Nostromo, has been located. The black box is being held aboard Sevastopol Station, a remote space station in orbit around the gas giant KG348, owned by the Seegson Corporation. Samuels offers Amanda the chance to join the team being sent to retrieve it, in order that she might learn what happened to her mother. Ripley agrees, and travels to Sevastopol with Samuels, Captain Verlaine and Taylor, a lawyer representing Weyland-Yutani, aboard the cargo ship Torrens. Upon arrival at Sevastopol, Captain Verlaine finds the station damaged and communications with its occupants scrambled and unintelligible. Unable to dock, Ripley, Samuels and Taylor attempt to spacewalk over to the station to investigate, but their EVA line is severed by debris from an explosion and Ripley is separated from the others. This is where the real horror begins. Amanda Ripley discovers that their is great danger aboard Sevastopol Station. Their are humans equipped with weapons that will shoot on sight, their are rogue androids scanning the area and on top of that the ship is falling apart. But that's not it, of course, because Amanda soon learns that their is a creature aboard the station, a killer. I need not say any more.Alien: Isolation, as I said previously, throws everything it can at you. Humans, rogue androids, facehuggers, falling rubble, trams, elevator shafts and of course, the Xenomorph. It's a difficult game, undoubtedly. I really recommend playing on the easiest setting, seriously. It can be very frustrating at some points and can seem impossible. Even on the easiest setting it's still hard. The most annoying thing about the game is that it screams an ending at you constantly. The game seems like it's ready to end at 5 or 6 points during the game, it goes on forever! It took me just over 25 hours to complete this game, which seems incredibly long, but, if you push through it, it is definitely worth it and is an experience I think every gamer should have.The AI of the Xenomorph is fantastic! It's highly praised already by reviewers like myself, but I'll say it again, the AI is spot-on perfect! The Xenomorph's actions and movements whilst in-game aren't scripted at all. The Alien could leave the room and walk back in again. It could climb up a vent and climb back down again. It can pretend to not even see you and then when you turn around it bites your head off. The true horror of not knowing what to expect, absolutely perfect. One of the best things about the game.The first thing I actually noticed in the game were the visuals. The graphics are stunning but I'm not really trying to make a point about the graphics. It's not just the fantastic lighting or the beautiful anti-aliasing, it's more about the attention to detail, it's a real treat for fans of the original film. It really does look like the interior of the Nostromo and it is marvellous. The audio is great, too. Tense music fills your headphones at the right moments. There's also music from the original Alien films, too. The characters are believable and likeable and the storyline is gripping. You really get to know Amanda throughout the story and especially, as I said before, when she is so close to escaping and fails, I really did feel sorry for her. The other characters like Samuels and Taylor are also interesting.There are some negatives to this game. Other than it being to long and being annoying, the one thing that really did get on my nerves were the androids, otherwise known as the ""Working Joes"". Their was too much time spent dealing with the androids and hiding from them for me and I really did just want to get back to hiding from the actual Alien. Their were also some points in which you'll get lost and won't know if you've actually gone the right way. For instance, you'll find yourself catching the wrong trams and going to the wrong sections of the station, almost as if the game can't decide if it's open world or not. It's not open world. Yes, technically, it is. You can go back to where you were before, you can go to different sections that you've been to before but that's far from a good thing. The cutscenes are also a little odd. They seem choppy and the lip-syncing seems off. But that's just me being picky.The mechanics in this game are great! You get a scanner to track where the Xenomorph is and you get torches to cut open entrances. It works great. The hiding is good too, but remember that hiding is only a temporary solution and unless you get out of there, the Xenomorph will find you eventually.To summarise, Alien: Isolation is one of the best horror games out there. If you have a PC, definitely get it on that!"
76561198029213378,Recommended,214490,13278288,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,irvinejt93,I bought this game expecting it to be scary.This game is scary.Expectations met.9/10. Great game.
,Recommended,214490,13644483,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Iron Dagger,10/10Something lurking in the vents of the Sevastopol supply depot has turned the crew into paranoid lunatics... and it's not Amanda Ripley... because she is cowering under a table desperately crafting different mechanisms in hopes to survive the next corridor
76561198006965217,Recommended,214490,28949450,Posted: 2 January,all,Millzo,"Very scary, surprisingly difficult and super fun. 10/10 would recommend if you love the Alien franchise."
76561198039164510,Recommended,214490,12504945,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DarkMarcus,Anyone deserving a recommendation game would be this for sure. This game is set years after Ellen Ripley vanished & her young daughter seeks some closeure. To know more is to play it & find yourself putting your diapers on & hope♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself is the least of your problems.Wish to know more? Simple Ask me.
76561197965067948,Recommended,214490,13945744,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Stabby McStabStab,"Where do I begin? Let's address the negative reviews this game has garnered since its release. It's been labeled as a game that often has you doing repetitive backtracking and not enough actual Alien encounters. For those of you who are teetering on playing this because of the above, disregard the haters.Yes, there is some backtracking and you often come back to areas you've already navigated through, but when you do the developers have usually introduced something so that it feels like a whole new situation. The space station throughout the story is a character itself, consistently in a state of degradation and chaos. As things fail and fall apart around you. Your environment changes and you basically witness real-time atrophy of a situation beyond the control of the station inhabitants trying to hold it together.The designers did an INSANE job with the details in this title. When I play through Alien: Isolation, feelings that I had first playing System Shock 2 come rushing back. The art direction, the overall atmosphere, and the loyalty to Ridley Scott's Alien universe really immerse you into a game that's finally worthy of a standalone Alien story.The most noticable above-and-beyond feature of this title is the sound and music composition. The music is incredibly effective, conveying the eerieness of the abandoned space station or the intensity of your task at hand. The sound of weapons, androids, and of the Alien are incredible. THIS GAME SOUNDS AMAZING.I could talk forever about this game. The fire and space effects look great, the Alien and other AI can be very unpredictable so adapting to situations is often tense, and you're basically as vulnerable as a lone individual in a hostile environment should be and you definitely feel it the whole time.This deserves game of the year, and is probably one of my favorites of all time. The story itself could be its own movie.9/10 - I've done three playthroughs (two on Nightmare difficulty) and have played most of the DLC. PHENOMENAL!"
,Recommended,214490,12398562,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MOBIUS,"I was worried about pre ordering this title, great atmosphere and a good story, visualy its everything the 1970s Alien had and im pretty impressed that they managed to capture it all, everything screams Ridly scotts alien, a thumbs up from me"
,Recommended,214490,33541100,Posted: 14 July,all,Qubvo,"PROS:A true Alien experience. Alien Isolation puts you in the shoes of Ripley's daughter as you navigate through a ship while trying to avoid the Alien. The Alien A.I. is fantastic, learning from you and getting smarter every time.The story is interesting albeit nothing groundbreaking. Where this game shines is in the alien. You'll find yourself hiding more than running away, as once the alien has your scent, it becomes really hard to lose it.CONS:The game is a bit buggy (for some it is very buggy), hopefully it will be patched and will allow for a smoother gameplay. Additionally, the game seems to drag on for too long without nothing new happening. Finally, there are some sections toward the later part of the game which are boring as all hell, where all you do is walk for a very long time.Final comments:I do recommend playing in Hard difficulty to actually be afraid of being discovered. It's a great game and I can truly recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,31790319,Posted: 16 May,all,Yu@,"It's one of the best virtual games I have played. This game will make everyone enjoy the feelings of affright and tensity. If you are a fan of Xenomorph, you must like this !~"
76561197963517263,Recommended,214490,17274721,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Hiphastis,"I very much recomend this game, aside from the fact it scary for a game. It keeps true to exactly how you feel when you first watch the movies, there is a great sence of emession as you start to play, seeing your first obsticles aswell and learning new tricks to keep from getting caught. There is nothing bad i can say about this game, the music at times is great for movie-like feel but at times seems too strong when im just trying to hide out and hear where someone is walking. I will push this game any chance i get and always talk good about it. I love you sega you did it right."
76561197977887791,Recommended,214490,12440666,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Masta Butcher,The game of my dreams produced with love and care. It sets a high bar for 1st person adventure and can be forgiven for not being written exactly what some might want. True suspense rare in video game these days but gestated and nutrured here then released into the random mix of a linear progression and scripted story.
,Recommended,214490,34560450,Posted: 28 August,all,Hauntshade,"Beep...............Beep.......beep.....beep...beep.beep beepYou will learn to hate and fear the sound of that beeping motion sensor :)If there ever was a game that captures the feeling of the Alien movies than this is it.No run and gun heroics but hide and sneak and hide some more while trying to avoid the alien as it will kill you.Sometimes you just wanna stay hidden in that locker forever wishing for it all to go away..... it won't.If you are into the Alien movies than you HAVE to check this game out.I have had this game in my steam library for a long time, i hate scary games and i suck at stealth games so i held off playing this for a long time, now that i have started this, all i gotte say is i hate and love this game, i wanna quit and want to continue playing."
,Recommended,214490,21060138,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Sevastromo,"Story: The story follows Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen Ripley, lone survivor of the Nostromo. The plot picks up 15 years after Ellen Ripley’s disappearance, with the Nostromo’s flight recorder being found and taken to Sevastopol station. Amanda, an engineer working in a nearby system, is approached by Weyland-Yutani to accompany their retrieval of the recorder. In hopes of learning more about her mother, Amanda joins. Things go wrong from the start, as Sevastopol station is an absolute mess. Amanda, from the jump, is separated the WY reps and must explore and the station alone. This is a simple but effective setup for exploration and horror. The plot involves unraveling why the station is in disrepair and what is killing everyone aboard. Many of the subplots parallel segments of the original movie, exploring areas of the station, setting traps for the alien, etc. Even the fake endings, climax’s that do not lead to a resolution, are done in a similar fashion. The story does the franchise justice, while providing excellent context for the gameplay and atmospheric settings.Gameplay: If you're looking for a more Aliens-type experience from Alien: Isolation maybe this game isn't for you. This is a stealth game through and through. Towards the end you can open your play style to be a bit more action oriented, but overall the environment and tools you have cater to a cautious and quiet player. For most of the chapters, gameplay revolves around avoiding the alien while completing tasks. The alien is what makes this game shine. Its actions are so varied and unpredictable that you’re constantly on your toes. You’re always strategizing about your next move, learning your environment so that you can trust you won’t come face to face with the alien. Especially in the early game, you have little to no defense against the imposing threat. Only flares and crafted tools for distraction can give you respite. This makes the first few levels with the alien so formidable and tense. Not knowing the levels layout and watching this enemy operate with such freedom and decisive finality can significantly intimidate a player. What you can learn to control is the sounds you and your surroundings make, this is paramount in these opening levels. Keeping quiet and making distractions are key to your success. As you progress you face off with Working Joes, an android enemy that provide a serious nuisance. While these encounters are not nearly as fatal, mishandling the situation can lead to a large loss of resources or the alien showing up. Towards the end of the game, you have a more impactful arsenal at your disposal. You will be equipped with certain weapons that significantly improve your chances of surviving both alien and Working joe encounters.The stealth and survival mechanics work extremely well overall, all your movements and actions come off very fluid. However, the shooting mechanics are clunky and deter you from a run and gun approach. This isn’t a huge deal as shooting is rarely advantageous. The few scenarios where guns are effective are with the human enemies, but I found other ways of moving through the levels far more fun and safer. The other part of the gameplay is the mission objectives. Overall these tasks fit the environment, often asking to restore power, find a keycard, or fix something. Ripley is an engineer, so character asking your character to perform such nitty-gritty actions is logical and provides you many opportunities to cross paths with the alien. While there isn’t significant variety to the objectives, the context, environments, and alien will always keep things different.To wrap up, the gameplay rests on the revolutionary alien and its exceptional unpredictability. The alien’s invincibility is a fantastic choice as your emotions begin to echo the terrifying state of mind of the original Nostromo crew. The crafting, mini-games, and stealth all compliment the games strengths. Lastly, I’ll mention the save system where you go from phone to phone to create a checkpoint. I enjoyed having no auto save or quick save. The phone checkpoints add to the tension the game builds. When you’ve traveled some distance, and have been successful in avoiding the alien for so long, there is a real reward to finding a phone at last.Atmosphere: The atmosphere, graphics, sounds, and setting feel exactly like the original Alien movie. This game replicates that movie in many senses and does it well. The setting is Sevastopol station, a commercial port very reminiscent of the Nostromo in exterior and interior design. Everything looks wonderfully retro-futuristic in the same vein as the original movie. Homages to Alien are seen throughout, and if you’re as big of fan as myself you’ll love it! The Sevastopol is a deserted wreck by the time you arrive. Environmental story telling is evident as you can tell how the Sevastopol fell into its current state and what its past residents experienced. Graffiti, destruction, and logs add to the oppressive atmosphere with a dark backstory of a station in economic decline. This adds life to a primarily deserted station. The station was owned by Seegson, a Weyland-Yutani competitor that can’t quite manage to create quite as convincing androids. But with the alien involved you must know that WY have their reach extended here. Getting back to the atmosphere, the graphics are stunning and bring out the best in Sevastopol’s aesthetics. The lighting, steam effects, and metallic interiors all work together and contrast beautifully. The lighting especially creates some truly memorable moments. The red hues from the flare have a smoky, glowing haze, while yellow hues from a star can blow you away, illuminating a room through a window that provides a panoramic vista of deep space. The sound design is super effective in ramping up the tension of alien encounters. Thudding footsteps and saturated hisses announce its presence and instill fear. Ambient noises like moans and echoes add an empty feeling. The lack of sounds is huge too. Often there will be just the squeaking of your shoes and a clattering commotion somewhere far off in the station. The station provides a lot of sound effects. Vents, doors, monitors, and alarms all create this deep, extended sense of a large station in disrepair. Overall, the atmosphere is a strong suit for Alien: Isolation. There is so much to love about it, especially if you a fan of the original film.Overall: I recommend this game to anyone looking for an atmospheric, horror, stealth game. This is an absolute must have for fans of the Alien franchise as it pays homage to much of what made Alien great in 1979. The strong points of the game are the interactions with the unpredictable alien and its beautifully retro-futuristic setting, Sevastopol station."
,Recommended,214490,12398671,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Unknown_user,"Well ive played almost all the games based on the aliens franchise since the 80's and this i must say is the best and closest to the source material ive seen.The alien is no longer cannon fodder to mow down by the hundreds, in this game its how it should be the perfect predator and you dont know where its going to be so you are constantly looking over your shoulder. scoping out hiding spots and escape routes. now to mention freezing when you hear a noise,, was it some else? the station itself? or was it the alien..the single best alien game there is that completely lives up to the hype as far as im concerned*edit* finally finished it and my earlier assessment stands, the best game based on the franchise made"
,Recommended,214490,32705130,Posted: 23 June,all,Shark Lostcorpse,"This game will make you say 'What? Why? and How?' about getting caught by the Alien, no matter the difficulty. But this game manages to capture the atmosphere and aesthetic of the first two movies PERFECTLY. And with the DLC, you can quite literally step into the first movie.An expertly crafted game, and I would DEFINITELY recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,12734754,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,VΛSID,"Play it on hard or don't play it at all.The best part about the game is the AI and I hear it's weaker on the lower settings, as it was; not only did it effectively stalk me it actually learned from me and changed it's patterns accordingly.You will die, a lot, but that's to be expected.Overall the game is a visually pleasing Alien themed haunted house (with a bit of Bioshock thrown in for good measure) where you play a very difficult game of hide and seek with one of film history's most terrifying monster's. If that's what you're looking for I wholeheartedly recommend it. I feel the campaign alone is worth the price of entry.My one major complaint is the forced cliffhanger ending that was totally unsatisfying after all the hardship you had gone through."
,Recommended,214490,12468695,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Plake Snissken,"This game... this game is awesome! I have no doubt that this is the greatest Alien game out there.Why is it awesome? Because it construct the fear in the player, it is not just ""BAM! SCARY JUMP!"". The place is already creepy and claustrophobic, the random ""clunk"" noises around just add to this. But when the music starts to get tense and more tense, and you start to hear the ""stomp stomp"" your heart start beating faster, the developers really have put a lot of effort in those little pieces in order to make you feel ""ingame"".This is one of the best purchases I've made this year no doubt."
76561198051337361,Recommended,214490,16870461,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,vilemonk,"This game is krutzing amazing.Graphics and sound that add to the scary environment.  Intuitive controls.  Difficult as heck in places;  but not forced, fake Hardness.I will admit that the insurmountable waist-high fences in places is a bit annoying, but easily overlooked.Other programmers take note:  This is how you make a game.Worth the purchase.  What more can I say."
,Recommended,214490,13182018,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Papa Bless,"""On Steam, no one can hear you scream.This game is terrifyingly brilliant. I may have 23 hours on record but I'm only just about to hit the halfway point. I already love the game and as a fan of the film series this really hits the mark for me. The atmosphere and environments of the original film are brilliantly recreated and conveys the mood very well. This is backed up by the fact that you play as Amanda Ripley, the daughter of Ellen Ripley who was the star of the film series.The Alien itself looks perfect and the random A.I behavior never ceases to make you feel alone and scared. It's constantly on you and making you feel under pressure. And if you thought that was bad, you also have other humans on the ship who are trying to survive and also the synthetics; who have corrupted and turned against the human survivors.If you enjoy survival horror and/or a fan of the series, you owe it to yourself to get this game."
,Recommended,214490,12459252,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PJthePlayer,"I don't even know where to begin.  It will be hard to explain why I loved this game so much without including any spoilers but I'll try.First off... if you like the 1979 film Alien just stop reading now and buy this game.If you've never seen the movie (seriously?!) then you MUST watch it first.  It would be criminal to not have seen the movie before playing this.The aesthetic matches the original movie so well it's like you've been thrown directly into it... complete with clunky old CRT monitors, mechanical keyboards and cables hanging haphazardly along the walls.  The attention to detail from The Creative Assembly is truly astonishing.  You can tell they have a deep respect for the franchise.  Along with the 70's aesthetic another key point brought over from the movie is that the Alien is essentially immortal.  It is to be feared and respected.  It is death and you will cower from it in lockers and under desks holding your breath.In addition to the Alien there are other threats to contend with - other survivors and synthetics known as ""Working Joes.""  Human survivors can be dealt with rather easily but the Working Joes are another story.  You can shoot them point blank in the face only to be strangled by them while they calmly instruct you to ""cease your outburst.""  You can set them on fire and they will continue to stalk you informing you that you are ""becoming hysterical.""  They are creepy to the extreme and add a fantastic element to the game.In short this is the antithesis of Alien: Colonial Marines - a comparision that shouldn't even be made (an entirely DIFFERENT developer... many people fail to realize that!).  Pair this with clever and meaningful tie-ins to the original movies including new voicework from the original actors and actresses from the 1979 movie and in my opinion you've got the first meaningful entry in the Alien franchise from the video game medium.Some will complain that this game is too hard... that the Alien is too powerful or the savepoints too far apart.  Some might find the game simply too scary to play.  I understand these complaints but I do not share them,  I found it to be a terrifying and yet thoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish.If you choose to play it... well...  I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies.  :)"
,Recommended,214490,18513002,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Cho Chang,"Okay first off if your a huge fan of the Alien series and a huge fan of horror games then you'll love this, going into it you can be goofy and mess around, make a lot of noise, every once and a awhile you'll hear a scripted bang or clang in the background, I do believe that's preparing you/jumpscares.Once the xeno shows up, it changes, you have to be very quiet, and hide as much as you can, but it's not just the xeno that is after you, it's humans and andriods as well, if your a fan of the first Alien then you know that WayYu had created inferior andriods and they went nuts and tried to kill the crew, it's kind funny to be hiding and hear the driods say to the alien ""Unidentifed life form, please identfy yourself, logging report with Apollo."" Like the xeno would actually respond.I like how the game gets smarter and forces you to change tactics to complete missions, only problem with that is the xeno kills you so much that you get frustrated, at one point there was three in the hive/nest, three! and I was freaking quiet!I know I wasn't playing on the worlds best computer, or the highest graphics but I ran into every glitch there was to be had...Luckily I searched up every one and was able to find fixes, but I really feel like the devs should release a bug fix for these, cause in some cases people can't get any further and they keep resarting hoping it'll work, I dunno maybe I got lucky there because they actually worked.I may write a guide on the bugs I encountered and how to fix them.I loved how at first the game made me paranoid, like every sound, every time I would kick a can or something I would worry, oh did he hear it?I think it was a bit too long and the chapters tended to drone on...especially with dying and not able to find my way anywhere, sometimes I would watch vids for help, most of the time I followed the map.And whats with the facehuggers insta kills? like seriously no one could pull it off by spamming a button?Trying not to post spoilers, all in all its great game, buggy as heck and needs fixes, but I really enjoyed it, I hope there is a sequel.Do I recommend, yes if you can handle high anxiety and handle frustration and bugs."
76561198053843707,Recommended,214490,26174700,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,b.neuweiler,"Possibly the best game I have ever played (and i have played many in 20+ years of gaming....) The design is absolutely beautiful in a convincing retro style and very close to the first alien movie. The details and ideas in the game really show that this dev team did its research thoroughly and I am impressed how faithful to the atmosphere of the first movie this game is. Some ppl complain about the story but I think it's great and fits very well within the Alien universe. I also like the fact that finally a big name producer with a big title has the balls to put out a hard, unforgiving game. The fact that you can only save here and there really makes the enemy encounters so much more horrifying. I was never so scared playing a game ever!! It really keeps you on the edge of your seat constantly. Sound design is stunning and supports the atmosphere a lot. Here too one can see that the dev team pulled in some original creators from the first movies props and sounds etc. The whole setting is just unbelievably charming in its own way. Alien AI is great as well and it's a ballsy and great decision to make the Alien unkillable (at least with the weapons you can get), this adds much to its terryfing nature. I couldnt think about one thing i would have changed on this game, its propably as close to a perfect alien game as we will ever get. Also, this is a rather long game. You will get a lot of fun (or rather terror), missions and playtime with this game.I am usually not too keen on survival games but this has just the right amount of it without ever getting boring and you can also be creative in the way you use your arsenal of weapons and tools. Especially an absolute must for any fan of the Alien franchise!My heartfelt thanks go out to the devs and all the ppl that made this game possible for giving me some of the most scary but fun hours of my gaming life :) and please continue to make such ballsy and quality games!!!!"
,Recommended,214490,16614549,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,heinrich.böller,"gamewise a dead space clone, but it has one thing dead space does not have, the allmighty h.r. giger ALIEN, rockin' it up man :) it has good, tense atmosphere. and you are meant to hide way more than in dead space, but thats good, the franchise killed itself in the 3rd part by focussing on action (or got killed by ea one has to say). i dont like mini games and the mini crafting system, but whatever. also the surroundings are pretty sterile, the cut scenes and the persons have nice graphics though. only the sweat looks strange in some scenes. very nice game, space horrors. recommended."
76561198060288071,Recommended,214490,26858824,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The_Scoobster,Alien: Isolation is a fun game with a lot of hours to consume. I played this game on nightmare and I'd♥♥♥♥♥♥myself everytime I  heard something in the vents. Its intense atmosphere puts you in a mind set for survival; You just got to peak every corner and you'll do fine. I felt at the end it wasn't necessary for me to play nightmare. If you do feel like crying yourselft to sleep then at some point of the game you'll be walking around the same area for an hour or two just hoping you don't get ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥ Anyway I'd give this game a solid 9.5/10 (the voices sometime won't sync in the cinematics).
,Recommended,214490,13019991,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Fodder,"Great fun. Art direction and faithfulness to the original '79 film is outstanding and gorgeous. Had many a great scare thanks to the Xeno. For non-fans of the film, the game might feel a little drawn out. Personally, I felt like I got everything I paid for. The game does a good job at showing how scary a vicious Alien killer is when you're not packing a Pulse Rifle or facing off against a horde of dumb AI drones."
76561198045984210,Recommended,214490,12750443,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Miss. No Fairy,"This was an actionfilled, tense and atmospheric game! I am a big fan of the movies, and I really felt that they kept the feeling of the films in this game, so 70's deep space.. Beautiful graphics and music, and brilliant voice acting.I also need to praise the lightning engine in the game, it was impressive.The alien was a tricky one, the androids the most.. to say it mildly, creepiest and most annoying enemy in the game, wow.When I checked out this game I didn't have my hopes that high, but the game managed to blow me away on many points, as a conclusion, a masterpiece made by The Creative Assembly. *Applauds!*"
,Recommended,214490,25612399,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Diddle Schnitz,Don't forget your toilet paper.10/10
,Recommended,214490,28984209,Posted: 3 January,all,Gin,"Alien isolation is a survival/action/horror game in which you craft instruments and gadgets while sneaking around enemy threats with a constant, overpowered, looming sense of dread from a xenomorph threat. The game revolves around your ability to tackle every situation differently, as you have many settings and problems to adapt to. I have never felt a bigger sense of tension in any other horror game than this.Not to mention this is one of the best optimized/looking titles on the market right now. CA has captured Ridley Scotts original terrifying retro-futurism low fidelity science fiction aesthetic with perfect execution, and rightfully so. The audio is not something to be taken for granted either as i would reccomend wearing a headset at all times to capture the atmosphere that the devs have worked so hard to portray.The storyline on the otherhand kind of gets wonky after about mission 10, when the game starts faking you out with (what you think to be) perfect endings to this fiasco aboard Sevastopol Station. I feel like the last 8 missions could have been great side content, or pushed back before mission 10 with M10 being the ending. None the less, it still is a phenominal title and deserves to be played by any aliens fan, or survival/action/horror game fans.It feels like Creative Assembly singlehandedly ressurected the Alien games with this survival horror title, and to that i say thank you :)9/10"
76561198005327617,Recommended,214490,29052379,Posted: 5 January,all,Eddy the Window Smasher,You will crap your pants.
76561198271900242,Recommended,214490,29081951,Posted: 7 January,all,GraphFlex,Long azz campaign but also one of the scariest games i've ever played. The creators of this game are on a differnt lvl
,Recommended,214490,28962508,Posted: 2 January,all,XLVII,"TL;DR Absolutely brilliant writing (save for the ending), execution and homage to both Alien and Aliens. Even if you are not a fan of horror games, push through the beginning section to experience a supremely rewarding fan service.I'll be honest, I'm not very good with horror, stealth games. They can get way too psychologically intense for me and cause me to need to step away after each tense section. Because of this, I nearly walked away from Alien: Isolation and I would have missed out on, as a fan of the Alien lore and series, one of the greatest entries in not only the Alien saga, but games based on previously published content.Despite my initial inability to handle the horror stealth parts in the beginning, I understand why it was presented this way. The Alien is an unstoppable, relentless predator. It's constantly hunting you and every noise you make brings you closer to death. As the main character, your only hope against it is to hide, distract it, and annoy it with little bit of weaponry you can find. Your character's dialogue is laced with frustration, fear, and screams of terror. It's a direct parallel to the atmosphere of the first film. The conveyed sense of helplessness isn't annoying here like in other games, it's illuminating. It really demonstrates what the woefully under prepared crew of the Nostromo were up against in the original film. I'll get more to these ""conveyances"" in a moment.Eventually, we get to a point in the game where we are no longer worrying about the alien as much and instead focusing on another threat. This threat is huge in numbers in comparison to the alien and as such, the game starts dropping not only more materials and ammo, but improvised devices such as molotovs, pipe bombs, etc. The game has gone from horror stealth to horror FPS.Our character has limited ammo and supplies, but we know the enemy can be killed and they are far more predictable in their approach (The numbers aren't so overwhelming that you need to have twitch reflexes as well. All you need is basic ability to point and click, so it is perfect for folks not used to FPS). The main character's dialogue changes from this terrified, helpless engineer to this inspiring badass, ala the character arc of Ellen Ripley herself. She tells people over her headset to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together so she can do what needs to be done. When the station once again has a structural incident, she doesn't scream ""♥♥♥♥!"" in fear. She is annoyed, she's sick of this damn space station and wishes it had a throat for her to strangle. When someone asks if she's okay, she's tired of being asked the question. No, she's not ♥♥♥♥ing okay, she's pretty far from that, but that doesn't mean she's going to cry or stop doing what needs to be done.During the course of dealing with this new threat, we are shown the difference between a Weyland-Yutani synthetic (i.e. the villainous Kane in the first movie and our buddy Bishop from the second film) and the Working Joe synthetics that plague your character during the game. The power, strength, speed, and intelligence of the WY synthetic is demonstrated in a brutal fashion. The way the WY synth dispatches the WJ once again shows just how much of a bad♥♥♥♥♥Ellen Ripley was to be able one herself (also, keen eyed fans will notice a dead body that shows what almost happened to Ripley in the first film).It isn't enough though to just reference Kane though. The WY, in an event I won't discuss, has dialogue and performs a heartfelt action. The main character and the synth share a moment and in that instance, remind us of Bishop and Ripley without it being too much sugar. It makes sense story-wise as well, as WY would want everything their competitor has on the xenomorphs destroyed to remain dominant in the tech field.Eventually, the main character gets past the new threat standing between her and the survivors, dealing with problems with the structures power along the way (i.e. Ripley going for Newt) before discovering a horrible truth...THERE IS NO WAY I CAN CONTINUE THIS REVIEW WITHOUT A MAJOR SPOILER. If you are already sold on this game based on what I've wrote, go now. Come back later and see if you agree! Otherwise, let's continue....We discover that the initial Alien was not the one that emerged from the victim we've learned about through logs and a flashback mission. We learn that she had been the incubator for a queen, who retreated to a solitary place on the ship and begun building a nest. The main monster we were dealing with was a drone, hunting and killing to protect the nest instead of just being a mindless creature. All the other folks that were missing on the space station are found here, chests busted open in telltale signs of the xenomorph's bloody beginnings. Oh.♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's more of them, a LOT more of them.Remember that fear at the beginning of the game? It's not back. Instead, it's replaced with an apprehension, an understanding of your enemy. We have weapons, we know what they will do to the xenomorphs, and we know we have to be careful. We'll fight when forced but hiding is no longer an option for us. We have to keep moving forward. The writers brilliantly have conveyed the intense combination of emotions Ripley felt going after Newt in the nest in Aliens. Yes, we know these xenomorphs can kill us easily. Yes, we know every step we take will need to inventory of the environment around us to avoid ambushes. We're scared still, but we aren't helpless. The game has given us the tools at this point to support our newfound drive.We leave the nest and known what we need to do. The other NPCs concede, knowing that at this point they are getting in her way and she's their best chance of making it out of this alive (i.e. the concession of the Marines to Ripley in Aliens). Of course, despite our bravery and brilliance, the universe's perfect organism manages to survive and now the station is a battle ground instead of just a hunting ground.Despite this not being the totality of the game, I'm going to end the review here. I have more to play myself, but from what I experienced and felt so far, this is perfection when it comes to adapting source material.PROS* The writers were able to use the same tropes as the first two films, yet craft a story that was independent enough to not feel like a rehash (looking at you TFA).* Mechanics wise, the game never demands for me to learn a new skillset immediately, but instead gradually guides me from pure stealth to FPS elements as the story demands it seamlessly.* Lorewise, it fits canon. The thematic elements are faithfully reproduced and implemented enough to avoid just serving as nostalgic window dressing (Watchmen).CONS* The space walks near the end disrupt otherwise wonderful pacing.* The ending is very weak, setting up a sequel that might not come.* Exploring the station is almost discouraged with the dire nature of everything, especially when the aliens are active. Completionists might be annoyed.This is the quality we can only hope others come close to when creating games based on our favorite source material. In this instance, Alien: Isolation is as perfect as the xenomorph."
76561197996420578,Recommended,214490,29024619,Posted: 4 January,all,Turd Quadratic,"This is in my mind a true ""sequel"" to the old Alien franchise.From the sound design, to the 80s-esque aesthetics, fans of the series will love this.  Apart from that it is a decent horror game on it's own.  Biggest flaw for me was the backtracking, which can get annoying."
76561198001330049,Recommended,214490,33925130,Posted: 31 July,all,juzzza1,My favourite Alien frachise game as yet. Loved it
,Recommended,214490,28934767,Posted: 2 January,all,♥ V ♥,"PROS:- Great atmosphere- Good soundtrack- I feel scared most of the time!CONS:- The alien is a CAMPER! It blocks your objectives and there is nothing you can do about it.I played the game in Nightmare mode which made things MOOOORE difficult. Limited ammo and supplies, map is not working, enemies are so powerful (by powerful, it means that they'll one hit kill you), and HUDs are not displayed. I suggest you play it on Hard because Nightmare is too much in my opinion.Overall, the game is great."
76561197964823146,Recommended,214490,12943413,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,GriP,"Massive props to the devs for sneaking a spiritual successor to Thief and System Shock 2 - two of the best stealth/survival/horror games in PC history - into the Alien IP.  A couple of nods to 2001: A Space Odyssey in here too (yes devs some people do notice these things!). Does it work? Overwhelmingly YES.Play  it at night, play it with a good sound system, play it on HARD difficulty, and last but not least - play it as far away as you possibly can from any CoD fanbois in your vicinity. Note that the latter may be driven into mindless homicidal rage by sudden movements or by any whiff of human culture. Also: play it with mouse and keyboard, if you can. If you are playing on Hard difficulty like you should then you'll want the full mobility that interface provides.I'll note the one bug I experienced. At certain points in the game a sound bug would kick in (I think it accesses the audio files for the flamethrower, at an increased volume) which would interfere with the rest of the audio whenever I moved. While annoying, it fortunately only occured in a few specific sections of the game and didn't last more than a minute or two each time (but would recur on reloads in the affected sections).That minor gripe aside, it's clear that this was a game designed with rare artistic flair, and sporting some of the most advanced AI (and movement!) seen in a computer-controlled enemy to date. It should be said that the graphics are very impressive. But this is a game that excels at the things other titles tend to cut corners on and that take longer to assess: things like sound design, music, even character dialogue. The end result is loads of atmospheric, tense gameplay and a pretty decent story to boot.I expected to like this game. I DIDN'T expect to have my socks blown off by it. This is my game of 2014."
,Recommended,214490,31690819,Posted: 11 May,all,RudeManWhoShushes,"Can't say anything that hasn't been said about the game already. Some of the best DLC I have ever played, Safe Haven and Lost Contact in particular."
,Recommended,214490,33103492,Posted: 1 July,all,Arclight,"If you like anything from the Alien universe, you should 1000% grab this game.If you like anything sci-fi themed, you should 1000% grab this game.If you like anything to do with space, spookiness, and alien life-forms hunting you down, you should 1000% grab this game.If you like story-driven singleplayer games, you should 1000% grab this game.If you like story-driven singeplayer games that aren't short, you should 1000% grab this game.If you like games that scare you as much as they draw you back in to play more, you should 1000% grab this game.If you respect yourself as a gamer, you should 1000% grab this game.Not only is Alien: Isolation a game with great gameplay, it also has impeccably fantastic atmosphere, amazing level design, and a haunting musical score remiscent of the classic films. The general feel of this game really is so well implemented that it's no wonder it won Game of the Year back when it released.The story is well-written and interesting, and flows well the entire way through.The AI of the Xenomorph in this game is very smart, and very threatening. It will catch you off-guard, it will outrun you, and it will kill you (if you don't have means to repel it). And it never gets less terrifying - even after replaying the entire game twice and also playing the challenge maps over and over (which you should grab if you want more replayability).The general feeling of uneasiness in Alien: Isolation is unparalleled - even with the weapons you discover as the game progresses, you never truly feel safe (because you aren't) - there's always a sense of foreboding that lingers in your mind... Hiding under that desk, in that locker, or even in that locked-down room with your flamethrower ready - you're not going to be safe for long.You absolutely MUST wear decent headphones/headset for the proper experience - and play in a darkened room.As I write this review, at the current Summer Sale price of $9.99, the game is an absolute steal and you'd be doing yourself a huge disservice if you didn't pick it up."
,Recommended,214490,20599525,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,The Geeky Gimp,"This game is long. I agree with other reviewers that sometimes it feels like it overstays its welcome. But then something interesting happens, and the game pulls you right back in. I loved Ripley, and enjoyed playing as her; the voice acting is dynamic, which helps you connect to her character and the way the story progresses. The graphics are spot on, putting you right in the Alien universe.Alien: Isolation is tense. I felt my pulse racing throughout, but especially in the last five missions.Recommended, absolutely."
,Recommended,214490,34085545,Posted: 7 August,all,alex_crow,"If I had to give Alien: Isolation a score from 1 to 10, I'd say it deserves a 7/10. This game perfectly captures the aesthetic of Alien/Aliens. As you progress from the starting ship through the bowels of the Sevastopol station, there is the certain analog motif about all the machinery and equipment that surrounds you, from computer workstations to other set pieces such as door switches. This is especially prevalent in the first film. To go into further detail regarding the aesthetic, the feeling of isolation and claustrophobia that the first film conveyed is effectively mimicked in Alien: Isolation. Hallways are dimly lit and tight with a nice ambient lighting affect, mixed with smoke and fog.The game feels fairly well-optimized. I'm currently running the game through my GTX 1080 Ti at 4k with all settings at their maximum. I also edited the game's config file to allow for a greater resolution for shadow mapping (setting the value to 4096). I keep the game locked to 60fps with VSYNC, and I haven't seen a single frame drop. Before upgrading to the GTX 1080 Ti, I ran the game through my GTX 970 in 1080p with all settings maxed out, also enabling VSYNC. There were no frame drops then either. The graphics look great, and along with things like ambient lighting, the film-grain setting really helps with the film-like aesthetic I mentioned earlier.Now I'd like to touch on some of the things I didn't like so much about Alien: Isolation. Though the environment certainly captures the aesthetic of the movies, I feel the game was so long that the environments began to feel recycled and repetitive (save a few key areas). In the later chapters of the game, I wanted to begin back-tracking to gather things like ID tags for achievements' sake. Some of these things take what feels like way too much traveling to get to, and to make matters worse, some areas cannot be traveled back to (such as the beginning of Sevastopol). You can go back through by selecting the particular mission the area is included in, so I guess it's not that big of a deal, but still.Secondly, the Alien gets old after a while. Encountering the Alien is definitely an interesting challenge at first (as it should be - it's the key set piece of the game). However, over time, when you're just wanting to explore the station and look for things like ID tags, it's still there, always lurking. Always having to avoid it and deal with it just gets old after a while. I think this feeds into what I mentioned earlier about the game feeling too long. Along with its ever-presence, the Alien's AI seems to become increasingly buggy as you get closer to the end of the game. Sometimes it'll spring on top of you from a vent without any indication that it's nearby (no drool flowing from the overhead vent or hissing-sounds). There were several instances where the Alien was facing the other direction and I was moving very stealthily, and it still made a bee-line to me. I could repeat these frustrations regarding the Working Joes, as they demonstrate this type of behavior too.Lastly, the ending is pure, hot, unadulterated crap. It made me question if it was worth playing the game for such a crappy ending. Though I would now answer ""yes"" to that question, I was still very let down by the ending. The game feels insanely rushed at the end. It's obvious that the team ran out of time/budget, and just had to ship it out the door, which is a shame.In spite of the negatives, I think the game still offers a lot of redeeming content. The atmosphere and aesthetic is spot on, and the story is compelling (until the end). Despite its flaws, I enjoyed the game, and would recommend it to others with a score of 7."
,Recommended,214490,34222184,Posted: 13 August,all,zΘlthi,"I'm a huge Alien fan so just I had to play this one. Overall, loved it. Outstanding art design. I truly felt as if “playing” a classic Alien movie. The locations, the graphics, the sound design, the atmosphere – brilliant. I loved the hacking and crafting systems here. They make you feel as if you’re on a 70s/80s time-capsule-space-station with retro technology and retro everyday items. Great approach, much love went into this game.The game actually makes you feel “isolated”. You’re using stealth most of the time, you never know who’ll turn out hostile so you just avoid people. Shooting your way out of every situation isn’t an option so you’ll need to improvise. You’re scavenging for resources, crafting DIY weapons, avoiding the Xenomorph, hiding in lockers holding your breath – all these little things contribute to the atmosphere, the feeling of loneliness.The story is really solid plus there are many references to the first two movies. Again - much love went into the game. However, it could have been a bit shorter for my taste... or at least there should have been less backtracking – that’s my first complaint. The second thing is the ending, obviously teasing a sequel but I just expected something more conclusive, more satisfying.All in all, a must-play for any Alien fan and I’d recommend it to any fan of horror-survival/stealth-dominated games."
76561198097993545,Recommended,214490,20199110,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,KayTwoKay,"9.5/10Alien isolation is by far one of the best games i have ever played.Im not really a fan of its genre cause alot of games in horror kind off suck lately but this game was so good.The game runs really well i never had any issues on my pretty average pc compared to other games that i have played that have serious frame rate drops at random points, this game had none of that.I really like they the graphics and textures, it made me feel i was in a place that was falling apart.One thing that wasn't great was the lip animation when people were talking like ricardo who was having a breakdown physically while talking calmly with his lips not matching what he was saying.The gameplay was very fun and fair there was no weapon overpowered cause ammo is scarce. The alien gave me some serious scares that i didn't really expect which i really liked and the atmosphere was incredible that makes the game so tense and keeps you on edge no matter how relaxed or laid back you are.The alien though did sometimes act really annoying like he'd go up into a vent, come out of the vent and go back in the vent in the space of 15-20 seconds which was annoying thinking you could come out of your locker just to find he's still lurking.The storyline was one of the best parts for me cause there's no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t happy ever after ending where characters were immune to death cause they were likable.The places you go and the development of the story was so good just finding out all the reasons for whats happening aboard the ship.The best thing about the story was that the story itself was good and long (at least 18 hours of gameplay just story) compared to other games i have played where i would be just ♥♥♥♥ing about just to keep the game going that bit longer.I hardly ever write reviews but i felt the developers did such a good job it deserves every bit of praise it can get.A MUST HAVE and By far one of the most enjoyable games i have ever played."
,Recommended,214490,20048092,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Corey I,"Alien: Isolation is one of my most favorite Games. First of all I am a huge Fan of the Alien franchise.That being said, I think this game is one of the best the horror genre had to offer in recent years, and this is not because it is an Alien game.The beauty of this game lies in the horror that you feel as you try to survive. The game is well paced, and parts of high intensity and stress are followed by parts were there is nothing ... or is there? Sometimes it takes a while before you come across the next threat, but you never really know when it will happen. This suspense is a key element of the games atmosphere.Also the AI of the Alien helps to make it believable that it is in fact looking for you. Not the most comfortable thought to be honest. This feeling ist underlined by the fact that you are not at the top of the food chain, and even as you progress through the game, you don't get there.For me this is an important point, because there often is a point in a horror game when you reach this top spot of the food chain and it kills the horror aspect. You stop being afraid, and you take the role of the hunter. There may be stress left but no horror (if this makes any sense to you).When comparing the game to the movie installments of Alien, I think it best compares to the first, and third part. If you expect something like the second movie for instance you will be disapointed. There are weapons but you won't run through corridors with your pulse rifle or a smart gun ... ever.However you will have moments were you think you are safe, but the Alien gets you. When this happens you most likely became to uncautious (and I for my part usually need a minute or two to gather myself, before resuming to play).If you like true horror as a genreand you and your cardiovascular system can handle the feeling of desperation while fighting for ""your"" life,buy this game."
,Recommended,214490,12458646,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rocket Puppy,"Slow paced game oozing with atmoshpere and nails the late 1970's early 1980's Sci-Fi aesthetic. Taking some inspiration from Amnesia: The Dark Decent and Outlast featuring a protagonist that is pretty much helpless against the primary threat, unlike the formerly mentioned games Alien Isolation does not rely on or use ""jump scares.""The game is frightening, but it is a slow creeping dreadfull fear, the constant anxiety of knowing you could die horribly any moment.It looks beautiful with the most effective lighting I've seen in a game, things are often dark but the game uses proper gamma levels preventing it from becoming the pitch black frustration many other games in the genre become at times.Sound is equally impressive, and your ears will be put to good use and save your life more often than your eyes.Occulus Rift Support: Easily works with some .ini editing.3D Vision Support: Broken in standard 3D Visions mode. Works very well in Compatibility mode (but won't have a whole lot of depth)."
,Recommended,214490,12398917,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Cpl Strawdog,"Worth every red cent! I appreciate the tired reviewers slaving 20 hours out of a game that gives them little option but to hide / distract and be godamned stealthy for a change but I actually am loving the entirety of Alien: Isolation.What I feel a lot of reviews have missed is the simple fact that yes you're hopelessly under powered and as a non heavily armed and highly trained combat veteran character Amanda Ripley is believable and endearing.If I wanted another Aliens: Colonial Marines I'd have pandered to Gearbox or EA or another company with too much invested in other IP's to devote enough credible attention to something like this. Alien : Isolation is just outright pretty with nice rich environments and highly detailed characters and that wonderfully intense score I'm smitten, die a thousand times and struggle to accept that I'm being often hunted by something that tracks you by your goddamned phereomones, has acid for blood, a tough as hell chitinous exterior and can survive in SPACE... but I'll still love it."
,Recommended,214490,34468005,Posted: 24 August,all,Suriel,Fantastic story with the right touch of fear! Must have game!
,Recommended,214490,29669995,Posted: 3 February,all,ｌｏｌａ,This is probably the most impressive single player game I have ever played. Highly recommended to anyone who likes science fiction and/or horror.
,Recommended,214490,34038185,Posted: 5 August,all,paok2444,"A bit bored to write a whole review right now but i have played AI for more than 200 hours you know, not via steam ;) and only bought it to support the developers for the masterpiece they made. there are already lots of reviews here so go take a look but i tell you, this is a masterpiece, a must play!"
,Recommended,214490,13422384,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Djackz,"Download the Unpredictable Alien mod it removes the ""leash"" the alien has on ripley and improves the A.Ihttp://www.moddb.com/mods/unpredictable-alien-mod/downloads/unpredictable-alienThey did so well with the graphics and ambient sounds and lighting you really feel your there. As for the A/I of the Xenomorph I feel they could have done a little bit better... and story mode was really fun and kept reminding me of the original alien movie.Heres some gameplay footage of me playing on the Nightmare difficulty on the DLC Crew expendable.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icP4UqoN-MoGraphics - 10sounds - 10Storymode -  8A.I -  8"
,Recommended,214490,32389006,Posted: 13 June,all,Wingardium,"TL;DR - There are two kinds of people in the world. Those who think Alien is better and those who think Aliens (the one with the marines) is beter. If you prefer the paranoid survival can't trust anyone Alien movie, I have three words for you: buy. this. game.The Alien series has a rich history of being passed around from director to director, each putting a completely different spin on the series. The people that made this game painstakingly recreated the setting and emotion of the original Alien movie with some of the spectacle (read explosions) from it's first sequel. I have never played a game so lovingly crafted to honor the movie it came from. The sounds, rooms, lights, characters, all gave me major nerdbumps.The gameplay is almost flawless in that it makes you feel helpless and that you are narrowly surviving. Hiding under tables, in lockers, avoiding hazards, crafting makeshift devices, metering out when I can sneak, walk, or run, and the abject paranoia of the game was just amazing. But this is NOT a FPS kill fest. Nor is it a stealthy assassin game. And while it has a crafting element, it isn't really what we refer to today as a ""survival game"" where you have to build shelter and look for food. It's really an ""escape while being hunted"" game. The game doesn't let you even consider killing every obsticle in your way, and given the incredibly limited resources, you will be lucky to escape. The best way I can describe the gameplay is, imagine a more traditional first person RPG game like Skyrim, but you want to do a ""no kill"" playthrough using stealth and distractions.The story also doesn't dissapoint. It's raw, emotional, heroic, and terrifying. That being said, if you are a fan of the movies and you know your Weyland-Yutanis from your Xenomorphs, it doesn't hold many ""surprises"".As much as I am gushing, I do have three minor negative things to say about the game:First, the difficulty curve is a bit off. If you are comfortable with stealth and you can be sneaky, you may wonder why all the devices and environmental tricks are even there. Until you get to THE HALLWAY OF FIRE AND DEATH. You'll know it when you get there. It hits you like a ton of bricks in the face. Suddenly after playing the game for like 12 hours, I'm finally using every single trick in the game to just progress. It's long, brutal, noisy, and the frequent save points evaporate and there's nothing you can do but scrape and claw your way to the end. I got frustrated, angry, and the game became unfun. But when I got past it it did feel great. I just wish the game had a difficulty curve where that didn't happen.Second, many have commented that the game just keeps moving the goalposts of success back and back. And I think this was really just from people who aren't really fans of the movies. Especially in Aliens, the idea that they COULD win just kept changing and getting harder. Over and over I felt like I was so close to the end before the game just punches you in the stomach and laughs at you. Now, that being said, I enjoyed this aspect. But... I can see how some might say MAYBE it happened 1 or 2 too many times. This also caused me to stay up till 4AM on a weekday cause I kept thinking I was almost done. I haven't done that since I was in high school lol!Third, I didn't really approve of the ending. The ending isn't really what the game is about, it's about the journey of survival. If I had to change something about the game, this would be it. The game sort of struggles with the cut scenes looking worse than the in game engine in many ways, so I can understand why the ending isn't a long epic cut scene that ties everything together, but this just felt kinda... lazy.Anyway, 9/10, would play again."
,Recommended,214490,16427264,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Platypus Jensen (Dizzystorm),Got further than my friend while I was on hard difficulty and he was on easy.10/10 would be better than my friend at a game again.
76561198138237253,Recommended,214490,32460099,Posted: 15 June,all,Tomato77,The best horror game in the series Alien
,Recommended,214490,17873333,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,K!netic,"I'm a wimp when it comes to horror games, so I put this one off a long time. What I've found is that it's not actually a horror game. It's a tense, sometimes creepy stealth game.And it's a great stealth game. In most circumstances, you need to traverse the world and get to some other point, and enemies prevent direct travel. You distract, blind, wound, or sneak your way around them in the usual fashions. That makes it sound bland, but the level design is exquisite; you move up/down staircases, ladders, vents, and hallways. You hide behind the smallest cover, peeking and desperately checking your motion detector to see what's going on. At many points you feel suffocated, as if there's nowhere safe to go. But the game has lots of ways to make it work - you just have to keep alert. It feels a lot like Sir, You Are Being Hunted (a weird comparison, I know) because of the feeling of constantly being hunted and hedged in. Sometimes you have to sprint away, in full view of an enemy, just to dive into safety and scramble to safety.But let's talk about the alien. People say it's ""heavily scripted"", but it's really not. It's largely unpredictable, you really don't know when it's going to pop out. There are things which make it more _likely_ to pop out, but they're non-deterministic. It sometimes scrapes its way out of the ceiling when you're not even doing anything. That adds to the sense that you're not at all in control of the game, and you're really surviving, making you paranoid and constantly looking for exits and hiding spots.And is ♥♥♥♥ingbeautiful. I've never been a fan of '70s aesthetic, but this game absolutely elevates it. Old clicking analog computers, wavering CRT screens embedded in every wall, beige and cream white lounges, soft yellow lighting, all surrounded by oddly dirty (but never filthy) floors and girders. It's hands-down the most beautiful game I've ever seen, and I'd recommend buying it just to experience the art. The screenshots (for once) don't do it justice.The downsides is, as everyone else has mentioned, the sheer length of the game. I played seven hours (at time of writing), and felt as if I'd pretty much seen everything there was to see. It didn't feel like i was really making any progress, or being given a reason to continue. The story presented itself in obvious terms almost immediately, so there was no mystery to solve. I felt no attachment to characters, so I didn't really care when they were in danger. And everything else boiled down to ""we need to flip switches in different parts of the world in order to survive"", which is as fine a goal as any, but doesn't inherently make me want to play.But really, if you've ever enjoyed stealth games, you must play this. It's not perfect, but it's sure great."
76561197960281570,Recommended,214490,20489800,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"Figured I would review this game because I being easily scared do not know if I will ever finish Alien: Isolation. Trust me, I would love to finish this game just because I purchased it and should get my money’s worth, but hiding in a locker afraid to come out does not really facilitate this. All my own failings’ aside, this game is fantastic, it is gorgeous with a style that leans more towards the original Aliens movie, then any of the sequels. The moment I stepped foot on the space station I was instantly like “OH CRAP” because the music and surroundings convey the message, “Get out now it’s really bad in here.” In fact, though you do not even encounter the alien (even a bit)  during the initial portion of the game and I was still freaked out.Other reviews like to mention that this game can be punishingly difficult at times, and I have to agree. The aliens sometimes will just keep patrolling in circles never really giving you a chance to duck out and continue on your mission, and when it does disappear into a vent it’s trolling you just to come right back out.So the verdict, fantastic game that captures the spirit of the original film perfectly while really letting the horror of the situation sink into the player. Even if you aren’t a fan of the Aliens franchise you can probably enjoy this game, however if you have been hesitating on whether or not to buy this game I suggest picking it up when/if it goes on sale. Either for the asking price or on sale Alien: Isolation is a good purchase (even for someone to scared to leave a locker)."
76561197976091020,Recommended,214490,15395569,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Nathan,"I´m happy I bought & played Alien Isolation because this is truly a great survival horror game, not only something which manages to recreate Alien and stay authentic to the source material to an almost insane degree, that they even bothered with limiting themselves with props available during the late 70s for when modelling the environments, converting videos to VHS so that they could create the distortion effect and then converting it back, managing to convince the actors from Alien to come back and do some fan service in recording some audio for logs in the main missions and reimagining a few scenes from the original Alien for a few DLCs.It has the ambience, the atmosphere, the mood, the music the tension, the quirks and even character flaws of the original Alien, with only very little character development which can be, if we are being generous, subtle at best.For instance, Amanda Ripley is seen by some, like Yahtzee, to be a very forgetful character, mainly reacting to things happening. This is to a large part true, but this is true even of Ellen Ripley in the movie.When I generously look at scenes from Alien Isolation, I can appreciate the subtle ways Amanda deals with some situations,like when she first runs into Axel, as she is thinking about how to not escalate the tension and try to reason with a person she isn´t sure can even be reasoned with. Or the scene where she tries to get Ricardo to focus on getting back to figuring out how to get them out of there, as he is scared and frozen after what happened to with the androids, a scene reminiscent of Ellen getting Hudson in Aliens to focus and get back to finding out ways to seal the aliens off from getting to them.These are small examples of the different ways you are reminded of how Amanda is related to Ellen, and they can be appreciated, but it is understandable that some demand more character development, though I am happy that most people still behaved semi rationally or reasonably panicked on Sevastopol station, horror movies aren´t exactly known for their likeable cannon fodder you can relate to and think to yourself that you might have done the same thing in their situations - Alien being one of the rare exceptions, so again it recreates that sense of the people still trying their best and even having some good plans, but still failing infront of the unstoppable alien terror.These are the ways I liked the plot, the creators obviously tried to hit many of the themes from the movie, with some spacewalks, some explorations which made sense in the plot but still was clearly put in because of how much the devs wanted to have as much from Alien as possible, and as an alien fan I did appreciate the game just taking the movie and expanding upon it.Also liked that the Working Joes Androids were creepy cheap knock-offs from WY, but also that it had a good android almost like Bishop, breaking the familiar stereotype of all human technology being black-or-white evil to the core.The weakest part is the ending. It is a cliffhanger with a QTE event. QTEs are practically nonexistent in the game. Now it is clear from all the passion put in, the attention to detail, the lovingly crafted atmopshere and effort behind the execution, that the devs in Creative Assembly are fans, and they wanted to set out to make the alien game they always felt the movies deserved, and they had the core ideas, the resources and they knew how to set up the game, but I get the sense that it didn´t occur to them that one day, their passion would come to an end, that they would need to wrap things up, it seems like they were so immersed in creating the game that when it came time to have the story arc discussed and get some of that closure, either they didn´t know how to address it, or they were reluctant to contemplate the prospect of closing it.Enough about the story.Gameplay is very reliant on the atmosphere, on multiple factors coming together, not one gimmick, though arguably if someone wanted to suggest the game having a gimmick it would be the AI, but I don´t think that argument works, since the AI also works alongside the other elements, the dynamic sound system, the lighting, and the vulnerability of the player versus the unstoppable alien, the ingredients create the scenes when they all come together.I was unsure if I´d like a game where I cannot kill the alien, where I am vulnerable and need to rely on hiding and hoping the alien doesn´t see me, or else dying on the spot. But I do like it, it makes sense, the tension is fun and for the most part the encounters with the alien work with a logic; the alien has senses, it listens and looks around, and the player needs to be aware about their own noise levels and line-of-sight, this makes it easier to accept when you´ve been sloppy and the alien gets a scent of you and kills you, as you can look back and understand what went wrong, less arbitrary videogame logic and more grounded rules the system works with. And doing something right also felt more rewarding, I didn´t feel like I gained the system, or found any loopholes in the AI pathing system to exploit, but the reasoning and work inside the laws the game operates within payed off.The game does have some bugs, I fortunately avoided many, but I did run into some afterimages of tools and weapons floating in midair, fixed by switching back-and-forth to them, and the Alien sometimes did get stuck in vents, though I ""fixed"" it by poking the alien, promptly dying for displaying my concern for the ungrateful git.You have tools available, and they do serve some purpose, even at either distracting hostiles or killing them, though the alien you can at best fend off for a moment. Direct contact with hostiles is discouraged.The Alien AI is something I´ve been fascinated by, it can be quite unpredictable at times, have freedoms of movement and choices in where to go and what to do, and the devs knew that to evoke the unknown terror of the Alien as seen in the original movie, it needed to have some degrees of unpredictability and emergent behaviour. So it hunts, stalks, or goes away, and shows up, sometimes at surprising moments.There´s some modding going onandI´ve been looking into making the Alien a bit more unpredictable.Graphically the game looks gorgeous. It runs on my laptop, an intel core i7-4710HQ 2.5GHz, 12GB RAM, Nvidia GT840M 2GB Windows 8.1, with settings at a mosaic of ultra and off settings (motion blur, depth of field and chromatic aberration I can do without in games) on an acceptable resolution of 1280x720 at 60fps for 80~% of the time. Had no problems so feels like a good port (especially since it allowed me to tailor what options to enable). The lighting, the sound, the environments, all are made with such care for the source material, that you will feel like you are walking along sets of the original movie, heck, buy the Crew Expendable DLC and you do get to walk around the Nostromo.The Alien is magnificent, its movements, behaviour, the way it looks, all worthy of such an iconic creature by H.R. Giger.This is a game true to the movies, and true to one of the best of films in horror scifi."
76561198029838958,Recommended,214490,12742546,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,cannikin73,"As a long-time fan of the original film, I can't get enough of this game. Very well done. The lighting and atmospherics are the best I've ever seen in any game.  The Nostromo-based DLCs were a real treat as well.This game took a universe I've loved for years and let me experience it (virtually) first-hand, complete with all the fear and suspense!I have very few nitpicks, aside from hoping for improved anti-aliasing in future releases. I personally experienced no bugs or crashes on my PC.I hope there will be a sequel!"
,Recommended,214490,12397957,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fuzzy,"All I can really say is wow! The suspense is great! The immersion factor is immense, I was so immersed in the game that when my cat jumped on the back of my chair I screamed and thought an alien was trying to get me!Very well executed so far. The game is not very fast paced which I really love, I hate spending good money on a game just to beat the entire thing in one sitting and never touch it again, and while it starts out slow it does build up and then the suspense really starts taking over.Very well done guys, very well done!"
76561198034127342,Recommended,214490,22457517,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lephalstus,Please make another?   Pretty please?
76561198075030645,Recommended,214490,13540819,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Christmas Incarnate,"The best alien game to date, and absolutely terrifying. One of my favorite games of all time"
76561198093524906,Recommended,214490,29997702,Posted: 17 February,all,Gunny,"Alien Isolation should not be played if you have a bad heart,  it is very intence and will last several days ... The music along has your heart racing then all the noise all around you then it kicks into high gear when the robot joes grab you .... by the foot just when you thought the bot was dead it will susprise you all in fun until the hunt begines when you think one alien is bad wait until there is two or more all around you and you are being as quiet as a mouse it is the best game i have ever played and i do have over 120 games in all . PS: If they make another game please keep it in the same  class so far it is in a class all by it self ...Avery fine piece of SciFi thanks for the fun. ( JAS.)"
76561197977031335,Recommended,214490,14721069,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Wezilla,"Excellent Horror, Survival, Sci-fi, Atmospheric, the graphics is awesome, in the early it was stress scary but in much later it was memorial game, It must for Alien fans."
,Recommended,214490,12577724,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Macehues,"This game delivers when it comes to Graphics, storyline, and jump scares. This game for me is one of my faves simply because it's based off of the original Alien movies. Who wouldn't want to see a movie following the story of Ellen Ripleys Daughter! but this isn't a movie, it's a game...A game I have come to enjoy every moment I can. I fully recommend this game to all who can purchase! Thus far the game is brilliantly done and is Overwhelmingly  addictive."
,Recommended,214490,12419401,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sgt. Phoenix,"I will say this is a very good Alien game.....Pros:+ Good Story+ Good music+ Good Sound+ good AI+ Some jump scare momentsCons:????____________________Note:* There are some few weird bugs in the game like:- Floating guns- Aliens head is noclip trough the cabinets/ hiding places- Alien can sometimes just walk pass you and dont give a S***th that you alomst standing in front of it- Some audio are having some delays- a scene can play dubble and you hear the same sound twice F.eks. there the doctor getting murdered by the Alien...enough about the bugs that are in the game........so i would give this game a 9.5/10I have maybe giving it a 10/10 if the game had ""Make your own custom story campaign"" and maybe a multiplayer mode there 1 player is the Alien and he/she is hunting after  5-20 other people that are playing as a Human and they must try to survive as long as possible or escape from the station or something like that + have map editor there people can make their own custom multiplayer maps....."
76561198072336177,Recommended,214490,17141603,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BLVCK MASSK,"I'm currently playing it and was thinking to myself ""well they said this game was hard but it's not that hard until now"", then I reached the seventh mission or so and I spent almost an hour to get past a single objective. Then I went to bed and I actually dreamed about that alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lurking in every corner I wentThis game is beautiful"
,Recommended,214490,12563060,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,All Too Easy,"This game is one you must purchase! Being a fan of horror games I loved this game alot. From its dread to its environment it impresses very much.The game starts off a bit slow and it takes a while before you actually get to see or avoid the Alien but the game keeps you well occupied on the ride there.My only issue I had playing the game was that whenever I threw an object or item it had a very strange arc and was not very accurate whenever thrown, causing me to be either attacked or spotted. Not really a big issue more of a warning to those wanting to buy the game; aim your throws carefully."
76561197970397220,Recommended,214490,12953717,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[Dortmund]Peitz,"As simple as it may sound...best Alien game ever.....wasn't allowed to play on without my girlfriend.....and she is a video game diva....just buy this intense atmospheric masterpiece!  ( I wasn't even that big of an Alien fan, but this design and gameplay just gets to you)"
,Recommended,214490,15170171,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Venterivia,Pros :+ This game teach you to always remember to take a break for playing gameNeutral := You'll be a cat lover (If you know what I mean)Cons :- God... Why did I buy this game...The game works fine even with my mid-end rig.
76561198021389510,Recommended,214490,14332360,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TheMadHakr,"Ok, so this is my official review on one of the Greatest Alien saga games to date!First, do NOT expect a run & gun shooter on this one, you are setting yourself up for premeditated failure. So, what to expect in this game is some HARDCORE stealth and fast thinking! If you don't like a challenge and/or hate the Alien series, MOVE ON NOOB!!!However, I will recommend this game to almost anyone. If you like the Alien series, you are in for a REAL treat! I will not spoil what you will find in the game, but I will say that the Alien is increadibly smart!!!! It will learn your movements, it does not run on a set path, and it WILL FIND YOU!!!! Your adrenaline will be running so hard that when you go to enter the code into a door, you will quite often enter it wrong because of pure fear. That's just how very well this game is made! The graphics & effects are BEAUTIFUL!!! Even on lower graphics cards, you will not be disappointed. It's very well refined and even follows the Alien move deleted scenes that I had long forgotten. So worth the time and SO worth the money. NO REGRETS HERE!!!!! Curious? Try it and see for yourself! Also, if you scare easy, keep some toilet paper handy. ;)"
,Recommended,214490,17061140,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Rudolf Von Goldenbaum,"Superb game, impressive graphics, atmosphere and details recreated perfectly, with engaging gameplay and very good story.The Season pass is not worth it though, it is just a bunch of survival mode maps  that get old really fast, and the mechanics that worked well in the main game, are a hindrance to that mode, since you have a time competition with time limited objectives that are gamey elements that break the immersion. The fact that the alien always knows your general location doesnt help, that works in the main game, but not in this mode.I finished the game with a great aftertaste, absolutely loved it, and yet, when I got to play the survivor mode, I barely completed 2 maps before uninstalling, it really is not fun and the game should have just stayed as a story driven one.The other two DLC, last survivor and crew expendable are OK, though they are very short, so get them on a cheap sale, but DON'T get the season pass."
76561198118313458,Recommended,214490,15065180,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,TheKlitKommander,"This game is worth the full price of admission, let alone that its 75% off now!"
76561198042241964,Recommended,214490,17385238,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Inferno,EDIT: So Photobucket (where my review is) is currently busted and the zoom function doesn't work properly. Sorry 'bout that. I'll remove this edit once that has been reconciled.
,Recommended,214490,15217851,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Darakin,Hide and seek simulator 2014.   10/10
,Recommended,214490,29848766,Posted: 11 February,all,TPM605,Best horror game I've played in years. Best game of 2014 100/10
76561198093047851,Recommended,214490,17032699,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Salty Meme Wizard,"Alien: Isolation. Where do I even start? This game is hands-down a wonderful experience. The pros are great but the cons are plentiful, so I suppose I'll just hop right in.Pros:-This game is horrifying right off the bat.-This game pays a lot of homage to the original movies (e.g. the futuristic 80's experience)-The setting is very movie-accurate-Lots of in-game mechanics are very unique and I've never seen before.-Lighting was gorgeous-The music/sounds are wonderful and really enhance gameplay-This game made me shriek multiple times-You're always terrified of the AlienCons:-This game is based in two parts: before flamethrower and after flamethrower-You're only terrified of the Alien until you get the flamethrower to make it go back from whence it came, quickly turning this game from a survival horror to an FPS-(at least for me) the lip sync was terrible in cutscenes.-Too many times the game pulls the classic ""You're safe now- OH WAIT! No you're not!""-The Alien turns from being the main antagonist to just a general nuisance half way through the game-Most of the characters I didn't care about at all-Plot points were very predictable-Ending was very, very weak.-Ripley never asked the all-important question: ""Why the hell am I doing everything alone??""It does seem that the cons outweigh the pros by a land slide, but after it's all said and done, I'm very happy that I played this game. I did enjoy playing it, I highly recommend it, but I don't think it was worth all the hype. My advice is to wait for this game to go on sale, it was most definitely worth the $12.50 I paid, but I can't imagine it's worth $50."
76561197981106688,Recommended,214490,13195345,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Drunken Farmer ~deer~,"How to begin with Alien Isolation? To start with this is a survival horror game to say in the most definitive terms. Essentially the whole station is full of angry redneck personel on the deck alongside a hungry hungry alien who picks everyone off. As much as I wanted to enjoy this the interface was clunky. Aquiring blueprints to craft items is an ok idea but I would of prefer a lot more usable items since you are quite literly running and hiding for your life.Atmosphere really is captured, 10/10 and the use of old cassettes, rewiring ect is great. Even the intro of the 20th century was a nice touch though I really really really can not stand not being able to escape those publisher advertisng at the start of the game. I really hated the game for this and any game for that matter.One of my biggest drawbacks was also item usage, the amount of guiding to open latch A, turn to unlock B drove me insane. I also have disputes over the actual personal considering the amount of firepower on the station agaist a single alien, it surpises me that that massive space station is in such chaos when they could of easily taken down 1 alien.Suprisingly after Rome Total War 2 being an utter disaster and the large feedback of Aliens colonel Marines being one of the biggest public shams with its falsified demo I had little hope for this game. I am going to recommend this one just for those who enjoyed the game FEAR. I would not recommend those who enjoyed thief 1-3 , Dishonored, Deadspace simply due to the nature of combat and violece in comparison.I also would not recommend this game to those who wanted something like the film Aliens (2nd film) who want to shoot a lot of stuff up with trained marines, hopefully they can build something from this but I dont give my hopes up."
,Recommended,214490,33116364,Posted: 1 July,all,SandmanTX,Amazing game! Enjoyed it enough to play it twice to 100% the game! Great tension through the entire game.
76561197970740493,Recommended,214490,29216962,Posted: 12 January,all,Red Cooter,"My review is based on my experience playing through the game on the “hard” difficulty setting. Alien Isolation is mainly a stealth game, with a little bit of shooting. The game looks and feels very much like the first alien film.The one alien you encounter throughout Alien Isolation is by far the most dangerous in any Alien game to date. You can't outrun the alien and its attacks will kill you in one hit, so trying to run away from the alien is a terrible strategy. Moving slowly and staying out of the alien's sight are the keys to survival. That being said, trying to sneak past the alien is still a great challenge, due to the alien having excellent AI. The alien is very responsive to the sounds you make, so it's important to be as quiet as possible. The alien also doesn't have any preset search patterns, so you constantly have to pay attention to the direction the alien is moving in. The alien can also follow you from the vents above and pop out at any time. These mechanics fill the game with suspense and provide plenty of unscripted jump scares.I must mention that the alien cannot be killed. This does break logic, as the xenomorph are very much killable in the Alien movies. However, this mechanic makes sense in Alien Isolation because having the ability to kill the lone xenomorph would pretty much kill the entire game. You can at least temporarily scare the alien away with a molotov cocktail or a burst of fire from the flamethrower, but other than that, you'll have to use stealth when you encounter it. If you don't have fire to fend off the alien, then it's almost a guarantee you'll die when the alien spots you.During the game, you'll also encounter hostile humans and androids. You can kill both of these types of enemies, with the humans being the easier to kill of the two. You can even lure the alien towards other humans, which of course saves you ammo and confrontation. Humans and androids tend to be encountered in groups, so stealth is still the preferred strategy against them. The androids can also be frightening because they take a fair amount of hits to kill and they can pop out unexpectedly.My biggest gripe with the game is that molotovs and the flamethrower are the only effective means of fending off the alien, despite the game providing you with a variety of weaponry. It would have been nice if you could fend off the alien with several shots from the revolver, a well placed shotgun blast, or a direct hit from a pipebomb explosion. Ammunition and resources are already scarce enough that it wouldn't take too much away from the game's difficulty. I also would have liked to have the option of turning down the volume on the motion tracker because the loud beeps on it attract the alien, which really hinder the motion tracker's usefulness. I should also mention that I did experience some minor glitches throughout the game.During my playthrough, I died a fair amount of times, but this wasn't a bad thing because I played on the “hard” difficulty and expected to die. Alien Isolation doesn't hold your hand like most video games nowadays. If your first play through on Alien Isolation is on a harder difficulty, then you will likely die several times, especially if you don't use stealth. It took me about 25 hours to complete the main campaign on my first play through. I also got an extra hour out of the dlc campaigns, which are set during some scenes of the first Alien movie. There are even more hours to be spent on the survivor mode, which provides time trial challenges.Alien Isolation is currently the best game in the Alien franchise and is a great game as a whole. It just goes to show that an Alien game can be good, if it's left in the hands of the right developer. I give Alien Isolation a 9/10."
,Recommended,214490,13363480,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Claw,Buy it now!all i need to say really
76561198005128610,Recommended,214490,28111760,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,the Winter Warlock,"Rating 9/10Let me start off by saying, I didn't expect this kind of gameplay. For anyone who is looking to play like Colonial Marines, this game is not like that. Though you do have limited and few weapons and ammo.The graphics are absolutely stellar! The music soundtrack is totally amazing, the guy should win an award. The gameplay relies on more stealth and hiding rather than in your face action as you will find out, doing so will only mean your death.The alien is not predictable, so when you are hiding and you think he's gone, he can come back like 5 seconds later with you just running back to you hiding spot. So this keeps you on your toes a bit. So don't try to see if there is some kind of pattern, there isn't one.Now the only downfall really is the redundancy of the game. That is until you start hitting Chapter 13 and on, THEN the game gets really intense and intersting. In the beginning you do encounter some humans, but it's mainly the working joes and the alien. But if you can get past the redundancy part a bit, you will enjoy the game more. You will get scared, you will feel anxious, ESPECIALLY when you can't save when you want. You have to go to SAVE TERMINALS. Which increases the fear factor as well. Can you make it from one save point to the next, is what you will be thinking also.Aside from that, it's rare you can have a good stealth playing game and have some fun."
76561198040928297,Recommended,214490,12863155,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,tyche,"A very lovely game, a brilliant horror game that makes you always feel on edge. It has an amazing story as well as gameplay"
,Recommended,214490,29835088,Posted: 10 February,all,Capnjeego,Tells the great story of Alan the alien and his hijinks on an old space station. but trouble begins when alan realises he is a ♥♥♥♥ing spooky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who no one likes.
76561198122216315,Recommended,214490,33144401,Posted: 2 July,all,Archangel,good scary game. graphics pretty good.
76561197975297552,Recommended,214490,12728408,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,FISTSofChowMein,I would never have purchased this game if the ever intrepid internet hadn't hacked Oculus DK2 functionality. But that made it SOOOO worth it. It is now a drinking game in my house to play this with while wasted and wearing the headset.
,Recommended,214490,13242668,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Cybercacoarchubus,Only play this game at night with all of the lights off... and be sure to keep a change of pants close by.
,Recommended,214490,15762846,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lachra,"The game has a few flaws here or there... But they are not really relevant enough to go over.I have around 45-50 hours of actual play time. (55 hours on Steam, but some of that was pause, and just title screen AFK)Overall it is a great game, highly recommended to any First Person Perspective gamer fans, any Alien gamer fans, and/or any Horro game fans.  One of the best games set in the Alien Universe period. I never played Colonial Marines, but I heard it was pretty bad.The atmosphere was well done, the sound was great (especially in a nice set of headphones)The art style, and music really added to the mood and lore of the franchise as a whole.The graphics are nice, and the game ran smooth..The gameplay was fun.  Intriguing, even some moments that scare/shock.They did a great job with the Alien itself.The progression, and equipment unlocks were fun enough to keep you wanting to actually search for more.This stealth/hide cat and mouse game was done great in and of itself. But when you also have a game that does that, and does a great job with a well known franchise. Then you get something like Alien Isolation which was a great single player experience.It is not a short game at all. It also has some DLC. (I only played the Last Survivor DLC. It was fun, about 30-40 minutes, but I didn't take my time in it like most of the main campaign) The main campaign was about 1.5 times longer than I expected it to be. I would of been happy if it ended a couple hours sooner. So many games now, and I have less time to enjoy them all.I recommend playing it on Hard.Play it in the dark, and loud. (in headphones if you have to)Great refreshing gaming experience. Looking forward to more, especially once VR, or AR starts to get a stable foothold in gaming."
76561198151789756,Recommended,214490,30032817,Posted: 19 February,all,Evader,"My first game of this kind. I really hate games with zombies and dead guys chasing you, not my taste, this one on the other hand is a masterpiece.- Awesome graphics that even my non-gaming notebook can handle in max-quality.- Terrifying music that makes it impossible even for the hardest mf out there not to♥♥♥♥♥♥his pants a little.- Great story.Get it when on sale, best value for your money."
76561197983241416,Recommended,214490,25875131,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Goodtime Goodboy,A good spooky time.
,Recommended,214490,33958498,Posted: 1 August,all,Francis X. Clampazzo,Laundry Simulator 2014 Edition.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants in fear again
,Recommended,214490,27262383,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Atrocitus,"The Best Horror Game I have played.Game gives you puzzles under pressure.Some of them easy some of them hard.You need to hurry all the time but you need to show patience at the same time.Keep quiet all the time because Alien listens all your moves.If it sees you, hears you then you are lost.Plot is awesome as well as gameplay.It has mysteries, and gives you some experience.I liked graphics too, they are awesome and optimization is dope because I am playing on a garbage laptop at high settings.9/10"
76561197982565433,Recommended,214490,30161984,Posted: 25 February,all,ruwagrong,"Wow, this game has to be the most immersive i have ever felt in a game. The sound in this game is just phenominal. The low echo of bumping in space, to the steam noises from when a door opens. On top of that, the visual details in this game are unbelievable. This is what gaming is about, the immersion that your really there. I would love to see more of this type of quality and details in more games."
,Recommended,214490,26088266,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,JoeyBslash3,"Alien: Isolation has set out to do one thing, bring the tension and dread from the original Alien film into a video game...they have succeeded...This game delivers a great survival horror experience with amazing graphics and sound design to immerse you into the familiar future of the first Alien film, way back in 1979...the attention to detail is staggering.Graphics:First, we must talk about the overall production design of the game. The developers took a lot of time and effort to recreate the setting from the original film, and have done so with flying colors. Every minor detail is noticed if you take the time to look around. The lighting is especially important, considering this is a survival horror experience. I say experience because, if you enjoyed the Alien films, this is an unforgettable game. The Xenomorph itself looks extremely detailed and photo realistic. It's crazy how real it looks and moves. The limited items you get to use throughout the game look very realistic as well. The game is running on the Cathode engine, which is an in house engine, so everything from the walls, floors, doors, characters, particle effects, shadows, post processing effects, and textures all look amazing and realistic, as this game sets out to capture the essence of the 1979 film. Top notch graphics that add to the immersion of the experience is always well appreciated by me.Gameplay:This is a true survival horror experience in my book. You have limited items to use at your disposal, and your best course of action is to hide and evade/avoid confrontation since you don't have much resources to use in terms of defending yourself. You have the ability to hide in lockers, vents, cabinets, under tables, and some other places, so the options are fairly open most of the time. The ability to peak left, right and over desks or other objects your hiding behind is a nice touch to the immersion of the experience. You must be weary of how much noise you're making, especially when around potential enemies. The A.I. in the game is very well done and you will notice that the alien, in particular, is not very predictable, and you must use different strategies to evade its detection, and subsequently, your ultimate doom. There are other enemies in the game as well, but I will let you find that out as you play. What's nice is that, even though your resources and weapons are limited, there are just enough of them to help you out throughout the experience. I played the game on hard, and my resources were extremely limited, so I had to make tough decisions on what I should use for this particular scenario vs another. So when you found ammunition or more items to craft from, you feel so happy and relieved, again, adding to the survival horror experience.Sound:I must mention in this review that the sound design for this game is at the highest quality and definitely makes or breaks a survival horror game...the sound makes this game for sure. From the atmospheric sounds of wearing a space suit, or just walking down a cramped corridor of a space station, the sound envelopes you from all sides. I played with a 7.1 surround set up, so the immersion was very apparent from the beginning. The Xenomorph sound effects are extremely well done and make you get goosebumps every time you hear the potential threat of it in the vents or walking around, searching the corridors, hunting its prey. There is no question that the sounds for the Xenomorph are legit...it sounds perfect. The weapons in the game have great sound effects and really reward you for not using them, so when you actually need to, the sounds almost startle you since they sound incredibly real. The sound design in the game has been worked on in detail and it shows throughout the experience.So, after you play through this game, you will most likely agree it is a worthy addition to the Alien saga, and really shows how different mediums can be used to tell a story. I won't spoil any of the story in this review, as it is worth a play through, just to find out what happens. All I can say is that I thouroughly enjoyed my experience with this game, and I hope they make another sometime soon. The game is very polished and is worthy of being a part of the Alien franchise9 FIT-GAMER Lunges out of 10"
,Recommended,214490,22308613,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,BloodyEddy™,"Finally an alien game that does the movie of my childhood justice ! They nailed everything from the movie, the atmosphere, the music and sound, the background. The Xenomorph's AI is also very impressive, unpredictable and never has a predetermined path, a must own for any Alien fan !!!"
,Recommended,214490,16662593,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zin,"It's not so much scary as a challenging stealth game with an Alien that will stomp on you if it ""sees"" you.  Your best friends are storage lockers and pretty much anything you can hide under.Edit/Update:  Just beat the main campaign.  Goddamn can it be insanely hard at points, once you get your hands on the flame thrower most of your time is spent pushing the alien away long enough that you can save your game or doing your best to find a new hiding spot.  Grand scheme of things, the environment is a HUGE fan service to those who enjoyed the Alien franchise.Furthermore, the Ripley ladies are grand champions at hide and go seek though they cheat like no ones business by constantly moving and with their macguyver jury rigged tools.Last point, its a great feeling when you set down a proximity mine or molotive bomb, walk away and much later hear it blow up while simultaneously hearing one very very angry alien likely yelling in Alien ""What the hell is this♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
76561197979995786,Recommended,214490,28538069,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,loidlars,This was the best VR game for the Oculus DK2.... the best VR game I've ever played.  Please release an official update for Oculus CV1 and Steam Vive!
,Recommended,214490,33966953,Posted: 2 August,all,Touchin ER BUNS,"Amazing, had a few jump scares in this one. Great!"
,Recommended,214490,34176527,Posted: 11 August,all,fer0x,"AMAZING game.  Way better than Outlast(wich is amazing too).  But seriously, played on the Hard mode from the off, it is a real challenge.  I loved this game, well underated imho."
76561197982448052,Recommended,214490,15143755,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,McCracken,"THIS GAME SCARES THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF ME.. I CANT play it late at night and i can only play for a short while. its absolutely creepy running from that damn alien... Overall, excellent graphics. Just wish had more to protect myself. You cant fight that freakin alien and win. He is always near...."
,Recommended,214490,13580587,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,"All good despite the fact that aliens randomly spawn and kill you even if you hide and that ending.......egh, i give it a 6/10"
,Recommended,214490,12403861,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Aviticus Dragon,"By far the best alien game I've ever played. Atmospheric, intense, and will scare the living crap out of you! You'll be questioning every step you take, and looking not only behind you at the slightest sound as you creep along, but at every nook and cranny for the alien that hunts you.PRO'S:Optimization is fantastic - 60 FPS, Everything Ultra on GTX 770Storyline is greatWill scare you over and over. The Alien is not the only enemy.Atmosphere is intenseConstructing items is easy and gives a purpose for exploration to find componentsMusic is great, intense, and fits perfectly for the environment/actionGraphics are INSANELY good. - Turn film grain down to 60 % instead of 100%.CON'S:Easy and Medium difficulty dumbs the alien down - Game recommends HARDReplayability for main story line might be a one time thing, but there's an entire survival mode and might take a few play through's to see everything.Note: Play with the lights off for extra scare factor."
,Recommended,214490,32994537,Posted: 29 June,all,DFFSH,"One of the best horror games that i've played yethonestly, this game not quite scary as i think. maybe because this game had a minimal gore and lesser dark lighting compared to other sci-fi horror games (SOMA, Dead Space, etc.) but don't get me wrong, the atmosfer of this game really captures the Alien universe itself, and also a lot of references and backstory of the original Alien Movie (1979) .Graphics looks awesome on Max settings with AA mods that get rid of every jaggies throughout the game, while still maintain 60fps all the time.Story is decent and have a lot twist and surprise throughout the game, and the Aliens aren't the only threat on Sevastopol, There also synthetics, and some survivor like you.Crafting system is good, but i really hope that you could upgrade/modify your weapons, and this game is lacking variety of weapons. If you an completionist, you may hate this game because you need to do a little backtracking to aquire all of the collectiblesMake sure you had a good headphone before you play this game for complete experience, and...RUNNING CAUSES ACCIDENT"
76561198115870480,Recommended,214490,30989786,Posted: 6 April,all,SatanTheNoscoper,"Alien Isolation:Where to begin?This game is extraordinaryly amazing! Even the annoying bits were fun! Being in the world that we have seen in the movies is breath taking and it feels like you have been placed in the movie. The campaign is long- taking around 15-20 hours to complete (varies on what difficulty you play). The AI for the Alien is crazy, keeping you on your toes as you creep around the space station. Some annoying bits include unessscery android parts and some puzzling backtracking. Overall however i cannot praise this enough. 9/10 or if you're IGN 5.9/10 ""not enough call of duty"""
,Recommended,214490,34641653,Posted: 31 August,all,Reyks,Best thing that happened to the Alien Franchise since 1986.
76561198077025018,Recommended,214490,12656045,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"A tense and gripping Survival Horror with outstanding atmosphere.Play as Amanda Ripley - Ellen Ripley's daughter, in a frantic survival for your life aboard the Nostromo as you sturggle to retrace your mothers footsteps.This game is inspired by Ridley Scott's original iconic vision: There is only one Xenomorph to stalk you through the corridors. It is attracted to sound, so be mindful of your actions. There are plenty of other obstacles to face, whether it be maintenance failures, destroyed walkways, or frenzied androids, you will not have much down time.The mechanics are simple and gratifying, with a button to sprint, sneak, hide and equip items/weapons. You are given many different instruments to utilize aboard the ship, including the iconic scanner. You can also craft items and equipment by collecting the needed materials and blueprints.If you dig the first-person immersion, and prefer stealth oriented survival horrors over shoot-fest survival horrors, this game is for you."
,Recommended,214490,13354654,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hoodyhoo,"Scary scary game!  I'm a huge Alien Universe fan, and I felt this game is probably the best one made for that universe.  There were some nit-picks I would have with it including unrealistic human interations (why does everyone want to kill me?) and some bits of the story are a little far fetch, plus I found the ending to be slightly predictable.That said, the visuals are amazing, the alien is random and incredibly deadly, the game offers a solid challenge (hard mode), and it's the closest I think any of us will get to being in the alien universe.  The controls are solid, the sounds are amazing and terrifying, and the music engine plays all the right pieces at all the right times - adding significantly to the dark, isolated atmosphere.  The weapons add just the right balance of play without making you feel unstoppable.  The minute-to-minute decisions you choose yield consequences that matter for survival.  A great amount of detail went into the alien, as well.  Though some design and sound decisions for the alien I felt were'nt quite right, the creature as a whole is daunting and terrifying. It also has hidden Oculus Rift DK2 support that can be enabled from the configuration file which adds even more immersion to the universe if you have a Rift.This is probably the strongest game in the sci-fi survival horror genre, and it's worth picking up if you are into that kind of thing (which I am!).  I've never been so happy to be hunted by the scariest creature in the universe!P.S. - This is locker hiding simulator 2014 for gamers who are easily scared :)"
,Recommended,214490,33119346,Posted: 2 July,all,Sanecatlady,"Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing scary game.Took me hours to move between two lockers, constant feeling of anxiety until you get past that feeling and realise that you can make it past the alien and still survive.A game that is true to the original films and it would be horrifyingly wonderful in VR.Thank god that fire scares the alien back a bit atleast!"
,Recommended,214490,12590805,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,One Fashionable Doge,Best Graphics and AI I have ever seen in a game by date. Great storyline and characters. Runs very well for how extreme the graphics are as well.
76561197977803405,Recommended,214490,33099002,Posted: 1 July,all,worldbfree4me,My goto game when I want an adrenaline rush!
76561197995911949,Recommended,214490,13522850,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Git Gudenberg,"Yes, the game certainly has its frustrating moments, I agree that the Alien can be unfair at times and me personally I would have loved to see some Coop or Versus-Gameplay.But all critics aside.One should appreciate Alien: Isolation for what it is: An amazingly well done resurrection of the franchise, after the somewhat mediocreAvP (2010)and the infamousColonial Marines (2013)almost brought upon its own demise.Alien: Isolationcertainly is the best Alien game sinceAliens vs Predators II (2001)and I'm looking forward to seeing what they do with this new type of Alien games. I demand more and I'm not talking of DLCs!"
76561197961677162,Recommended,214490,17019016,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,BoomsticK,"Rating:4.7 out of 5 facehuggers.Pros:A must for Alien genre fansA true scifi/horror that makes you feel every moment.Excellent addition to the Alien storyline and franchise. I'd go as far as saying this should be canon (maybe not every detail but generally).Stunningly breathtaking visual scenery and attention to detail by the game artists.Smart Alien AI that adapts to your gameplay. You have to adapt and change to outsmart it.Seegson Working Joe's are a brilliant addition to the story and are believable rudimentary androids.Horrifying footsteps, screeches and noise in the vents really makes you crap your pants.Long campaign. You get your money's worth.Cons:Experienced one bugged save file late in the campaign meant I had to restore a previous save. Hopefully not a regular occurrence for others.Somewhat linear storyline. Although you can choose many different paths/options, the story sticks to a script. It would have been nice to have more control over the story.Summary:I completed it on the hard setting and found it challenging but rewarding.Highly recommended and well worth the spend."
76561198044814306,Recommended,214490,12394718,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,animalmother671,Those androids...those eyes...dat alien...these goosebumps!!!goty 10/10
76561198046174223,Recommended,214490,29520212,Posted: 27 January,all,Youngblood,"Hiding Simulator, 2k14."
76561198036842851,Recommended,214490,14471832,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Vasquerade,"If I could choose, which monster has scared me most ever since my childhood to this very day, you would probably guess either a vampire, a zombie or a bogeyman. But even combined they're nothing when compared to late Swiss artist H.R. Giger's most popular creation: the Alien. Ever since it was seen for the first time back in 1979, success followed on many fronts for a while. But unfortunately, nothing lasts forever. Rebellion (the very team that created two legendary AvP games back in 90's) tried to give us just as tasteful experience in 2010, but the time seemed to have passed the British team.Still that wasn't even half bad compared to Aliens: Colonial Marines, the game that still gives me (and surely many other Alien -fans) a painful headache. Almost everything from the very core of the game was just messed up and instead of feeling fear, I just felt a shared sense of shame due to wasted potential. But when every last bit of Marine's equipment - even the iconic pulse rifle - is taken from you, what's going to happen then?Creative Assembly's - British dev team known from Total War series - Alien: Isolation is anything but the same we've seen so many times: instead of being marine equipped with heavy firepower, you're pitted as a civilian, who lacks combat experience and who can be killed at any time. Literally. In Isolation you fight against your threats (mostly) by good thinking, not by guns. And that's just the beginning.Isolation takes place 15 years after the events of Alien; commercial starship USCSS Nostromo has disappeared and so has  the game's protagonist's (Amanda Ripley) mother, Ellen Ripley. One day a man named Samuels comes to tell her that Sevastopol Station has acquired Nostromo's flight recorder and it doesn't take too much from him to convince Amanda to join retrieval team. Unfortunately things aboard Sevastopol Station aren't going well: humans turn on each other and shoot each other due to paranoia, mannequinlike Working Joe -androids have lost it and they attack humans at sight and last but not least there's an unstoppable, merciless alien roaming around the station.Sevastopol Station is plainly put gorgeous and Creative Assembly has put the source material to a good use. Everywhere  you see something that reminds you of that time when the future wasn't so high-tech like it is shown in modern sci-fi series. Just add into this an atmospheric soundtrack, that has taken some notes from Jerry Goldsmith's composition and you're at home, especially if you're a die-hard Alien fan. But moving around Sevastopol isn't just exploring, because at the moment you either hear thumping or hissing nearby, you really wish that you knew the environment well enough to escape from the clutches of your enemies.The mission pattern however is quite simple: most of the time you pull levers, hack the doors with your hacking tool and search for the component X to make it to the next level. But it's all about that nightmarish hide-and-seek -game between life and death that either encourages or discourages you to play the game through. Word of warning: Isolation isnota fun game, but I still like it very much. Why? Because it actually forces you to think even insignificant things through and through. Even the use of a safe system needs to be timed carefully, because when you're saving your progress, you're leaving yourself open to attack. Thus the fear of death is constantly present, especially in the first half of the game.You're not completely helpless against the enemies, because with a motion tracker you can see their nearby location. As you progress, you'll find blueprints for different kinds of tools, such as EMP mines, noisemakers, smoke bombs etc. Every tool has its strengths and weaknesses, but you shouldn't rely on them too much, if you want to conserve your resources for real nasty situations. Firearms should be forbidden from use most of the time, because the sound of firing attracts unwanted attention and really, that's the last thing you want to do in this game. You can take down both humans and androids with guns, but stopping the alien itself requires either flamethrower, Molotov or pipe bomb, and even then it disappears only for a while.Alien: Isolation, however, isn't a perfect game. In addition to monotonic mission pattern environments are recycled, especially on the last third of the game. And even though it took me almost 20 hours to complete the game, it would have actually taken 12(!) hours, showing that seemingly little mistakes have a huge impact on the game's events. To be honest, most of the time the fault was mine, because I either let my guard down or didn't pay enough attention to the environment. When I played this game second time on Nightmare -difficulty, only then I felt that some deaths were unfair, like when the alien jumped on me straight out of the vent without a single warning sign.The game also has a Survivor mode, where you simply try to reach your destination, either as fast as possible or trying to get a good score by completing side objectives during the run. Alien and other enemies, of course, try to put a stop to your plans and you need to either outsmart or get rid of them faster than in the main game, provided you have enough resources to deal with them. Even though I find this mode interesting, with the main game there's only just ONE map and you're not probably going to spend much time with it, unless... you'll buy the DLC (*sigh*).Anyways, I can say that Alien has finally got the game it truly deserves. The one that respects its source material and it keeps thrill-seeking players in its tight, even sadistic grip all the way through to the credits. Look out, necromorphs and other monsters from outer space, Daddy's come home!PROS:+ Late 70's sci-fi+ Alien scares once again+ Great environments...+ Superb visuals and fantastic soundscape+ Appropriately challengingCONS:- Mission pattern could have been more diverse(- May frustrate you at times)- ... that end up victims of recycling at the last third of the game- Survivor mode (without the DLC packs) feels an empty additionGRAPHICS:9SOUND:10GAMEPLAY:8LASTING APPEAL:8FINAL VERDICT:9"
,Recommended,214490,14497238,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Hitchet,"Absolute masterpiece with all the parameters: atmosphere, suspense, gore, high-quality graphics and brilliantly designedAlien. Nothing to say more. Must-have.10/10"
76561198036662065,Recommended,214490,20522908,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Hashash,"The best Alien game I've ever played, this masterpiece really got the hook on the real nature of the Alien, which is a deadly xenomorph that you can't kill in huge numbers like they were cockroaches. Just one of them is enough to kill hundreds of people which is shown here aswell.I grew up with Alien movies, so Alien games are something I always buy whenever they get released, and this one didn't disappoint me, but actually surprised me.It is a horror game in all forms, and you always need to go around scavenging for stuff to survive, building stimpaks etc.Knowing that an Alien could be in the next room at all times, made me paranoid as hell.The Aliens animations are very cool aswell, and the stealth gameplay in general is fluid.It is not like the Amnesia games, because you have the means to destroy other humans and robots in your way, but the Alien itself can only be scared away by a flamethrower or lots of bullets, even then you are not sure if you've done so, it only buys you a few seconds to move further ahead.Many times when I think the Alien is long gone, then all of a sudden I walk through a door or corridor and then it pounces and strikes me down out of nowhere.Creative Assembly have done an amazing job with this horror pearl, and they deserve praise for that."
76561198018907903,Recommended,214490,15272781,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Punisher,"the best game of alien franshise to date by long margin.It captures the true essence of alieni look further for the next one,we are missing the queen ofc and more alien locations and a new plot.as far as being the first one its really nice to play and intense.A good base for the next one they managed to capture the true core of an alien game and how it should be played and felt."
,Recommended,214490,15212837,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Faster Than Hesus,"It just a best game have I ever played, this graphic just amazing, plot amazing too and of course alien will scare you again and againBGE 11/10"
,Recommended,214490,25896477,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Stove Jebs,I think this game gave me slight PTSD. After months of not playing the game this xenomorph still haunts me in my dreams. Honestly though one of the best games I have ever played in my life.10/10Update: Still haunted in my sleep by the xenomorph every once in a while.
,Recommended,214490,12674025,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Riorach,"This game blew my mind. It played on all of my greatest fears of childhood and pit me against one of the biggest nightmares I've ever experienced. When faced with the Alien you feel small and incomprehendably frail, a real panic filling your body when you are forced to go against your natural instinct to run. Crew Expendable was a blast from my past that sent chills down my spine as every second felt like it was going to be my last. The Working Joe's are a bit of an♥♥♥♥♥pain, but can grasp you in terrifying ways when an entire army is coming for your throat.In my personal experience, this is everything the Alien franchise needed, both in graphical gorgeousness and terror making you feel like you are in the first movie all over again. Nothing beats the raw impossibility of this Alien. Great job."
,Recommended,214490,25811445,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Neverbound,"Two years on, Alien: Isolation remains gaming's pinnacle of environmental design with a unified aesthetic. It reminds us that 'immersion' isn't merely a buzzword — it's fire brought to life, as here, by the kindling of craft and artistry."
,Recommended,214490,12716958,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Chocolate Pudding,"Helen Keller's ""Ayy Lmao: Isolation"" is a very unique game.  Please, allow me to clarify, I mean it's unique like a special little snowflake.  This is not literally, but figuratively in the same sense that SJWs are special snowflakes.  That's a pretty big coincidence because SJWs over at Creative Assembly made this game.  In Ayy Lmao: Isolation you play as Amanda Ripley.  Ellen Ripleys space exploring second year aprentice welding bug eyed daughter.  This game is about Amandas quest to come out, and gain approval from her mother.  The game is played through metaphores.  Amanda spends much of her time hiding her sexuality in the various closets, lockers, and storage containers on the USSC Sevestapol, because she's being opressed by the Alien, which is actually the shadowy monster ""The Patriarchy"" which insists that she can't be gay, because she is destined to work for seventy two cents to a mans dollar, marry, have kids, and be a home maker.  Not go flying around in space lezzing out.  You're not alone with the ayy lmao though, there are also artificial people, or synthetics, which represent Amandas ambiguous gender normative behavious.  She's a woman, but she's also a trades man?  Unheard of.  I was originally going to give this game a lower score, because I thought it was the best aliens game ever, and the best survival horror game in recorded history, but then I sawn the fnords, and have to drop it's score down to a 10/10.  Alien: Isolation is the LGBT Community's game of the year, and would probably be approved of by the late Tom Clancy.  Rip in peace, Tom."
76561198025964857,Recommended,214490,12391639,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Anarchist_waffle,"Bloody fantastic game, everything from the atmosphere to the music to the satisfying gameplay is just right. We finally have an Alien game worth playing."
76561198162225011,Recommended,214490,31751000,Posted: 14 May,all,Puckom Picker,figure it probably like 40 euros worth it imo for the future crap turned into valve confirmed nigger♥♥♥♥♥♥ for free game are like online missions we can only purchase them easy to build pc is useful for
76561198091350526,Recommended,214490,31502204,Posted: 2 May,all,Only_Chins,Play this if you're constipated.
,Recommended,214490,24758054,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Ragnar Hairy-Trousers,"Good game, excellent graphics and sound but the alien is overused and often becomes annoying rather than scary."
,Recommended,214490,33040361,Posted: 30 June,all,Batman,"I was a healthy person once , no medical problems or mental problems. Watched few Alien movies and loved them.Movies didn't scare me really.Tought it would be fun to play this game and expirience the expirience they had in movies you know.Now I have heart condition....and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myselfRemember , go to the toilet before playing this game.Fun game.....10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again."
,Recommended,214490,12391897,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rico,BEST. GAME. EV >AARRRGHH!!!<This game has brought new life to gigers monster... I was never scared of the xenomorph... until now...
76561198078208116,Not Recommended,214490,28294249,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"It's at times like this that highlights why STEAM really needs a ""Neutral"" option for the game reviews as I would have certainly rated this and a Neutral.  As things are though, Considering that I got this in a sale, The AMAZING first act and the equally Amazing Visuals on ballance the negatives outweigh the positives.  Ultimately When I finished this I was not left with a feeling of enjoyment or achivement but rather feeling glad it was finally all over, and for the wrong reasons.  I should add that this is one of those strange cases where the DLC is actually better than the Main Feature.Well, I guess this is what happens when a AAA artistic team are paired with an inept programming team and Corperate ""Suits"", good graphics alone do not a good game make and sadly this is not the ""Outlast in Space"" that people were lead to believe it was.So yes, Visually this is Amazing, Smooth and Consistently faithful to the Source Material.  Same goes for the Sound and the Musc Score.  The Look and movement of the Monster are also very well done, however this is the Alien with ""Matrix Super Powers"" of the later action based films and not the Stalking, Threatening Monster of the 1979 Film.  For some strange reason they have given the creature Human Hands rather than Alien Hands....I have no idea why either.As I said the First Act is one of the scariest Games I have ever played but then it all goes downhill pretty rapidly from there.So what went wrong?Well, 70% of this Game is just Padding to make it look bigger than it actually is.  In many ways it reminded me of Thirnteenth Skull (and why that game bommbed as well) in that while it is visually very good most of the Gameplay is just doing pointless stuff to drag things out.  Without making too many spoilers  what you will encounter here is Hours and Hours of say, finding components to open a door or fix a Computer, only to find that after going through all that the way is Blocked after all and the Computer Doesn't work anyway.  Completely Pointless and completely annoying.Secondly The Monster, as good as it is, has been WAY too over used in this Title, which both cheapens the effect of the Scares and the Dread. If they had kept the Appearence of The Alien like that of The Nemesis from RE3 then the effect would have worked much better.   I wish that Games were desigend by actual Fans again and not Corperate Suits  who seem to think that Making a game Virtually Unplayble = Challenge, Clunky, Fiddely controls = Immersion and Boring, Repetative Backtracking = Progression.The controles are an absolute nightmare, it really is so bad.  I'v not experienced such an awkward, badly designed, clunky, buggy and unresponsive controle system since ZOIDS on the C64. They really are awful.The final straw, and this really was the deal breaker, after all that  we don't even get an ending!?!        Seriously, remember what happened in the final episode of The Sopranos?  Well that's what you    get for all your investment in this game, it literally just stops midway through a scene and then the credits roll.  That's it!!    It's one of the most infuriating I'v seen and made me resent the hours of investment I put into this.If SEGA could have kept the momentum going from the first act then this would have been Amazing  but as things are all I can say is If you can get this as a complete package for a cheap price then I would advise going right to the DLC otherwise you may just give up on it.  Sorry I couldn't be more positive."
76561197971127571,Not Recommended,214490,28845277,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,The_Real_Black,"Great game plays like the first movie was to watch.GraphicLiterally looks like the first movie. Big pixel screen tell you the story. Ramdom clutterd items show you people lived in this space station and space ship. The whole stetting is very fitting for an alien title.StoryYou play as the daughter Ellen Ripley to find out what happen in the first movie. Also Alien because its in the title...GameplayThis is no power fantasy, you are a weak survivor and you have to avoid the Alien.Now to the points of spoiler and why I do not recommend this game.You have to hide and distract the alien to not devour you, but its very random if the alien will be distracted and not instant kill you. Most of the sections are limited to one hallway or maybe 2 so you have to go the way of the alien. If the distraction works the alien runs to it and after 2 seconds back to block your way.If the alien is not running in your path its patroling your mission targets. This is why I do not like the mechanics of the alien. With this, every time you enter a perimiter around your current mission the alien run pass you to be first on the switch to flip.A free roaming alien all the time woud be more fun so you coud distract it to stay ahead.Also the randomness of the alien adds more frustration as fun to the game. After each reload I tryed to distract the alien, sometime it workes for more than 5 seconds, sometime the alien ignored me and all the crafted items and than there ware the times the alien runs without a warning strait to you and forces you to reload.A bit more consistant behavior would be nice in a survival game. Changings rules to force the alien to camp mission targets and random reactions to player action are not good game mechanics.But else the game is great."
,Recommended,214490,12390050,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,swaY,"Alien: Isolation is a pretty terrifying game. To all the people thinking it is just a bug hunt game where YOU hunt down the Alien and kill it, you are completely wrong. The objective of Survivor mode is to find a way out of there and get to the Airlock. I'm not a huge fan of story so far but as you can see I have barely gotten anywhere with it yet. I haven't run any to any bugs so far. I can't give it a rating just yet because I haven't played that much yet, but I will be updating the review."
,Recommended,214490,29841076,Posted: 10 February,all,Brian Johnson,step 1. Hide in the closetstep 2. ???step 3. Profit10/10 would crap my pants again
,Not Recommended,214490,22650279,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Toshi,"I love Alien..I watched all the movies, given that the latter ones are not that great, I still love the entire world and the style and the idea it self. I was so excited for this game, I have been following pre-release videos and what not, and eventually bought it.Just upon opening the menu and even the intro sequences you get an amazing Alien-ish feeling and this sort of 80s atmosphere that continues once you start playing, the environments are amazing! You truly feel like you got yourself onto the set of Alien! Amazing! The sound effects and the overall ambience is also quite good, especially with headphones. And I even like the graphics, and I am not a demanding person when it comes to game gfx.But that is, unfortunately, where the positives end. The game is literally unfair. And not that it would be difficult, I played many difficult games and I have never, ever been so frustrated like I am with Alien:Isolation. The save points are crazy far apart from each other, this would be ok if it wasn't for the extremely frustrating Alien AI. Most of the time the flamethrower does nothing to it, hiding in ""closets"" and what not is extremely boring after a short while, human AI that makes noise and draws the Alien out is not getting attacked instead I am getting attacked, I had moments in which the Alien fell through the floor and appeared behind me, times in which the alien would duplicate and times in which it would burst through a closed (locked-down) door like it has a noclip.I cannot count the amount of unfair deaths I had during my 10 hours of playtime, but what I can say is that I eventually stopped having any fun and just closed the game. Doing everything again and again because of stupid mechanics just killed the atmosphere for me and made me unwilling to continue, because the atmosphere was the only thing holding this together for me. The robot and human AI on the other hand is totally dumb and barely difficult, while sometimes I got shot through walls or crates while hiding, which only kills any further immersion.I also have not enjoyed the closet hiding and crafting systems, I feel like it gets very repetitive, immersion breaking and just doesn't fit into the game for or should have been done differently.I am not sure at this point if I will ever finish this game, I bought the whole deal with all the DLCs and at this point I just feel like uninstalling it. I seriously thought about getting a cheat trainer just to see the rest of the story without stressing my self to death and I basically never, ever cheat except for GTA:SA.TL;DRPros+ Sound design+ Graphics+ Level design+ Style+ Alien!Cons- Unfair- Weird AI- Bugs and glitches- Immersion breaking mechanisms- Repetition- Saving mechanism- Usually pointless guns"
,Recommended,214490,13205177,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nobaddy,ayy lmao
,Not Recommended,214490,22357045,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Sheniab,"Originally, the game was interesting, gripping, scary, and genuinely a fun experience. After about 14 hours of gameplay I had hit my wits end. The makers of the game obviously ran out of ideas and decided to just do the lather effect on the gamers.If you’re not familiar with this it’s essentially doing the same thing over and over again in different ways. The constant “get to this part of the ship” and then once you arrive “find an alternate route” just became so monotonous making this game aggravating and brutal. The ONLY reason I continued playing another 10 hours of this useless game was just because I am persistent and NEEDED to know how it felt to beat it. I can guarantee you I had no satisfaction besides relief that I could now continue to live my life.If you’re a fan of the Alien films, this game made some great connections and they really worked a LOT to make the details concise. They did this and the music even was beautiful done. It was a great homage to the films. It just NEEDS to be shorter. The games beauty was fleetingly lost to the monotonous mission trail that never seemed to end. And when it did, it continued to send you all over the God forsaken ship in circles, feeling incredibly angry again for having to continually turn around and go back to where you came from.The best comparison I can make to this game is imagine yourself in a room and one side of the room says “Go to Wall 2 for next step.” and then you walk to the other side of the room and the wall reads, “Go back to Wall 1 for next step.” And you keep repeating this over and over again till eventually you see no point in doing it anymore. That’s what this game does to you. But in the mix of going back an forth they throw aliens, robots, and random human beings who have no reason or backstory to being there.2/10 mainly because I genuinely appreciated all the work put into it in the beginning. Sound Design, the ships details, the backstory even, the plot structure, the connections to the films (even the small details like sound effects) but sadly they were all overshadowed by the endless exhausting grueling even, end game.I do not recommend starting this. Or if you do, just quit the game (SPOILER ALERT) When Ripley detaches from the ship the FIRST time."
76561198042039149,Recommended,214490,29355716,Posted: 19 January,all,MY TIME HAS PASS..,"This game is a gem ..i find it surprising how underrated this game is..ProsConsVery realistic backgroundCannot deconstruct once u craft an itemScary atmospheremust have patience cannot run and gunHigh replay valueits not COD where u can run and gunfrom my 30+ hours of gaming there is 1 thing that i want to highlight . i wish i could dissemble some of the gadget/tools i crafted as i found that there was times where i need some gadget/tool more than the other and its already hard to find the required items( especially in HARD/NIGHTMARE mode) to craft the said gadget as you are being hunted by the alien at the same  time.logically if you can craft and construct why can't you deconstruct that same gadget into all its component, Amanda ripley is after all, a survivor.sometimes the ability to deconstruct an unneeded gadget and construct a new needed gadget is the difference between getting killed by the alien and progressing to the next level or getting that important SAVE game.Overall i highly recommend this game if your a fan of stealth/survivor games.. get it when its on sale!"
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,214490,15497446,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Wibble the Obscure,"***** UPDATE TL:DR VERSION *****There are 18 levels... only 40% of people managed to finish the first 5 of those levels and yet somehow this game has 91% positive from 21900 reviews!***** UPDATE *****I am updating my review after playing it all the way through, i am one of the 17.3% who actually bothered. For the interest of openness the only reason i played it through to the end was because i used an excellent mod that rendered the Aliens non-functional. Without it i would have lost interest much much earlier and not bothered.I had hoped that playing it through would give me a sense of the story, give me a chance to get fully engrosed in the atmosphere of Sevastapol. Instead it just convinced me of how poor a game this is. I was terribly bored most of the way through despite Alien Isolation ticking a number of 'great game' boxes for me:Franchise i grew up with.Horrifying main antagonist (thank you Healthy Snacks)Strong female lead character (games are too much of a sausage-fest)Outstanding sceneryThe Alien is a drag on the story, and yet without the shock and jump scares of the Alien to distract you it can quickly be seen that the story is just a mess... and an overly long one at that.The whole final chapter felt tacky, there were too many 'of course it/she/the Alien did'... momentsThe previous 2-3 chapters (as you are trying to release 'The Torrens') just descended into a blur of more rooms, more chaos, doing more of the same things.I stuck with this... in the end i (very literally) had to force myself to play just to get to the 'conclusion' but since less than 18% of people who bought this actually stuck with it through to the end it kind-of suggests that the pacing is not making much of an impact.It also makes one question how valid the Steam Reviews are: 12.9k+ reviews have come through with 91% Positive rating but only 50% of people got as far as the 4th Level... only 40% of people completed that Level....Well, i have played it through and it is not worth your money or time... my review stays nagative.* Wibble, signing out***** INITIAL REVIEW *****A stunningly beautiful game, it captures the claustophobia of the original Alien movie beautifully and the levels give you the very strong feeling that you are there in Ridley Scott's original vision.The sound is very good too.Why the negative though? Honestly it is dull, there is no tension (not after seeing the Alien the first few times) because nothing breaks the tension of the game and the awesome experience of the space station as much as the Alien itself!Thats right, the main protagonist is the least interesting part of the game.If there was some sense of 'my' actions being the cause for the Xenomorph turning up and getting nasty. If there was a way to hide (in abject fear) whilst waiting for the Alien to get bored and go looking for space noms elsewhere it would work. But instead the Alien just 'lingers'. It is there and stomps around like your partner when they have had a bad day and are looking to get angry at you for some reason.I found i was just as successful, and enjoyed the experience as much, just dying/loading instead of making the effort to hide too much. It felt like there was little point anyway."
,Recommended,214490,12463961,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Original Space Jockey,Fantastically scary and well crafted game! 9.5/10
76561198174303590,Recommended,214490,30310533,Posted: 4 March,all,Cryo_Genic,Best horror game I've played in my entire life!
,Recommended,214490,12437800,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Albinohat,"Mini spoilers aheadGameplayThis is easily my game of the year. This game takes the puzzle mechanics of Amnesia: TDD, the constant threat of Slenderman, the hiding mechanics Outlast and blends them all magnificently. That isn't to say that they straight-up copied these mechanics, either. Everything felt fresh and intuitive.Setting/AtmosphereI have not played a game that nailed FPHS this well in since Amnesia: TDD. The atmosphere is lonely and foreboding while remaining remakrably loyal to the setting of the Alien universe.  Lighting, sound, level design all was top-notch. the game is also very immersive the the aforementioned reasons as well as interesting controls. I really liked using mouse buttons to represent Ripley grabbing things, movement keys for pulling things and especially loved navigating the terminals without a mouse (They didn't have mice, so it wouldn't have even made sense to use the mouse!)NitpicksI wasn't a big fan of the human AI in the game. In my experience there were two types of humans, those who were unarmed and helpless and those who would tell you to go away and shoot you anyway (the jerks).I also dislike the baby aliens because they were hard to hit (maybe I just need to get good) and were a one hit kill.OverallI love this game and feel ready to tackle the DLCs and challenge mods next! If you plan on playing this game, do yourself a favor and play on HARD. It offers the most difficult and terrifying experience. It even says so in-game for the difficulties description: ""The recommended way to experience the game. Challenging and terrifying.""If you took the time to read any or all of this, thank you for your time and I hope you enjoy AI!"
76561198036543123,Recommended,214490,15961556,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Whoovs,"the oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown"
,Recommended,214490,12874599,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,CitricBean PunkGamer,"Forgive me for a badly written review, I'm a bit out of practice... Anyway.I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone! I love everything about this game so far, the tension, the stealth and the loyalty to the original movie. It looks absolutely beautiful, and is challenging without being too frustrating, and I'm always finding a few different ways to solve the same problems. For example, you could try and sneak around behind a Working Joe (which is the ballsy approach), or you could take a slightly different route and go through one of the vents. It's things like this which make you want to explore the Sevastopol a lot, but you gotta be careful as you're doing it!I haven't played much of this game yet, only about 3 hours or so, and I haven't got far into the game, but I know I want to keep playing and keep looking to find new ways of dodging the Alien and the Working Joes.There are a couple of downsides, but they're quite minor. The first one is that I found that studying the patrol routes is quite difficult, and can be painfully slow on occasion. I've spent a good 3-4 mins (which is a long time to be stood still doing nothing!) just waiting to see what the patrolling guard will do, because some guards do longer patrols than others etc etc...Secondly, the control mapping is very different and will take a little while to get used to, but I guess this is all down to player preference. Put it this way, I struggled for a bit, but I must admit, it didn't take too long to pick it up.If you can get past these small ""problems"", you're golden.I don't care what any Gamespot or IGN reviewer says, THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE AI! So if someone ever tells you it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ punch 'em in the throat...To summarise, very tense, very atmospheric, very beautiful. If you're a fan of the Alien movie, you need this game.9/10"
76561198129797972,Recommended,214490,12896427,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,hoping this game works,"One of the best games of the year. Loved it from start to finish. Going into detail about all the good things about this game would take to long. From great visuals and audio to great gameplay and mechanics, this game has something for every horror/survival game fan. It is a long game but uses tension and a great enemy A.I. to keep it intruiguing and the extra DLC gives it alot of  high quality long term appeal even after the super long campaign. Definetly worth the money for anyone interested in survival or horror."
76561198025093178,Recommended,214490,16777263,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ihKu47,"Hide in the scifi closet simulator 2015! A seriously good horror game with good graphics, excellent art design, athmospheric audio and fun stealth oriented gameplay (once you learn hiding in the closet isn't the ONLY thing you can do to keep yourself safe). The Alien A.I. got a lot of praise when the game out, and from what I've seen I would have to agree: It's a very good balance of predictable and unpredictable paths, giving you a general idea how long the Alien is going to stay away from your immediate location but forcing you to keep yourself on your toes just in case it decides to come back around sooner than you expected. Once the Alien has heard you, it will thoroughly look around the area you're in but if it has already inspected your closet but didn't find you (because you managed to hold your breath and lean back in time and for long enough) it will just glance at it, as it ""knows"" you're certainly not there. I tried fooling the Alien by setting off an alarm in the other end of the hallway and though it ran there to inspect it, it quickly realized no one was there and made it back double time.Sometimes the good A.I. can be the stumbling block of the game though. A few times it has happened that I'm forced to retreat back to the same room and same closet some six or seven times and watch the Alien search the room again and again, as it managed to hear me trying to leave the area and came back quickly. I was playing on hard though, and was fairly inexperienced with the game (it seems smarter to walk around than to sneak around, as you'll get between suitable hiding places faster), so maybe that was why this happened.Great game if you're an Alien fan, a very good one if you like hidey horror games."
76561198032897383,Recommended,214490,27720305,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cyberSpice,"This game is the absolute and rare masterpiece of horror genre. If you like the horrors, Sci-Fi and movies about Aliens then Alien: Isolation is your choice. It includes tense atmosphere and interesting gameplay, nice graphics and excellent optimization.P.S. DLC's are too expensive for the poor content of them."
,Recommended,214490,13086741,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Major QT 3.14,Only an hour and a half in and loving it. It's ♥♥♥♥ing TERRIFYING!
,Recommended,214490,12395510,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Xenorolls,"I am a die-hard fan for Ridley Scott's original Alien movie.  The games that previously came out before this, however, did not give the reason why we loved the face-hugging, chest-bursting, and the ""alien interspecies♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; (yes this term is used by some of the creators of the original Alien film) that came from one of cinema's most iconic monsters.  However, Alien: Isolation redeems that idea of that terrifying, scary, and 80's feeling from the first film.  Sega has given us back a piece of cinema gold that gave fans the chills of seeing that monster come down the hallway, or, more appropriately, crashing through the vents of your spaceship.  If Kane were to be alive, I'm sure he would've loved to play this game before having his chest being ruptured again."
76561198012234152,Recommended,214490,13317300,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Scotty B,In space no can hear you scream..
,Recommended,214490,17237738,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,HejterX,"Nie som veľký fanúšik survival hier, ale Alien: Isolation bol pre mňa zaujímavý zážitok plný strachu a napätia. Hra vás vtiahne od začiatku a i keď je úvod celkom kľudný časom sa pocit stiesnenia a neustálej neistoty či ostať skrytý, alebo nie prehlbuje až nakoniec by ste najradšej ostali skrytý už navždy. Ale to vás z kozmickej stanice Sevastopol a lode Nostromo (áno je to presne tá loď na ktorej sa odohrával dej Votrelec 1) nedostane. Začína sa boj o holý život. V priebehu hry je možné zbierať rôzne predmety z ktorých sa následne dajú vyrábať rôzne užitočné gadgety, ktoré vám trochu napomôžu pri napredovaní v hre. Pripravte sa na to že v tejto hre akcie veľa nebude a pred každým vašim ďalším krokom si aj dva krát rozmyslíte čo idete robiť ďalej. V konečnom dôsledku Vám to veľa krát ani nepômože ak nemáte aj kúsok šťastia :) Votrelec nie je presne naskriptovaný a jeho pohyb je nepredvídateľný. Ďalším z problémov budú zkoruptovaní androidi, ktorý vás so slovami ""Let me help you"" bijú do hlavy svojimi syntetickými pesťami. Prostredie nie je veľmi rôznorodé, jedná sa väčšinou o interiéry vesmírnej stanice, ktoré sú sterilné a jednotvárne, ale to vás bude trápiť najmenej. Grafika je na výbornej úrovni. Príbeh nie je nejak extra bohatý, ale nachádzajú sa v ňom zvraty a neustále zmeny plánu, ktoré Vás už možno ku koncu prestanú baviť a myslím že sa autori snažili hru urobiť dlhšou ako v skutočnosti mala byť, ale to je iba môj subjektívny názor a možno pre niekoho je dokonca krátka. Dávam 8/10 a odporúčam fanúšikom Alien univerza a fanúšikom horrorových filmov ;)"
,Recommended,214490,18142906,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Batter,I RECOMMEND THIS GAME!The Alien in this game is awesome. One of the best AI i've seen!The Game looks beautiful and is optimised very well.the only problems I have with the game is that it can lose its audio when vsync is off which kinda ruins the scares. though the game is easy to run on 60 FPS.
,Recommended,214490,17027293,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Berq,"IMPORTANT CAVEAT - Don't buy Alien: Isolation until you've seen (andliked) the original movie, ""Alien,"" by Ridley Scott*.  Why is that so important?  I'll explain.Alien: Isolation is first and foremost a collection of beautiful set pieces.  The game is a scenic tour of those sets, frequently and frustratingly interrupted by the alien (or ""Stompy"" as another reviewer appropriately names it).  The environments of the Torrens and Sevastopol station are wonderfully-crafted homage to the late '70s science fiction stylings realized in the movie.  They're spot-on, immersive, engaging, and easily my favorite aspect of the game.But when you aren't taking in the atmosphere, what are you doing (i.e. what makes A:I a GAME)?  Sadly, it's all standard ""go here and press this button or operate X device to restore power or open a door or some similar nonsense.""  Mercifully, there's a good map, and viewing it pauses the game.  More often than not, you're sneaking, scavenging parts, and generally trying to avoid any kind of NPC contact/combat.  Amanda Ripley is an engineer, and always outclassed in a toe-to-toe fight.  Walking in, guns blazing, will quickly send you back to the Load Save screen.  This isn't to say you won't get the chance to heat up your arsenal, but doing so always comes with a cost, whether through the depletion of your scant resources, drawing the attention of the alien, or both.  The word of the day is ""QUIETLY.""  Unfortunately, despite your best attempts at stealth, you'll frequently see the Load Save screen anyway.  Alien: Isolation is HARD.We should discuss the game's namesake, the alien.  Any old-schoolers that played Resident Evil 3 will be quickly reminded of Nemesis, the indestructible ammo sink that periodically turned the game into a total chore.  You can't kill it, and for a large part of the game can't even dissuade it.  Amanda is far more proficient at arranging distractions, but since those only buy you 15-20 seconds, they rarely feel worth the effort.  The AI is ruthless, and the alien's long stride means it can walk faster than you can run, which you should almost never do anyway.  Its appearances and search patterns are random, so there's no learning when it's safe to move.  It's NEVER safe.  You just have to be bold and hope that this time it turns left instead of right.  It's definitely effective at creating tension, but eventually all that evasion becomes tedious.  Credit where it's due: the alien looks REALLY GOOD, though, and its movements are top-notch.PRO TIP: Never use the motion detector while hiding.  It beeps, and lets nearby enemies know exactly where you are, making it useless when you need it most.  Ripley the engineer apparently never thinks to cut the speaker wire.OK, this is admittedly a lot of complaining for a ""recommended"" review.  So what else is there to love about A:I?  Working Joes.  These budget synthetics are brilliant offenders of theUncanny Valleyprinciple.  They're creepy, deadly, and the most profanity-inducing part of the game you'll love to hate and hate to love.And that's it, really.  That's a pretty complete description of what you'll experience in Alien: Isolation.  As a game, it's too often frustrating, has obscene difficulty spikes, and employs some of the most tired and cliche mechanics.  It's honestly not a BAD game, just unexceptionalas a game.  And that should tell you just how incredible it is as an environmental experience.  The mood and atmosphere alone are more than good enough to carry the parts of the title that are lacking.  I could almost smell the humid, stuffy air, and feel the rubbery skin of the Working Joe as it choked me to death.  Any game that can craft its sights and sounds so expertly that it begins to engage my other senses as well... that game deserves my money.If you're a fan of the movie that inspired it, you won't regret the investment.*Naturally I encourage everyone who's seen Alien to also watch the James Cameron sequel, Aliens.  But while it's arguably even more awesome, it's a very different movie from Alien, visually speaking.  It has little influence on this game, and won't contribute much to your appreciation of Isolation's artistry, save references to Weyland-Yutani Corporation in the text and audio logs."
,Recommended,214490,17773031,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Digital_Raven,"Alien Isolation is one of the best games that I have played in a long time. From the start, the characters and story pull you into the game and never let you go. The game also stays true to the original film, and will scare you every bit as much. This was a seriously tense and terrifing experience and I cannot recommend it enough.If you are a fan of the original Alien movie, or just love to be absolutely terrified, then give this game a go.It won't dissapoint."
76561197981445921,Recommended,214490,13772415,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dobian,"I have seen the movie many times (I even fired it up again the other day after playing this) and can say that Alien: Isolation almost perfectly captures the mood of that classic. So many of the details from the Nostromo are present on Sevastopol station, like the dipping birds, the cassette-playing boom boxes, the style of the rooms and bulkheads, the 70s era low tech look and feel to everything. You even get to visit the iconic alien derelict ship in the game via a flashback. Cool! But the most important thing it captures is the feeling of dread, the anticipation of death around every corner. The alien is terrifying, but you are most afraid when you don't even see it, just hear it stalking the halls or scuttling around in the air ducts.Alien: Isolation features a simple but suspenseful story, fleshed out by logs, radio communications, and a few direct interactions with other survivors on the station. The length and pacing of the game is excellent, there is never a dull moment. The manual save system that I was worried about is actually implemented very well, and I like how they incorporated the save stations into the game world so organically.Visually, the environments are wonderfully detailed, believably authentic, and sometimes spectacular. I was disappointed in the character animations, however, which looked more like something from five years ago, and the dialogue was not always synced up well with the mouth movements. I hope CA focuses on this more if they do a sequel.My only real criticism of the gameplay is with the last thirty minutes or so. Without giving anything away, after a certain significant event happens to your character, the gameplay suddenly changes from a stealth/survival game to a consoley/XBox linear action game with cut scenes and a final scene that is a god-awful quick time event. For a game built on the dynamic of completing your objectives while using your wits and limited resources to avoid detection by the alien and other human and android enemies, to end with you mashing keys when prompted was a real letdown. This game would have earned a 10/10 if it had a worthy finish that had you utilize the skills that got you through the first 97 percent of it."
,Recommended,214490,16873002,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SinisterShadow,"This game is absolutely amazing.  The graphics are stellar.  The play is crisp.  The environment is perfect. There is REAL suspense in this game.  Ive never had a video game make my pulse race and hands shake at times, this does.  The AI is CRAZY smart. The Androids freak me out. People are insane with fear and will shoot on sight.  You will find your survival instinct or you wont.  The storyline is great.All i can say, is take your time, enjoy....and be reeeeeeeeeally fecking quiet (but also use tactical noise to your advantage).  Deception and stealth. Use the Motion Sensor ALL THE TIME.  Know where your enemies are at.  Conserve your consumables.  Youre gonna need any advantage you can get.This game easily hit my top5 games ever and im not even done with it yet!If this is ever on any sale GET IT.  DO NOT MAKE EXCUSES.This game is an experience.  11/10"
76561198045235061,Recommended,214490,16835843,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Zhou,"It's a much harder stealth game comparing to skyrim, far cry, dishonored, wolfenstein, metro. It has given me plenty of heart skips and WTF moments. Feels like hiding away from the bullies in elementary school."
,Recommended,214490,16458833,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,dka13,This is a very scary game! with a variety of enemies and so many different areas on the ship youll never know what is coming! It has great graphics and the sound is perfect. The sounds and music scare you more than the alien in my opinion!Just watched the original alien movie. They nodelled this game perfectly to the original movie!
76561197970454879,Recommended,214490,17011823,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dakari,"I was skeptical about this game in the begining. I've tried several survival horror games before and weren't that impressed with them. It seems like this genre is a new trend for indie developers and many of them use the same gameplay elements and scare tactics, i.e. monster closests.The ""Alien"" franchise is one of my favorite; however the games are not. Most of them are based off of the ""Aliens"" movie and thus have you shoot through hundreds of aliens throughout the game. I feel that this makes the aliens less scary and also less powerful if you can just mow them down with your pulse rifle. Now some games based of the ""Aliens"" movie are great but none of them were based off the first ""Alien"" movie.This game captures that feeling of the first movie perfectly. From the atomosphere to the technology in game, to the sound design and the look of the alien. Just like in the first movie you can't kill the alien. You are stuck with it the whole game and there's nothing you can do about it: except hide! You have several tools that you can use to outwit it; such as, motion tracker, noisemakers, pipe bombs, smoke bombs. The motion tracker is a great tool; however, when the alien gets close it can detect it's beeping. Knowing your environment and finding places to hide and/or escape is critical. The alien's A.I. is impressive. It's not following  a script. It can detect you by smell, noise, and sight. It also learns from your behavior. If it finds you are hiding in closests a lot and have gotten away...the next time it will start to explore the closests when it enters a room it thinks you're hiding in. It learns your tatics and adjusts its own to counter you. This is incredibly satisfying and refreshing to experience in a game such as this. There are no cheap scare tatics in this game. Sometimes I feel the alien knows I am in a room somewhere and is just waiting patienting for me to get anxious and come out of hiding. Or maybe act like it's leaving the room and then when I think it's safe to come out it's right back in there coming from a different direction. This element of the game is the most critical for the developers to get right and they did. Combining the alien with the atmosphere of the station creates an addictive game of cat and mouse.The story involves Amanda Ripley the daughter of Ellen Ripley. This is fifteen years after the events of the Nostromo disappearance. Amanda has been given a chance to get closure on her mother being gone by traveling to the station Sevastapol who have a flight data recorder from the Nostromo. Upon arriving they discover that something is very wrong and Amanda becomes stranded on the station.The story isn't very original but it is fun, and considering you're buying this game to have fun we really don't need something more. Even though it would have made the game better. The story still serves it's purpose and isn't a detriment to the enjoyment of the game.The other problems I have with the game is that the save points are too far apart. This forces you to constantly replay long portions of the game. Because of all the sneaking and hiding and trying to discover ways around the maze that Sevastapol is takes a lot of time. When you make a little mistake the game punishes you harshly. Also the game was long; however, having said that I can't think about a part of the story or game that I would want to take out.Overall this is an excellent game that I will play through again in the future. I give it a 95%."
76561198035989165,Recommended,214490,17269321,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Cruces,♥♥♥♥♥in my pants.
76561197972598546,Recommended,214490,17346227,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,NovusPrime,"Best horror survival game, and all dlc is where the fun is at ."
,Recommended,214490,17247052,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Valerigo,"This is a perfect sci-fi horror genre for people looking for something to play. The game itself may be extremely scary, but the expirience is worth it. The game also has an atmosphere which adds more reality to it."
,Recommended,214490,17196544,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Hyp3rSnip3rUK,"General VerdictIf you ain't a big girl's blouse, you'll bloody love this!The GoodThe graphics are fantastic; great lighting and mapping detail recreates those lurid corridors that are a staple of the Alien series. At times, when you enter a new area, you look to an imposing passage and think... ""Yeah let's not go down there!"". Additionally, the lo-fi sci-fi look of the environments have been implemented to great effect!Moreover, the audio is second to none. In most horror games, you can here scratchy bumpy noises in the background, but it's easy to pass it off as ambience - but in this game, it is genuinely the alien making those noises. The game is absolutely harrowing in this respect and I've never experienced anything like it! It also incorporates nostalgic, recognisable 70's sounds, but implements them using modern audio/music production techniques. As an audio technologist, I'm rarely blown away by stuff but this game hits the nail on the head. The audio team should be proud of themselves.The story is good, and the cyclical map design is really well thought out! The game's atmosphere provides constant suspence, which is embellished with jumpy moments. The way the Alien moves, and sounds, is creepy as hell. Nothing comes close to hiding under a table as that thing slinks past, with its jagged tail trailing behind.The game lets you explore a lot of the film's iconic moments for yourself. There are also welcome breaks from the alien, in various forms, which serves to provide good pacing, and maintains interest.The BadOne of my quarrels is that some of the controls (when playing with a keyboard and mouse) are nonsensical and unresponsive, or could have simply been implemented better... in irritatingly obvious ways. The game controls have obviously been designed for a console format, not PC. This can be stressful as a lot of sudden encounters require you to act quickly... but when an alien is creeping around a corner and you're battling with the controls, trying desperately to hide in a locker, it kinda ruins the fluid experience of the game. Half the time it feels like you are trying to thread a needle rather than play a game.Don't get me started on the ridiculous save system. The game relies on out-dated ""save stations"", which are sparesly populated. There is too much ground to cover between each save point. It's a good job the game has replay value, but to be honest, I feels like I've played it 10 times over in one sitting. Even when you find a save point (after half-an-hour of averting the alien) it might not even be safe to save because it could pop out a vent right behind you as you save!!! WHAT WERE THEY THINKING???Without giving much away, the ending was a blurry mess that I'm sure prompts most people to think their game glitched, only to replay the ending on YouTube, to then realise THAT was actually the ending... A blurry mess. Some people are saying ""Yeahhhh well, if you've seen all the films it makes sense""; as if to impose their somewhat superior knowledge of a fictional story (that to this day, hasn't actually been fully explained yet). My response being: I've seen all the films, and I can understand leaving stuff to the imagination, but there was A LOT more scope to provide a more ellaborate ending than that piece of ****. It's worth it for the rest of the game though. Totally."
,Recommended,214490,17243014,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Reaper,"Bought this game recently in a sale, and I wish I'd paid full price and got it when it was released. This is a must play for any fans of the Alien series and/or survival horror games."
76561198042628856,Recommended,214490,17096590,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Führer of Fun,This game is amazing and absolutely horrifying. It feels like walking around in the first movie. I wish I had the balls to play it more.
,Recommended,214490,17208312,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Leo,"I grabbed this and AvP as they were on offer.After completing AvP, I presumed this was some kind of sequel...I asked my mate if this was worth it, who said yeah... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't tell me it's Survival/Horror!But it was too late... I had to finish what I'd started...35 fearful hours later - mission accomplished, Ripley signing out."
,Recommended,214490,17847476,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Pug™,"Well that scared the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me for the whole thing. Reminds me of Bioshock kinda but with more stealth than fighting. Looks amazing and builds atmosphere flawlessly.Best game I've played in quite a while.9/10If you're a fan of Alien, pick this up next sale."
,Recommended,214490,17767355,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MisterBlister,"Atmospheric and tense, it's a game that doesn't just rely on its license to get by on familiarity alone.  The tension is built early so that when the Alien finally arrives it has real impact, and from that point on the game is very careful about changing up what you do/who you fight (or don't fight) to keep from getting too repetitive.  Hitting its high note emotionally with a couple of missions still to play, it does feel like it goes on just a little too long (with more of an emphasis on action/adrenaline) but the ending is well handled and makes for a satisfying experience."
76561198108914568,Recommended,214490,17806751,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Hogman the Intruder,"This game is absolutely amazing. The A.I. in this game are incredible and the alien will keep you on your toes throught the entire game. My favorite part of this game is how the alien (even when not around) is always around, there is never a dull moment in this game. 10/10 If you like the alien movies then you will love this even more!!"
,Recommended,214490,17783503,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SerialKillerPro,Awesome game. ending could have been better.
76561198154790982,Recommended,214490,14480426,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Stitch,"Alien: Isolation is not a fun game to play. As a game it is an incredibly stressful experience, quite possibly the most nerve-shredding I have ever had. It's also a pure master-class in adrenalin pumping terror that plays its audience like a violin and from the very moment you set foot on the doomed space station, the Sevastopol, you are thrust into a never-ending nightmare that is heightened to a fever pitch thanks to some incredibly polished production values that recreate a visually impressive playground that matches the set design of the original 1979 sci-fi horror classic to the tee, coupled with an equally impressive audio soundtrack that brings the stations every creak and groan to life with a thundering bass. Pure dread will be drilled into your bones turning your blood ice-cold when you finally hear the Xenomorph for the first time using the vents and ducts as her mode of transport and the sounds the Alien emits when nearby is blood-curdling. Alien: Isolation is hands down the most visually and aurally impressive game of 2014."
,Recommended,214490,15329003,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bosswave,"I am going to be fast. This game is amazing! Sound, graphics, everything is cool! BUT there is something I hate in the game and it is that you (Amanda Ripley) had like 10 000 000 plans getting out of the station and killing the Alien but all failed , it's stupid to try to do something 10 milion times and failing again and again."
76561198043991981,Recommended,214490,13207674,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Robots_FTW,Spooky Scary Aliens send shivers down my spine.69/10 would play again
,Recommended,214490,17406876,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ĐōƈƗōЯ ΣѵίḶ,"This game is intense!  From early on you can't help but get engrossed in the theme.  I played on hard and it was a challenge to stay alive!  The best Alien themed game I have ever played, highly recommend."
76561197969451188,Recommended,214490,12452639,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"9/10THE GOOD:Fantastic horror/sneaking game. Finally an Alien game that does the movie justice. The game is played from first person view. While you do find weapons, most of the time it is advised to stay hidden, as humans and androids are not to be trifled with. The Alien will kill you in seconds. The game succeeds in creating the atmosphere of the movies, where the protagonists are weak, but not helpless.Luckily there is a convenient crafting system that allows you to build things like smoke bombs and medkits. The other important aid is the motion tracker.  Though, while using the motion tracker your vision is blurred and it emits a beep, so it can alert nearby enemies.Graphic and sound ambience in this game are great, and they do a good job conveying the claustrophobic atmosphere on a space ship. Suprisingly even my humble Geforce 560 GTX runs this on ultra. The cohesive art style in particular is one of the best I have seen in a video game in years. Creative Assembly succeeded in transplanting the late 70s/early 80s art style of the original movies. Particularly the lighting in this game is phenomenal, and huge part why the deserted space station is so creepy. Very similar to System Shock 2 and Bioshock I in gameplay and emotional impact.THE BAD:Not much to say here. Apart from some glitches like floating weapons I didn't find any bugs. The save system could be annoying to some people who are spoiled by frequent auto saves in other games. This game does not hold your hand, and you need to find save terminals to save the game. Worse, it takes 3 seconds for a terminal to save, so make sure no one is around. I like the system, as it makes progress meaningful, and adds to the suspense.THE VERDICT:Game of the year for me so far. A game that respects the gamer and does not hold his/her hand. Your actions and decisions have real consquences, something that has become far to rare in video games. Gameplay and art style come together beautifully, just like in Bioshock I and Half Life 2. Worth the full price of admission in my mind."
,Recommended,214490,16182895,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Gerre,"Draws inspiration from the original movie, meaning more focus on stealth/survival rather than action. The Alien is very unpredictable and will actively hunt you down, causing lots of tense (and possibly frustrating) moments."
,Recommended,214490,12406723,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Bapzangi,2spooky
76561198025421510,Recommended,214490,12458539,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[444] S1ippyToad,"An absolute must have for fans of survial horror and the Alien franchise.It plays very similarly to Outlast and Amnesia, but you have more options on hand than just stelth. You're able to defend yourself to a reasonable degree which actually makes the game feel more immersive (since you don't have to just stand there like a dummy when you get cornered).Don't believe any of the negative reviews saying that the gameplay gets repetative. There's a constant stream of new items for you to gather and use so you're approaching each situation with a slightly different arsenal. True, you're going to mainly stick to hiding under desks and sneaking around, but that's like saying Halo is repetiative because you keep shooting things throughout the whole game."
,Recommended,214490,26908719,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NinjaNoksai,"Alien: ""Hey Buddy, need some help getting out of that hiding spot?""Seriously, best use of the Xenomorph in a game ever."
76561198041444828,Recommended,214490,17296026,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,GedLegend1983,"Best Alien game by far, full of atmousphere and everything the fans of this franchise (especially those of the first movie) have been waiting for."
76561198042516899,Recommended,214490,15847452,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Chad Thundercock,"The game is pretty scary, looks good and runs well but the ending....sooo damn dissapointing...."
,Recommended,214490,17100892,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,BooLayzie,Esc tapping simulator 2014.
76561197998205570,Recommended,214490,12477615,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Shadowhope,"You might fear the alien. That's understandable. It's bigger than you. It's faster than you. It has armor for skin and acid for blood. It's a predator. And so when it's around, you might be tempted to crawl or run or hide. That's totally understandable and natural for a prey animal. But you don't beat the alien by acting like some kind of belly-crawling worm. You don't beat it by hiding like a mouse. You're not going to live by running like a deer. It's a predator. It expects prey to do ♥♥♥♥ like that.You need to understand something very critically important: you are not prey. You are a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ human being. Homo ♥♥♥♥ing Sapiens mother♥♥♥♥ing Sapiens. You are the supreme alpha predator of the galaxy and the alien is just another animal. It aint got ♥♥♥♥ on you. It can't figure out fire. Humans figured out fire hundreds of thousands of years ago. Hell, the dumbass thing can't figure out doorknobs. Humans have figured out nuclear ♥♥♥♥ing fission. Humanity's natural place is at the top of every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ food chain. In the ♥♥♥♥-measuring contest of evolution you've got it beat by eight steel hard inches, and you're not even playing as a dude.Don't hide in a locker or cabinet. Don't flee like some wimpy rabbit prey animal. Walk, calmly and with purpose. Go to your objectives, and don't fear the alien, pity the alien. Because for all of that eggsuckers natural weapons, it can't science worth ♥♥♥♥. You're Amanda Ripley and you have the ability to science that ♥♥♥♥er to death. Science and engineering have put you on top of the foodchain. If you act like the predator you're meant to be, half of the time the alien doesn't know where you are, because it's too stupid to realize that it's the prey in this equation. You set lures and traps and the alien, being a lesser predator, falls for them. And if it's dumb enough to try to engage?You use humanity's oldest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ science against that animal. You unleash liquid hellfire. You weaponize humanity's oldest chemistry and give the alien a taste of alcoholic pain. You drop a pipebomb right under the vent that that dumb beast will drop out of and send it scurrying back to momma with its tail between its legs. And hell, then you kill its mother♥♥♥♥ing momma with science too.Science, ♥♥♥♥♥. It's what's for breakfast, lunch and dinner. served up by the galaxy's number one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ alpha predator.10/10."
76561198096024417,Recommended,214490,15115548,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MadGabQC,Game with a GREAT visual atmosphere and CRAZY sound design (horror game is nothing wihout good sound design!). Story is nothing amazing...but u dont play this kind of game for the story...u play it to scrap your pants. Would have really love a multi-player mode though. But thumb up for the scary moment! Cant wait to try it with a VR headset :D
,Recommended,214490,15259080,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,LYAK,Probably best single player game in the last couple years. ♥♥♥♥♥ cant touch my flamethrower
76561198105762034,Recommended,214490,15558731,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ImI,Sssssssst.. Don't make a sound..
,Recommended,214490,17292841,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mas Fruz,Its one hell of a thriller and a horror i think its the best alien game out there to date now
,Recommended,214490,13193920,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,[INDIGO]kiMMey,"Amazing, atmospheric, terrifying. This is the game Alien fans want. Some may think it drags on, but I enjoyed every second of it. Well, I say enjoy, but I don't know if that is the correct term. Scared out of my chair may cover it."
76561198095913157,Recommended,214490,12395486,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Smiley1094,"Just an amazing game, and really captures the atmosphere of the first alien movie."
76561197995268369,Recommended,214490,12412947,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Layla,"really good game, intense and keeps you alert and on your toes, quite scary the alien game ive always wanted! highly recommended"
76561198042245217,Recommended,214490,16870435,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,manatee321,"Great game, looks pretty, runs very well. The Alien has been doing lots of leg squats and is a proud endorsor of colgate white strips. Would recommend if you enjoy horror/puzzle games/stealthy games.Pros: Graphics, performance, Alien AI is awesomely terrifying, story and lore were on point, puts you in an Alien film with the overall setting and details of the environmentNeutral: The save system was my biggest challenge got very annoying at certain pointsOverall I enjoyed the game even though I'm not into the horror genre, the lore and atmospheare definatley helped to complete the game and got 21 hours out of it(I played it very slowly, very cautiously, and very conservatively)P.S- screw the working joes those things are mad creepyEDIT: PC SPECS- Intel i7 2600k, EVGA FTW GTX 670, 8gb RAM"
,Recommended,214490,13246187,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Shaved Ape,"Alien: Isolation is by far the most tense and frightening horror game I've played, and really captures the atmosphere of the first Alien movie.  Every thump or hiss will make you freeze and wonder if that was an alien crawling through the ducts, or just the sound of the station falling apart.Part of the reason Isolation is so suspenseful is that the alien AI is non-scripted and is constantly searching for you.  You can scare it away or fool it sometimes, but you will never kill it and no matter the difficulty setting or how many rounds of ammunition you have, you are always the bottom of the food chain.  Hiding and evasion are how you will survive.The only thing I don't like much is the control scheme, it's a little awkward on PC and even though you can customize it I never really found one that worked better than the default.  One word of warning: hard is HARD.  Truly, seriously, hard."
,Recommended,214490,13284437,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Webelix,25+ hours of scary fun.  I loved the experience. (5/5)
76561197970377885,Recommended,214490,26834414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SLoweCSL,"If stealthy is your modus operandi, then this is a game you can't pass up. This game should truly be hailed as a classic. Absolutely one of the most fun games I have played. It can be frustrating at times but that's what keeps you coming back to try a different tactic. Wonderful game and a must have for fans of the Alien movie franchise."
,Recommended,214490,17265838,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SaltySub,"""Game over man, game over!"" (You will literally find your self saying this many, many times. But it will be worth it)"
76561198067422783,Recommended,214490,12403525,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,premium lagger,"Visually I think this game is amazing (especially lighting effects), gameplay was a bit slow to start off with but after the alien appears it gets alot more intense, terrifying but also exciting. Its fun using the reactive A.I of the alien to kill hostile humans. Also this game runs really well on my system : Fx8120, HD7850, 4gb Ram on the highest settings with a good framerate which I found surprising as AC:IV runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and that game doesn't look nearly as good as Alien in my opinion."
76561197987123664,Recommended,214490,15119779,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Martial.Lore,"I am a big Alien fan. Big fan. Rather odd, actually, because as a child I used hide behind sofa cushions during the scary bits of Doctor Who and Star Trek. But when James Cameron's film Aliens came out at the movies I saw it twice in one day... so I guess I learned how to handle fear.Yeah. Right. This is how I handle fear now. First sight of the alien in Alien Isolation: break time. Now please. Next day--is that silvery slimy goop dripping from a vent I was about to walk under? OMG heart attack. Later, same day (but quite a bit later) security lockdown and flashing red lights: no, no, no, NO! Please no! No more. Please, I'm begging you!Right now I am seeking medical supplies in the Sevastopol medical center. Actually, I'm not. I'm writing this review. Not in game, you see. At present. Readers who've played the game will know exactly feelings what I'm dealing with at this point in time: Pure, unadulterated terror. And going into that vent was the worst thing to do. Absolutely the worst. Just dumb. Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb.What a game. Wow!"
76561198035916577,Recommended,214490,12395968,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,travis_perkins24,"great atmosphere and graphics, the ai is smart and is challenging as well as how the alien moves and interactes with you as you attempt to remain hiden. This games looks beautiful yet i am capable of running it on ultra settings with just 6gb ram, a 1g video card and an intel i5-2450m."
,Recommended,214490,26751377,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,IanPyst,"A good Aliens game. Its been a long time coming and a long time deserved, but it finally happened. I had given up after Colonial Marines.I can only hope we get a sequel or prequel to this, by the same people, as they got the atmosphere and gameplay down perfectly."
,Recommended,214490,14555329,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Grey Ogre,"In May of 1979 I was 13 years old. A science fiction and horror fan from a young age, Alien was something I wanted to see from the moment I saw that original cracking egg trailer. Sitting in that dark theater staring at the screen, I was hooked. I consumed any material I could get my hands on and became a life-long fan of both Ridley Scott and H.R. Giger. I even read the Alan Dean Foster novelization and wrote an over-written essay for my 9th grade English class. (And if you think my writing is long-winded now, it’s nothing compared to my younger, more exuberant work!)The world of Alien is one that I love to revisit. Whenever a new game in the franchise is announced, I get excited. When it was established that this game would be more survival horror than action and based primarily on the first movie, I got really excited. The bulk of the Aliens-based games so far have been action shooters, which is fine, I have nothing against a fun shooter of any genre. But the idea of going back to the first movie for inspiration, playing as Amanda Ripley on the quest for answers into the disappearance of her mother? I couldn’t wait to see if it would live up to my expectations.The “Crew Expendable” DLC was a perfect prologue to the main game. Playing through a part of the original story, and getting to wander around a very authentic version of the Nostromo was a great way to get the feel for what was to come. By the time I found myself on Sevastapol Station I was completely there, hanging on every noise and visual cue.Wandering the barren and riot-damaged station, knowing that at any point the Alien was going to show up but still having to get to where you needed to go was thrilling for me. I completely love what Creative Assembly did here, building an environment that felt so authentic to the 70’s idea of what life in the future would be. This sense of “retro-futurism” held up from start to finish. At one point I marveled at how similar the stairway in a public section of the station was to the then “state of the art” refurbished elevated train stations of my youth. I found myself stopping to check out the posted ads, each one a pastiche of a time when we imagined a life in outer space, where we lived on space stations and listened to recorded messages and music on our reel-to-reel tape players.Of course there wasn’t as much time for sight seeing as I’d have liked, seeing as at any turn you might be heading into trouble. The balance of threats and the way you encountered things other than the Alien worked well to break what could have been a monotonous “see the alien, run, hide” routine. And of course the Alien itself, who as advertised, forces you to change up your tactics as the game progresses. The claim is that as it's hunting you, it’s learning, and it sure seems that way. It would have been nice to see it closely examine a cabinet or locker where I might have been to really sell it. Maybe it did, though I never saw it. In it's relentless pursuit, I never felt safe unless I was locked into an elevator or transit car for the brief period moving between sections. After my first encounter with the creature, any time I lingered in a place too long it seemed to eventually drop out of a vent and (if I was lucky) send me cowering in a locker holding my breath.There’s a lot of talk about Alien: Isolation being too long but I’d disagree. We’ve all played games where it feels that the ending should have come a little earlier than it did, or where parts start feeling repetitious. I played this on hard, which meant a LOT of waiting under or in things and dying often (I even earned the “100 Times Too Many” achievement for dying 100 times.) My final play time was 43 hours, though I did do a bit of exploring and taking pictures. Creative Assembly did so much right with Alien: Isolation. The environments… the music… everything about the game felt so authentic to the source material that when the little homages popped up, or the story takes a twist, it never felt forced. And the ending came right when it should have.My finale with the game came with the “Last Survivor” DLC. Choosing to go out the way I came in, by revisiting a section of the original story. It’s a short piece, simply covering Ellen Ripley’s attempt to blow up the Nostromo while escaping on the life boat. Like “Crew Expendable” was for my start, this was a great way to finish my time in the Alien universe. For now at least.Alien: Isolation certainly isn’t for everyone. If you don’t like stealth games, aren’t particularly a patient player, or feel that you don’t want a game that might take longer than the average time to finish then by all means, steer clear. You’ll get nothing here but frustration. But if you aren’t afraid of a challenge, and can be patient enough to wait out a massive xenomorph who’s only thought is of killing you… Grab a copy, set the difficulty to hard and enjoy!"
,Recommended,214490,18802479,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Hovercraft,"I found I lack patience for this game.It was extremely frustrating (not scary, just plain old frustrating), specifically the hospital level. I quit and deleted the game. There is no way I can enjoy this game.The fact that there is no defence is really annoying. Hiding does not help either. The motion detector is bloody useless.This game is not for me.I chose ""Yes"" in ""Do you recommend this game?"" option for following reasons (even if I hated the gameplay):The game is beatuifully done.The linux support.The story.The game was solid (no crashes, glitches or performance issues).My lack of patience is not game's fault."
76561198026238895,Recommended,214490,17953236,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Woody,"Alien: Isolation is an excellent video game.Admittedly, it's more likely to strike a chord with pre-existing fans of the Alien Series, but that's not to say it wont provide for newcomers too.Here's my breakdown.PROS:+ A faithful homage to the original '79 film.+ A spellbinding atmosphere.+ Gorgeous visuals, complemented by a masterful sound mix.+ Amazing attention to detail creates a truly immersive experience.+ A unique and genuinely scary extraterrestrial antagonist, that keeps you guessing.+ An easy to utilize crafting system.+ Great character performances.+ An interesting plot with loads of fan-service.+ High-stakes. Think before you act.+ A real sense of vulnerability and isolation.+ DLC enables you to revisit the original '79 film, The USCSS Nostromo and her crew. The original cast reprise their respective roles in these cool add-ons.CONS:- Some minor graphical glitches (eg. floating props, clipping). These only occur rarely and are easy to overlook.- Pacing issues. The game is arguably, a little too lengthily. A [roughly] 15 hour campaign that could have been condensed into a more concise experience.- Somewhat repetitious. (Though, contextually - this makes sense.)- An abrupt, perhaps dissatisfying, conclusion.FINAL THOUGHTS:Creative Assembly has really done justice with the license - making this game a 'must-play' for Alien fans and a truly worthwhile endeavour for those players seeking some legitimate thrills and chills!This 'Haunted House in Space' is certainly worth a visit!"
76561198003382504,Recommended,214490,13435099,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,tekk_45,Love the complexity and difficulty of this game. This one will keep you on the edge of your seat.
,Recommended,214490,12453029,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,A Cat in A Box,"Very atmospheric, tension building Sci-Fi survival horror based quite directly off the first Alien movie.  It is paced very similarly to the first movie as well, which I liked a lot but probably doesn't sit well with someone who just wants to game.  It's definitely a step in the direction of using games as more of a medium for emotions than just a cool toy to play with.That being said as a game it's actually pretty average, or at least what I think should be considered a success.It sets the stage, builds the tension, and drips feeds you story through various cutscenes and emails to read.  It also gives you plenty of time to come to fear the Alien before actually letting it loose on you.It has it's faults, and things that could probably have been handled better.  Ultimately you do have to release something though, so design choices have to be made and the game can't be everything at once.  The game is Survival Horror, and the setting is a space-station quickly on it's way to space-hell, and you're not a marine or cyborg, just an average small fry Weyland-Yutani employee trying to survive.If you like a game that makes you dread each step you take away from a save station and curse when you are suddenly killed without a chance after a careful and deliberate advance then you'll like this game.  I like that kind of stuff because on reflection I realize there was more to what I could have been doing.  Planning and executing strategies usually pays off pretty well, and having good headphones/speakers so you can keep tabs on the noises in game will definitely keep you alive longer.RECOMMENDED!"
76561198014146141,Recommended,214490,15131847,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,"Alien: Isolation is beautiful, scary, haunting, chills you to the bone and makes it look and sound easy. The music throughout the game can really drive home the point, that only you can save yourself. Too do that you must out crawl, out hide, out smart the Alien. It's not easy most of the time. You will likely die many times but you learn from the mistakes. Go slow don't get under or around anything that looks like a vent. Do try not to make loud noises. No matter how many times I play A:Iso I still feel the chills down my spine. Or is it something dripping on me. Sigh not again.. at least buy me dinner first.."
,Recommended,214490,13986550,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,PARTYSMARTIE,Does the Alien franchise great justice! Would recommend to all.
76561197962525187,Recommended,214490,12799189,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,<SK> | Fëanor,"First off you will die. A lotSecondly, the game has excellent atmosphere that will make you feel like you're playing part of the movies it was based on (The GOOD ones anyways). Everything in the game looks painstakingly recreated from the original movie. Exceptional attention to little details and lots of call outs and shout outsThird, you will die, A lotFourth, They come up with some varied ways you can die! Try to collect them all kidsFifth, have I told you you will die yet?Sixth, the game manages to keep you constantly freaked out and on alert for what the heck could go even worse for youSeventh, the Alien's AI is amazingly well executed, it will learn and change its approach to confronting you, If you hide too much, it will find you, it will make you burn progressively more fuel in your flamethrower to scare it off and it will learn the places you like to go. You have to keep on your toes because if you die and come back, things may play out vastly differentlyEighth, YOU WILL DIE A LOTNinth, But the game never feels unfair, any situation you end up in is your own fault, it never feels like the game is outright cheating, Keep in mind in the movies the Alien was only dispatched with heavy weaponry or getting dumped out an airlock, Heavy weaponry, Wielded by a soldier, You are not a soldier. The Alien is the perfect killing machine. So yeah. Its not fair from the start."
76561198077523203,Recommended,214490,13972803,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,SubFiend,Cured my constipation10/10
76561198066870364,Recommended,214490,17120829,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dante_DK,"Great game. Thumbs up for graphics, sound, story and the whole atmosphere so far. I'd recommend getting it while it's on 75 % off sale.It's running smooth even on an old pc like mine.There are several adrenaline moments, though the sneaking around gets a little repetetive and in the way of simply exploring and enjoying all the detail of the game. It's not a bad thing, I just wish you could log in while the alien slept and the droids were recharging, to simply go around the base to enjoy the atmosphere and detailsAs with many other games I really think the pricing is out of hand. I'm not getting into production costs, just saying 50-60 euros for a game is a lot, for most teenagers and parents. I got it on sale instead, for 13 euros i think it was. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,214490,12867415,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Marmbo,"The game is too scary to play!  I've been enjoying the hell out of this game, graphics are right up there where they should be, sound design is incredible, controls feel very good and you'll have to buy new underwear due to the suspense.  16.6 hours on record, still have not finished it 6.2 hours in the last two weeks given its too scary to play for very long.  For me this is Game of the Year for 2014.Over 90 hours now of gameplay, finished it 3 times (Normal, Nightmare and Super easy mode) 100% Achievements. I only wish there was more DLC/Content for this game. If only this game had user created content available."
,Recommended,214490,12990971,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Blackwolfpt,"In Alien: Isolation you play as Amanda Ripley, as you try to find some closure about your mother's fate. You go to a remote free port space station called the Sevastopol, but you quickly realize that things went horribly wrong. As in the first movie, you only face a single Alien.The Alien's AI is pretty solid, he will easily spot you if he has a direct line of sight. Running is risky, as he will hear you and he easily outruns you. Even inside a locker, he can hear you breathe and the vents aren't safer, as he uses them himself. The Alien also one-hit kills you. While is behavior isn't scripted, he will always be in your general area.To help you, you are given a motion tracker, but as it does make a beeping noise, you must use it with caution. You also get a flamethrower, but ammo for it is very rare.The Xenomorph isn't the only threat, as robots become aggressive against everyone and hostile human gangs form inside the space station. To add to the overall tension, there are no checkpoints, you can only manually save the game in phone booths scattered across the station, so dying can mean going back and redo a considerable portion of the game.The graphics are outstanding with the lightning and steam effects perfectly fitting the theme. The retro futuristic style is perfectly nailed being in sync with the movies. The only negative part of the game for me was the ending, it largely hints a sequel or dlc and it doesn't give you any closure, and in a game where closure was so important, it ends up being a missed opportunity.Alien: Isolation might be frustrating at times, as you will die... a lot, but the constant tension and thrilling story make it one of the best games of 2014!"
,Recommended,214490,12465589,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Base Mage,"Worth the money. Lot of hours spent playing the campaing and I finally finished it. On the first time I had to sneak from the Alien I kept dying all the time. I was very frustrated but after I learned how the mechanics work and how different items can help me, I started to truly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,214490,18560182,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Saxxy AF,"Alien Isolation for myself was a amazing game to play... At least in my words.For starters the main story was good, taking a heavy role from the 3 Alien movies. Making it a heavy resembling factor while playing. For the most part I liked the survival missions more then the story just because I could do more then what I was limitted to in the story. Other then the game being 50$ and 14GB I found that Alien: Isolation was a game that I could enjoy and still enjoy if more addon development like more DLC or even a second game.P.S Make something like a human vs. alien type online game mode..."
,Recommended,214490,12457530,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Espaba,spooked my nuts off
,Recommended,214490,26432882,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Badger,"Spent most of my play time hiding under tables and in closets, occasionally crawling slowly from point A to point B. Really good attention to detail in these enclosed areas, almost as if the devs knew what players would be spending most of their time staring at.10/10, would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again."
76561198123648229,Recommended,214490,13456523,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Vio-lence™,Ayyyyy guuuuueeeeyyyyy
,Recommended,214490,12402173,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,MrGoat,Finally a good Alien game. They nailed the atmosphere perfectly!
,Recommended,214490,12506069,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,xaviersteve,so creepy and scary the alien is very smart and i find it hard to sneak around it even on easy 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12639618,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Farker Pepe,How 2 play with AliensStep 1 : Hunt for AliensStep 2 : Get a hammerStep 3 : Run into an alien and hit it.This is why my game is never finish.
76561198065557612,Recommended,214490,13263009,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Alien,"Alien: Isolation may be a turnoff to players (more notably ones who aren't a fan of 'Alien') just entering the Survival/Horror genre, due to its enourmous campaign of high difficulty, intense, nerve-wracking suspense and occasional pants-ruining jumpscares. However, for Survival Horror veterans and Alien fans alike, Alien: Isolation is a visually beautiful, smoothly controlling, complex game that returns the franchise to a time when the notion of killing a single Alien was virtually impossible."
76561198138026414,Recommended,214490,15319762,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,cowandbird,"( HINT ) play this game in the dark and with headphones ! not many games have made me crap my pants as much as this one ! looks amazing, sounds amazing and if they had have cut the game 10 hours shorter i would have given it 10/10 but sneaking around hiding in lockers for 10 mins at a time scared out of my pants got a bit repetative. 8/10 still well worth the $ ."
,Recommended,214490,15243071,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Irish bagel,"This is an awesome game with a great feel and sence of creativity. Don't expect to beat it in one night, it took me over 20 hours to get through the game for the first time playing on the Hard difficulty. With that said, the story never got stale for me so I was always wanting to get back on and finish it. At some points though, the game would crash when I was killed and so I would just have to start it back up again. (This only happened a few times) The last problem I had was very late in the game when a load sequence wouldn't ever finish. All you have to do is lower the video resolution a bit and then attempt to load again, and when it finished loading you could turn the resolution back up to how you had it. Overall this was a great game with good mechanics and character design, the Xenomorph is very menacing. 9/10 Would recommend."
,Recommended,214490,13914173,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The Whether Man,"One of the best game experiences I've had in quite a while! The alien is the centerpiece of this game. It's fast, unpredictable, smart, and aggressive. My first playthrough (and only one so far) was on hard difficulty, being that it's the recommended level. I would recommend that as well if you're confident in yourself for horror games. :D The visuals and atmosphere are awesome,minor spoiler example at the bottom. Seriously, play this game if you're a fan of any of the following: awesome games, horror, aliens, satisfying gun mechanics, well-done crafting system. After seeing the reviews some of the critic sites gave it, I no longer have what little faith I had in them (looking at you IGN, GameSpot), so do yourself a favor and don't put any weight in their scores.Pros/Cons:+ The alien and its AI+ Fantastic atmosphere and visuals+ Effective sounds create great ambience+ Faithful to source material---- Minor pacing issues (nothing major)- Sometimes I wasn't able to get in a locker or vent for a moment because the prompt didn't appear- Wish that being locked into animations wasn't a thing,such as with terminals and hacking, so that I could get moving quickly when the alien suddenly appearedMinor spoilers possible below:When you open the door to the central reactor, it was literally awe-inspiring. The huge tesla columns discharging periodically in the enormous dark room, with the condensation raining down was a masterfully-made environment."
76561197992687121,Recommended,214490,12478890,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Robbo (AR),"Captures the atmosphere of the first Alien film perfectly. I've had many a brown trouser moment thanks to this game.The save point system , whilst initially a pain soon becomes an integral part of the game - making you more frightened of dying and having to restore an earlier save.I'm terribad at stealth games normally but I fully recommend this game , it's a 'must have' for any fan of the first film."
,Recommended,214490,13523849,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jdavid.net,"I highly recomend this game.  I works well for the Oculus DK2 if you can find the hack to modify the ini-file.  Becareful not to turn on too much buffering to create smooth 60+fps, low latency in Rift is better than high framerate.This game is amazing, and has me skweeing around ever corner.  It build suspense like an older horror film an let's the enviroment creep into you.  I can give this game enough praise."
,Recommended,214490,15212770,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,✯C0N0R,"This is a realy good looking game ,very well polished and has a very emersive and scary story line and recomend it to anyone looking for a emersive campaign."
76561197991283580,Recommended,214490,15214772,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Always an even exchange,"Wow, what a game. As a fanatical lover of the first two alien movies and the concept itself, I can soundly say that Alien: Isolation got it right. Atmosphere makes a horror game, and not only is Isolation's atmosphere horror-inducing, it fits perfectly with the world of Alien. There were multiple interactive systems that made savastapol feel very much like a real space station, and the visuals were fantastic.As a person who doesn't normally love scary games, I had to turn the difficulty down for my own sake. That said, the story experience was great and fullfilling due to the constant sense of danger around every corner. The alien lurks as a consistent threat, always in a nearby vent or in the next room.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,15250857,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Vademeer,"A very thrilling experience that keeps you thinking and adapting to outsmart the Alien that lurks in the shadows. If you like difficult, yet rewarding gameplay then you'll love Alien: Isolation."
76561198059171343,Recommended,214490,15245135,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,The Last Zaku,"TLDR; 9/10 ""Great for Alien fans, and anyone else who likes stealth, horror, or scifi.""I will start by saying that I waited way too long to play this. After the tragedy that was Colonial Marines, and some shoddy reviews I'd heard about this title, I was apprehensive to say the least when approaching Isolation. I must say that it was so very wrong of me to wait.Isolation starts off slowly, building as it teaches you the basics. Before you realize it, you are crawling around like a little kid, staring at your motion tracker as you frantically search for a desk to hide under. This game presents Alien fans with the ultimate version of Hide and Seek.However, the Alien isn't the only threat. Killer robots and desperate survivors will block your path at varying intervals. There are several segments of the game where you'll have little fear of being hunted by the xenomorph. Alas, those damned bots will do their best to choke the life out of you if you let them.There is some crafting, but if you are like me, you used most of your resources to make medkits, and noisemakers. I went through almost the entire game without making more than one of any advanced craftables.By the midway point of the game, you will likely start feeling pretty confident with yourself and the fear will wear thin a bit. The introduction of some weapons in the late game will shift your experience from one of hiding and hoping, to one of untouchable confidence. This feeling comes and goes with certain events in the game. The last couple of hours are by far my very favorite. from start to finish, the game does very well at keeping things tense. In summary, this is one for stealth, survival horror, and Alien fans alike. If you haven't already checked this one out, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,15245153,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Anomalous Qualia,"Amazing stealth and horror game, and a real treat to those who enjoyed the Alien film."
76561198204214760,Recommended,214490,15441294,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,EZsteve,thisisarealcoolgame
,Recommended,214490,15552426,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TheMetalOne,"I personally didn't enjoy it, but I acknowledge that it is a huge victory for the franchise.The game is beautiful, from beginning to end. It's plenty scary as well. The reason I couldn't get into it mostly came down to the atmosphere it cultivates. It's all about making you feel as powerless as possible. You have weapons, but even 5 hours into the game, they're pretty much just for show. If things get really desperate, you could waste 90% of your extremely limited ammo killing one of the robots that make up the huge majority of this game's bad guys, but that usually just ends up attracting more of them.I'm not knocking this game for what it is, because i knew about it going in...i guess i just thought i'd have more fun in it. I love horror games, but stuff like Dead Space is more my thing. Basically, I want to face the monsters/aliens/whatever, but I want to have a chance to fight my way through them. If that's the way you feel too, I wouldn't buy this one.This is a stealth game. I don't mean that in the way that games like ""Splinter Cell"" use it. This game is extremely unforgiving, and I never encountered an enemy that couldn't easily kill you if a mistake was made. If caught, trying to run and hide can make things worse, because there is no shortage of enemies here, and you'll most likely run into one while trying to escape another.If you like games like Amnesia, Slender, or any of the other horror games that rely on making you as defenceless as possible to amp up the tension and scares, you will LOVE this game.It's well made, it's beautiful, it's what Alien games always could have been...it just wasn't for me."
,Recommended,214490,15126199,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,entspeak,"If you are a fan of Alien (1979), this game is for you. It recreates the tension of that film through its game mechanics. It isn't perfect - there are some odd bugs that CA seems to have chosen to ignore, the scripted sections can seem stale at times and oddly staged, and it can be argued that the game may be overly long. But, it is an incredibly tense game - it gets your heart racing. I found it incredibly hard at times (on Hard and Nightmare), but definitely worth it. As a fan of stealth games and the survival horror genre, I enjoyed it immensely. Nightmare Mode adds an additional challenge by removing the map and the health/ammo bar as well as further reducing the availability of resources and making the humans, synthetics and creature more challenging. It's not a recommended first playthrough choice, but definitely worth the second playthrough.The DLC is another issue. Aside from Crew Expendable and Last Survivor (which give you the chance to play some iconic moments from the Alien film), the DLC don't live up to the game itself. Immersion is diminished by added HUD elements cluttering the screen. The time-based Survivor Mode adds a competitive element to the game which just seems out of place. Yes, you get to play as some of the different characters in the station, but even that can seem odd. Lost Contact, for example, allows you to play a character who faces a creature that, in the game, he states he's never seen. It would've been much more interesting to see him tackle human and synthetic obstacles. The Nostromo DLC is fantastic and rooted and very much fit the style of the game. Of the others, Safe Haven is the one I would recommend Because its Salvage Mode is a bit more in keeping with the style of the game. Lost Contact is also Salvage Mode and may be good if you can get past how it completely contradicts the game's storyline.Despite some beautiful visual designs that really capture the 1979 vision of the future, there are issues with things like Anti-Aliasing, poor SLI support and some strange glitches; but, for me, it didn't detract too much from the game. Though, it is frustrating that the developers have done nothing to address these issues and other glaring bugs. These issues aside, the game is very well optimized and can run well on many older machines.If you're looking for an FPS where you get to kill a bunch of aliens, this isn't for you. If you're expecting something along the lines of the AvP franchise, this game isn't for you. This is a Survival Horror game and, in my opinion, is one of the best in the genre at the moment. One which I wish the developers had been willing to give more support to in terms of bug fixing."
,Recommended,214490,15481388,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mullac25,is gud
,Recommended,214490,15164785,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Conqy,"The Good: Incerdibly tense atmosphere, beautiful level design with a wonderful retro future art style that works well with the games mechanics. Manual Save system is a wonderful throwback to horror classics like Resident Evil. The sound design is brilliant, you could almost play the game blindfolded and navigate around the monster just by the sounds it makes.Can't give enough praise to The Alien itself which truly feels like a real living organic hunter. It's scary, it's unpredictable, and it's toying with you.The Bad: Characterization of Amanda is weak and she's not given much oppertunity to devlop or go through a character art. Very weak ending. Not to spoil it, but it's basically a glorified quicktime event which doesn't jive well with the rest of the game's organic exploration feeling at all.Bottom Line: There are some flaws to this game but overall underneath the beautifuly terrifying sci-fi horror lies a very solid stealth/spy action game with interesting unpredictable enemies. Still one of the best games I've played. Very worth your time."
76561197975811357,Recommended,214490,12764488,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Johnny Bravo,"This is probably THE best game I have ever played(and I have played ALOT)! The atmosphere is amazing, the story is good so far(only 15hrs in), some of the levels are very difficult before you get how it works, but that was just awesome when you got past it!I am a die hard alien fan, but I believe that everyone who likes the survival horror genre will be satisfied!And yes, this game really leaves me scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, really..."
76561198172956093,Recommended,214490,15648091,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Razorman8276,"So far, ""Alien Isolation"" is the best Alien game, and one of the most intense, spine-tingling, ""WHAT THE F**K!!!"" inducing survival-horror  games I've ever played. (Read below for further detail)Pros:- Alien Isolation's story is the perfect follow-up to the original movie, ""Alien"".- The enemy AI (especially for the alien) is very adaptive and unpredictable.- You are never equipped to efficiently overpower your enemies, thus requiring adaptive use of your environment and resources for a stealthy evasion.- Although, you can hide from the alien, it will find you if you remain in the same area.- You can neither damage nor kill the alien, however, you can briefly distract or even intimidate it using your resources and environment.- Androids have incredible durability and strength, so it's best to avoid confrontation. (white optics/eyes = passive, red optics/eyes = hostile)- The alien will hunt other human survivors in the area.Cons:- The in-game animations have a tendency to get choppy at random moments, thus briefly breaking immersion.- I've noticed some enemies (so far, only humans) infrequently glitch into the environment. (just walls and objects)Pros/Cons:- The main campaign is about 10 to 14 hours, depending on your level of cunning and adaptability. Some people may think this length is tedious or boring, but I personally expect a lengthy campaign for a $60 game.- About a third of the campaign is focused on surviving/escaping hostile androids and extremely paranoid human survivors. Although I enjoy having to adapt to these human/android/alien intervals, some people may find this aspect frustrating, which I can somewhat understand.I am certain the minor cons listed above will be fixed in the upcoming sequel(s) due to the success of the GOTY awarded original.Now for my final verdict: I give ""Alien Isolation"" an overall 9/10!PS, I play my games offline most of the time due to my currently slow internet service, so my visible game stats are very inaccurate."
76561198055438834,Recommended,214490,18175059,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Liljobo7,"Outstanding game, had me on edge whole time. Excellent atmoshpere, and the ""set"" is outstanding reallys feels like you are on an industrial space station. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,17937566,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Azasel,"I feel like this game brings actual scare back. It seems to me most ""survival horror"" games are more like slasher films and feel closer to a hacknslash or cod/doom zombies game that spend more time attempting to make you gasp at creative gore rather than actually trying to scare you. This game will literally have you doing those two things.1) Attempt survival2) Cringe in horror as you attempt survivalI constantly find myself making funny faces at this game and holding my breath its very fun. If you enjoy getting scared I'd recommend this game.Also on a side note like any scary movie or game if you play this while you stream or with many friends in the room its much less scary. You will still probably jump but do your self a favor and turn the lights off put on a head set and get lost. Caution: If you do this you may hit some one/crap your self if they try to touch your shoulder and you don't see them in your peripheral first."
,Recommended,214490,18705950,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Riot,"Alien: Isolation is the most tense game I've ever played, and the best Alien game I've ever played.Everything about the game's sound, lighting and level design perfectly suits the feel of the original movie: Air vents hiss, corridor lighting systems noisily sputter to life when you enter them, and a generator's start-up routine makes *far* too much noise when you're trying to hide yourself from the terrifying creature that's audibly prowling it's way through the next room seeking you! When everything inevitably starts going to hell, the atmosphere only ramps up with some great atmospheric effects, (smoke, fire, space debris ""dinking"" against your helmet whilst outside the silence of space surrounds you)I can't recall the last time a game genuinely made me fear for the life of it's main character, and usually I'm pretty blasé about whether they get to live or die. In some games I'll even seek death out as a lazy alternative to quick loading. It's testament to this game's designers and the main character's voice actress that almost every death (whether it was at the hands of the alien or something else) was something I'd desperately tried to avoid.Another brilliantly immersive thing about the design is the fact that you're playing as an engineer / civillian, not some gung-ho Space Marine, so plenty of effort is made to make you *feel* like a fish out of water when it comes to combat and the exploration of an unfamiliar and old fashioned station: Shotgun shells (when you *get* a shotgun) need to be reloaded one at a time, there's no ""jump"" button. (The spacebar instead brings up the all important motion tracker which again, is perfectly transposed from the movies.), the bolt gun requires a good 3-4 seconds to charge up before it'll aim straight, and even the task of opening certain doors can involve pressing two mouse buttons at once followed by a key combination.Being forced to wait, to take time doing or building things, (even saving the game!) and carrying out finger gymnastics to open doors actually adds to the immersion. Nothing comes easy, everything *feels* like you're fighting against the odds, and it masterfully manages to keep everything about the game balanced on a knife-edge.Pretty long. It took me about 22 hours to complete the 18 chapters, though the nature of the game's hazards means a lot of time is spent playing hide and seek with the alien and the other denizens of Sevastapol Station. Also you *know* that every plan concocted by the crew you're in radio contact with is going to go awry in some way whilst the game contrives to turn what should be simple tasks into matters of life-and-death.Get it if you love Alien, Survival Horror, or just brilliantly crafted videogames."
76561197977699988,Recommended,214490,18717969,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,German Herman,"Brilliant game, buy it! Make SEGA want to fund a sequel. Do it for your good, old friend German Herman."
76561197990663255,Recommended,214490,18717292,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Manuel Hung,"Absolutely fantastic game. Most scary monster in gaming history, and you cant kill it..If you are an Alien film fan, this is a must buy as it takes you through the Nostromo with incredible sets and rather annoying incredibly strong androids.  when you get killed by the Alien you wont want to look at the screen as its terrifying.Highly recommended you play in the dark. Makes Dead Space series look like a joke."
,Recommended,214490,18717532,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Revieved Webby,"Okay, so I'm not that far into the story yet... The reason why?Actually it's a good thing (depending on how you look at it)...I can't progress through (*SPOILERS ALERT*) the medbay to get a keycard, not because there's a glitch or anything but simply because this freakin' game scares the crap out of me. Xenomorphs aren't the friendliest of creatures even when armed with a pulse rifle and whatnot but when all you have is some simple revolver and a maintenance jack... you are absolutely powerless against it and the fear is real. So to put it simply, I cannot progress because I crap my pants everytime.To be honest, this game truly deserves the awards it has won. I'm not saying this because I am a huge fan of the franchise but heck, the atmosphere this game builds, the fear factor, the way it controls, the way the Alien moves, everything about it, is excellent. And to top it off, it looks god damn beautiful! The lighting, the textures, the sounds, it's all god damn gorgeous.Would I recommend this game? Hell yes, 10/10.Will you crap your pants? Most definitely!"
76561197992805753,Recommended,214490,18562486,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Echos,From playing This game i have learned that i should be awarded the Purple Chicken with Yellow Belly Clusters (if you get that reference you get bonus points). But it is a fun game to play if you like scary games.
,Recommended,214490,15261447,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Michael2499,One of the best games of 2014 Hands down. This is not a letdown and the only alien game worth the money. Dream come true. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12394682,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Alien Isolation,Is another game, as you might have figured out already, set in the Alien universe. This time however, you're not a member of the Colonial Marines, or some other armed, private, military force. This time you're, as in the first movie, a normal person. A normal person trying to stay alife after things have gone wrong. Terribly wrong.Without trying to reveal anything that could spoil the story for any new players, you can be assured of a movie quality gaming experience. Which is so good, so top nodge, you won't find another first person shooter that does it as good as Alien Isolation.Everything in this game is AAA quality. The story, NPC and player character development, atmosphere and setting, sound effects, gameplay, writing, extra content, just everything.Alien isolation does what many games of a similar kind are not capable of, giving you the feeling that you're in indirect danger and that you've got to think about every step you take. This game delivers all along the line.The immersion within this game is so movie like, that you're sometimes forgetting that you're actually playing a game; it's just that good.And with the upcomming DLC's, Alien - Isolation could well be on it's way to become the best game of 2014 and setting a new standard in first person games quality.Creative Assembly shows that they're not only good at developing strategy games by entering the realm of the first person games. There's a new kid in town and it makes a hell of an entry.Final verdict:Although the price is on the, rather, steep side. Alien - Isolation justifies it as soon as you start the game. Everything about this game drips with high development cost and high quality; rarely to be seen at this level."
,Recommended,214490,17234614,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Origgidy,This game is for anybody looking for their heart rate to go from 70 bps to 124 bps in about .72 seconds. (bps = beats per second for those of you that didnt know)
,Recommended,214490,17562253,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,lancer,10 bricks out 10. Would sit in a locker again.
76561198028408983,Recommended,214490,12409497,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Bloodmatic,"TL;DR This game is amazing. Makes the Alien really scaryRipley: 'They cut the power'Hudson: 'WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY CUT THE POWER?! THEY'RE ANIMALS MAN!Should you buy this? Yes, yes you should. I can't remember the last game that made the Alien actually seem more than a really strong zombie but in this, it's a real monster. You can't just shoot it to death, you can't burn it to death and damn it's cool if you try to kill it with a wrench; but it won't work. More than that, it's intelligent and cunning. It'll lay in wait for you, sniff you out and kill you or maybe even feign not seeing you just to come up from behind. As of writing this I'm not far into the game but damn is it fun!"
76561198126779918,Recommended,214490,16756460,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,KRAZE8,"Think you can do better than the characters in the movies?  Now you are the character trying to survive in this one!  Details in this game are amazing!  Visuals, sound, ambiance are fantastically accurate!  Will you be the hunter, or huntee?  Still find myself making mistakes, thinking like a movie character.  Oh, sure, you can hide in the locker, the Alien won't smell you sweatin, R-I-G-H-T-!!!!  Neighbors are still making fun of me because they thought someone was getting murdered in my apartment.  Wasn't me officer... lol!"
,Recommended,214490,13845875,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BenderNYC,"After nearly 3 months I finally beat this game on the normal difficulty setting. No other movie/sci fi license has had a game do it justice the way CA did justice to the Alien franchise. From the lighting/music/sound...it is simply perfect.I'm probably one of the only few folks on Steam who has actually seen the original Alien in a theater so I can truly say I have been waiting 35 years for this game...Thank you CA. It took a strategy developer to get it right, go figure...AMAZING!"
76561198035983521,Recommended,214490,13506838,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,tyrant8100,spooky
76561197996968020,Recommended,214490,13698691,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,NoBesmerNoCry,"The taste of the first two Alien movies, and balanced like %75 Alien, %25 Aliens. Makes you watch the quadrilogy again.Survival is balanced, yet you curse Mr. Alien a lot. Just when you think you are safe, they jump down from the nearest vent. Puzzles are fairly easy, and hiding from the alien is half patience and half luck. Sometimes you may load your game for an hour in hard modes.Although being a console port, it looked well optimised for my midrange laptop. Never complained about performance on high gfx with no AA. Mouse lag is massive though, but you don't need to aim a lot like a shooter.Just when you think game starts to be repetitive or boring, setting and main aspect changes and playing experience refreshens.If you are even a remote Alien fan, not a die-hard one, this is a must buy game for you.PS: Surround headset is a must for immersion."
,Recommended,214490,13813537,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Pallid,"Not for weak hearted individuals. This game is amazing and very thrilling. Not many games these day's can get my blood pumping anymore.. this one goes above and beyond. I'm a huge fan of the original film and i can honestly say that i consider this to be a true succession to the story and addition to the canon of the Alien universe. This game stays true to the amazing Lo-Fi SciFi art style and makes you feel like you're walking around the set of the original film. If you're at all curious about this game I say buy it.Many people had a hard time getting through this game because of the advanced Ai that the alien possesses. While its true, the Ai is very strong and intuitive its not all-knowing or impossible to beat. The game will give you tips on the loading screens.. one of them is to ""keep moving"" and do it ""quietly"". This is the best piece of advice you can take. Just because you hear bumping in the vents doesnt mean the alien is about to jump out at you.. its just reminding you that its there. 90% of the time you will have plenty of warning to either deter the alien or hide. Be careful not to use your motion detector when an enemy is close and be careful not to bump around world objects as the noise will also attract enemies. Walking around the corridors while out of sight is perfectly safe (though scary). Thats the thrilling part.. just keep walking... stay on the move. That's all I'll say the rest is up to you.NVidia users might have issues with the AA graphics options. You can turn them on and they will make a difference in picture.. its just not super effective. So no matter what you set it to you'll still have jagged edges unfortunately. Best solution of AA in this game for NVidia users at the time I'm writing this review is to downsample from 4k with AA turned on. If your graphics card can't handle that the game is still very pleasing to the eyes regardless of AA."
76561198014643908,Recommended,214490,12973061,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Opus Kan,Alien: Isolation has nailed the terror that the first movie creates and leaves you alone with one of the best horror enemies I have played against in years. There can be some frustration from some design choices and very small glitches from time to time but the game does not hold your hand which I find refreshing for a triple-A title. Creative Assembly has made a great game with excellent tension that forces you to think on your feet and a decent story set in an amazing location worthy of the Alien franchise. Every horror or Alien fan needs to play this.
76561197970825416,Recommended,214490,14513298,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Wags,"Brilliant, atmospheric survival horror game faithful to the original 1979 movie in its production values, which the developers absolutely nailed. Played mostly in the dark with headphones was often intense and at times quite stressful. Main criticism is it did feel drawn out towards the end."
76561198045054264,Recommended,214490,13895867,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BarbWireBiscuit,Best movie game I've played since Goldeneye on Nintendo 64.
76561198032492011,Recommended,214490,14433164,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,what a guy™,"This is how you actually make AND release a game properly:You develop a decent plot;You make the game with respect to (if there is any) its universe and a fanbase;You include DLC's that get players from 100% of experience of the game to 110%! Not god damn 70 to 75 and etc. and etc.!!!!Profit, everyone's happy.For Alien franchise fans - a must have! :)"
,Recommended,214490,14261999,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Desert Rose,"SO! a public review shall we. as of writing this i havent gotten that far ""far enough that mister bruce is hunting me... bruce for those who dont know is an alien. for those who do know dont let bob get you or youll answer to mister shotty"" anyway! the game looks absolutely gorgeous and it runs like a dream like im not joking here it runs so well on my rather mediocre machine ""im maybe in the middle of the recommended maybe a bit below"" and im getting smooth frames on ultra. the game has a very pleasing 70s sci fi theme on it and it works very well for it its neat seeing all kinds of lights and dials knobs and levers its what you would expect from the alien universe. you play as amanda ripley sent to sevastopol to get some closure about your mothers disappearance ""specifically a flight recorder"" having the story set up you head out and soon after ariving things turn pear shaped preatty quickly and you will soon find yourself scavenging to survive and hoping to god that android/human/alien didnt just spot you behind that small crate you decided to hide behind. the ai is brutal even on normal where it will spot you even in preatty much pitch blackness and combat is even more ruthless as a few shots will do you in quickly if you are not careful. the game has a few drawbacks mainly quick time events ""they are relatively rare however phew"" as well as going back and forth multiple times in an area for things that could have been located at the same area. that being said this game is quite amazing not far in you will bite at your tongue in tenseness listening to the dull thuds of the alien walking right past your cover hissing and drooling hoping not to be spotted. the voice acting in this is quite good though the ""english"" ones could be a little bit better but what do i know about that :P theres a wide variety of crafting recipes but you need to find the blueprint to said recipes ""dont you forget the healthkit blueprint early on or you are screeewed"" ammo is extremely rare and you wont really be carrying a lot of it ""not that you are going to be using it really its just for emergencies"" think of this game as amnesia in space... just better... in every single way ^^ true alien fans will adore this game most likely and even people who arent too familiar will find themself crapping their pants from terror in this. it has no real jump scares like certain other ""horror"" games that every popular youtuber has done to death instead it relies on audio/visual and the occasional psychological terror. that feeling of getting hunted is quite an exquisite feeling when it comes to horror. sets you on edge all the time. the alien will hunt you. the alien will kill you. again and again. you are the prey after all >:3 get used to it as you will have to hide from the xeno throughout almost the entire game. i would definetly recommend this to people who are looking for a horror set in space as this gets it perfect in that regard. hell some might even argue its the best alien game we have had since avp2 ""altho that might just be me who adore avp2"" i wholeheartedly recommend this ""and no i wont give a pointless point score"" and it deserves to be in everyones library who adores horror :) if you are still wondering wether to pick it up either wait until it goes on a sale or look up a lot of vids and proper reviews ""aka non paid for ;) if they did that"" if you have read this far i hope that this has helped with just a bit of your curiosity. if not i recommend you read further in other peoples review as some are a lot better at it than me ""wich i will be the first to admit""excuse any misspellings or just plain bad grammar. english is not my first language ""and i never bothered to learn all the finer details that ones on me! xD least im understandable!"" dont let preston find you"
76561198167715966,Recommended,214490,14369902,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Gaddar,Gayet guzel.
76561197973037073,Recommended,214490,14478181,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ARXON,"I'm getting pretty close to finishing this game using the Oculus Rift DK2, and it is absolutely amazing. If you are curious on how to enable rift support just search for DK2 in steam guides and there is a russian guide that is easy to follow (even without a translation). Basically you edit two lines in a text file, use task manager to kill OVRServer_x64, and just run the game before OVRServer_x65 comes back up. There are also good guides on reddit to enable rift support, but I use the steam one since it actually was the simplest and most reliable.Graphics (9/10): The game engine looks great in the rift (or not in the rift), and is easily one of the best looking games I've played in 2014.The death scenes when the alien kills you are well done and really varied. The special effects are some of the best I've seen esspecially: the sparks, the lighting/shadows, and fire/smoke.  It ran great on one or two 780s in SLI, and it runs great on my upgraded setup of just one 980. Some of the effects aren't made for the DK2 (cryo effects are replicated in both eyes making it look not 3d), but nearly 90% of the game looks amazing in the DK2.  The U/I though and game text can be hard to read in the Rift and some text will require you to close one eye to read.Controls (7/10): Controls are fine by default, but I did have an issue with the crafting system. Its just way too tidious to craft, and when there is an alien stalking you the last thing you want to do is mess around with the crafting menu. Really though you don't need to craft very much to play through the game.Game play (9/10): Best alien AI in a game yet. Legitimatly scary experience as this thing stalks you. It can be cheezy sometimes as it spawn or objective camps, but mostly it is reasonable. It can find you in ducts, in lockers, or under desks so be careful. It did bug out once and was unable to get me from under a table, but other than that it was awesome.DLC (5/10): The DLC, especially the surviver mode DLC that is included in the season pass really isn't worth it. Its just extra maps in the survivor mode which is just more of the main game style gameplay. However, the other DLC that includes real voice overs from the orginal movie is AWESOME but its NOT INCLUDED IN THE SEASON PASS for no good reason. Very misleading ""season pass"" so buyer beware. It would have been nice to see some co-op in the DLC instead of just rehashing the main game without actually adding any value.Overall (8/10) buy this game if you have a rift, like the alien franchize, or just want to be scared. Its just well done. CA did a good job overall and I can't wait to see what happens next with this franchize."
,Recommended,214490,12528048,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,DJPrendo,"In the world of Alien: Isolation, the developers at Creative Assembly have cast off expectations of space marines and machine guns, instead dropping players into the role of Amanda Ripley. It is Amanda’s goal to seek out evidence of her mother Ellen’s disappearance, but she soon finds herself following in her mother’s footsteps, running for her life from a lone Xenomorph in a crippled and isolated space station.it was 20 minutes in that the advice of the recently-released E3 trailer for Isolation bubbled to the surface: Run, Hide, Survive. Escaping an alien killing machine without the aid of a machine gun, it seems, will be a situation in which cowardice, not courage, will lead to success. And even if Amanda Ripley is granted access to some weapons, using them is not an ideal strategy.Stealth is the only viable option, and reacting as if a Xenomorph had walked through any door in the real world. Crouch behind cover, hide in lockers, scramble through ventilation shafts, and above all, do so quietly. The truly random decision-making powering the AI creature is beyond question, as our half-hour with the game showed virtually no repeated pathing or behavior. And while that’s good news for some diehard fans of terrifying games, it’s a fact anyone interested in playing Isolation must realize.When caught in the midst of an escape – with the music’s bass throbbing in tune with the ‘beeps’ of Ripley’s iconic motion tracker, or the sudden swells when the creature closes in – it’s hard to appreciate all the small touches. The game’s lo-fi approach to future technology perfectly captures that of the 1979 film, and set designs sell the idea that Isolation is squarely grounded in the movie universe."
,Recommended,214490,13289137,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Warp,"Most, if not all, previous Alien games go the easy route, ie. the ""Alien 2"" type where it's basically just a first-person shooter with tons and tons of aliens that you shoot and kill... But not this game. This game is different. This game goes the route of the first Alien movie. The second movie is an action movie (and basically all Alien games likewise), but the first movie is a horror movie, and this game captures that superbly.In all those other Alien games the aliens are plentiful and not all that scary after a while... you just kill tons of them. But this game does something different, something really bold and difficult to pull off successfully: Make ahorrorgame with one single, basically omnipotent indestructible alien... just like the first movie. The alien is not supposed to be just a random enemy you shoot and kill; the alien is supposed to be a monster that you hide from, a monster that causes terror. And this game executes it extremely well.Couple this with superb graphics and excellent design, and you have one of the best, if notthe bestalien games ever made."
76561198068666800,Recommended,214490,12488140,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Abusive Bisuketto,This is one of the only games i can say is completely complete everything nice and smooth every little ding and bump made me run and hideI ENJOYED THIS GAME!
,Recommended,214490,13200106,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,gooserex,"4.5 hours on record and this game has already proven to be entertaining, and stressful! This game is exactly what the Alien franchise needed, a good old fashioned (tricky to make) mind ♥♥♥♥ pysch thriller of a game reminiscent of the first Alien movie."
,Recommended,214490,12416102,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sneaky,Got stabbed by a mouth in a mouth. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12459701,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Stebby,"In Tim Allen: Ice Location, you play as a woman in a grim future where everyone is out to opress you.Also it's pretty scary."
,Recommended,214490,12503692,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CryptoGraham,"My cat loves to bother me when I play on the computer, often swishing his tail back and forth, gently brushing up against my leg as a subtle gesture to scratch his head. But.Since I have my headphones cranked up when I play this, I can't hear my cat move and as I watch the Alien's tail swish and slide across the ground while I'm hiding under a desk, his tail brushed up against me, I screamed, scared off my cat and pooped a little.This is the only game I have ever played where there has never been a breaking of immersion and the faithful recreation of such a specific time period and piece. Half the sounds of the space station I mistake for the alien breathing or scraping against walls or stomping around. Audio is my biggest topic in games and this one is absolutely perfect.I don't care if it's long. It respects my intelligence and refuses to hold my hand. Use your brain! That's all you have to do.235123/10, just uninstalled every single other game I own and will only play this for the rest of my life."
,Recommended,214490,13196497,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hot Ryu,The best Alien experience since Aliens (1986). That is saying a lot.
76561198116928863,Recommended,214490,13063665,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ezekielion,i love this game. havent been this immersed in a while
,Recommended,214490,32960053,Posted: 28 June,all,FREEMASON,deleted the game because I sh4t myself
,Recommended,214490,33066073,Posted: 30 June,all,Merdok,"This is one of the few games that has legitimately scared the SH17 out of me, like change my pants and tell my wife to put the phone down because 911 doesn't need to be called...yet.  The environment, settings, and story are fantastic.  The controls are a bit odd and there are some really challenging parts to the game, but it's one of those games where the good parts vastly outway a few nitpicks.Do you like the Alien franchise?  Play it.Do you like horror games?  Play it.Do you like to play games that are A-list/Top in class?  Play it.Do you get easily frustrated at a challenge and hate to die?  ->  Go play somethig else.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,28246324,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,S L E E P,"What an excellent game. If you are a fan of the Alien franchise, and want to get re-invested in the atmosphere that Ridley Scott created years ago before the new film come out, I highly recommend playing this. Very original and unique stealth gameplay. Only negative thing I could say is that the ending was less than satisfiying.That being saidit did not ruin the 15 hours of gameplay the campiagn provided."
,Recommended,214490,13729336,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Saintvanilla,"If you love the alien franchise and always wished there was an alien game worth playing, here you go. The game is one of the coolest and most immersive AAA horror games ive played in a while. It's really well done, worth the money and I really recommend it."
76561198095975330,Recommended,214490,33101090,Posted: 1 July,all,frxnkie._,I got scared.
,Recommended,214490,33022524,Posted: 29 June,all,Ray Stussy,"You are becoming hysterical.Alien: Isolationis everything a fan of Ridley Scott's 1979 originalAliencould want, perfectly encapsulating and highlighting the feeling of total dread and hopelessness across its 20-some hours that its source material understood so well.  As Amanda, Ripley's daughter, you are forced to undergo trials of psychological and emotional torture as you try again and again to evade and defeat the ultimate monster.In addition to nailing the mood of its inspiration,Isolationalso incorporates the famous production design into both its level design and player UI.  As anyAlienfan can tell within two minutes of playing the game, the game's developers remained strikingly faithful to the visual language of the original film, replicating its bleakly industrial space ships and hopelessly complex computer systems.  This 70's vision of futuristic computing carries into the UI as well, an aspect of the game that grew on me despite it being a nuisance to others.  The game offers very little guidance when it comes to your UI, and for the first few hours, it feels dreadfully complex and horribly implemented.  By the end of the game though, you are able to navigate it with speed and efficiency, learning with practice how to search desks, craft items, and operate machinery the fastest possible way.  The map is another common complaint, but I found it incredibly useful from getting to one area of the massive Sevastapol to the next.  Checking my map became a frequent and necessary habit, and learning to understand what it is telling you at first glance allowed me to avoid as much unnecessary contact with the Alien as I could.All of this effort on the developer's part would be for naught, of course, if the Alien and game itself failed to induce fear.  I'm thankful to say that this is completely not the case, and anyone who says otherwise is either lying or really is not afraid of anything.  For the first two hours of the game, I was having a blast, walking through the nearly empty Sevastapol without a care in the world, enjoying the level and sound design, almost completely forgetting that I would be face to face with a Xenomorph shortly.  When the Alien finally came into play in Mission 5, dropping down from the vents in a spectacularly terrifying entrance, I was stunned and all my previous ""enjoyment"" of the game went out the window.  I died within 10 minutes of that first encounter, ripped viciously out from under a hospital bed and greeted by the Alien's double jaws of death.  That was the first time I had to put the game down for the night, thoroughly shocked by the Alien's fearsomely cunning AI.I had been playingOutlasta few weeks before buyingAlien: Isolation, and though the former definitely had my heart beating out of my chest much more than the latter,Isolationtruly made my sleep uneasy, and that's more than I can say for any video game I've ever played.  It's also the only game that I can remember individual missions of (5, 10, 14, and 17) for being so dread-inducing and difficult in its tasks and level design.It's been said ad naseum, but I can't think of any better way to close this review: if you want to experience being trapped in space with Ridley Scott's Alien, hiding and fleeing from a beast that outclasses you in every way, you will appreciate (not enjoy)Alien: Isolationfor the terrifying piece of media that it is."
76561198047980517,Recommended,214490,15191680,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hell7umper,Just a great game...buy it if you like great visuals and sick tensions
,Recommended,214490,24515561,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,streams of whiskey,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198032279844,Recommended,214490,21929911,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Max Power!,"Easily the most true-to-roots video game adaptation of the original spirit of the Alien franchise I've ever seen.  The old AvP games were great and all, but that was the approach best summed up in Vasquez's words:  ""LET's ROOOOOCK!""No, this one puts you in the dirty, grimy claustrophobic retro-future dominated by sociopathic corporate suits, and never lets up on the high-pressure terror of constantly being hunted by an unstoppable menace.  This is Alien at its finest.The only minor gripe I had was that they characterized the classic Xenomorph XX121 more like a lumbering, tank-like behemoth rather than a cunning, agile master of stealth and ambush tactics, but that was relatively easy to overlook.  The experience was nothing short of thrilling."
76561197978315965,Recommended,214490,13536178,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HelterSkelter,"I have played many a licensed Alien game from Aliens for the Commodore 64, through the console wars with Alien 3, to the many FPS incarnations that have popped up now and again for PC.  Every time I am excited, and every time I am let down in some way.  However, Alien Isolation seems to have gotten it right this time.  There are some negative reviews out there, mostly from the vocal but meager followers of the FPS’ who are generally not pleased with a game title unless there are large guns to blow up even larger baddies with.Alien Isolation feels very much like the first Alien movie, as it is geared more towards the survival and suspense that made that film such a success.  Though I found the survival aspect to be tedious at times as your life pool is very small, I feel that the game made up for it with a story that fits well into existing canon, and the general ambiance that you find yourself in as you explore.For fans of Alien this is a must play.  For fans of Aliens vs Predator, this might be a bit slow for you."
,Recommended,214490,33060547,Posted: 30 June,all,Dubya,"Really love the attention to detail in this one. Was a great experience to feel immersed in the Alien universe. And yes, ridiculously scary. The moment you load the game, you’ll be creeped out by that haunting score. Grab it and enjoy!"
76561197970493780,Recommended,214490,21795360,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Freeza,"The game that finally does the Alien franchise justice and delivers a gripping, innovative gameplay experience the likes of which I have never seen before.  This is a rare example of a movie licensed game that gets it right.Just as James Cameron took the Alien franchise to another level, Creative Assembly have taken this franchise to another level on a different medium.  I have never played a game like this where the creature hunts you down and it's A.I. is superb.  You never know when it will arrive and when it does, you have to be truly stealthy and watch your every move.  Other stealth games have the npc's walking predictable routes but the alien is truly life like with its movements and spontaneity.The sound design is second to none.  I played this on a pc with a good stereo system but I can only imagine in surround sound what it would be like.  I'm thinking of playing again on the PS4 just to use the surround system.  The sounds are true to the movies but also have new ones that fit in seamlessly.  Stealth games live and die on the sound design and this game got it just right.  The movie quality music is dynamic and changes with the action in the game which brings the tension to even stronger heights.The level design is varied and spectacular.  Even though its mainly on a space station, they gave each mission different objectives and variation to always feel fresh.  I never got bored.  It constantly threw new things at me and changed up the scenario.The graphics are gorgeous.  This game looks so good.  I took over a 100 screenshots through my playthrough as I marvelled at the detail and design of the space station.  Props from the movie are placed throughout and add a nostalgaic value to an already fantastic game.  The engine is also very well optimized as not once during my entire playthrough did I see a frame drop.The constant threat of the alien is what makes this game so great.  The design and animation of the alien brings it to life and I cannot say enough good things.  This is the game that Alien fans have been waiting for and I'm so glad that Creative Assembly knocked it out of the park with this one.  The love of the franchise permeates every aspect of this game.  This great work cannot have been done without an avid passion for this universe.Bravo."
,Recommended,214490,32395206,Posted: 13 June,all,Timez,Too ♥♥♥♥in scary. But overall pretty good game.👍🏻👍🏻💪🏻💪🏻
76561198044923621,Recommended,214490,32383030,Posted: 13 June,all,SpenceBot,AMAZING GAME!
,Recommended,214490,17033813,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Fluxzy,The scariest game of hide and seek I've ever played.
,Recommended,214490,33015140,Posted: 29 June,all,DedarkZ,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥your-pants-scary and is by far one of the greatest horror games I've ever played. I would change nothing about it. 10/10
76561198164489335,Recommended,214490,33031583,Posted: 30 June,all,Błüė,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOoe7c8Fbs0&feature=youtu.bekind of a cringy review if you ask metis a good game!
,Recommended,214490,13510248,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,chris,Get it Get it Get it Get it
,Recommended,214490,17434745,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,the magic chef,">Starts game>Gets flamethrower>Finds Alien>Scream ""BOOM ♥♥♥♥♥>Put Alien on fire>Quit game>2spooky4me"
,Recommended,214490,14600125,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Poob,"Hides in vent, sees alien go back and forth threw hallway, curse at it irl. It all the sudden looks at the vent, Comes in and kills me. NSA approved"
76561198109858979,Recommended,214490,24943647,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"There are two types of people. Those who finish Alien Isolation, and those that stop playing when things get mad 10/10This is the Survival Horror Game Nº 1 everPros:- This much adrenaline must be healthy- One mission at half of the game is pure alien fans kreygasm- Spacewalk, say no more- The infinite satisfaction when you complete this nightmare...Cons:- Takes time to dominate your fear- There is only darkness before me"
76561198065482424,Recommended,214490,29775572,Posted: 7 February,all,rymorrisward,"I was so glad they made a survival horror out of the Alien franchise and not some run-aroudn shooter like all the other's we've had in the past.This game looks and feels like an alien film, with the retro foot-long computer monitors with neon-pixelated images, to the beigness of the hallways. It really has that 1970-80's look.The sound design is perhaps the best out of any video I have ever played. It was very eery, and it crawled under your skin, really keeping you on your toes. I kept pulling out my gun and looking where those mysterious clanking noises were coming from.And of course, there is the Alien itself. Probably my favorite movie monster in movie history, and Creative Assembly captures that true horror essence of that♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped-headed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ very well. It wasn't just a basic alien you shoot to kill like a box of twings in Alien Colonial Marines (uuugh...) this was a smart and relentless A.I controled enemy.One of my negatives of this game is kinda of a mixed blessing. The Alien makes this game hard, which is good in much respect because it's a primary monster, but it kinda makes the gameplay lag a little when you are trying to complete a level. Sometimes I kept getting killed by the Alien so many times it wasn't fun anymore, and I just wanted the plot to move on, and I played this on EASY mode.Also, I do not like the androids. They are a good concept for an enemy, but they felt to powerful than an android should be in the Alien universe. I kept getting grabbed by the damn things that it made the game less enjoyable in thise segments. I think it should've had the option of shooting their legs to criple them and slow their persuit, or possibly hack them from a terminal, giving the player some strategy against them.Overall, Alien Isolation was the greatest apology for disapointmen of Aliens Colonial Marines. It is not perfect but it was a game that listen to the fans of this beloved horror franchise, staying true to the core themes of the first film that started it all. I hope they make a sequel to this.Alien Isolation gets a: B+"
,Recommended,214490,15309191,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,That Totally Hopeless Romantic,10/10 actually got spooked
,Recommended,214490,32558233,Posted: 18 June,all,Darthkitykat,"ive never played a game, where i was too scared to continue playingi got so scared, i turned the game off"
76561198028350722,Recommended,214490,17040222,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,☜★☞ Dynamic FX ☜★☞,That was hands down the most epic game I've ever played!This game is also the king of giving you blue balls.The first time I thought I was getting towards the ending wasn't even half way through.I bought this game during a steam sale for $15 but it's well worth the full price!Score / Music: 11/10Map Design: 11/10AI: 11/10Graphics: 11/10♥♥♥♥ing everything: Over 9000
76561198120540428,Recommended,214490,31848344,Posted: 19 May,all,Spreelly,a game an alien fan will love
,Recommended,214490,33098411,Posted: 1 July,all,Gasakon,"Finally an ""Alien"" game that is totally worth your money. Absolutely loved it! A true SURVIVAL horror game"
76561198120509149,Recommended,214490,33097302,Posted: 1 July,all,Below_Zero,"Fan of the Alien series and love a suspensful horror game?- Well friend, you came to the right place. This game is fun when you're alone in the dark or even when you've got people sitting next to you screaming in your ear telling you what to do. LITERALLY the BEST horror game I've played. EVER.You can't just murder your way to survival. It's just you vs. everything. EVERYTHING tries to kill you, but you can't kill everything. You can hide, and you can run, but can you survive?If you do not own this game, buy it now."
,Recommended,214490,33172414,Posted: 3 July,all,Spoopy T!0H,too spooky for xrimir.
,Recommended,214490,33163343,Posted: 2 July,all,Mercurosis,"For those who are wanting to experience what it's like to be Ellen Ripley. Well this is as close as you can get by playing as her daughter. It has all the things needed to experience what being hunted is like. Suspense, horror, and things lurking around every corner."
,Recommended,214490,30206265,Posted: 26 February,all,Skyzer,Prepare To♥♥♥♥♥♥Your Pants Out.
76561198201963175,Recommended,214490,33186214,Posted: 3 July,all,creid79,Spent many long hours hiding inside of lockers. I think I might be a closet pervert...
,Recommended,214490,33005004,Posted: 29 June,all,Ollelel,One of the most intense games of this decadeMy experienceAlien Isolation is one of the most astonishing games that ive ever played. Im not typically into these kind of games because of the jumpscares and i get scared quite easily. This game changed my view on that. I took me about 18 hours to complete without dlcs.Alien gamesDefinitely the best in its genre to date i would say.Everything Colonial Marines wasn't
,Recommended,214490,33150617,Posted: 2 July,all,Flex,"Normally i never rate a game, but this one i need to do!This is hands down one of the most memorable games in the last couple of years. Whoever has not played it... do it now."
,Recommended,214490,33291846,Posted: 5 July,all,TacticalJedi,spookiest game i've ever played
76561198269038408,Recommended,214490,33325347,Posted: 6 July,all,YEET,"yeah, its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing scary"
,Recommended,214490,30448266,Posted: 11 March,all,The Major,This game is awesome. The developer really captures the atmosphere of the original movie with the environmenmt and game play. It is very scary though and given your game character is literally a girl with little by way of defence and weaponry against rediculous odds it can be exhausting. The develpoer may have done TOO good of a job. Very cool though.
76561198029071593,Recommended,214490,30450554,Posted: 11 March,all,George Costanza,"With Alien: Isolation, the team at Creative Assembly have managed to perfectly capture the look and feel of the Alien franchise. This game oozes the same futuristic yet somehow retro style as the films. Animations are smooth and lighting and shadow effects add depth and atmosphere to the visual experience. The soundtrack is also true to the films. The music, and often lack of music, when combined with the stealth gameplay brings the tension and suspense the player feels to levels you wouldn't think possible. Where the sound design truly shines is in the ambient noises. Computers hum and beep, footsteps echo and dull thuds emanate from overhead ducts as the xenomorph crawls through them. And what an antagonist the xenomorph is. It truly is a perfect killing machine in this game. Encounters with it are as close to unscripted as you can get. It actively hunts you. I often got the feeling it knew I was hiding barely meters from it and the randomness of it's appearances caused many a jump scare. It's signature scream is absolutely terrifying. The motion detector and crafting system are thankfully incredibly useful and can be used to outsmart both the xenomorph and the other enemies that you'll encounter. When all else fails, regular enemies can be handled with a revolver, shotgun and other weapons although ammo is scarce. The flamethrower is a godsend when dealing with the alien as it fears only fire, but it chews through fuel. There will be moments in this game where advancing will be nervewracking because of how little burner fuel you'll have. My one problem with this game is that it can get a bit repetitive, especially in the second half of the game which seemed a little rushed. But overall, this is without doubt one of the best horror experiences available on pc and was a joy to play"
76561198130987391,Recommended,214490,30432540,Posted: 10 March,all,sunabouzu_the_iii,"I have played it for a bit and I'm suprised how well they captured the athmosphere. the first time I actually encountered the Xenomorph, I could not help but starre at it's beauty, knowing I could not escape from death...of course after a certain amount of death it becomes less fraighting, but still, this game is a must have for every fan of the Alien franchise. Spoiler alert - at some point of the game, you will find yourself strolling in the alien ship..."
,Recommended,214490,30578669,Posted: 17 March,all,Chapel,Best spooky game on steam.
,Recommended,214490,12457510,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Griffis,"Never have been a big fan of horror games until Outlast and this at least reminds me of it but put into a world that I absolutely love. I think Creative Assembly did a fantastic job with this. Seeing another Alien game from SEGA had me...concerned, but as I said, this one is very well done.The first hour or so is a little boring aside from maybe building up the tension. Once the Alien is introduced, that gets turned on its head.The Alien AI was quite impressive though it did tend to follow a routine after awhile. Needless to say, I was still on the edge of my seat whenever it was in the level with me. Once the player receives the flamethrower I felt that the tension of hiding from the alien degraded a little (though I assume the amount of fuel pick-ups you'll receive is dependent on the difficulty).I will say this: certain enemies added later in the main story were frustrating if you did not have the proper 'tools' or anticipate their arrival.The environment is fantastic, a lot of attention to detail when it came to this. Being a big fan of the first Alien film really brought out a great deal of happiness as I was exploring Sevastopol.Had fun playing it and I'll likely give it another go.9/10 (Because of my bias and my love of the Alien film).DLC'sCould have been better and were rather short but I got em' for free so...eh."
76561197993882250,Recommended,214490,12407734,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,NOBODY,"This game is played from a first-person perspective and incorporates stealth and horror elements. Inspiration has been taken from BioShock and Dishonored. Creative Assembly confirmed in their ""Origin"" video that only a single Xenomorph will be present for all of the game, which would focus on survival horror with a slower pace rather than the frantic action seen in other Alien games such as Aliens: Colonial Marines (2013) and Aliens vs. Predator (2010). However, the player will also spend some time shooting several types of enemies which are planned to include clones and soldiers. Vents, lockers, and melee weapons will factor into the gameplay.[1] The U.K. gameplay trailer for the U.K. version of the PlayStation official magazine, it is stated that any damage taken from the Alien would be instant death, thus the player would have to avoid and hide from the Alien.The game will not feature any multiplayer whatsoever, according to Chris Napper."
,Recommended,214490,12441737,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Enelysion,"Mind-blown by the sheer level of detail that the developers have adhered to in regard to Giger's original vision -- a true capture of the atmosphere and nature of the original movie. The only downside for me from this game, were the loading screens. They slightly took you out of the immersion a little, but that's the only negative thing I can say about it. Looking forward to a sequel (if there's ever going to be one.)"
,Recommended,214490,12446214,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Selvo™,"Absolutely EPIC. From start to finish this game is a wild ride, especially for an avid Ridley Scott fan. The games enviroments match the film to such a degree that I doubt a single bolt, or rivet is out of place.Sound design is some of the best I've seen in my many years of gaming. Subtle noises like the ventilation fans, or computers chirring away. To our friendly neighborhood Xenomorph clanging in the crawlspaces. I've found myelf more than once just taking pause for a moment to enjoy the sounds of each different area of the game. The high tech medical facilities to the deep underbelly of Sevastapol's Engineering sections. Good sound design can make or break a game like this. Creative Assembly frickin' nailed it.The AI is brutally unforgiving on the hardest difficulty setting. Human enemies react to the slightest sound, spot you across the room when just peeking over a crate,  Patroling randomly while searching for you making it a hair pulling experience in some areas.Speaking of hair pulling... The Xenomorph is ruthless and terrifying! The sound of it dropping from a vent anywhere near you is enough to make you dash for the nearest hole to hide in until it leaves the area. Anything from sprinting to a accidently knocking somethign over can ruin your day.A fantastic story breathing new life into our beloved world of Alien. One that was suprisingly long and more challenging as it progresses.I give this game a 9/10!  If you're an alien fan and don't require stupid Predators to make an appearance I suggest you give this roller coaster ride a whirl. Preferably in the dark, late at night, and the volume nice and loud."
76561198026478205,Recommended,214490,12424770,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sam,"For long time I always said ""if you want to play an excellent Alien game, play Dead Space."".We finally have a new winner starring the creature itself !"
,Recommended,214490,12453998,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Okuu,"Sometimes I abduct you, other times I just bite your face off. Most of the time I just hang out in air ducts waiting for poor slobs to walk right into my jaws. The pinging noise the motion detector emits makes for an excellent tracking device, and it's amusing when you throw flares and noisemakers around. Closets and tables are fine hiding places and all, but I've gotten wise to people hiding in them. It's almost like you WANT to be eaten by a giant, bullet-proof giant monster. So loud, so angry, so dead.Also, devs please nerf flamethrower. It really, really hurts and I can't take it easy when there's fire everywhere. Humans shouldn't be allowed to shoot fire when I'm so hungry all the time."
,Recommended,214490,12472025,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Legit Booty Warrior,"CLOSET SIMULATOR 2014things to note:the difficult mode is stupidly hard. normals hard and easys normalalien isnt stupid. even though outlast is scarier, the alien is much smarter than the ai in that game, the alien if you  stay hiding will almost always figure out were you are. aslo unlike outlast, you were never your high school track star. the alien is way faster than you.not a traditional fps survival horror. even though unlike new survival horrors, you do have guns, but your still pretty helpless in situations anything other than one on one. but you have alot of usefull items to give you some caught leniency.YOU RUN LIKE A GIRL! pun intended but seriously theres no point in running later in game. seriously i tested  it on my computer from a point a to point b is only a few seconds faster than walking, and all it does is basically tell the alien where you aresave the flame thrower, weapons dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥against the alien but♥♥♥♥♥♥it off.you will ♥♥♥♥in die.working joes are scarier than the aliencrouch is your friendfun sofar, but it does tend to be glitchy, especially on older comptuers. seriously i have a relitavly new computer, and it barley can make it playable. NOT FOR OLDER COMPUTERS!"
,Recommended,214490,12477756,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kielix,"Alien: Isolation captures the 80's retro magic of the traditional Alien movies with the futuristic notion of space travel to bring you a stealth-based action/horror experience that you won't forget.__________Synopsis:You play as the Amanda Ripley, the daughter of Ellen Ripley from the movie Alien, as she attempts to find any trace of her mother that disappeared 15 years ago. Using a plethora of hand-crafted gadgets and weapons, you must make your way around the Sevastopol, fixing critical ship mechanics and finding more information about your mother's disappearance. Be warned; there are many more dangers than you think._____Story: The story is a pleasant mix of predictable, yet surprising elements, coupled with an almost overwhelming sense of dread at what comes around the next corner. It borrows many elements from Dead Space, but not all of them positive. As Issac did, you board a derelict spaceship and start finding mechanisms to repair in order to progress throughout the story. After a while, however, you feel like the game has adopted a ""Murphy's Law"" type of philosophy, and the game seems to drag out towards the end after fixing almost everything on the ship by yourself. The actual story is good, but suffers towards the end of the game.Graphics: Marvelous graphics and environments really capture the essence of the traditional Alien movie. Light years from Earth, yet staring at an old Macintosh using an IBM keyboard shows a level of attention to detail that is not regularly seen. The environment really helps impose a sense of helplessness and dread as you realize the ship has gone to hell.Functionality and Gameplay: A:I gives a sense of empowerment, yet helplessness to the player. While you may acquire new weapons and gadgets to kill your enemies, the goal at the end of the day is not to get yourself killed. Coupled with the lack of resources to blast everything with your shotgun, combat is often the last resort. Therein lies a small problem: As you acquire new equipment, you might have a desire to use it to make your life simpler. Often enough, it actually is only usable in a very particular circumstance, and sometimes makes your life harder. The name of the game is being a shadow; staying out of anyone and anything's way. At times this can be incredibly frustrating, but there lies the magic. It really gives you that sense of helplessness. There are enemies around that WILL kill you if you make yourself known, but killing them may not be feasible._________________________Alien: Isolation is a great addition to your survival horror library. A little longer than other games of it's genre, it still is a very strong game. Everything blends together to give you that authentic Alien experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,12448418,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Leaky,One of the best games I've played in years.
76561197968467997,Recommended,214490,12477315,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Jonesbag,"A great homage to the original ALIEN film of 1979. Fantastic atmosphere, great soundtrack and good pacing. Creative Assembly did a great job with this title. I find this game a breath of fresh air which provides a welcome change to the usual dross that swamps the AAA game market these days.Well done CA! Potential game of the year! 9/10."
76561197970379423,Recommended,214490,12393687,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Vantus,"I've played for just over 3 hours so far and I haven't completed it. In fact it feels like it's just getting started. This in itself is a good sign by today's standards.So far it feels as though they finally got it right! I'd go so far as to say they've managed to wipe off the stain left by Colonial Marines.I am a complete horror game fanatic and I haven't felt this level of tension since Amnesia: The Dark Descent.I felt ready to stop playing for the night not out of bordeom or because I finished it, but because I genuinely needed a break from the tension. I cannot wait for my next dosage!Unless something dramaticly poor happens ahead to change my mind, I highly recommend this one."
76561198021163116,Recommended,214490,12416534,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,mpj,This game is fantastic. AAA games that is true to the Alien series and takes a lot of inspiration from classic survival horror games like system shock 2. Just spectacular.
,Recommended,214490,12440938,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,NikogoNeZhalko,"After the last two dissapointing outings to the Alien universe, Prometheus and the abysmal Aliens: Colonial Marines, it was hard to keep high hopes for this game. I'm happy to say that Alien: Isolation is the best thing to happen to the franchise since the game AVP2. No game has captured the dread and the intensity of the films quite like Isolation, you'll find yourself fearing the alien's arrival as you creep through murky hallways and climb through the classic circular vents seen in the original film as the creature hunts you mercilessly. If you're a fan of Alien and its sequels, definiteley don't hesitate to buy this game."
76561197965284652,Recommended,214490,12443218,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,0verLoRd,Alien: Isolation continually has me on the edge of my seat and my heart pumping a thousand kilometres an hour! Highly recommended
,Recommended,214490,12944943,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Caron's Corner,A must have !!!
,Recommended,214490,12397051,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Untamed Caviar,Screamed like a little girl. 10/10.
76561198022260658,Recommended,214490,12427671,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,EASYJABBA,"Lights were off,, The clock hit midnight,, The room was smokey,, My vision was blurry,, I focused in on the light source,, A vast 20th century logo appeared ,, Then all went silent,,, I was lost in the apocalypse that is Sevastopol Station,,, I dont remember what happened next??"
76561197967795441,Recommended,214490,12883344,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,phasemaster,"Most of the time, when you play a game based on a movie, you get something that was borne out of the movie studio's merchandising efforts.  Like a crappy action figure, it's made of plastic and probably won't occupy you for very long.  But at least with the action figure, some imagination could extend its useful life.Alien: Isolation represents what happens when a game resulting from a movie is not just a means to increase revenue, but an end unto itself.  A work of fiction that can stand tall next to the masterpiece from which it drew its inspiration.Never have I seen a game that was so meticulously faithful to its source material.  From the green-screen consoles, to the misty hallways, and yellow warning lights; Alien: Isolation possesses an Analog Physicality that brings the 1979 film to life once again.  While most games would have replaced the decades old tech with iPads and holograms, Isolation considers the retro tech an asset to the story.  And it works--just seeing the monocrhome mainframe displays and grainy video lends its own feeling of uneasiness.And then there's the Xenomorph.  The most random, unpredictable nemesis ever to appear in a video game.  Sometimes, hiding in a locker works fine, and it will walk right by.  Other times, it will hear something nearby and charge after it.  But others, it might hear or smell something in that locker where you're hiding...and take a closer look.  It's not knowing which of these scenarios will come to pass that keeps you on your toes.In addition to amazing AI on the part of the Xenomorph, the game astounded me again and again with its command of storytelling.  Many of these sequences pay homage to the film, but the best ones take you into new and terrifying territory, to the point that I believe that Alien: Isolation is the scariest game ever made.Now I must admit, the game is quite difficult.  And there were times in Alien: Isolation that I found very frustrating--from a  few unnecessarily hard to find objectives to having to be *just* the right distance away from a vent to trigger the animation to enter it...with an alien on my tail.But whatever you have to do--whether you play it on easy or Google a walkthrough when you get stuck--make sure you do not miss it.  Alien: Isolation is arguably the best movie-inspired game ever made."
76561198038414454,Recommended,214490,12854573,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,BlackMateria,"Quite possibly the best survival horror game ever made. It's absolutely nerve shredding.Stealth, ammo conservation and patience are essential to success.Don't expect to be going around blasting everything. You'll be dead in seconds."
,Recommended,214490,12417492,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,LittleBoss,"Hands down, best hide-and-seek game on the market."
,Recommended,214490,12455431,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bastwood,"The visual and conceptual design of Alien has endured for decades, although not all of the numerous movies and games in the series have. In fact, nowadays the franchise actually has more misfires than genuine successes under its belt. Most of the Alien games of the past have focused heavily on the action aspect of the films, ie. gung-ho space marines pitted against hordes of xenomorphs. The pure horror theme of the original 1979 film has rarely, if ever, been touched.Alien: Isolation aims to change the situation with a deliberately slow-burning take on the subject that is spiritually quite close to classics like System Shock 2, and clearly distances itself from the ""action horror"" of Dead Space and its ilk. There's only one alien, it is very, very deadly and your resources are heavily limited. This is a game of stealth and survival: You spend a lot of your time hiding inside cupboards, frantically whipping out your motion detector at the slightest disturbance and generally keeping a low profile.It's not like the Sevastopol Space Station (where you quickly get marooned into) is completely devoid of other lifeforms, however. There are quite a few of hostiles to go around. The remaining survivors have learned to shoot first and ask questions later, and healthy paranoia towards anyone you'll come across is highly advised. The game does a good job of keeping its stealth interesting by varying the enemy types, environments and the tools in your disposal. Occasionally slight puzzle elements are thrown in to ease up on the tension and provide the player with some breathing room.""Tense"" is the correct word to describe Alien: Isolation. The game isn't really that scary, at least if you've seen the movies. The xenomorph likeness, lifecycle and behaviour is carved so deep into our collective subconscious that from minute one, you know what you're getting into. You know what story beats are coming, but despite that the game still manages to keep you on your toes for the entire duration, even providing a few good jolts every once in a while.Technically the game is impressive. The graphics not only look great but are extremely faithful to the set designs of the movies, with a special mention going to the lighting effects and the 70's style user interfaces on various devices. Only the wonky lipsync seems like an oversight. But audio is where Alien: Isolation truly shines. The crew recordings, ambient sounds and musical cues all create an extremely taut aural atmosphere that is so crucial in these kind of games. The sound crew deserves all the accolades they're going to get.I was a skeptic going into Alien: Isolation. However, the game turned out to be one of my absolute favorites this year. An excellent stealth game, and easily the best Alien game ever. And yes, I am taking Alien vs. Predator into consideration when making that claim."
,Recommended,214490,12397138,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Moxd,"PLAYED IT AT 4 IN THE MORNING, PROBABLY WON'T SLEEP AGAIN. IT'S REALLY SCARY. ATMOSPHERE SO THICK YOU COULD CUT IT WITH A KNIFE.I rate it IGN doesn't even know/10"
76561198081840760,Recommended,214490,12505792,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CIA csgogem.com,"nearly died of a heart attack 20 times, 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,12506106,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,bEARit's newspapar hat <|:3,"After 15 or so hours of play, with so many reviews already posted, I will be brief in my review.  If you allow yourself to be terrified by the game, you easily can be.  The story, as far as I'm concerned, it a side note to the sheer suffering it takes to get through the game, but that is okay, because that's where this game shines- constantly under pressure to complete your objective, without meeting your end.I've seen people state that the alien seems to have psychic powers despite the supposed ""random movement"", and I've seen those who state they don't see this.  If you don't see this, you didn't play the same game I did.  The alien will always be mostly in the area you are, constantly testing your plan to move forward and then hide more.  Sure, it hops into vents and runs off radar for 10 or 15 seconds here and there, but it always seems to come right back to the area you are in.  Run all the way back to an area far, far away?  It'll spend most of its time there.  It's obvious, and it screams artificial difficulty increaser to extend gameplay hours.My only gripe is with the locker hiding.  No matter how much you hold your breath and pull back, and don't make any movements, chances are it will rip the locker door off and poke holes in your forehead.  Don't hide in lockers!  Problem solved.  You can hide under any desk, bed, etc., and this mechanic doesn't happen.If you can enjoy a rollercoaster or a haunted house without being the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who's never scared of anything, you can enjoy this game."
,Recommended,214490,12486798,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,HellllOOOOOOOOOOOoooo,"I could not reccomend this game more. The atmosphere, the gameplay, the story, hell everything about it. It's the perfect game for fans of the Alien series.If you haven't, pick it up. It's a masterpiece."
76561198017018022,Recommended,214490,12498207,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cosmic,"I hid in a locker more times than I care to mention....BUT! It was either hide, or get killed by a monstrous creature numerous times, and believe it or not I am not a fan of the latter.Alien Isolation is true to both the original 'Alien' as well as 'Aliens' . The AI in this game is truly terrifying, learning what your strategies are. To give a bit of an example, I kept retreating into a vent after a couple of hit and run tactics on some humans....they realised I was in the vent (which was a dead end) and so waited at the entrance to shoot me as soon as I made a peep.The actual Alien is a masterpiece of fear. It's solid sounding footsteps echo throughout the area you're in, you hear every movement as it crawls through the vents waiting to pounce.....but you can't see it until it's too late. Whether it's crawling around corner only to come face to face with it, or being so preoccupied with not knocking anything over and walking under a vent you fail to realise to dripping saliva falling on your head.Just get the game, seriously, just buy it. That's all you should need to hear. But remember, in space no one can hear you scream..."
,Recommended,214490,12511636,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,AllahuVACBan,"The best Alien game created, everything is perfect.The game itself has an Amnesia without the puzzles feel to it, of course in Amnesia you get free time to do the puzzles, in this, the alien is constantly around you whether it be in the vents or lurking around on the ground.The Alien's AI is also great, the biggest fear in the game is that you never know what the Alien's going to do next. Everything the Alien does is random. The Alien will often look around rooms, under tables and in lockers for you, and if it sees you, you know you're screwed from that moment as it comes sprinting towards you. In moments you are also able to use the Alien to your advantage against other enemies that oppose you in the game, like using the Noisemakers to lure it's attention towards the human AIs.The design of the game is great, it really sticks to the looks and feel of the original Alien movie. Not a single aspect of the game feels like it wouldn't belong in the Alien universe. Obviously some have critiqued about certain things like the motion tracker's display is actually the same as the one featured in Aliens, not Alien.The only bad thing I can say about the game is that you get to a certain point where you obtain/figure out things in the game that slightly removes the fear of the Alien.TLDR; Awesome game, 9.5/10!"
,Recommended,214490,18358727,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,SeventhSon,"Really good and well made game, GREAT graphics (the smoke effects and lighting are pretty amazing) that manage to capture the look and feel of the first movie down to the letter.Very tense and nerve racking game, since the alien's behaviour is unpredictable and makes for some very heart pounding moments as you frantically try to start a generator in the dark until you suddenly hear him thudding down from a few meters behind you, leaving you only moments to either hide or scare him away with your flamethrower/grenades.The story was OK (as was the voice acting, though i found Ripley to be a relatable and likeable character) , however I dont think anyone who has seen the first 2 Alien franchise movies will find anything here to make them become hysterical. That said, if you never saw any of the movies, you will most likely enjoy it a lot more since I would describe the plot as a mix of Alien and Aliens.Overall a nice, horrifing expreience for everyone be they horror fans, Alien fans or just the average working joe. Do enjoy with good quality headphones and dimmed lights."
,Recommended,214490,18464900,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Stormtrooper EM-1992,"This game is one of the best horror games I played so far. This also captures the Ridley Scott's Alien by the design of it. However, the plot is very Hitchcock style as to venture deeper in the heart of the space station where people has turned one each other while Robots are a murderous rampage. Things are about to take worse as Xenomorph is on the scene. I must say that the Xenomorph's AI is unpredictable even on hard and Nightmare, so I suggest use more stealth and conserve your resources wisely. This is not gunning and running like Call of Duty. If you wish to explore the station more, I suggest do it in a Novice setting which you will enjoy it without running any problems. For Nightmare mode, it's up for the player to take the challenge, but less resources and limitations that one will have to rely on wits.I do have one complaint is the ending is a cop out. They are baiting us a sequel, but I hope the sequel is a DLC not another game. This game is perfect for Alien Fans and great for newcomers who gotten into the Alien Series. The game  is not bad, but the game brings the horror compared to Outlast that rely on gore and jumpscares. The Xenomorph will give Freddy Fazbear and Chris Walker a run for his money because this Xenomorph is not here to mess around. He will hunt you and will learn in Hard and Nightmare diffculty. The robots are just a nuisance, but can become a threat to you since the robots only care on their program. The human survivors will either join or kill you in order to survive.The length of the game is another nitpick, but that's the problem: It's a video game. Take the length away, you taken away the Player's interaction with the enviroment. The Enviroment is the key element like the film which it's very accurate for a game based on the film from 1979. For those who love the Alien film series, I suggest to pick up this game and play it in the dark if you dare."
76561198062040986,Recommended,214490,18744242,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,saintebby,"In space...no one can hear you flail like a terrified baby when the Xenomorph inevitably drags you, kicking and screaming, out of an air duct and shove it's razor sharp tailspike through your bleeding torso. The atmosphere, SFX and ambient music, to say nothing of the attention to detail involving the ""Alien"" universe, is absolutely staggering in this harrowing, innovative cat-and-mouse game in space. Never...in my -entire- life...has a game had me so white-knuckled over mouse and keyboard. To say this game spooked the bejesus out of me would be a gross understatement. I was lingering on the edge of my seat the entire time. My only complaint? It was a touch repetitive after awhile...and I died. A lot. A lot a lot. Though, I suppose, when you consider the thematics at work here...dying a lot makes sense. Make your peace with it. Don't get frustrated by it. You are, after all, just a delicious intergalactic hotdog to the senses of the Xenomorph. Regardless, this is a MUST play for any serious gamer...though not so much so for the casual types, if only because of how challenging this game can be. Download this title NOW and prepare to crap your collective pants."
,Recommended,214490,18735985,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DecafDestro,"I'm a big scaredy cat and even though the game scared the bejesus out of me I still found myself compelled to continue to the next goal.While playing the tension built to such a level that once the alien finally showed it's shiny wet face I jumped up and down with glee and ran right up to it just to see what would happen now that it decided to show up.   Pretty much exactly what happened to everyone who did NOT have the last name of Ripley on the Nostromo.Buy if you enjoy horror, stealth games,  retro-futuristic dystopias or any of the Alien movies just keep in mind that at the end of the day it's a HORROR game and while it's nice to look around the environments eventually you are going to be desperately fleeing/hiding for your life hoping your innards do not get splattered all over the pretty pixels."
,Recommended,214490,17229310,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TariousX,"Absolutely terrifying and exilerating, a true testament to the Alien franchise."
,Recommended,214490,14052084,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Barrel,"This is finally the game Alien fans have been waiting for! I would know as I am a HUGE fan of the movies. But as Colonial marines and many other games released, we saw that it may be impossible to make a good Alien game. This game proved everyone wrong and blew me away! From all the correct details built into the story, to the dead on atmosphere of the Alien movie, this game finally made a truely enjoyable Alien expirence. Also, the Alien's A.I is very clever and true to the movie's very own Xenomorph. Trust me, it will scare the crap out of you no matter what you do. Not to mention its engine works quite well with lesser PCs. But my only problem was the length of the last survivor DLC, I was expecting the whole movie's length. However it still satified my roleplaying. Over all, I give this game a 9.3/10, at long last a great (not just good) Alien game!"
,Recommended,214490,28137149,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[SS] Keenl3lade,"This game is a very fun thriller and horrer game. A very immersive story line and graphics puts you in the boots of Ridley, and your not alone. Half human and other half robot things chase you all while you are running from a terrifing Alien. Yep, this games graphics, sounds, and play style makes this game worth any horrer/thriller gamers time!"
,Recommended,214490,28773101,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,embecmom,playing this at 1am.. dark.. with headphones.. not met an Alien yet... thank goodnes... I think if one jumps out Ill scream like a little girl and hide in a cupboard... .. OMG... its an Ali.....
,Recommended,214490,13259183,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,freelunch,Best game of 2014 for me.
76561197986356820,Recommended,214490,17162055,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Phovesmos,"10/10 Hands down. No contest.I will begin by briefly describing how great this game is, and then elaborate on why I give it the review that I do.First and foremost... Incredible... Truly incredible.From beginning to mid-game, bar none, I was rendered ten steps away with a thrown pair of nVidia 3D vision glasses to the right and my headphones resting on my elbow as I held my face with both palms as I'd lean into a wall while cursing. The sound of an Alien catching a glimpse of your pant leg fiber and thudding towards you while you fumble around with your controls will give you a reason to have spare boxers at your computer desk. From mid-game to finish I found myself still jumping as I got destroyed by the Alien and it's with this settling in nerves that the story sinks in and leaves you breathless when combined with the incredible gameplay. What a masterpiece SEGA...Pros:Excellent AtmosphereExcellent Jump ScaresExcellent PlotBalanced - Fair situations, albeit the alien is severely OP'd, JUST like the movie- I might add.Sufficient supplies lying aroundInteresting survival gearVery wity AIInteresting human behaviors that varyCreepy manequin horrorCons:Control schematic needs improvement. Often times, due to the difficulty in accessing a particular item, I found myself getting mauled by an alien when I should not have been.--------I would definitely recommend this game to whoever is interested in this kind of genre. Put your money into this game and I swear to you, you won't regret it.--------This is Phovesmos signing out."
,Recommended,214490,29731735,Posted: 5 February,all,Yudoz,"A very atmospheric game,a must for alien fans. A good choice for others.Though must admit I sometimes just felt I had a personal stalker...""Every move you make, every step you take...""And boy was it watching me..."
76561198022328126,Recommended,214490,12394400,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,OHjeey,"Il see if i can remember to update this when im done with the game.For now il just say that i'm pretty impressed with the game so far, I'ts visually stunning and got a real eerie feeling to it. So if youre into Horror games id say, for now anyway, that it is pretty good on that part.But this is more for those interested in a few technical standpoints.i7-4820k cpu @3.7GHzWindows 8 64-bitNvidia GTX 78016GB Ram running at 1800MHzTheres no stuttering or visual artifacts at all, runs beautifully at Ultra settings.Gamepad works flawlessly, with a Logitech wireless.Keyboard and mouse (as i prefer to play my first person games with) Works quite well as one would imagine, tough had to change a few mappings to fit better with other games.Nvidia 3D vision does not work well, as stuff renders at the wrong depth, and you clearly see double of objects that are close up. This was a let down for me, as i would love to play this in 3D.So far ive found facial animation to work well except for a few scenes, and in the voice acting i havent found much to complain about. Having the original cast of ""Alien"" do the voices of theyre characters realy did it for me. Love the franchise and this gave feels :PWell this is it for now, hope some of this helped a few people."
,Recommended,214490,12448341,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Caoimhe Scarlet,"An alien game that is long over due. They honestly made the xenomorph scary again and also something very few alien games do and that is some worldbuilding and making the universe feel bigger, rather than the copy paste ""LOOK THE COMPANY IS UP TO EVIL OH AND BISHOP FROM THE SECOND MOVIE IS THE RULER OF THE UNIVERSE AND HAS 500 ANDROID COPIES AND THE ILLUMINATI AND STUFF OH AND THERES ALIENS BEST FRIEND PREDATOR OVER THERE!!""I am perfectly fine with accepting this game as 100% canon to the series, it's just that good. Sure it's not perfect but is there really such a thing as a perfect game anyway?Also points for being a triple A game with a female protagonist and one that fits into the setting as well not to mention the themes of the series to boot.Everytime the alien is near, the tension goes through the roof, every step I took had me fearing for my life as the damn thing was near by."
,Recommended,214490,13869987,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,jaxtrauma,"The aliens are just as I remember them: all warm and cuddly. We actually watched the first film on our honeymoon. Ah, memories. You've probably read the reviews about how beautiful and how beautifully rendered the graphics are done. Its true. The story has garnered much acclaim as well. Its well-deserved. The gameplay has me (and countless others) mesmerized whenever we enter the realm of 'Alien' lore. It is not too much to say that this game is the most immersive since... I don't know when. Is it difficult? Maybe a little, but who doesn't love a challenge? Is it terrifying? Absolutely. Presumably one of the reasons you bought this. You don't just play Alien: Isolation, you fall under its spell of darkness, made perfect by its considerable attention to detail of every environment I've seen, and I'm not even finished with Mission Two. Mainly, you can feel the love the designers, programmers and artists have put into this project. Its true I did stop after about an hour cuz I wanted to see the 'Crew Expendable"" dlc. Just an incredible game, complete with thudding heart and sweaty palms. I might try it with the controller but I'm afraid it'll slip out of my hands. Highly recommended to fans of Alien and those new to the story. Runs smooth as butter. Buy it, play it and see if you don't agree. Would run screaming in terror again."
76561197960863289,Recommended,214490,13703525,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Elegit,"A beautiful reconstruction of the film ""Alien"", they literally got every single detail right, I am incredibly impressed with these developers. The store in isolation even ties in with the story in the movie ""Alien"". So yeah, if you like suspense and the old ""Alien"" films you should totally pick this up."
,Recommended,214490,14071911,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,BrbGettingCoffee,Had to buy so many new pairs of pants I could've bought five copies of the game.10/10
,Recommended,214490,14259061,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,【ツ】,"A wonderful game, with amazing detail and loyalty to the first movie's old-school futuristic tech. I loved every minute of it. That being said, I can't handle the stress of another replay, let alone the DLC.10 nopes out of 10. Will never play again."
,Recommended,214490,14322331,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Wrath3094,"I could safe to say that Isolation will not disappoint hardcore Alien fans. Alien Isolation stays true to the original 1979 Alien flim in terms of technology, music, and artstyle while making it an terrifying, but graphically beautiful modern video game. Instead of being gung-ho and shooting aliens, you are defenseless against it and the best solution is avoid direct contact at all times and survive.The alien in the game is brutal... you will have to keep your wits together and always keep an eye out for him and any possible escape routes and hidey holes in your surroundings in case things go sour. The alien will also try many ways tricking in getting you out from hiding spots when you're least expected so always keep looking your motion tracker and try not to keep it up too long otherwise it will hear your motion tracker beeping like a christmas tree. I won't spoil too much about the game, you will have to play it yourself and experience the horror.I have finished the game including the DLC and my experience with the game has been awesome! I love it with a passion and glad the developers stick true to the original flim and inputting the survival horror aspect. I highly recommend this game to any Sci-Fi and Alien fans! I also dare you to play this game on Nightmare mode for the ultimate horror experience!"
76561197997117196,Recommended,214490,12653437,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Cupcake,"For me, a Masterpiece must have a great story. Alien: Isolation bends this rule to its absolute limit.When I was considering buying the game, these were the two things that I was worried about:- it would be filled with a bunch of cheap jump scares- it would get frustatingWhile there are a few scripted jump scares (normally inanimate objects reacting violently when you're close by), they are by no means cheap. This game earns its scares through its mind-blowing sound design, great environments, and its own rampant AI psychology.And not once did I feel frustrated. Every one of the (probably close to 150) deaths I've had so far I've felt like were my own damned fault. Each one was a learning experience.The pacing of the game also needs a nod. Though the plot and overall writing were terrible, the gameplay around it evolved, morphed and managed to stay fresh the entire time.Overall, the game absolutely delivered a superlative performance on visuals, gameplay and sound design (WEAR SURROUND SOUND HEADPHONES), but just completely flubbed the plot and writing. I didn't hear a single original sentence that didn't have a proper noun in it.Great game, though. It's really a favorite."
76561198021807883,Recommended,214490,13839094,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Rapid Railgun,"Alien Isolation is an excellent game!It's a tense, white knuckled (If you're using a controller), heart pounding game! Alien Isolation has it's moments of being truly terrifying. If you want PTSD this is your game! I spent my time crawling through hallways and jumping my gaze from motion tracker to environment. The AI was truly unpredictable, for the alien at least. The others well….Isolation is at it's best when you're exploring and dodging the alien. There are times when you encounter humans, but their AI is god awful and ALL OF THEM are hostile, not a few like we were told. You also encounter Working Joe's, which are creepy, but no where near as fun as encountering the alien.In terms of presentation Isolation is one of the biggest mixed bags out there. The environments are drop dead gorgeous. The lighting, fog, sound effects (OH MY GOD THE SOUND DESIGN IS AMAZING), and movie accurate models are excellent. But the characters and their animations are horrible; they all look like sausage links. At one point when Amanda is held at gunpoint her face wasn't animated and she looked bored. Speaking of Amanda she seems like a ghost, she doesn't cast any shadows or reflect from water, visors, or mirrors. This is baffling to me since it's clear that CA spent a lot of time with detailing the environments. Textures are also mixed; on some objects they're jaw dropping; the alien is beautifully detailed and so is the motion tracker. But a good majority of other objects lack detail. The cutscenes were the most jarring, suffering from random black screens (I guess the editor never checked his edits), along with stuttering and lifeless animations.The story is easily what made me so mad about the game; it sucks! Lacking competent storytelling,  Amanda's story screams wasted potential. The voice actors are horrible, except the alien (wink wink). The dialogue is horrible and I didn't give two craps about anyone. None of the characters go through any arcs! I was at least expecting that out of Amanda. Literally no one has a personality to them other than this one guy you meet for about ten minutes at the games start. The story of finding Ellen is overshadowed by such gripping sub plots such as: get a med kit for that one girl, doing other survivor's work, and stopping a person from doing explosions. There was one moment where a character flew into a window and I burst out laughing at how poorly animated it was and at Amanda's ""No!"" scream.Over all though Isolation is an excellent game, it may lack in story and graphics but it gets the most important thing right: the gameplay."
,Recommended,214490,13151294,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,lobster watkins,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Lighting, music, atmosphere, tension,  the alien is *terrifying*, the game is so intense. BUY THIS."
76561198058687132,Recommended,214490,12469894,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TrueCanadian,1 hour and 30 minutes into it an loving it.  Sound quality is amazing  not for the easilly frighten
,Recommended,214490,15100875,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,RetroArcadeMonkey,"If you're into spooky aliens, great atmosphere, somewhat bland voice acting, gorgeous graphics, tedious button prompts, backtracking, Sigourney Weaver, panties, getting killed a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of times, stealth, creepy Androids trying to kill you, more awkward animations than you can shake a stick at, horrible lip syncing, eaten by an Alien,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants, game being too long and losing its fear factor, brilliant usage of a film soundtrack, film actors reprising their roles to pander to the player, sooooo much crafting, important plot points getting quickly dropped, attention to detail in every little corner, lens flare, lighting effects, kickass film sound effects and the best ♥♥♥♥ing Alien game to date, then you're in for a ♥♥♥♥ing treat with this game.If you're a massive fan of the first film or just a fan of the series in general, buy this game immediately.  It's well worth it."
76561198039321687,Recommended,214490,13925269,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,[DN] Pman001,"Simply said, this game is amazing.The graphics are great, the gameplay is outstanding and you get a true sense of terror playing. The difficulty curve is very gradual compaired to other games of the genre but at the same time, it makes it just difficult enough to be a fun challange assuming you're not cowering in a corner, too terrorfied to continue. Even on the hardest difficulty, the game is still very enjoyable and very challanging for even an experienced survival-horror player and the way the AI works is phenominal. As you use items against the Alien, it learns and won't be destracted for as long or as easily by the items you've already used before, making it tough to use the same strategies twice or three times.Overall, great, well-rounded game that's sure to give any survival-horror enthusiast or otherwise a run for their money."
,Recommended,214490,12469383,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Bad4u80,"As far as I've played into this game it's nothing but great from all corners that I can see. Sega really tried with this one and it shows in a big way everything from the atmosphere, sound quality, and lighting are top notch and really brings this game into a setting of it's own and makes a joy to play. I highly recommend playing this with a pair of good head phones in order to get the most from this game otherwise it seems you will be missing out just playing on a set of speakers. Overall this is a excellent game and I can't wait to see what Sega has in store for us if they can keep pumping out games like this all the time. 10/10 for me, love it!"
,Recommended,214490,12427670,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,JayRob,"If you're a fan of the Alien series, this is the game you've been waiting for.First of all, the graphics in this game are oustanding.  The quality of the textures and effects is some of the best I've ever seen, and the overall crispness and fidelity is mindblowing.  Not only is it beautiful, but it is also one of the best optimized games I've ever seen.  My system is not top of the line, and with all settings on ultra the game was running absolutely flawlessly.  This game is a technical marvel.The atmosphere and sound design is amazing, everything in the game has been so painstakingly created while keeping faith to its source material.  Everywhere you look there is immense detail, so much work and passion went into this product and it shows.It took me about 18 hours to beat the game, which is a really respectful length for a survival-horror game like this.  Some complain it is too long but for me, a fan who has waited a long time to play it, the length felt perfect; I even could have gone for a little more.  You actually get to fully explore the station you're on through the story, unlike games like Dead Space 2 where you only see a tiny fraction of the space of the structure.The gameplay is stealth-focused, you're given some tools for deterring your many enemies but mainly you will be sticking to the shadows and hiding in cupboards as you make your way through the game.  The alien, the prime antagonist of the game, is stunningly recreated and an absolute terror to deal with.  This isn't your average horror game enemy, this thing is relentless.  It is smart, it is fast, and it will punish the hell out of you for making a mistake.  The other enemies you face are more forgiving but still deadly and they all have interesting reactions with one another.The game uses a manual saving system with save points spread throughout its levels.  For me this was a big plus as it cuts down on save scumming and gives you a real fear of failure, because if you die you may lose progress.The story is solid and if you're a fan of the Alien series you will be delighted with all the extra lore this game provides to extend your favorite universe.I honestly have no solid complaints about this game, some of the early segments can feel too hard but it's only because you don't yet understand what you're doing wrong.  This game doesn't hold your hand, and you'll quickly learn what is getting you killed.I cannot say enough good things about this game.Creative Assembly, thank you for returning the Alien franchise to glory, and please bring us more."
76561198010439527,Recommended,214490,12411529,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Floki,"What is fear, what drives it, what motivates you to hide in the dark? Creative assembly took the time to find out, and this is the result. Within the first five minutes of playing the Crew Expendable DLC I had found that my♥♥♥♥♥had ate my chair, this is fear, and any Alien fan, the first Alien, will feel a fear they haven't felt since that first time they watched the film. This is Alien at its best, be afraid, hide, run, cower in the dark, because its coming for you, and this time there may be no escape."
76561197971026015,Recommended,214490,15229614,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mojoboogum,"I'd been watching the reviews for this game since release, and finally picked it up.It's AMAZING.The game looks great, sounds great, feels great, I care about the characters, and it's genuinely scaring the crap out of me!I'm playing on hard difficulty for my first playthrough (recommended by the developers) and my experience has been a costant sting of absolute gamer fear that I haven't felt since the days of System Shock 2, Resident Evil and Bioforge. I have to be really patient, observant, aware and play like it was real life, otherwise I'm toast.I am completely loving it, and this studio deserves kudos for the work they put into it.This game makes you feel all the fear, exhileration and helplessness the actors in the movies went through. So amazing.Go buy it now!"
,Recommended,214490,12430606,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,westcoastcaz,"Quick and simple.Lighting= goodSound= GreatScare Factor= Very GoodIf you like the Alien films you will like this, there are a few problems with the lip sync being off in someparts, but only minor thiings like that so far."
,Recommended,214490,16451859,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Yukkin,I am already scared and nothing happend 666/10
,Recommended,214490,16550591,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,deez,"Only 3 hours in, most of the time spent in lockers, and not even really at the part where Alien should chase you...Saw Androids coming out of a door, ran to locker, breathed sigh of relief..Alien opened locker and killed me..need new shorts..10/10"
,Recommended,214490,16526583,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Erichtaker,"Good AAA game, but makes mostly fun on easy-mode.Pros:absolute great sound-effects which lead to a genial survive atmosphererealistic sneak-scenarios on normal-mode and above(took me a while to figure out that enemies can hear the ping-sounds from my move-detector)great graphics and many details in environment15h of play-time to complete the story once (even on easy-mode)Contras:the story is exactly what you expect, no big surprisesdifficulties are bad defined (easy-mode is like normal-mode and normal-mode is like hard-mode)sometimes a bit frustrating on higher difficulties to do certain parts over and over again(especially that you have to sneak around enemies slowly ALL the time on every try)"
,Recommended,214490,16467442,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,My face when I hear a weeb,easy 11/10 so bloody brilliant. Saves the gaming side of the Alien franchise. Love the fact that the Alien is A.I driven means if you are somewhere the Alien doesn't expect it gets scared and runs away.
,Recommended,214490,12401448,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,---(((Ignorance)))---,Im white!
,Recommended,214490,12403170,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dogtanian,"This game captures (Alien) horror feel extremely well.Many forget that Alien is a Horror film, Aliens is a Action and Alien3 is a drama.This game captures (Alien) horror feel extremely well.I would say Headset and night time play is almost a must.G35 Logitech headset is a good choice for 7.1 Surround sound emulation for the amazing sound direction his game has. The thumping of your heart will be in your mouth many times.Also a heads up, you will die many times from times when the alien will outrun you or out smart you.I am glad that the AI in this game is not as dumb as some might have thought, the longer you play the more the alien will learn how you play. so if you are aggressive it will try and jump you before you get in your attacks. if you hide a lot it will start to hunt for you more.I was worried I was going to get burned with a preorder of this game like i did Aliens: Colonial Maries, but this gave me faith in the saga that is alien.If you love a good heart throbbing hide and seek story adventure this is a must have.The hide and seek horror feels right at home with Alien."
,Recommended,214490,14122216,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Protocol,"A little late for this review, but it has been on my to-do list!Being a massive fan of the movie series ever since I was a kid, I had high hopes for this game. It is poised to fill the gap between the ""Alien"" and ""Aliens"" movie releases. I won't go into a scene-by-scene walk-through for the entire game, nor any spoilers, but I think it adequately fulfills what it set out to do through theatrics. What it didn't do though, is provide long-term ""enjoyable"" gameplay. When I say gameplay I mean things like ""how predictable is this going to be"" and ""how many repetitive actions do I have to perform as the player in order to do something simple"". Suspense = good. Pushing a few buttons and then clicking a bunch to pull a lever = bleh. That doesn't make me feel like I am really there.By the middle (or what I thought should have been the midpoint) of the game I really wanted some closure. I just wanted to see the ending credits! A lot of FedExing random items around maps and avoiding an oddly scripted Alien (that is invulnerable by the way) for 20 hours can get a little taxing. I depleted my entire arsenal multiple times just trying to scratch the alien. Nope - still shiny!Overall, I'd recommend this game to anyone with the warning that it's not for everyone. Treat it as a puzzle that requires you to play in order to understand the story."
76561198045486165,Recommended,214490,15148556,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Azael,Pooped my pants for an hour.11/10
,Recommended,214490,15101060,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,TheSushikiller,Hide n' seek simulator: Alien Edition
76561197978675880,Recommended,214490,19400211,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Burry05,"This game truly does justice to the original Ridley Scott movie. If you love the Alien Franchise and are a fan of the horror/survival type games, you will enjoy this. However, if you're into fast paced shooters then you may want to avoid this.Alien Isolation doesn't mind to take its time setting up atmosphere and story before hitting you (HARD) with the terror. And it does this quite well! But at times it does seem a bit repetitve and frustrating once the inital scare of the alien has worn off and you realize you have to accept the fact that you will always have the stress of the Alien chasing you until the end credits. But this is what makes it great! The sound and set pieces are truly amazing and you fully go deep into the Alien world. I thoroughly loved this game and it was a welcomed change to video games and a huge step up for the ""thus far, terrible"" attempts at an Alien game."
76561197982977001,Recommended,214490,18628867,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kvok,"Hiding in the locker, and pray to anything that alien just walk away to kill violently some  other  victim.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,18004793,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SkilledArrow,"Ever wonder what it would be like to live on the Nostromo from Alien? Ever feel like seeing what it would be like to encounter an alien and have it puncture your insides with its deadly tail? Well if you are into stealthy horror games then Alien: Isolation is for you.This game is LONG! If you like finding every little thing in this game prepare to spend over 20 hours total to beat this game. Actually I recommend not being adventurous as it is more costly than anything. If you have ZERO patience then don't bother with this game as you will die non-stop. If you can handle staying put for 5 minutes each time something comes after you the game will be tolerable. If you like to run and gun forget about it as you will die 100% of the time, no joke.PROS:- Brilliant Stealth Game- Feels just like Ridley Scott's Alien- Great Story- Amazing GraphicsCONS- Repeated levels- You spend more time hiding then actually playing the game at some points- Easy is Hard, Normal is Insane, and I don't even want to know what the other two difficulties areYou will die.... I can promise you that."
76561197975386686,Recommended,214490,12396471,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Galmech,This game is AMAZING!This is the Alien game I've been wanting all my life.Any fan of the original Alien will love this game!
76561197974831428,Recommended,214490,17397097,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Bizounours,"Really great game, it's not a game where you are playing the victim, the sound is just fantastic and the difficulty is very good, but don't try like me to put it in nightmare mode unless you wanna die and retry."
,Recommended,214490,17922916,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Vjeshta,"Alien Isolation is a terrifying game. The scare factor is present 24/7 as you never ever feel as if you are safe. This intensity becomes so frustrating in a good way that I was very glad to finally finish the game; my horrors would finally end. The Alien is not scripted making it even more fearful as you can never predict when you are about to die.  The sound department was also a huge plus as the game's sounds were perfect for instilling a fear that will long remain within me. Despite these great sounding factors, the game is plagued with redundant moments, a horrible storyline, and bad stealth. I often found myself walking through corridors wondering if  I had been there already and it is ture; A:I gets extremely repetetive very fast yet it preserves its creepy and terrifying experienceSound: 9.5/10 - The game's impeccable sounds and voice acting make it a dreadful experience from start to finish.Fear: 10/10 - I have never wanted to quit a game more than I wanted to quit Alien Isolation. Its a constant rollercoaster of fear and horror as the Alien simply cannot be harmed. It truly made the movies proud.Campaign: 4/10 - The story was probably one of the worst stories I've ever played-through. It's filled with repetetive go there, do this, turn that on, moments, making for a very terrible experience. There are a few good moments but they are very rare and the last few hours are just absolute crap, followed by what could be the worst ending ever.Gameplay: 8/10 - A:I has very solid shooting and gameplay mechanics but the stealth could be a lot better. The other enemies besides the Alien are very forgettable and annoying.Overall: 78/100 - Alien Isolation is a must-buy for horror fans however, if you are expecting a good story and amazing stealth gameplay you should probably look elsewhere. I repeat, Alien Isolation is an amazing and very scary game but the campaign hurts it far too much."
76561198064197593,Recommended,214490,17922278,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Foundationer,"This game is intense. At times, it can be extremely frustration and nerve racking, which as much as I hated it, is part of the appeal. The game has a great atmosphere and very cinematic feel to it. Amazing visuals.Hell of a game."
76561197978025530,Recommended,214490,13887348,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,BladeEvolence,"The story of Bob the Xenomorph and Amanda Ripley is the story of love, loss, more loss, blood loss, romance and used syringe's.Bob and Amanda's relationship started off rocky when he initially showed his jealousy towards Axel, who was just trying to get off station to see his space kitten Mitsy.Bob is very clingy and brooding. He and Amanda have a very strange relationship. He lives in his mothers basement and only uses ventilation system for transportation. He often likes to visit completely unannounced and whip his tail around like he has the bravado of a T-Rex. Plus he almost always trys to double french kiss on dates.This the best Alien game I have ever played!!!"
,Recommended,214490,17932419,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,sam,Bought by someone who hijacked my PC.Good game though.
,Recommended,214490,17465712,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,NativeOne,"I read the reviews before purchasing .. my review is on game play and what should be have been added, and being this game has been at it for some time, i doubt very much it would be added now ..The game itself was very well conceived, and we have to take into account that it is taken place in an isolated space sector, isolated but a very large space station none the less ..Here lies the dilemma, (spoiler alert) being that this is an isloated area of space, and this is such a large space station, wouldn't it have been more meaningful to have military class hardware ?? The military would rely on such a station to be able to replenish much needed hardware if needed at such a time ..As the player advanced to the last of the missions maps of the which it is found that there are more than just one Alien, military hardware should have been made available at this point in the game, because nothing would have been lost in keeping stealth because the Alien would still respawn regardless, perhaps even more because of the gun fire ..This aspect of common sense was overlooked in this series, that an area could have been made availble to get the hardware to finish the job, and would have not made the rest of the game play or ending any different being that the military class weapon could have been lost in some arbitrary way (ie: no more ammo to be found, weapon lost in video preview after dawning space suit for final time, in some unforeseen explosion .. etc.. ) ..This in itself is what was missing from the earlier Aliens series, and should have been enlisted in this one as well, (in other words the ability to actually be able to kill an Alien) .. the game play is basically centered on stealth, through out the entire game ..Also a second play through should allow player to keep all said hardware, except military class weapons, the first here can be added the second (military hardware) for the game can not .."
76561198173588467,Recommended,214490,17143679,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lyc_SpriT3,"I've been an Alien fan all my life and have been let down too many times by Alien games that just weren't scary. It's one thing to watch the films, but to actually be in the shoes of say Dallas or Ripley and being hunted by the Alien really puts the sh*ts up you. The main game is captivating, with amazing graphics and atmostpheric music that is just like the film.I dred playing this game yet love it so much! If you want to be jumping out of your skin then this Alien game is the one for you. It does not dissapoint! Play this game in the dark, with your headphones on for maximum immersion! 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,17130989,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Alex Ros,"Playing the game for the third time. And still found myself immerged into that universe again. This is not about collectibles or achievements, it's about the universe, the imagenery world that calls for revisiting. Similar to Alien movies quadrology. I love all of them, not only 1st or another. I have watched them for tons of times I can't count already. And still there is something that calls me to go back. Inevitably. I am not crazy, not a fanatic. It's like there's a hidden answer on a very important question. It's there and I just can't pronounce it, can't formulate. But I feel it, I feel the answer and I want that feeling of understanding something important again and again. Despite I presume I would never be able to formulate what it is, describe in words. And, conclusively, I think developers of the Alien Isolation game somehow magically did achieve the same goal. They did answered some very important question, and still I can only feel it, not pronounce. And I will have to replay, revisit Sevastopol for quite some times. Surely. That's magic of real art."
,Recommended,214490,17149035,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Tenebrosi_Erinys,"Why I love Alien: IsolationPros:Great lighting effects (shadows, shine, etc.)Smooth movementRealistic AI'sCool scenes when getting killed by xenomorphOverall creepiness factor. I am so tense when playing that if a banging sound occurs, I will jump in my seat.Cons:If there were any con, it would be the mouth movements when talking. They are just opening and closing.Overall:I would recommend this game for sure. One of the best games I've played. I love everything about this game. 9.5/10"
76561197975247124,Recommended,214490,17134868,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Evilgoattea,"Do you like survival horror?  Do you like managing your resources to make them last?  Did you like Dead Space?  Did you like the first Alien Movie?  If you answered yes to these questions then you will love Alien: Isolation.  You play Amanda Ripley, the daughter of the main character and the sole survivor in the first Alien movie.  Long story short you end up on a derelict space station and guess who else is aboard?At 4 hours in I have yet to run into the Alien in the actual game yet, it's been in a few cut scenes, but the game still manages to terrify!10/10"
76561198050386587,Recommended,214490,27917675,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nathrak,"Most people don't even remember the atari jaguar, but the AVP game on the jaguar, it had a real claustrophobic feel to it, and the soundtrack of only humming machinery really added to the paranoia. It was probably the best AVP game I had ever played. Until now. This game brings back all the rib throbbing tension of when I was 8 years old and saw the original film. Absolutely worth botht the money and the time."
,Recommended,214490,16489638,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RadioFax,Spent thirty hours hiding under a desk and crying.GOTY/10
76561198044718267,Recommended,214490,16064806,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,PedroJunkers,Best of the best!!!
76561198031396215,Recommended,214490,16457233,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AlanGreenspan,"I was surprised with this one given both AAA gaming and this franchise’s track record. I hear the sales numbers were a “disappointment” for this game, but I found it very entertaining. Great survival horror game!"
76561197972293157,Recommended,214490,16817172,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Bobsters,"Hands down, the best Single player game I've played in a few years.  When you aren't hiding in a locker, you are admiring the greatest recreation of Ridley Scott's universe since the movie in 1979.Without a doubt the best game to ever come from the Franchise and true to the ""Alien"" Theme and story.10/10 Will play again."
76561198019326732,Recommended,214490,16440384,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,gavinb80,"So, Ive recently been playing a lot of Alien franchise games, AvP(2013), Colonial Marines, and now Alien: Isolation.  And I have to say, if you only buy and play one of these games, let it be Alien: Isolation.  It is everything an alien game should be.   By far the best alien game(imho), and I've played them all since the original AvP in the 90s.  So what does this game get right :+ Atmosphere, totally authentic, retro-80s in space, absolutely perfect+ Level of detail in environment, from hand-crafted posters to computer screens with faux data, completely adds to the immersion.  This is a game done right and I am very impressed.+ Alien is a real menace and can't be killed.  No more keeping notches on your pulse rifle in the hundreds.  This sucker is one badass and you wont be rid of him easily.+ Enemy AI is smart.  Don't think you will fool it easily or there will be one winning strategy you can play again and again.  AI in this game is done right.+ Story, Voice acting, all superb, and fully in line with the movies/franchise.And the negatives :Truth is I can't think of any right now.  It's that good a game.  One of the most perfectly done games I have played.So I got to score this game very highly and totally recommend it to any sci-fi fans out there.  Great Game, 90%+ from me."
,Recommended,214490,16437789,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,★Far/Away/Star★,"There are no word to describe how perfect this game is and all the DLC's. If you are a true fan of this franchise, this is just top of the top. I hope they make second game to fill the gaps for each movie. Just give them money so they can do sequel !!!1 MIL / 10 ^^Ps. Gabe i love your steam :P."
76561198073108866,Recommended,214490,16261075,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Crowdey,"""In space, no one can hear you scream.""What a masterpiece Alien: Isolation is. An incredible journey and a spectacular tribute to the original Alien (1979) movie.To be honest i was expecting that The Evil Within to be my favourite horror game of the year. But when i started playing Alien Isolation it was like you really are in that atmosphere of the game,feeling the horror,the threath and hell! even the breath of the Alien. I enjoyed every moment of it,every location and every sound that i heard and that made it my best horror game! Fun fact: When i started the game i choosed Medium difficulty cuz i heard rummors that if you play on the hard difficulty it's almost impossible to beat the game. So when i finally finished the story the ,,Survival'' achievement popped up witch mean you completed the game on the hardest difficulty and i was like...hmm perhaps it's a bug or something, then i went back to make mission 5 for the ,,My Turn Now'' achievement witch mean's to kill an android using only the maintenance jack, witch i saw a guide on youtube on how to do it easily and it said that 4 hits on easy, 7-8 hits on medium, 11+on hard difficulty and when i finally reached 8 hits i was like hmm it must be something wrong cuz he should be dead, but i kept going and i reached 13 hits until the android was dead, then i checked the difficulty settings and it was set on hard...yeah, you read that right..hard..and i was sitting there staring at the screen with my eyes open for 10 secconds and i felt so proud of myself cuz i couldn't believe what i just did! And that's why i reccomand this game to everyone who trully loves space and the thrill of achievement!10/10 Best Horror Game of The Year!!!"
,Recommended,214490,17718513,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,yami_san,"BEWARE! There are still few game-breaking and miscellanious bugs. But nothing lethal.Soundtrack: perfect. Really adds to the tension and overall atmosphere.Graphics: well, not really perfect. There is some room for improvement fro burning objects and some other things. But level and industrial design follow the movie closely and REALLY RULE. And particle systems are quite cool.Gameplay: the only negative thing I noticed is the overwhelming amount of useless parts. I haven't used a single craftable thing in the endire game. Except for medkits of course. Maybe I'm just too good at stealthing and avoiding humans :D It's a great mix of stealth and action. Playing at night with headphones on really adds to the game. I wish I had VR gear.Overall: 9/10. Game of the year 2014 for me. Watch the movie, buy the game, but the dlc, play it al!"
,Recommended,214490,17112261,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,$L!CK_J.Mi$t@,"This game is a master-class in survival horror and is quite frankly, the best Alien game ever made!10/10"
76561197962820217,Recommended,214490,17099817,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,WiTed,"Great game, but the DLC is really lacking. The survivor mode DLC packages are very boring. An expansion to the main storyline would be nice."
76561198037253037,Recommended,214490,15837409,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,DocGangrena,"I will update my old review because i gave this game nomination for the ''Whoooaaaaaa, dude!'' steam award.Alien Isolation is full of breathtaking moments,whenever it comes from beautiful views of space,impressive Sevastopol station,or simply from fear when you hear xenomorph snooping in vents around you.Haha,there are even some breathtaking moments in-game,when you have to hold your breath while you're hiding from enemies .It's kinda rare to see,but in my opinion,sound effects are best part of this game. Devs who worked on that made amazing job, during whole game, it's spooky to wonder around sevastopol,even when you're in so-called safe zones.Oh,and yes,optimization for this game is another amazing thing,my Radeon R7 250,4GB Ram and AMD Phenom quad core 3.00 ghz can run this on high settings in cca 50 fps.I'm trying to think about something bad in Alien Isolation,but all i can remember is buggy ending,you will probably saw little graphical/animation bug there-really nothing important or gamebreaking...This game easily deserves 10/10"
76561198055269636,Recommended,214490,15486491,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ron,"If you really want to be scared by this game you have to play it on Nightmare difficulty because on easy it's a different game, for those in search of a game that can scares you then you found the right one (Nightmare diff. only) it crashed few times but overall well made.Note : if you suffer of heart problems NOT play this game, no, seriously, DON'T.....My Final Score is90/100"
,Recommended,214490,17092611,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Pootsi,i stopped playing becuase i am spooked now
,Recommended,214490,16822505,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,AncientToaster,"I bought this game during the Summer sale based on a recommendation. Knowing now how good the game turned out to be, I am disappointed that I never picked this up on day one. This was one of the best games I've played in a long time, and I feel it will go down as one of my favorites of all time.I haven't been this involved, terrified, or inspired by a video game atmosphere as much as with Alien: Isolation. They truly nailed the look, feel and sounds of the original film. Everything is authentic and really adds to the quality of this game. I am not a big fan of Creative Assembly's usual Total War series games, but this is an easy recommendation to any fan of the Alien films or Survival Horror.There are plenty of reviews that go over the aspects of the game, but I will just point out a few things for those on the fence:-Incredible atmosphere and tension throughout. Not a game for the kids, or those with massive anxiety.-Music is incredible, reminiscent of the original Alien film by Ridley Scott. Truly sets the mood and tone of the game.-Attention to detail in the environment and technology on the Sevastapol Station is truly impressive.-The Alien is hideously beautiful and dangerous, just like you'd expect. This is no cannon fodder foe. Expect to be afraid of this thing for a good 15+ hours!-Cool gadgets to create to help you avoid danger or set traps. Creativity and stealth go a long way to survival. Sometimes looting the entire map is a bad idea. Pick your battles!The only cons I'd give this game, is that it is a touch too long. It took me 21 hours and I didn't really rush, nor did I go out of my way for every collectible. It could have been shortened to 15 hours max, and It would have probably been better for it. Even so, I enjoyed almost every minute of this game."
,Recommended,214490,31941488,Posted: 24 May,all,Morgue,"I'm writing this in-game, while I crouch under a desk waiting for the xenomorph to leave me alone. This review is spoiler-free, or as spoiler-free as is possible. If you've ever seen an Alien movie, nothing I'm about to tell you will be a surprise. (And if you haven't, at least watch the first one before playing the game.)In retrospect, playing on Nightmare as my first experience may have been a mistake. But I'm committed, and I'm enjoying it. So bare that in mind: This is a review of thehardestexperience the game has to offer, as a first-time experience.And incidentally, I don't recommend doing this unless you want to feel like the most pathetic piece of prey with a nigh-omniscient predator. Just pick Normal or Hard. Nightmare is aptly-named. I'm having dreams about this.I've made it to what feels like the middle of chapter five, but I can't know for sure. The hours listed feels horribly inaccurate. Either steam incorrectly reports hours played with no internet, or the game managed to make ten hours feel like twenty.You know those joke reviews that just say ""Desk simulator 5000""? Yeah, they're not kidding. You're going to spend a lot of time getting intimately familiar with the underside of desks. You will grow to love and respect these desks as the only salvation from that walking death-machine. You will develop favourite desks. You will develop an innate sense of where you are, relative to your favourite desk, as time goes on.If you don't enjoy stealth, this game is not for you.If you get impatient in games that have optional stealth and just forfiet the bonus in favour of killing everyone, if you're a murderhobo who can't sit still for more than a minute, this is not the game for you. You will get monumentally bored. Go check the negative reviews of frustrated murderhobos if you're relatively new to stealth in games. I'd recommend playing something else stealth-heavy first. This is stealth non-optional. You cannot kill or intimidate your way through this. Youmusthide to survive, and hidewell. No buggy ""damn rats"" AI to save you from your blunders.If that sounds appealing, if you loved the original Thief games and want to find out what it would be like to play those games without your bow, buy the damn game. Now. There's no reason not to if you enjoy hiding.But don't play on Nightmare first. You have no map - at all. The motion tracker is buggy, and the available resources for crafting are nigh-nonexistant. But on the plus side, I've made it this far without changing the battery in my headtorch (I have one spare and I'msavingit for when I need it) and without a map to guide me, I've learned the layout of the place pretty well.Oh, and in my opinion the xenomorph is not the scariest thing in the game.Maybe this will need an update when I've played more, but I honestly doubt it."
,Recommended,214490,31841635,Posted: 19 May,all,TribalHARRY,"Alien Isolation. A 3 year old game that I am just reviewing now. But, is it worth getting/playing, or just something to ignore? Let’s find out.Backstory: If you have watched the original 1979 Alien film (if you haven’t, what the f*ck is wrong with you? Go and watch it) you’ll know that Ellen Ripley put herself into cryo-sleep after defeating the alien and broadcasting an SOS message. She then goes missing for 60 years. In Alien Isolation, you play as Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen, 15 years after her mother’s disappearance, trying to get some information (or possibly closure) about her mother and what happened to her. Because of this, as soon as she hears that the Sevastopol space station has the flight recorder from her mother’s ship, the Nostromo, she boards the Wayland-Yutani ship, the Torrens, on route to the Savastopol. After boarding the Savastopol, she soon finds that the ship is home to something quite sinister. Your aim is to figure out a way to escape while staying alive.Gameplay: The gameplay consists of sneaking around a space station in an attempt to complete multiple objectives. Some of these being an attempt to kill the alien, others being to get to a certain point in the station (for reasons I won’t divulge), resetting generators or hacking doors to get to your objective. Now, you may think this is mind-bogglingly boring, except, you are being stalked. Throughout this game, you are harassed by the alien who will not leave you alone and wants to take a big nom out of your head. As you move through environments, trying to complete your objectives, you will have to stay low, utilising your tools to keep you alive. Tools such as the noisemaker, Molotov, pipe bomb, and many others. You collect items throughout the game to craft these, but I never found myself running out of components.“Well” you’re thinking to yourself “That’s nottoobad. I can easily avoid that thing”. Well did I mention that hacking, restarting generators, rewiring areas of the ship, is all done in real time? That’s right, the alien can, and will, kill you while you’re completing these tasks. Oh, and not only that, but also save points. Yes, the alien can kill you just as you’re about to save. And with this game not having any checkpoints, when you die, you go back to your last save point. “For goodness sake” You’re probably thinking. “That’s a bit cheap” and I would agree. But the idea is to not let you think you’re safe even for a second. But it’s ok. The alien isn’t in every chapter. “Thank goodness, a bit of respite”. NOPE! Wherever the alien isn’t trying to kill you, a homo-sapien with a gun will try and plant one in your head. That, or a working joe will wait for his opportunity to break your neck, or cave your head in. Basically, you’re never safe while you’re playing this game.Throughout the game, you get equipped with many pieces of equipment. Some of which are used simply to get through doors, such as the Ion Torch, Hack tool, and wrench. Others, such as the revolver, shotgun, and flamethrower, you are free to use at your own discretion. But be careful, the noise emitted by these weapons can, and will, attract unwanted attention. In the later part of the game, I did find that I was a bit too overpowered with the flamethrower being able to scare off the alien. Although it does get through ammo very quickly, I found it a cheap way to escape death if you’re noticed by the alien. One shotgun shell can kill a working joe which meant that I didn’t bother sneaking around them in the late game, I just walked up to them and one-shotted them and then walked around the area at a leisurely pace. I found facehuggers to be an annoyance late-game as they run straight for you and have to be killed or they jump on your face and it’s an inta-kill. I think it was the devs way of trying to balance out overpowering the player, but it’s done badly.The AI: This is the point where the game shines. The game works on a system in which the alien knows your general whereabouts, but not your exact location. Meaning if you move from one area to another and lock the door behind you, you’re only delaying the inevitable. You’ll hear it in the vents and at any time, it’s only a few feet away. The human and Working Joe AI is passable. They mainly patrol back and forward and you just have to wait until their back is to you and then sneak past. They’re basically there to break up the alien encounters.Story: Ever play Dead Space 1? It’s similar in the sense that you are given many tasks to complete, only to get a hearty slap across the face as you find it was all in vein. I understand the devs wanted you to feel like nothing can go right, but it does get a bit annoying as you work hard to complete your objective, only for it to all be for naught. Finally got to the door after avoiding the alien for the last 20 minutes? Being really careful and making sure you don’t get killed? Well tough, the generator will give out just before you get through the door and you have to backtrack for 10 minutes to restart it. That sort of thing. The story is ok with a very disappointing ending (which begs for a sequel) with you trying loads of different ways to escape the Savastopol.Environments: Wow. I don’t think I’ve seen a game this pretty and well optimised in a long time. From dynamic lighting to smoke effects to the love and detail put into the ships, it’s fantastic. I have a friend who owns a 5th series GPU and he can play it maxed out with 60 FPS, optimisation 10/10. I have attached some screenshots linked at the end of this review but it doesn’t do it justice. It’s beautiful. Get it for yourself and experience it personally.Characters: Largely forgettable. You talk to many different survivors on the station all while trying to regroup with your original 2 crew members which you were separated from at the start of the game (this being a side mission of sorts that takes a back seat as you realise you will only bump into these people again when the story demands it). The next part may spoil the story a little, so read at your own risk.One crew member, when you eventually find them after a good 7 hours of gameplay, dies almost instantly.All other survivors you work with die at some point without exception and it becomes obvious no one but you will survive really early in the game. Again, a design choice to make you feel isolated (as the name of the game implies) but it does get slightly monotonous.DLC: The Crew Expendable and Last Survivor are basically cash grabs cashing in on nostalgia. They each last about 20-30 minutes each and they cost £2.79 each, so unless you get the Collection edition, I wouldn’t bother unless you are a die-hard alien fan. Survivor mode is pretty good, but hackers have ruined the leaderboards so you'll be playing it just for fun, which is still good.Conclusion: Overall I paid £8.70 odd for the Alien Collection edition while it was on sale and I think it’s fantastic. I wouldn’t pay full price (£30 for normal edition or £35 for the collection) put it on your wishlist and wait.TribalHARRY.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=926465165http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=924057081http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=926465678"
76561198027574247,Recommended,214490,31823839,Posted: 18 May,all,/RR\ Verrückteraptor,"This game is an outsanding tribute to the original Sci-Fi Thiller. It is a must be to a fan of the franchise, or something that wants to attempt survival with some retro-space technology. 9.5/10."
76561198207052241,Recommended,214490,31852523,Posted: 19 May,all,MoreaShin,"Dear Devs, I am forever afraid of vents now.Alien: Isolation is immersive, beautiful and fear inducing. I added it to my Steam wishlist and waited till it came on sale, which is my suggestion, as you can get an amazing deal on this game if you're patient.I would say this game is for players who enjoy immersive games, this is not a casual game by any means. This game involves a kind of stragedy, and I think the one thing you need to enjoy this is patience. Because you will be spending a lot of time under desks, in vents, behind the closest object you could crawl to, praying you made it in time and trying to remember when your last save point was.The atmostphere is beautiful, from the dust prticles in the air, to the eerie sounds of Savastopol, to the sounds of what lurks in the walls.I highly recommend this game. Play it in a dark room with headphones."
76561198087608680,Recommended,214490,15303335,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Медведь,I never thought robots in a game about Xenomorphes could be so scary
,Recommended,214490,26936290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gassy Snake,"Absolutely fantastic game. Play in the dark with headphones on hard difficulty. If you are a fan of the original Alien film, or horror games in general then this is for you."
76561198009055468,Recommended,214490,31897533,Posted: 22 May,all,Stryx,"The greatest of the Alien themed games, super atmospheric, true to the genre, pretty hardcore (at least on hard difficulty). Scary and wonderful."
,Recommended,214490,31891780,Posted: 21 May,all,memematron,i like the 80s styled future just like the alien movie.
76561197987899597,Recommended,214490,15706199,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,YgdrasilChaosControl,"El mimo y el cariño con el que este juego está hecho no tiene paragón. Toda la ambientación hace que nos sintamos metidos de lleno en el filme que nos asustó hace más de 20 años.Historia que te mantiene enganchado.Gráficos apabullantes.Un enemigo con una IA fascinante y muchas otras pruebas que intentarán acabar con nosotros.Pasar miedo nunca fue tan divertido.PD: Realmente el Xenomorfo es un incomprendido, cuando nos ve corre a darnos un abrazo. Eso es que nos quiere.The attention to detail and the love on which this game has been made it above teh average. The ambientation makes us fully inside the film that scared us more than 20 years ago.A story that hooks you up.Absorving graphics.An enemy with an amazing AI and many other threats that will try to destroy us.To be afraid was never this exciting.PS: Actually the Alien is just a poor misunderstood soul, when it sees us it runs to hug us. It must like us."
76561198058659599,Recommended,214490,32041165,Posted: 29 May,all,GoldenOctopus,"Playing 1h a week, need an entire week to acquire enought courage to play again....HIGHLIGHTS:-AAA Graphics (still exceptionnal for a game released in 2014)-Authentic ""Alien"" Atmosphere-Unpredictable Alien-Terrifying Alien-Spooky AndroidsGet♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by 3 spooky androids a the alien in the same time with ultra HD 4K graphics and terryfing animations and all the stuff..."
76561197972258172,Recommended,214490,12708123,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Alien: Isolation was released a year and eight months following the disastrous Aliens: Colonial Marines. In that time hype had certainly built up around the title that promised to deliver a tense, authentic experience similar to the classic 1979 film that kicked off the franchise as a whole, but then Colonial Marines had promised much the same relative to 1986’s Aliens, and we all saw how that ended up.And whilst hopes remained eternally high, as they always do, trust was relatively low. It helped that we were dealing with Creative Assembly here, who despite the Rome 2 fiasco hadn’t quite garnered the consumer hostility Gearbox seem committed to invigorating (particularly because, unlike Gearbox, CA endeavoured to fix the problems with their game). They found themselves in interesting circumstances following up such a catastrophe with another expectant release within the same IP, and the pressure was on to produce a quality product that would do justice to the film series from whence it came.But would they deliver? Would Alien: Isolation to go turn the tide of player sympathies, or would it go down as just another disappointment following one of the key moments in the collapse of consumer confidence in the AAA gaming industry?You are Amanda Ripley – daughter of Ellen, and an engineer sent out as part of a team travelling to Sevastopol station after the flight recorder of her mother’s ship, the Nostromo, is recovered.  Arriving at Sevastopol, you find the station damaged and the dwindling population less than receptive to meeting new people, but armed humans prove to be the least of your worries, for something stalks the corridors of the station, something alien…What sounds like a simple premise is extended (some may say ‘dragged’) out into a rather lengthy experience - just when you think you’re safe, something goes wrong, and you’re thrown back into the fray again to find another way out. The game kicks you in the balls like this three or four times before the final conclusion, and although some reviewers found this to be frustrating, I never had any huge issues with it - while Alien: Isolation isn’t the most groundbreaking in coming up with ways to keep you in the haunted house for longer than you’d like, the experience of being there is enjoyable enough that I never found it to be tedious.I believe the complaint about the false endings comes from the fact that the gameplay is predominately the same throughout, and when making a stealth-horror game and relying on tension to keep the player captivated and motivated, fear can wear thin when you’re confronted with the similar mechanics and enemies again and again. Fortunately, there's enough creativity and unpredictability at work to keep the player on their toes most of the time, and the game itself is rarely a breeze to get through.The greatest triumph of Alien: Isolation is the xenomorph itself. It’s likely that you’ve heard all about the AI and how they did what they did within the game, but hype aside the Alien is utterly groundbreaking. There’s an issue I sometimes have with games that try to establish innovative mechanics in that they often feel like a tech demo for said mechanic, and have a rather simplistic or shallow execution of said tech. You could criticise the original Assassin’s Creed for this, I personally criticised Shadow of Mordor for the same reason, and I suppose one could level the same accusation at A:I if you didn’t find the gameplay to be your cup of tea. But the sheer aggressive intelligence of the alien makes it a continually menacing foe and keeps the game feeling fresh and exciting even hours in. It’ll track you by sound, disappear into the vents and reappear unpredictably, and move around behind the walls (apparently all within the actual game world – no ambient sound effects tricking you here). Sometimes you’ll hear it in the ceiling and it won’t appear, sometimes it will, and sometimes all the warning you’ll get is a stream of saliva dripping from a vent before you stumble underneath and it drags you up to your death. It can be distracted by crafted devices, but will be less fooled by these the more you use them, and scared off by flames, but this too produces diminishing returns with use. There can be some frustration accompanying the moments in which the Alien relentlessly patrols that one corridor you need to get by to continue, but if you find it becoming tedious, there are mods out there that improve the unpredictability of the creature, and I personally found these to give the game a new life after my first playthrough.Other enemies include the aforementioned humans, and the androids that populate the station - the 'Working Joe's; a legion of no-frills synthetics who all bear the same featureless plastic face, and terrifying glowing eyes. They are controlled by the station's central AI, and are not always hostile to the player, but you'll rarely know their particular inclinations until you get too close. Hostile or otherwise though, they are intimidating and creepy, and are another unforgettably oppressive foe that you'll find yourself desperately avoiding.All this takes place in a gorgeously environment; Sevastopol station is stunningly realised, and you’d be forgiven for thinking that screenshots of the game are photographs as the visuals are photorealistic at times. There's a certain lifelessness to the human characters that tugs at the immersion, but you won't spend a lot of time face-to-face with many humans. The only other quibble I could make about the visuals would be the anti-aliasing (in that even at max settings it is not ideal) and as the camera sways you may notice pixel creeping at the edges of items and scenery, a small flaw that acts as a frayed thread at the seam of the beautiful tapestry that is A:I’s presentation, but generally speaking the game runs exceptionally well for the quality of its presentation.There was a lot of expectation preceding Alien: Isolation’s release, and I think a collective sigh of relief for many people upon playing the game for the first time. The harshest critics may see it as a one-trick pony, although I personally found it to be a consistently gripping experience, and once you’ve gone a few rounds with the xenomorph, you’re unlikely to forget your first time. As stealth games go, A:I manages to lie a few strides ahead of the pack, and CA’s devotion to the 1979 classic film is one clear and present reason for this. It may not be the type of game you’re used to playing from the studio, but perhaps it’s all the better for that."
76561197983011932,Recommended,214490,12933749,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mattrex,"Alien: Isolation is a superb survival horror game that gets just about everything right. Creative Assembly approaches the genre with great confidence, trusting in its vision for setting a mood and sustaining it over the course of the game; the pacing has a natural ebb and flow, which will make you grateful for the moments you can catch your breath. The game builds slowly, and knows when to let off the pressure, so this is not the kind of game you will want to play if you want high-octane thrills every moment you're playing. When the thrills do come (and they WILL come), they will more than make up for the slow introduction.In all technical respects, the game is excellent. Visuals are sharp and distinctive, and the art direction is perfect: the orbital space station Sevastopol, the setting for most of the game, has an early-80s retro-futuristic vibe that comes straight from the original films. People still use boomboxes and cassette tapes, and computer monitors are delightfully blocky and pixelated. Even the posters that are scattered about Sevastopol sell the theme with their visuals and writing. Sound design is also great, which is especially key for the player, as you will use your ears as often as--or more than--your eyes when sneaking and hiding throughout the vast space station.And it is vast: the game took me 31 hours to complete on the hardest setting, taking a little bit of time (but not too much) to collect all of the audio logs and ID tags scattered across the station. Make no mistake, this isn't some six-hour movie in a video game's clothing. A:I has a lot of meat on its bones. Without spoiling things, running and hiding from the Alien is not the only thing that you will be doing in this game, and the story mixes it up with respect to the different threats that you will face throughout the story.The game threads a fine line between helplessness and strength. Like any good survival horror game, you will be severely outgunned and outmatched, especially at the beginning of the game. But gradually, over time, you collect weapons and devices that will aid you in traversing the station and engaging (or avoiding) its inhabitants. But you will not be playing this game like a twitch shooter. When you have to use your weapons, you'll be using them carefully, and keeping in mind your very limited ammunition and supplies. More often than not, a bit of caution and cleverness in deploying a noisemaker or flare to distract your foes will serve you far better than trying to go in guns blazing. Creative Assembly manages to make you feel empowered to deal with the situations that you find yourself in, without ever making you feel invincible or that the threats you face are not threats.Finally, I did not experience any major bugs in the game, and it ran at a very smooth 60+ FPS with all settings maximized on an nVidia GTX 770. I did encounter a couple of minor bugs: one or two very minor graphical glitches that did not impact gameplay at all, and one bug dealing with a mission trigger that didn't trigger, that simply required me to reload an earlier save. (I only lost about ten minutes of progress, which I barely even cared about.) The game never crashed, and ran smoothly in borderless windowed mode, making alt-tabbing utterly painless. The only real annoyance: the unskippable videos when loading the game. Yes, we know, you have corporate sponsors. We don't have to watch their logos every time we start the game.Ultimately, I fully recommend this game to any fan of survival horror, whether or not they are familiar with the Alien franchise. The few negative impulses I had during the game were so minor and so transient that I can barely even remember what they were about. Worth a buy even at full price."
76561198045843559,Recommended,214490,32108642,Posted: 1 June,all,MrPR0PAGANDA,"If you are an alien fan, you will love the visuals and feel of the game. I have given it a positive review because of that environment and because I was on the edge of my seat the entire game listening for any small crack or alien scream to alert me that I was in trouble.That being said, I can't help but agree with people on the problem with backtracking. For the vast majority of the game, the backtracking wasn't a problem because of new equipment that you received that would allow you to divulge on different paths. However, the last few levels of backtracking were just not acceptable and it made it so I didn't appreciate the emotional rollercoaster of a game that I just went through. I don't want to spoil anything, but one level has you go back and forth 4 times in an area that is very linear. It made me feel like dodging the alien the first time meant nothing, as I had to do it 3 more times only with lighting changes.These issues almost ruined the game for me, but thankfully these problems get overshadowed by the incredible visuals (would highly recommend a rig that can play on max settings), excellent sound effects, and an overall enjoyable horror experience.TL;DR,Pros -Great VisualsExcellent Sound DesignGreat for Alien FansCons -Unfortunate Backtracking"
,Recommended,214490,31645139,Posted: 9 May,all,MegaKoi,"""this is a scary game"" -Dunkey"
76561197997131973,Recommended,214490,26590815,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,FridayManul,"I had even more fun with this game than I expected.First thing that surprised me was the opennes of the Sevastopol station. Even though you're being led through it all in campaign, the fact that you often return to the once visited areas gives a good, believable and realistic feeling and an impression that you're not just in some videogame. That implies that the level design is great, each facility is a complex of rooms with hallways, connected with an elevators, functioning as transition points.Another thing that needs mentioning are the enemies. Now you got your regular humans and androids that are predictable , usually move on some marked out path and therefore can be easily avoided. But then you got the Alien. It uses ventilation shafts on the ceiling, then unexpectedly pops down to the room or halway, where he randomly moves and of course reacts to the sounds. This completely changes the dynamics of the gameplay, where you never know when it might suddenly turn around and spot you right when you thought it looks away and you may safely pass. I must say, it took me awhile before I got used to it but I like it, it really adds a lot of tension into the game. Don't worry about being frustrated though, mentioned example doesn't happen that often. :)To help you even the odds, you can craft various gadgets on your way. Just pick up some scrap, glue and electronic parts and you got yourself a noise maker. This works as expected, throw it somewhere in the corner and Alien comes after it. Or anyone else, for that matter.Graphics is really good too, especially the lightning, which gives the game it's perfect atmosphere. If you saw the first Alien movie (as I expect you did, who wouldn't, go see it!), you'll immediatelly recognize the architecture of the original Nostromo ship, including the ""wormhole"" like ventilation openings. A:I is one of those games, where you can point out ""That's why graphics matters!"", because this game would be half compelling and fun if it weren't for such graphical fidelity.Needless to say, I can easily recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,214490,30348626,Posted: 5 March,all,duckyduckyman,This game is a bad pc port. It does not run goog i only get 2 fps and i have good grpy i havve intel 1 hd for the win
,Recommended,214490,28483561,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,powdered_h2o,Quite honestly a masterpiece.Thank you Creative Assembly.
76561198067601036,Recommended,214490,28352315,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Gold Cobra,"it's a must play if you're a fan of the films. as far as plot goes it kind of recycles some stuff from the original film, but adds another layer to it to keep it interesting. i think it's safe to say this game has definitely earned it's rightful place in the alien franchise (compared to a lot of other bad games/movies)there are a ton of weapons and tools which i find makes the game a bit too easy at times, but there's still a lot of opportunities for you to make mistakes and get killed if you're not careful.i only recommend playing it on the hardest difficulty. anything lower and you're wasting a good game. you will ruin the experience if you run it on anything easier."
76561198085787366,Recommended,214490,28651919,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bollarus,"One of the best games of all time, and I've been a gamer for decades."
,Recommended,214490,28681128,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,apocalypse here,Absolutely Terrifying.
,Recommended,214490,31755311,Posted: 14 May,all,NotAReich,"I bought this game,Ignored it for 2 days,Thought hey let's play it,got scared about a cutsceene,keept going,set gamma to max,Walked for a little bit got scared.Cryed.Died so yea good game"
,Recommended,214490,27270267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shapeshifter,The game where someone is just looking for a little love.... and you keep running away.
76561198110344533,Recommended,214490,29989806,Posted: 17 February,all,don'tpushyourfingersintoyoureyes,"If you're a fan of the first two Alien movies, you'll love this game. You'll see why.It's very well optimised and can run even on some low-end machines. Graphics look amazing, very detailed! Game loads incredibly fast. Also, Alien: Isolation game length is not less than 10+ hours, not including DLC (of course if you're not some kind pR0 M4j0R Gam3r BoY who can speedrun any game in a few hours/minutes).Major turnoff is that it has become unstable since the new nVidia drivers (crashes n stuff) and CA do nothing about it. Not everyone experience these issues, but some do (mostly nVidia users).Ignoring the crashes - 10/10."
,Recommended,214490,31715130,Posted: 12 May,all,Private Gokan,im sumetiems a xeno and the portryael of mey specise triggurs meuhgr8 game 10/10
76561198020577995,Recommended,214490,13225258,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TheFilthyCasual,"I am writing this review at 20 past 7 in the morning, because I made the mistake of playing this game's Survivor mode tonight in which you are plopped in an area with temporally-decreasing point valued objectives (for leaderboard positions) and the end goal of simply escaping the area. I had forgotten this mode existed after I completed the campaign. However when I went to try it today, it was such a concentrated dose of pure terror I scared myself half to death and have nothing better to do now than review this game as I could not sleep. I just kept hearing the alien's footsteps continually getting closer and closer but never quite reaching me every time I closed my eyes. This game broke me today.Now I'm not going to sugar coat the plot: it's full of so many redundencies, false endings and pointless sidetracking to pad out the game's length it can at times make you forget WTF you're even doing on the station in the first place. Half the time I couldn't quite recall why I was where I was, because I'd gone on so many sidetrips in pursuit of simply getting off the station I had no sight of that ultimate goal. Even when escape does become the priority, the game's last hour is needlessly padded out with multiple false ends and probably the most linear and boring level design in the game. Couple that with a badly handled actual ending (I'd talk about it but, you know, spoilers), and the last hour of the game I found unsatisfying and somewhat of a chore. It's a shame because the penultimate set pieces in the decaying, exploding, pitch black corridors of Sevastopol (the station, not the recently-Putinized port) are as terrifying as any other encounter in the game.And indeed, it is a testiment to the quality of that survival horror experience that is the game's core that I can forgive the padding and the backtracking and the subpar plot (and forgettable characters, all of whom but the player character die (obviously) and none getting any meaningful development). And indeed, this is a true survival horror - as in, it is about surviving an overpowering threat through intelligence and guile rather than any kind of badassery. This is not Amnesia or Outlast in space - those games are virtual haunted houses. This is an actual GAME, with MECHANICS and levels designed to INCORPORATE said mechanics (are these concepts ringing any bells, Frictional Games? No offence but other than sheer terror your games have little going for them; good thing they're♥♥♥♥♥♥your-pants-terrifying then, yeah?). It is a game not just about completing whatever mind-numbingly redundant or semi-important task the excuse for a plot has assigned you, it's about scavenging offices and tables, nooks and cranies for those classic nuggets of classic survival horror, resources. Because let me tell you, with fuel for the flamethrower, EMP mines, flashlight batteries and noisemakers your life becomes not only harder but quite likely short as well.There are three enemies you will encounter in your quest to escape/♥♥♥♥-around-for-hours-before-deciding-it-might-be-a-good-time-to-escape, and I'll address them in order from least to most awesome. There are human survivors who are so unhinged from the sheer terror the alien has distilled in them that they shoot at anyone they don't know, meaning you as well. I find it hard to believe the justifications for these people trying to kill you given the greater looming threat fo the alien, and with their AI being the worst of said enemy types (sidestepping to hit me instead of continually firing at the wall is something even the COD AI has figured out by now) I really wish there had been no human enemies altogether. Luckily after the game's opening levels almost everyone on the station si dead and you stop running into them.The second type fo enemy, and the only kind other than the alien that are genuinely creepy, are Seegson's (the budget-price alternative to Weyland-Yutani that nobody buys from) Working Joe androids that maintainance the station. They are controlled by APOLLO, Sevastopol's central AI, who, as we can all imagine, actually works against the survivors so that no harm comes to the Alien. The Working Joes don't look real, like WL synthetics, but they lie in the uncanny valley and thus are genuinely unsettling, especially when their eyes turn glowing red when they become hostile, all the while spouting off standardized friendly greetings and advice while APOLLO directs them to beat people, like you, to death. Luckily they can't run, only walk, so you can outpace them - the trouble is to not get cornered by the buggers, which can easily happen if you frantically start running from one and bump into another.The Alien itself is the star of the show. It is truly one of the greatest enemies ever put in a game, and I say that quite seriously. This game is channelling Alien, not Aliens. This thing - and there is only one, not hundreds as in the sequel movies - cannot be disposed of by some pistol rounds to the cranium like Vasquez so badassly did in Aliens. In fact, nothing at your disposal can kill it. In addition to its imperviousness to your weapons, it is also stronger than you, faster than you, has an impeccable sense of hearing, some kind of keen 'sight' (though it has no eyes, and no one has ever specified exactly how the Alien sees), and a geniune interest in finding you. This one enemy represents the single greatest leap forward in AI programming since the sandbox-compatible FPS AI for the NPCs in Crysis. It is wicked, WICKED smart. It has no set pathing. It has no set routes. Except for a few particular set pieces, the Alien is entirely run by dynamic AI. It is simply placed in the level, and its AI programming takes the hunting-you-down part from there. It methodically searches levels for the player, checking posisble blind spots (though not all - can't make lockers the only places to hide can we?), every so often deciding to turn around and head in a different direction. In this hide and seek game it very much acts like it is, well, ""It"". I could go on forever about how intricate and detailed the Alien's AI appears to be (I have no hard facts for you since I obviously didn't program it), but suffice it to say it is GOING to outsmart you many times. It is unpredictable to a very large degree, and you will never feel safe. Did I mention it was fast? Yeah, it's reeeaally fast. As in, if it sees you, you'd better be able to break line of sight and hide IMMEDIATELY or it WILL kill you, and it DOES insta-kill you if it grabs you. Only molotovs, pipe bombs and the flamethrower can ward it off (and still can't kill it), and even then it only retreats to the nearest vent, only to pop back out of it a few seconds later. This thing REQUIRES stealth to circumvent, and since you basically have no HUD (your health bar and equipped item are all you can see) you have to use your senses, your smarts and that motion tracker (which IT CAN HEAR, by the way) to sneak around rather than relying on some kind of gimmicky stealth mechanic that tells you when you're visible or♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. When this thing shows up the game becomes hardcore old-school-stealth difficult (the game even says it was meant to be played on hard), and will die a LOT. Get used to it, especially with the manual save stations being spaced out. People ♥♥♥♥♥ about it, but somehow think it's fine in Dark Souls cuz it's Castlevania 3D? Grow a pair and learn-2-sneak.I'd go on about the 100% perfection that is the art direction and sound design but I've reached the work limit for these Steam reviews, so: If you're a survival horror fan who's been lacking a decent game of that type for the past decade, or want to experience again the terror of Alien instead of the adrenaline pump of the sequels, GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,214490,17142682,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Deadly Burger,hide and seek featuring the legendary and friendly Alien. What's not to love?
,Recommended,214490,16244677,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,=phX=King_Camp,A good heart bounding game.
,Recommended,214490,31912216,Posted: 22 May,all,Diamond,If you'r a Alien fan then play this!
76561198093755598,Recommended,214490,15169668,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Dankmiss Evermeme,"10/10 graphics10/10 feel10/10 atmosphere10/10 feeling of dread when the Alien shows up10/10 never bored10/10 for game lengthThe ambient sounds and the rare use of music works extremely well, in my opinion. 10/10Top class stealth survival horror game, one of the best I've played. 10/10All in all: 11/10"
,Recommended,214490,15175916,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Catsman_AT,"If you liked the Alien movies (particularly the first two, the others are bullcrap in my opinion) then you will definitely like this game! it's really cinematic and based on stealth and running (from the creature). I can assure you that you get the same thrilling ride and pants-pooping moments as when watching the movies.Don't literally run though, it makes too much noise. I'd recommend for maximum experience keeping depth of field and the music on, the music really does it. Because i was already♥♥♥♥♥♥scared enough i played with the music not that high and without the depth of field blur so i could see better.The game has a new story which i won't spoil for you, and on ultra graphics settings everything looks amazing and so reall the details and everything, adding to the immersion in the game. It's really tough to get through the game on hard mode, which is the recommended setting for best game experience  (it says so in difficulty seleciton menu). I put 25 hours in the game on hard mode to finish it, and i even did the last 2-3 levels on novice because at some point the aliens are not THAT scary anymore, but i just wanna walk quickly and not wait ages until they leave a room sometimes. and sometimes, or even regularly, they don't allow me to cross the room before they re-appear through a vent!the only downsides to the game are sometimes having to walk back through the same areas with the alien, which is really frustrating and boring because it goes slow, and it's basically the same you did earlier but in reverse. towards the ending of the game, it also felt to me like i was less immersed in the story and it was more about prepping stupid things and pulling levers and powing up generators just to get onboard a rescue ship. This part was boring to me and took too long.another downside was having to find out where to go or what to pick up. if you have to sneak and crouch around every corner and dont have very big time windows while all you are doing is ssearching for an item or console, it gets really frustrating if you have no idea where to look or what to look for because you can't run around and 'scan' things as if you were flipping pages on a book. So it's definitley not like dead space, running around to find that item or butting and blasting everything on your way to cinders. this is something the developers couldve improved because i really couldn't find the area where they wanted me to go, or the lever i had to pull for instance.A great game! for one or two play-htroughs."
76561198029329286,Recommended,214490,15176880,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Juba,"10/10, no sarcasm. I'm very excited. I don't know so much good words in English to describe this game, but i would give this game ""game of the 2014"" award, if i could. Try it on Hard difficulty at least like i did, real hardcore and amazing"
,Recommended,214490,12438411,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Erasmus,"Ok, so a rarely write a review, but this one is warranted. This game at times has scared the hell out of me, shocked me, found myself unconciously holding my breath, and caused me (46 year old man) to turn on my office lighs in the middle of the night. All I have to say is BRAVO Warner Brothers, BRAVO!"
76561198122001388,Recommended,214490,15163289,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dougmun,"After only playing a few hours of the game i can honestly say i have been at the brink of terror through. The sound track is absolulty phenominal, as it works so well with the situation you're are in so it adds to the dynamic effects. Although it is a severly demanding game if you want ultra graphics and high FPS, even on low graphical settings whcih i have on myself for a boosted FPS increase, this game runs so well. However, you may need to adjusta few key binds as normal, sensitvity etc. So if i was you and had a spare few pounds (£) i would definatly go ahead and get this game :D"
,Recommended,214490,31930932,Posted: 24 May,all,Optic_Erunk,Played 15 minutes. got lost. got scared.
76561198086868722,Recommended,214490,13187002,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,tsunami,"This was a good game and extreamly frustrating game but i loved it! i hope they DO NOT STOP making alien games, alien was my favorate monster ever, predators good but no beating the beast for good, eventuly alien triumph, well anyway...this game got me in stiches i really had to look up walkthroughs cus i dreaded when alien was wondering the coridors but when i was victorios... wow what a rush... i don't want to big this game up for you before you play but i enjoyed it lotsreally good game would be extinction, really is my favorate game, not the same at all but fps / tactical 3rd person extinction rocks my thoughts... yes, out of context again ...if you like roaming coridors and close encounters, this game is for you.. frustration came to me though when weppons stop working on alien and well no health not that sort of game really."
,Recommended,214490,13592353,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bamferness,"This game is incredibly atmospheric, get ready to have countless chills crawl up your spin as you are stalked by an invulnerable man killing monster from the darkness."
,Recommended,214490,13561819,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kingsclone A1,The Alien is going to kill you.The Alien will kill you many times.Alien: Isolation is the best game of 2014.
76561198052348439,Recommended,214490,13537328,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Яцssїaи Cїґcцs Бєaя,"Just, get the game. You will love it... after you stop screaming."
76561197968609009,Recommended,214490,13605885,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DragonBjorn,Heart pounding fun. Beautiful environments. Unexpected twists. Looking forward to a sequel!
,Recommended,214490,12445606,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Nanae,"Walk under a suspicious vent with drool like liquid dripping, got sucked into the abyss.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,12395483,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Truther,"What can I say... they really nailed it 10/10 the game is amazing, truly the Aliens game we all have been waiting for. Alien Isolation is super polished, graphics and audio are top notch, the store is great as well full of twists.  thank you so much Creative Assembly much respect!"
76561198007448372,Recommended,214490,13517189,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Half-Vampire,The best game i played in 2014.
76561197974466015,Recommended,214490,13504979,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chief Keef,playing on a normal monitor =2spooky4meplaying on oculus rift = 3spooky5me
,Recommended,214490,13512292,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Thrawn05,"No other creature in movies or other media haunted me so much as does the Alien.  Being exposed to the first movie at a very young age (5 or 6), that thing has given me nightmares even as an adult.  I have played pretty much any and all Alien game since.  But this one, this has me quivering in fear.I love it and hate it at the same time.  I love the atmosphere, I love the music and storyline (at least what I can play to) and the Alien is modeled and animated perfectly.  I hate that I don't have the stomach to play this.  Simply because the Alien (at least to me) is so very much alive and not a mindless pulse rifle fodder.  This is a childhood terror that has returned to me in adulthood and I thank good people at CA to finally make this game.  Anyone who loves the first Alien film must play this game.  Even if you never can complete it (I know I will, just need a lot more time). Just play it."
,Recommended,214490,12484892,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Frisk,"""Ripley could you go and-""-Everyone on the ship10/10"
76561198053276643,Recommended,214490,13324376,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Kosmocat,it was and pretty scary but after the first part it is okay but fun oh and have a good pc and headset
76561197963420103,Recommended,214490,13302371,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Gallagos,"Fantastic game, definitely one of the most overlooked games of 2014.  Easy sell if your even remotely interested in survival horror genre.  If not, wait until it's on sale."
,Recommended,214490,13328202,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,yryn,"Ye flipping gods. I felt like a scared little school girl throughout this game. The thudding sounds of the alien footsteps as it skulks past the locker I'm hiding in will haunt me forever.10/10 Would recommend to anyone with a heart condition wanting to take themselves out.  (best Alien, survival horror game I've ever played)"
76561198154989166,Recommended,214490,13426196,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ipaboog,"Incredible, as someone who knows very little bout the Alien franchise and haven't even seen all the movies and is still so into it throught all that ""it's only nostalgia"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t out the window!This is the only game i've ever considered to be genuinely scary, the only horror game to literrly stress me the hell out casue it's so intense and realistic I forget i'm playing a game and my heart is pounding! The only horror game to make me wanna give up because the Alien us such an incredible Apex predetor, never have I felt the Alien is buggin' out or acting outside what it's boundries should be (over powered/over sensetive-wise)I regret ever bothering w/ Resident Evil/Evil Within/ Dead Space/ Outlast/ DOOM, granted there are more and a lot of the games I mentioned are solid games I enjoy but hardly ""Scary"" horror elements, sure. BUt hardly close to the experience this game gives. You HAVE to be cunning, swift, fearless, and curious to make it in this game. You're an engineer which is badass and you must use your mechanical knowledge and enginuity to survive which is way more then I can say for all the games I listed to compare- they are all sub-par action games w/ attempts of horror/survival but their lack of realism and surviving left them w/ nothing left to do but cram action and huge gun fights.Hats of to this wonderful game. It truly is a game of wit and endurance and i've yet to even play the expansions hahah, I totaly recommend this game to anyone but watch Aliens atleast (the second one because it recaps all the story and what goes down and the Marine part of the film is classic it always makes me laugh.)"
76561197970787854,Recommended,214490,13419246,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,RightHander,This is the Alien game Ridley Scott would make.
,Recommended,214490,13418223,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Skav,"Absolutely thrilling experience. This is probably my Game of the Year for 2014. There are a variety of reasons for this which I will explain in this spoiler-free review.First of all, I will start by saying I am a horror junkie. Ever since Resident Evil I have been addicted to the tension provided by horror games, particularly survival horror, and the puzzle-solving that is often incorporated. Honestly, it is hard to find true survival horror nowadays, as most horror games focus too much on the jump-scare and gore, rather than the actual game.The best contender in this area before was Amnesia, as it made you hugely vulnerable throughout the story while keeping in touch with the game-play of escaping danger and progressing while managing resources. Dead Space was a disappointment for me because rather than survival it progressively became more and more of an action game throughout the campaign, with jump scares. There is no resource management as you always have ammo. While Dead Space is still excellent, it does not provide true survival horror and instead focuses much more heavily on tension.Alien: Isolation is not the case. This is by far a survival game at its core. I was genuinely impressed with how the developers chose to create the game. Rather than choosing the obvious course, which would be playing through a space ship infested by multiple xenomorphs (monsters), they chose to add a variety of threats, each one a unique challenge. There is only one xenomorph in the entire game, that follows you throughout your adventure. If you make too much noise, activate electronics, trip over clutter, or otherwise draw attention to yourself, you have a chance of attracting the xenomorpth and if that happens well good ♥♥♥♥ing luck; you will die unless you can truly outsmart it which is unlikely as it has better everything than you. So you constantly need to be careful as you progress and this tension makes you feel like you are actually in danger. I won't spoil the other threats but they are also present, and they are equally as scary. Not just because of their inherent nature, but because if you get caught by them you will summon the Alien.No other game provides a mechanic like this, and it is truly what makes the game. You have to make decisions. Do you take the quick path and knock over some crates to escape one threat and then attract the Alien? Or do you sneak about and work your way around the threat, or dispatch the threat quietly? Of course this will use up your resources, ammo, and health.You must manage all your resources which makes the game a true survival horror. Ammunition is highly effective, but precious, and hard to come by. Your health will naturally degrade due to burning fires, broken floors, poisonous gasses, and other threats that you would find on a damaged ship. This makes it imperative to always scrounge around for supplies so you can make health kits and keep yourself going. The inventory also does not pause the game, so you can't pause and quickly heal, you have to do it in a safe place. Again, this only adds to the survival element.I was somewhat skeptical when I first played this game seeing as how it's based on a film and in my experience very few games actually live up to being a game when they are based on a movie. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not this game could have nothing to do with Alien and still be a perfect title on its own. The development team did an excellent job to make this a competent undertaking. For example, most games now use mouse smoothing and acceleration (I believe this is done to drive sales for controllers or to make the mouse feel more like a controller, don't ask me I think it's stupid). However, this game, as far as I can tell uses a raw mouse input which feels so much more natural and as a PC gamer works much better than a controller. This game has been polished all around to make it feel complete and well-designed for gamers.Not only this, but the game focuses heavily on the first film. This was the only good Alien movie in my opinion, excluding the sequel which I regard as a completely different genre than the first. All you need to do is watch the first film and disregard the others, and this game will take you from there. There is no crazy new things that polluted the Alien mythos which I am supremely happy about. In fact, this game is if anything the sequel to the first movie. That is how good it is and that is how high the production value is in this title.The story is good too, but I won't spoil it. It is enough to keep you interested and is actually refreshing compared to the plot of other similar stories, even though it borrows a few ideas. Again, I was surprised at this. I was expecting a basic rehash of the first Alien movie. Not the case.In my opinion this is the game Dead Space should have been, and it holds strong as a game of its own. I was completely expecting some high-budget effect-ridden action horror game full of Alien cliches with a terrible story. However, not only did it meet my expectations of what I really wanted in a horror, but it actually exceeds them. Unbelievable."
,Recommended,214490,13383250,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,rogueS1X,"I hate single player games, i get so bored I can't last more than an hour playing them.BUT MAN, THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!This ♥♥♥♥ING game is one of the best games I have ever played!"
,Recommended,214490,13381724,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Tubby_Custard,"An incredibly scary and tense game where the only advantages you have over the Xenomorph is intelligence and luck. The little details and alternate routes are everywhere, you can play one map 5 times and still find a different path to your adjective. Truly an amazing game and I very much reccomend this to everyone. The Devs on this game went above and beyond and it shows. 10/10 no doubt."
,Recommended,214490,15216841,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,G3ko,"Alien: Isolation reviewafter completion, took a 24 hour break for everything to settle down...Including my heart rate...Wow, what a game.The main story puts you in Amanda Ripleys shoes and sends you off in search of Ellen Ripley, but what you find is only the Infamous Xenomorph and a lot of really disfunctional Androids and Humans.The pacing is done in a the most thrilling and immersive way they could possibly think of. Everything from the soundtrack, the ambiance, the beeping and sounds of the devices had me on edge every step of the way, so I felt really pressured into playing it as stealthy as I could.The alien AI is perfect as is for the scare and ever looming sense of impending doom in the form of thumps... Growing nearer with each occurrence, waiting for that metal clang which signals that it went into a vent, that always seems to not be soon enough.Counter point to Alien AI: it's not clear what it's supposed to be doing. Spoiler to behavior here:It's a bit immersion breaking to see the Alien go around aimlessly searching for something in a room in which you're hiding even if there was no sound, or he never heard or seen someone in there. Some fine tuning wouldn't be missplaced, as explosions in other parts of the station didn't change his searching behavior in any way. I would've expected at least a pause.The story is excellent, in that it both captures the feel from the original Alien, as following the story of the Companys relentless pursuit to capture the creature, and marking all their employees as expendable. After going through the final levels, and having a few moments to think of how it could end to snuggly fit into the beggining of Aliens, where Amanda is first mentioned, I had my own little scenario in mind. I was somewhat dissapointed in the conclusion, as it felt either rushed, or not fully exploited due to the buildup.I'd love to see some original story plans for this part, since the story seems to have been building up to a different endingGameplay wise, it forces you to play stealth starting Mission 5 (which was the bane of my existence to get past), and after getting the Flamethrower, you feel empowered since you can repell the Alien for short amounts of time. However, having to play switch this button, go through long narrow corridor with Alien ever looming around, open door, blown generator, go back to restart generator parts felt rather tedious and annoying. Yes, immersion was high, and the stress was on, but I was more annoyed than anything to what felt as an artificial prolonging of the level, when at least I have to re-do a gut crawl all around the hostile area 3 times in a row. Thankfully, these instances aren't that many.Overall, this game was a blast to play through. Worth every cent to someone who apreciated the Alien lore and feel of the first movie, and a game I wanted to play ever since the original AvP from 2000."
76561198254170878,Recommended,214490,31490248,Posted: 1 May,all,CommanderCheese,"I've known this game was out for a while, but recently got it. Why? A lot of Alien games are just not good. And I thought this would be a bad game. Man was I wrong.First, Alien Isolation's story is outright AWESOME, and never gets repetitive. Every mission is different from that last, and stays scary and enjoyable without seeming dull. Next, the graphics....OH MY, they're just outstanding. My FPS on this game is through the roof, and my temperatures on my GPU and CPU barely go past idle. Aside from performance, the game looks looks beautiful, and the effects and lighting are killer. Meanwhile, the alien itself is just outright terrifying. It's complex and unpredictable AI makes this game even more fun and scary, while having fluid animations and sounds.Only thing I don't like about Alien: Isolation are some of the characters you meet, who are rather dull. Honestly, other than that, this game is perfect for you if you want some nice scares and want a horror game that isn't 10 hours long (the length of playtime on Alien: Isolation averages around 25 hours I've heard, but for me I'm at almost 30 and I am barely halfway!)Anyways, this game is a solid 10/10, best alien game and one of the best horror games ever!"
76561198069927072,Recommended,214490,24977433,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,🎃 SpoopyRaven 🎃,"-Amazing graphics-Awesome and long story-Amazing audio (recommend headset use)-controller support, in case you wondered-Beautiful Cinematics-ACTUALLY feels like a horror survival game-Survivor mode is preety good (not as good as story though)Also one of the only newer horror game, that actually scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Havent played such a good horror game in many years.Put that headset on, pump up the volume, lights off, night time outside, and you're ready for one hell of a time.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,24984085,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Angry Rainbow Big Boss,"The Engineers themselves wouldn't have attempted to ruin humanity if they knew that we would produce such an amazing game.The sounds are extremely well done , if sometimes perhaps just a tad bit glitchy.The visuals present the unique 80's sort of retrofuturistic look that the original alien had and the lighting always set a tone.The xenomorph itself is scary enough , but the lack of different kill animations makes the horror sort of dull after a bit , but that doesn't dullen the gameplay at all.The only time I've ever had this much fun in an alien game was in Alien versus Predator , which I believe released in 2010, and allowed you to play as a human , yaujta , or xenomorph. So the fact that the only other fun alien game wasn't an alien game , I think it's easy to say that this is a perfect buy for any fan of the Alien series when it's on sale. I haven't played the DLC , by the way."
76561198203619396,Recommended,214490,24988233,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,nibble,"After spending more than 45 hours on this game, I have to say it's one of the best and SCARIEST games I've ever played. Throughout almost the entire game, there's a feeling of constant, terrifying tension and dread, as you have no idea where the Alien is or when it will pop up. But not only is it the Alien you have to worry about, but the HUGE uncertainty of the other NPC characters on board the ship. Some could be nice and helpful and give you items you need to craft vital items, whereas some, as soon as you're seen, will try and kill you and loot your items.Some of the negative things about the game were:1. The Alien's VERY annoying AI patternWhen you're trying to fix an elevator, or get a security card needed to open a door, you're BOUND to run into the Alien and have to hide. But the problem with this is that you would (at times) only have literally a three second window to escape. Sometimes, instead of it being scary, it became very annoying, with the fact that you would just keep dying, and dying, and dying, over and over again. Soon enough, I found that I wasn't even scared by that one specific point anymore because of the amount of times I've had to repeat it, and that it simply became annoying.2. The game's EXTREMELY LONG lengthAlthough it is very entertaining, with so much to do throughout the entire game, one thing that wasn't a good thing about the game was it's enormous length. In the first part of the game, and someway to the end, it became very intense and scary and it was good. The ending was also AMAZING and that really added to the already amazing game. But around almost the entire middle of the game was literally just trying to get into elevators, but they need security cards, you get the security card, but then while riding it, the elevator breaks, and you have to take detour, after detour, after detour, and eventually, you start to think ""WHEN WILL THIS GAME END"". It's fresh at the start, and amazing towards the finish, but the meat in between seems to just drag on, and on, and on, quickly running out of ideas, and just making the game seem exhausting to play, which is not a good thing when you want people to ENJOY the game, not feel like it's a chore.My verdict: I would recommend it to a friend that enjoys having the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of them HEAPS, but also a friend that doesn't mind the length of the game."
,Recommended,214490,25134860,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,KibblesGenesis,This is really a great game if you love space as much as i do! Its from a later era but it has really good graphics! if you want to understand it alot more watch the movies on put locker! its well worth the money! I recomend it!
76561198057831571,Recommended,214490,28827205,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,skatan86,"For me this is by far the most suspenseful Alien game in the series. And although some reviewers like the infamous IGN review have judged this game as boring and repetitive, i never had that feeling whilst playing. I love the way that Creative Assembly honored the original Alien movie designs, and the suspense of a huge fricking alien following you around in a broken down spacestation and reacting to your noise is absolutely killing, sometimes literally!If you're into horror and suspense, this is the game for you!"
76561198032646304,Recommended,214490,28708493,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sgt Lincoln Osiris,"Alien Isolation is a bitter sweet Survival Horror game,it relies on heavy steath to get through its close to 20 hr story mission.It starts of great but kind of drags on at mid pointThe Alien A.I is amaizing and unpredictable,unlike some horror games i played their A.I is preety predictableThe atmosphere is really good! Which made the game imersion level over 9000Really good vibe given by the game the alien egg,mini spider alien thingy.Daymm!Overall Id Absolutely recomend this game to those who love the alien franchise,huge steath or just wanna pick a new horror game to get the heart racing."
,Recommended,214490,29258888,Posted: 14 January,all,Halo,mastermind and mind blow as it is too much-sacred games so well go sega as they did make lot of mistake long ago since 1980 ... and much Atmosphericit is overall worth recommend for most player who did play first person shooting as now scared games which it is most silent model where i use it 5.1 speaker with amps and 4k monitor also
76561198141558406,Recommended,214490,28658727,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Faceless Chode,make sure you got nice specs. surface pros wont cut it.
,Recommended,214490,27375613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aliendejoe,"Hiding in the locker Simulator.Unbelievable authentic to the 1979's Ridley Scott classic. The sound design is among the best I've ever heard in a videogame. The visuals, while not groundbreaking, are a perfect fit for the aesthetic of the world, you truly feel like you are on an Alien movie.The Alien game the fans have been waiting for, it only took 35 years to get made.PS. Nominated for The ""Villain in most need of a hug"" Award."
76561198083673373,Recommended,214490,27804159,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dellvil,Best movie game even if you are not a fan of alien this game is one of the best fps/horror games a must buy 10/10
76561198125506216,Recommended,214490,27857985,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Matalahm,"This game is stellar. It has great atmosphere and will kep you interested for hours. The graphics are stunning and the sound development is amazing at creating a scary environment for you to hide around in. The gameplay is fantastic as you get to craft various items and test their effectiveness to your individul playing style. Great game, definitely recommend."
76561198287176064,Recommended,214490,28934659,Posted: 2 January,all,quasilapras,I love this game so much.Justice for the Alien franchise at its best :D
76561198048068122,Recommended,214490,27254660,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gthrowercfs,Poor Alien just wants a hug.
76561198168432090,Recommended,214490,29277608,Posted: 15 January,all,Dinossfin,best game.
,Recommended,214490,28202246,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,mahlie,"this ""game"" is so good. i became addicted to it because of its highquality asmr characteristics and its extremely pleasing visual aesthetics. the psychological impact while playing is intense and brutal in an elegant way (but this will, of course!?, depend on your personality, gaming skills and the level of difficulty you choose for playing. i'm reviewing this from the ""novice""-mode point of view + i'm a quite sensitive, empathetic person & unexperienced in combat/action-focussed games: i find this game very challenging).if you're looking for a big & very very slow-paced stealth game with an action/egoshooter-vibe to it and which is set in a gloomy (almost postapocalyptic-style) space station with lots of things to explore BUT with ""a few"" enemies and a monster present, alien: isolation is a game you might enjoy experiencing."
,Recommended,214490,27910388,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SpooKimmel,Ai sucks
76561197970388715,Recommended,214490,26545823,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,THE BROWN EYED K!NG,"If you have a fairly powerful PC and don't own this game then you are missing out on possibly one of the best horror/sci-fi games ever made. It's like playing an amazing film, only better. Ridley Scott would be proud.I'm an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and having played thousands of games over the last 22 years I can say this is in my top 5 all time greatest games list."
76561197961199341,Recommended,214490,27303068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sedla,"If you love the movies, then you'll love this game. Its as simple as that."
,Recommended,214490,17269067,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Spuddywuddy,pros:-Scary as hell (Fresh panties are required)-Solid story-Long (Took me 25 hours on hard)-Music really adds to the tension-GraphicsContra:-Human NPC's are daft as a brush-Somewhat clunky menu's for weapon/item selection and terminal navigation.Best horror game i ever played 9/10
76561197999243021,Recommended,214490,29589587,Posted: 30 January,all,Archangel,"Really a great game. The Alien creeped me out in so many occasions. I played this game on Hard difficulty for a while, but I had to lower it down because I've never been so scared. Now I can't sleep without a flamethrower under my pillow.10/10 thank you for making this game"
,Recommended,214490,29532378,Posted: 27 January,all,Alec Denston,"Very good game, recommended! It's very spoopy too! :p"
76561198138304174,Recommended,214490,24611274,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pyrrhus,"A great ride and a must-have for fans of the original films. I watched Alien and Aliens with my dad when I was like 13 and I was scared shi*less back then already lol. The great thing IMO about this game is that they just nailed it in terms of bringing the scenarios from Alien and Aliens across in an authentic environment. I played is through start to finish on the Nightmare mode, and holy sh*t, all I can say is get ready to crap your pants. Because, no matter how safe you think you are behind that container buddy, that mofo is right behind you lmao. Get ready to be caught a lot and scared to sh*t. However, even if you are new to survival games (like me) I still STRONGLY recommend you play this on hard or nightmare, because its just so terrifying and realisitic. You really feel like you are in that station, isolated, lost and vulnarable. Ammunition runs out FAST and you have to play extremely careful, but it is so bloody worth it when you shove in your save into the slit (no pun intended) and save another hour of progress, it feels so good haha.So yeah, if you saw the films and you liked them, must-buy IMO, otherwise, idk tbh. But seriously, watch the damn films (Alien and Aliens) if you have not, they are amazing."
76561198210685721,Recommended,214490,22575916,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Tiger,"One of the best games Ive ever played. The graphics were great, gameplay fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ The soundeffects were magnificent. Story was good too. I highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,214490,27571931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aaron (SFC),It's the most authentic Alien game experience I have ever played. Hope there will be a sequel coming!
76561198034155498,Recommended,214490,28228112,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,formlessform,Good so far...detailed and atmospheric. Great sound and music.
76561198003096538,Recommended,214490,27342988,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ashman,Quite simply the scariest game I've ever played and certainly the most tense!
,Recommended,214490,27846516,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,B01scout,"I loved playing the game. The athosphere is intense, the audio is great and the graphics are nice.It's a must have for Alien fans."
76561198037334135,Recommended,214490,26049629,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Andrew,I'm 30.I'm an adult.I stopped playing because I'm too scared.
,Recommended,214490,25937298,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,★ S p o o k s t r o ★,"----------------Atmosphere: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Story: 8/10Graphics: 9/10----------------Wonderful horror game. It relies on terror and atmosphere to get youto jump out of your chair. Strongly recommended, plus its a decentlylong."
,Recommended,214490,29442266,Posted: 23 January,all,Darramouss,So scary it will make liquid cack flow from your XXL tracksuit bottom legs.
76561197991633092,Recommended,214490,29949707,Posted: 15 February,all,Drej,"*beep* *beep* *beep* ....... *BEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEP* *death*.That was an accurate depiction of what WILL happen to you in Alien: Isolation. Cornered in a room, in a closet, under a desk, in an air vent, clinging desperately to your motion tracker, praying to whatever gods you believe in that that.... THING wont find you... and it will. OH it will.Alien Isolation is a sci fi horror game / emergency laxative where you play as Ellen Ripley's daughter, Amanda, and explore the space station equivalent of hell. This ""hell"" Is a faithful recreation of the atmosphere of Ridley Scott's original ""Alien"" film in almost every way, with the ""used future"" aesthetic dominant in all of the game's environments, and several of the environments are lifted straight from the movie itself.Amanda is stalked the entire game by the trademark Alien, but this time, hes REALLY out to get you, controlled by one of the smartest, hardest to circumvent AI's Ive ever experienced in a game. It will stalk you, learn from you and become resistant to distractions to get around it.Your only defense is a dinky flamethrower which uses fuel very quickly, and several craftable gadgets, most of which do nothing to the alien at all. And when your fuel and gadgets run out, you're straight up dead. Many people i heard talking about this game complain of two flaws: the game being too long and the game being too difficult. To address these issues, i think the games difficulty harkens back to a time where you actually had to use your BRAIN and PAY ATTENTION in games. God forbid a game comes out like this today to upset all of the people out there busy playing the next incarnation of ""captain assault rifle's adventure through angry terrorist town"". Stealth is the key word here, as you can't just run and gun through the space station, instead being forced to take a more subtle and careful approach.For me, the difficulty is a breath of fresh air. And as for the length, if I'm going to spend 40 dollars on a game, i want it to last a long time, especially since this game takes you through so many interesting environments absolutely FILLED with CRT monitors.A:I Was probably the most stressful game I've ever played, And it's certainly not a game for those who are bad in high pressure situations. Many of my friends simply put the game down after a certain point because after that point, the Alien is just... THERE, and after a certain point in the game, I NEVER felt safe again.TL;DR: The scares are there, the atmosphere is stellar, Ripley's a badass and the alien is terrifying.10/10 game, would poop pants again."
,Recommended,214490,27810622,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doulldozer Flower's Pet,"This game honestly...It gave me nightmares at some points cause it scared me that much. They took the silent hill approach, rather than constant scripted jumpscares you feel like the entire environment is hostile. Nothing is on your side and you feel like at any moment something can happen, even if the xenomorph isnt currently prowling around for you his thumping around in the vents still makes you nervous.Pros +- Xenomorph is incredibly smart and learns your tactics, keeps you on your toes.- Characters you can sympthesize with and a nice story.- Facehuggers.... Scary little buggers that catch you out constantly- Motion sensors beeping getting louder and louder keeps you on your toes.- The environment never feels safe, even when your hiding you don't feel safe.- Androids are an obstacle you need to conquer and can push you into a bad situationCons -- Human Ai is below par, probably because most of the memory went to the xenomorph.- Too many sections with androids, they are meant as an obstacle not a constant bullet sponge to wreck your ammo count.- On nightmare the xenomorph is excrutiatingly sensitive and it can become really frustrating at times.- Some really pointless sections where you walk outside, press a button and then spacewalk back.- If this game isnt played correctly it will punish you. The xenomorph will become desensitized to everything you do and will make your life really hard.OverallOverall I would throughly recommend this game for those who love the survival horror genre. The xenomorph is obviously your main enemy and it isnt even scary, the xenomorph is a creepy presence which feels like its clinging to you. The xenomorph learns your tactics as you go on so if you are incredibly aggressive the later section of the game will prove quite hard. Androids are another enemy and they mainly exist as an obstacle although an enemy in some cases. Do anything unauthorised and these androids will promptly walk up to you and smack you while saying your becoming hysterical. The humans are the final enemy and well... They barely pose a threat. Yeah they can shoot you and it bloody hurts but sometimes their AI is so stupid theres no point in doing anything, i've stood still and not been shot once and then to top it off he shot his friend by accident.But yeah this game was tremendous and I loved every minute of it, the kill animations for the xenomorph all depend on external factors: What direction your facing, whats behind you, whats infront of you and more.The game uses the environment as its tool of despair, as I have said you never quite feel safe and in those moments you do the game will throw some unscripted bs at you to make you scared again, whether thats the xenomorph pounding around in the vents above you or a piece of equipment just exploding/shorting or the lights turning off.If you love survival horror games, then this game is perfect for you.If I had to give it a rating out of 10 then I would probably say 8.5/10.The game is incredible but not without its flaws."
76561198056283511,Recommended,214490,27027746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Give it to me BaBy.,Yes We Want More Alien Isolation Game !!!
,Recommended,214490,26964081,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tuttles,Spent the first 30 minutes of gameplay drooling at the grease textures on the floor. That alone is worth the price of admission
76561198079677985,Recommended,214490,28932458,Posted: 2 January,all,chrispchips,"one of the best games ive ever played, if your looking for a good horror game, buy this one, or if you are just looking for a game to get, get this one 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,28116170,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,YubYub,"This game is too scary for me to play. I'm assuming that's what the developer intended, thus it gets a thumbs up."
,Recommended,214490,26960496,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Revan10492,"Aesthetically gorgeous game that has near accurate depictions from the original Alien movie.The hardest difficulty is actually challenging, especially in the the hospital wing.This game is a real step up from Aliens: Colonial Marines, nice improvement for Sega.Creative Assembly has really outdone themself with this game!"
,Recommended,214490,27586461,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LaughAtMyAim,Best Locker Simulator 10/10
76561198083316709,Recommended,214490,13265073,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The Almighty Sandwich,"I am a massive Alien fan. But I did not like this game much. Dont know why, maybe because the effects are really good and the atmosphere is really intense and its first person while in the films I was removed from the action somewhat. I cannot reccommed this to people like myself who do not like horror games. For what it is ( a survival horror game) it is great. Trouble is I HATE survival horror games. $50 wasted.Just a side note:If this game had MORE THAN ONE SAVE FILE I MIGHT have reccommended this game. I had just finished a particulary scarey and hard section and i started a new game for my friend, realised that i had just lost FIVE HOURS of my life, and had to start over. ♥♥♥♥EDY ♥♥♥♥ING HELL. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Note: Now that I have gotten past teh hospital level I like it again."
,Recommended,214490,13279363,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ribbon,"Actually playing this is tedious and boring, and on the hardest difficulty at least it seems to be a ♥♥♥♥ You, Try Again system, where the punishment is the Alien steals however many minutes of your life it's been since you've punched into a save station. Every other type of enemy or hazard is designed entirely to make enough noise on its own or make you make enough noise to summon the Alien to instantly murder you.So why do I recommend this? Because it has stellar atmosphere, excellent graphics, and I'm sure that if I just suffer through this gameplay for long enough I'll be able to cram the Alien out an airlock and just wander the station, read the logs and fight the robots without just being instantly murdered by a godmode murder monster."
,Recommended,214490,28649040,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AsylumJohn,"Just 3hrs into it, holy cow. It's like playing in the first movie."
76561198047784954,Recommended,214490,26637666,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jodimaggio,The best alien game ever made and one of the best survival horror of the last 5 years.
,Recommended,214490,28594765,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,C Wizzy,Best game EU
,Recommended,214490,12803354,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Smokey Jefferson,"I recommend this game but really only for those who love survival horror games and the Alien franchise. Graphically the game is absolutely gorgeous, one of the best looking games I have ever played. It perfectly captures the 70s retro-futuristic art direction the first Alien movie had. The game itself is a love letter to the first Alien movie, and there are many references back to the movie so I'd suggest watching it before playing this game.Unfortunately, the game often walks the line between scary and intense and frustrating and obnoxious. The Alien's AI is great, but at times the Alien can seem almost clairvoyant. You will spend a lot of your play time sneaking through the same areas after reloading a save. Until about half way through the game, you have no way of preventing the Alien from killing you if it spots you. Human AI is pretty bad. Human enemies on the ship will often see you, start shouting and shooting their guns, attract the Alien and all get killed while you sit behind some boxes twiddling your thumbs. It leads to some real head-scratching moments. The game is LONG, and while I didn't think that was an issue at first the game really starts to drag on towards the end and is unnecessarily padded with long sections where you aren't really doing much and aren't in any real danger (Such as the space walk to adjust the recon satellite to contact the Torrens).If you are a fan of Alien and love survival horror, you owe it to yourself to try this game. Those who are not either may find it a chore to get through and not really enjoy it."
,Recommended,214490,12471375,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,iLLcAtTiViSsiMo,"Some call it frustrating. Some call it difficult. If difficult stealth games don't frustrate you, then this may be a good one for you. M&K actually feel better than a contoller for this one, port or not. Speaking of ports, it's one of the best this generation. Oh, and did I mention it might make you poop your pants?"
76561198008387572,Recommended,214490,12476649,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ArcheDemonm,Probably the best cinematographic survival horror for a couple of years.
,Recommended,214490,13030900,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,vcf55,The atmosphere in this game is amazing they did a almost perfect job at bringing the feel of the original movie. The gameplay is smooth (besides the lag) overall probably the best horror game iv played yet. I have only ran into a few bugs/glitches but they weren't game breaking.And a tip NEVER SPRINT
,Recommended,214490,12421406,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,cri74,"If you like the Alien(s) movie(s), your gonna love this game. Spectacular detail and atmosphere, building tention more than horror. Maybe one of the best singleplayer games this year."
,Recommended,214490,12427593,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Niixsy,gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
,Recommended,214490,12432064,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Brew Monk Focious,"So glad I did not listen to IGNs 5.9 rating on this game, that reviewer wouldn't know a good game if it fell out of the sky, landed on his face and wiggled. If it were up to me, he would be looking for a new job right about now.Alien: Isolation is an amazingly immersive, graphically beautiful, horrifing adventure from the very beginning. You want fun AND a story? You got it! You want a game that lasts more than a few hours? Granted! Want more than just cheap jump scares? Buckle up buttercup, this is where the ride really starts.Want an Aliens game that TOTALLY lives up to the franchise? You can't go wrong with Alien: Isolation PERIOD. Two words can sum up my intial play through... ""DEEPLY IMPRESSED*"
76561198061270539,Recommended,214490,16340377,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jaxx,deserves its game of the year award from pc gamer. outstanding.
,Recommended,214490,15998415,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Wolver1ne,Good gameAyy lmao/10
,Recommended,214490,29220193,Posted: 13 January,all,Actual Pupper IRL,"I cannot reccomend this game enough! Go into it as blind as possible! Also HUGE IMMERSION TIP, Choose the second highest difficulty! The highest just disables your use of the radar, but the true immersion comes from the second highest option. It's everything you want in an alien game (besides being able to play all races)."
,Recommended,214490,22794073,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,«´¨`•°.SHODAN.°•´¨`»,"Alien: Isolationfocuses primarily on capturing the spirit of Ridley Scott’s original sci-fi horror classicAlien, while also incorporating some of the best elements of James Cameron’s more action-oriented sequelAliens. A more cynically inclined person might even say that this game does nothing more than check off all the traits that are distinctive of theAlienuniverse, without providing any original content. Whereas the movies (even the bad ones) at least added some new aspects to the franchise, this game doesn’t do much beyond adapting the essence of the first two movies into a different format.Luckily, this format happens to be a perfect fit for the franchise. Take the immersive power of video games, combine it with the nightmarish vision of H.R. Giger, and place it in a grim, industrialized, and claustrophobic space station run by ruthless megacorporations. What do you get? One hell of a foundation for survival horror game and a first-hand taste of what must have gone through Ellen Ripley's head during those final moments of the movies. It is hard to believe how long it took for the industry to take advantage of this, instead opting for God knows how many run and gun approaches to the franchise. At least when they finally did it, they did it right.This game’s ultimate selling point is its incredibly intense atmosphere. Apart from the art direction touched upon previously, the biggest factor in creating that tension is the brilliant sound design, which ranks among the best I have experienced in any video game (playing with good headphones is a must!). Just hearing the alien crawl through the vents is extremely unsettling, even more so than actually getting killed by it (which, unsurprisingly, loses its effectiveness after the third or fourth time). Like in the first movie, some of the most suspenseful moments arise from the alien not even appearing on screen. The tension is created by the awareness that the creature is constantly stalking you, and the tiniest bit of noise will cause it to almost instantly drop down from anywhere and come after you with a relentless bloodlust. The alien is unkillable, much faster than you, possesses extremely sharp auditory senses (forget your beeping motion tracker when it is nearby), and is controlled by an unpredictable AI. Simply put, when the alien is on your tracks, your only option is to hide in a locker and cower in fear. That is, until you unlock the flamethrower, which enables you to scare away the alien for a brief period (though this weapon quickly runs low on fuel and thus should be used very sparingly on higher difficulties). If you surprise the alien while holding the flamethrower after having used it before, it will learn from its mistakes and not blindly rush you again; instead, it cautiously creeps towards you until it is close enough for the kill or you give it another taste of your flames. Confronting the alien face to face like that after having been hunted down for the last ten hours is one of the most badass and empowering feelings I have ever experienced in a game.Apart from some minor details,Alien: Isolationhas two significant weaknesses preventing it from reaching its full potential. For one, the few characters that appear in the game are basically underdeveloped versions of what we have seen in the movies. The main protagonist Amanda Ripley is merely a faint shadow of her mother Ellen. The synthetic Samuels feels like a one-dimensional version of Bishop. Most secondary characters are essentially red shirts whose primary purpose is to be killed off and replaced by someone else. Recent games likeUntil Dawnand especiallyThe Last of Ushave proven that it is possible to make expensive, cinematic AAA titles with compelling characters even in the horror genre, and I hope that theAlienfranchise one day will get the same treatment. The second weakness is the game’s pacing, particularly towards the end, which isn’t exactly concise. Although I am not bothered by the game’s overall length (18.5 h average), I would have probably had an equally enjoyable experience if it was trimmed to 12-15 hours. There is certainly a danger of the game becoming somewhat repetitive and drawn out for lesser fans of the franchise.Verdict:By favoring hide and seek over run and gun, this game achieves an authentic recreation of what makes the firstAlienmovie such an unforgettable experience. The spectacle is cranked up to eleven towards the later parts of the game, transitioning the game’s style into that of the more action-focused sequelAliens. The game is atmospheric, intense, technically impressive, and pays a lot of attention to detail, only held back by uninspired writing and occasionally drawn out pacing. Recommended for fans of stealth, survival horror, and retrofuturistic sci-fi settings with a Gigeresque touch.Ratings:Story & Characters: 5Gameplay: 8Execution: 10Enjoyment: 9"
,Recommended,214490,13951135,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,dex|,"Let me tell you a story of my biggest fear in the world.It all started when I was in school, probably 8 or 9. I was a quiet, shy kid who thankfully had a kickass dad. He loved watching grownup things like the X-Files and horror movies, and he let me watch them with him. One fateful day, he let me watch Alien with him. It was a lifechanging experience: I haven't seen such a scary movie before! It was amazing. I had a nightmare about the xenomorph later in the night, I was really terrified of this otherworldly beast.Anyway, the next day, I went to school, and in those days I was a timid nerd. And like any such nerd, I had a gang of bullies who picked on me. They noticed me in the school hallway, and rightly stuck my sorry, weak♥♥♥♥♥inside a locker they padlocked from the outside before class. It was very dark; I was locked in there for the whole hour! Finally, a janitor heard me crying inside, curled into the fetal position.Ever since then, I had feared the inside of a locker. As I grew older, I have learned the value of strength. I turned from a timid nerd to a buff jock - yet, my most primal fear loomed over me still, reminding me of my past failures every time I changed my clothes in the gym dressing room. The inside of a locker, so foreboding, so dangerous, so claustrophobic. I had thought this fear would cripple me my whole life.Then, I played Alien: Isolation. And it made me realize something that eluded me my whole adulthood. The locker is not my enemy. The locker has always cared. It is always there, waiting openly to embrace me when I need it the most. It is everlasting and dependable in ways that make me hold my breath. The locker... is the safest place there is. It is the only friend that won't betray me. It keeps me safe from... well, the things I *should* actually fear.Thank you, Alien: Isolation. Your ability to give me heart palpitations gave me the clear mind needed to discover the error of my ways. And oh, locker? If you're reading this... I'm sorry I have kept you waiting so long. I know you're there for me; I'm here for you, too.Hell, these days, I spend more time inside you than inside my girlfriend, anyway."
,Recommended,214490,15166713,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,sharpiesniff,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing scary. First time around I played on the third level of difficulty and realised I kept missing things because I was too busy running away from people and the alien. I don't know if its because I set it to NOVICE that I was able to find the blueprints to the smoke bomb, flashbang, and the medkit. I was able to move throughout without much harassment. I may have gotten a bit cocky because despite having a mroe difficult time in the harder setting, I was more cautious. Think of it like driving without car insurance and you're less likely to get pulled over by a cop because you're cautious and are vigilant. Playing on NOVICE perhas made me less of both and as a result I was actually killed by the Alien. There was a part of me that thought about trying to run into the vents, but I was too shocked about actually having been discovered. I thought I was doing a pretty good job of crouching. Apparently, I was't quiet enough because when I turned around there was this black thing that was standing over me with a slithering bone-tail and all I could do was stare at it in awe. I felt it daring me to run. LESSON ♥♥♥♥ING LEARNED.Otherwise, I highly recommend it. Playing it on NOVICE mode will not lessen your chances of being discovered and killed."
,Recommended,214490,13879453,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DoMonRai,"Now, after finishingAlien: Isolationon the hardest difficulty setting, I feel the urge to express my enthusiasm about this terrifying horror experience. I got so traumatized by playing it, even my wife had to hold my hand and wipe my tears while encouraging me to play along after the first few hours. Yes, the game takes a lot of time, twenty-nine hours in my case. Some journalists even complained about its rather exceptional length. Maybe the press got used to expect short games fitting their editorial deadlines so much that a bit more of content nowadays seems to be a problem, but how could I know about objective reporting? :-)Save me the easiest AI in AII recommend choosing the hardest difficulty setting when starting a new game. The Alien behaves just like a complete idiot on easy difficulty and on normal it still can be seen as the nice extraterrestrial next door. You don't want to be stalked by a friendly ret♥rd whereas being given the creeps is the point of a survival horror game. Just remember: The Alien from the movie of the same name represents such a danger because it possesses heightened sensens and instincts superior to ours.Alien: Isolationunfortunately reveals another complicated thing to handle than the Artificial Intelligence: save points. Though I like how The Creative Assembly made them part of the virtual world: Your progress on Sevastopol station can be saved by putting your personal ID card, which looks like a twenty year old graphics board with a handle, into an emergency telephone. But how did I suffer in the Medical Facility trying to find and reach the next phone after the sudden activation of the quarantine lock-down! Goddammit!Murphy's Law on SevastopolThe game's horrifying atmosphere not only benefits from the well-designed AI, but also from the feeling of overwhelming loneliness you get while sneaking through the recently abandoned space station. There are apparently some horror cliches that just can't be avoided, but I suppose some mechanics have just proven themselves, like the scarce lighting on Sevastopol Station. You often encounter nothing but silent and dim-lit areas, sometimes accompanied and confused by different sounds from afar, for example the station's own drumming noises, not knowing what situation your next insecure step might get you into. I'll never forget the Torrens (the ship that brought you to Sevastopol) surprisingly enlightening the room with its search lights and floating past the station just to leave me alone again in the station's chaos, where everything went wrong with the evacuation procedures..."
,Recommended,214490,20501651,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Aylusarn,"Alien:Isolation stands as only the third worthy entry in the Alien canon. I have held out faint hope that some day, somebody would give HR Giger's Alien, which gave me countless childhood nightmares, another treatment it richly deserves - who knew it would be a video game to wash away the taste of that abortion Alien 3, the WTF Alien 4, the vs. Predator nonsense, the mediocre video games...Alien:Isolation is a first-person stealth survival horror game. You play as Amanda Ripley, Ellen's daughter, fifteen years after the Nostromo disappeared. But the Nostromo's flight recorder has been recovered and is held on a remote, decaying space station called Sevastopol. Amanda, a Company employee, makes the trip only to find the station suffering some kind of malady. What could it be? Hijinx ensues. Many laughs are had by all. Not.Really the only criticism I can muster personally is that it's stressful to play. It's a real survival horror game. They didn't cheapen the fear of the Alien by letting you blow apart hundreds of them with overpowered weaponry, which has been an unfortunate trend in ""survival horror"" lately. The Alien hunts you. And it's going to get you, sooner or later. All you can do is outmaneuver it. But the production value and polish is out-of-this-world. Scariest game I've ever played. Best single-player game I've played in years. Every detail has been attended to. The graphics are outstanding. Story and plotting are great, you usually get a breather just when you need it. Getting to the next save point is an achievement and a huge relief. Still a better love story than Twilight.So yeah. Want to run around in a first-person, ultra polished, ultra high-fidelity recreation of the environment, technology, and atmosphere of the first two, the only two movies, while scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, getting hunted by the most terrifying monster ever created, that you're powerless to fight? Get this. Please heap money on this development team. Here's hoping they're working on a sequel - as of October 2015 the studio director said they were disappointed with sales. Sega is still considering a sequel, but it may not be a sure thing."
,Recommended,214490,25444539,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Amazonite,"This has to be one of the best horror videogames I've ever played. It's very immersive and it really makes you think. So it's like a strategy horror game as you've got to try your best to avoid the alien. The game has amazing direction, graphics , Voice acting and sound effects."
,Recommended,214490,15307778,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,IndigOmen,"A fantastic experience for horror game and Alien franchise fans alike taking place between the first two Alien films. With excellent sound and visuals alike, Alien: Isolation creates an authentic and unnerving experience of panic and helplessness without ever being unfair. A solid 9/10."
76561198067794936,Recommended,214490,13022992,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,d.phatak,I play this game one save point at a time; it's so frightening!
76561198008701741,Recommended,214490,20531630,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Woosh!,"I'm not a fan of survival horror, but dammit i'm a huge fan of the Alien franchise. This game captures the feel of the first movie indescribably well. It's a sheer pleasure to explore the ship. The level of detail is so amazing. And the retro sci-fi technology from the Alien (1979) movie. If you are a fan of these movies, you are probably going to enjoy this game as much as i did.Only downsides i can possibly think of, are the sometimes annoying saving system, and the fact that the alien, a.k.a Xenomorph  can camp the same spot for very long periods of time. Be prepared to hide and wait for quite a while before making your move, especially when playing on hardest difficulty.I give this game 9/10 rating. It was my game of the year in 2014.ps. This is the only game that has ever made me scream out of terror. Just a second before i got my head grabbed, by a giant, long fingered, sharp clawed hand..."
76561198006470095,Recommended,214490,13171716,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,that damn guy,"Upon finishing Alien Isolation I had the impression that a lot of work was put in the development of this title. I can honestly say that, ""Yes"" this game is the best out of the Alien Franchise. It really does give you the feel of the first Alien movie with Sigourney Weaver within its dark rustic atmosphere. You can hear many audibles that they actually used within the Alien movie itself as you progress.Some reviewers claimed that the Alien is scripted when it is not. I don't know where they got that idea because the Alien is totally RANDOM within its hunting, paths and appearances. You will die in this game, but the amount of deaths will totally be reliant on your gaming style. I always kept on the move for the most part and actually went through some areas with very little contact with the Alien. Even though I could hear him banging around in the vents above my head.You can even play through the game, as I did, with very little use of the crafted weapons available to you throughout the game. Again, it all depends on your playing style.The graphics are well done, but once in awhile you might see floating static artifacts such as a tool or phone where either you or a NPC were earlier. Sounds within the game are also spot on, but I play my games with the music off so I don't know if the scores are good or not. I heard that they were though.The story line was fairly well done too, but the ending is.....well I'll leave that up to you on what you think.Gameplay is very fluid, but for some reason once in awhile my character had problems standing up even though I kept hitting the button.The main gripe that I have with Alien Isolation is that the alien always seemed to know where I was no matter how qiuet I was in the levels. Sometimes it was downright frustrating and unrealistic how the Alien would always zero in on my position by either following me through the vents in the ceiling or prowling the area always right up to the locker I was hiding in. Once in awhile; however, the Alien would leave the area which was a sigh of relief for exploring some areas.Overall, Alien Isolation is worth the purchase especially if you see it on sale like I did. I think you won't be disappointed if your a fan of the franchise. I definitely  recommend Alien Isolation."
76561198152557888,Recommended,214490,20683064,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TylerG,"So far, I absolutely love this game. It's intense and really captures the stark terror one might feel when stranded on a space station with a hostile xenomorph. The graphics and sound effects are superb and it's pretty much everything I could ever hope for in a sci-fi/stealth horror game. It's a very difficult game, too, and really challenges the player to pay attention to their surroundings and actions. There isn't much of a margin for error.That said, my only gripe is the infrequent save points in the game. I suppose that's designed to increase the tension by adding a sense of urgency and danger but I felt it became more frustrating than anything. Certain parts of the game started to feel repetitive when you have to keep creeping down a series of passages in order to get past a specific, difficult part of the game only to die and have to ""rinse and repeat"" until finally succeeding and managing to find another save point. The repitition detracts from the sense of terror and immersion. More frequent save points or a 'quick save' option to use whenever would have significantly improved my overall experience so far while maintaining the tension.That said, it's a great game if you like the survival/horror genre. I would recommend it to anyone that wants to be scared spitless while playing a video game."
,Recommended,214490,12417034,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,DocEast,"It's finally been done. The first anything since Aliens that actually captures the essence of the Alien. Literally everything since Aliens been such a steaming hot pile of garbage, with kids and people nowadays not knowing the xenomorph as the horrific creature its supposed to be. Being brought up to speed on it with the horrible AvP series. So now, after 35 years of no real Alien movies or anything....The Alien FINALLY gets what it deserves, a game the constant fear, oppression and anxiety of having your face ripped off at any moment for every. single. second. of the game. You'll find no Colonial Marines, as bad♥♥♥♥♥as they are, blowing away Xenomorphs, robbing them of what they are supposed to be and supposed to do to you. This is pure, 100% Grade A Terror. The Alien hunts you at every turn, never ever running in a scripted path, learning your moves, tricking you, and reacting to everything in the environment. The environment, which is in itself a character, is so rich and deeply detailed after the original movie, that it pulls you in and is constant eye candy throughout. That is nothing to say of the downright amazing sound design, from the alien clamoring around in the vents above you to the hiss of jets of vapor spewing into a room its fantastic.If you are a fan of the original, legendary movie by Ridley Scott, and had suffered in the past the fear and dread that the original Alien gave me during my formative years, then get this game. Now.11/10 -Reliving childhood horrors and screaming like a ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,214490,16409152,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Star-tographer,From loading up the game to crawling through airducts: 28 Minutes.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,214490,14710269,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr. Bucket™,Easily one of the greatest Alien games ever created (besides AVP2). Easily.If you can withstand 20+ hours of atmospheric terror and beautiful ambiance then you will love this.Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,214490,25159765,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Wolf,"It came from the ceiling as I made my way through medical. I didn't know it would come out of the ♥♥♥♥ing vents, nobody gave me a guide book on how to survive an alien attack. Maybe when this is over I'll write it, if I live that long. There's something awfully cliche about being chased by an alien, in what is basically an abandoned spaceship, alone. But I didn't feel like I was in some cheesy hollywood movie. I was struggling to survive, and after this encounter I didn't want anything to do with it.I ran for the storage box as fast as I could, slammed the doors shut and held my breath for what seemed like an eternity. I could see it through the air slits, moving through and around the corridors. Its tale sliding lazily across the white polished floor, that strange head moving side to side. Teeth from both its mouth(s) shone against the fluorescent light as I shivered inside a metal box. The alien's legs were long, agile. Built from perfect evolutionary development to aid it in stalking and persuing prey.I was ♥♥♥♥ed.And I was scared.This game folks. This game is everything it needs to be if you are an absolute nutter for the original movie. I fkn loved every moment in the main story and bonus content. 10/10."
,Recommended,214490,25180299,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Llewellyn,"I abosolutely adore Alien.I watched the original film when I was 10, and it scared the living bejesus out of me. Since then, I've loved the Alien genre.When I saw this, It had to be mine.As soon as I got the intro, the sound track, the beeps and sound effects, I was taken.Gameplay wise, oh man. There is so much I can rave about. and nothing I can say about it negatively . With headphones on and a large screen, this game becomes fully immersive. There's a lot of jump scares, so be prepared, and there's lots of moments when you will be holding your own breath.  The music amd atmosphere is THAT potent. I've never played a game like it before.As you move about, you'll learn to hide from almost every sound, and that the tracker is your best friend. When the Alien is wandering about you'll hear it's heavy foot steps, and by the Christ, you will almost break out in your undercrackers. There's been a few times I've caught myself with a quick yelp, and had to walk away just to calm down!!Did I enjoy it? Without a shadow of a doubt.Would I suggest the game? oh yeah.I'd also suggest the DLCs. Crew Expendable is fantastic, as they've used the original actors. And I almost wet my pants in glee when I heard them!!https://youtu.be/yH8s1dEq9Bc"
,Recommended,214490,25184848,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kill Will,"If you're an Alien fan (not necessarily Aliens or any of the other movies in the franchise), get this game. If you're looking for survival horror masterclass, get this game. If you're looking for a great story that is fed to you in a way that never gets boring, get this game.Unlike all of the other games based on the Alien IP, Alien Isolation's gameplay mechanics, visuals, and authenticity to the 1979 Alien movie are all uncanny. Pretty much the only complaint I have after spending 60+ hours beating the game on a harder difficulty and playing through the two story DLCs (Crew Expendable and Last Survivor) is that my heart rate was constantly elevated, leading to a feeling of dread that you never know when the Alien will come out and kill you. That said, you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you avoided this game simply because the other Alien franchise games are lemons."
76561198009411736,Recommended,214490,14009176,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,-EBS- Woo Cow,"Tense, Epic 54hrs of pure fear......loved it !!!"
,Recommended,214490,23124031,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Smoothie,"Pretty much made me scream on stream out loud, like terrified me. Can't say that many games have made me do that. Outlast was a close second, but this game.. man. Play on Nightmare for the ultimate rush :)"
,Recommended,214490,32830250,Posted: 26 June,all,M!nkus,"Great game.  Makes you feel like you're hanging on by a thread the entire game.  Difficult, exciting, scary and well put together without being too tedius.  Recommended."
76561198097602722,Recommended,214490,17905134,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Deminok,"Game overall was pretty decent. Graphics are good, gameplay can get repedetive, and the alien can be somewhat predictable after a while. Game itself was pretty long but has  a decent story line. Worth a playthough. Scare rating 6/10"
76561197977488159,Recommended,214490,23818095,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sofa Kingdom,The immersion is fantastic.They did a good job of making this feel like you are in one of the movies.
76561198044105277,Recommended,214490,23824307,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dyler,"The most atmospheric, visually stunning, accurate, successful horror game. Just insert any adjective, this is the best survival-horror game, and a great tribute to the first Alien movie (recommended to watch before playing). This game hit the nail on every aspect. 10/10"
76561198055017547,Recommended,214490,28842849,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kasiornis,Sitting-Under-Table Simulator
76561197972404745,Recommended,214490,13822509,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Admiral Ace,"Really good game, really enjoyed it. Awesome graphics. Got alot of scares out of this game, alot like Dead space 1 and 2. Highly recommend this game if you were a fan of Dead space 1."
76561197998241697,Recommended,214490,14307351,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Questionable-Methods,"I have played 16 hours of this game so far, and at least 14 of those I am pretty sure were spent hiding and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants.  COMPLETELY ruined my office chair.  So now I put a tarp down and that makes clean up much easier.This feels like the only TRUE alien game.  it is gritty and atmospheric, and the alien feels as threatening as the first time it was seen on screen. It isn't the same down-syndrome ridden muppet that was shown in Colonial Marines or the AvP series of vidya games.  You get tools and weapons throughout the game, but they are only really useful against androids, other survivors, or as a means to distract the alien.Oh, and I would suggest playing in the dark with sound-proof headphones.  Makes the game ten times more terrifying."
,Recommended,214490,14319533,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Flutterzoey,Jumping makes my chest hurt.
76561198097725522,Recommended,214490,16154660,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,data30001,Alien Love You And he's never give up to Tell youAlien Love Simulator10/10(Don't Start with Nightmare...Trust me...)
76561197971280415,Recommended,214490,14501456,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,thenightgaunt,"Normally a sociopathic game designer would just produce a crappy bug filled game. Not the folks over at Creative Assembly.No, the staff at Creative Assembly loving crafted Alien: Isolation so that they could properly convey just how much they hate you. Environments that convey the aesthetic of the original Alien movie, fantastic voice acting, and a wonderful story are all woven together to create a game designed to induce fatal myocardial infarctions in even the healthiest of gamers.So as you play Alien: Isolation and find yourself unable to stop, remind yourself that yes, the developers at Creative Assembly do hate you."
76561197988218240,Recommended,214490,15361796,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Nixon's Richard,"This is the game for all true hardcore Alien and survival horror fans. This is NOT a shooter. This is NOT a fast paced game. This is NOT a game you're going to get through in one (or even a few) sitting(s). This is a very slow paced, hide and seek thriller in the setting of the first Alien move.Note: The game has a number of graphical and gameplay bugs, and the developers have dropped support for the game."
76561198016054425,Recommended,214490,15454035,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Baron Von Yolo,"Fantastic and immersive. Runs extremely well and the visuals are top notch. No complaints, worth every penny."
76561198066894066,Recommended,214490,12540043,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dr. Frank-N-Furter,This game really shows the fear factor of the alien hunting you down. I reccommend hard core fans of the orginal alien film to play it and even if you arent a fan it is still a great survival horror. :)
76561197999538099,Recommended,214490,12543710,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MrHatStick,"A totally epic experience, very fun, enjoying and have logged many hours to say that this game is totally a worth-buy. The game is rich in story, characters and environment. Sega doing things right this time it seems and Creative did a hell of a good job on this game. A game truly paying homage to the very first Alien movie by Ridley Scott. This is a superb game that every Alien fan will enjoy. The game is scary and at times becomes very challenging when playing on Hard difficulty. The sound of this game, is beyond amazing, the music, the graphics, animations of the Xeno, gameplay is 10/10. I totally recommend this game to anyone who is a enthusiast of survival-horror genre."
,Recommended,214490,14641040,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Aseliot,"""The game the alien series has always deserved"" does quite sum it up to me.I was too young when I first saw the movie, so this game definitely brought up some childhood fears which only made it more enjoyable (read scarier). Yes, the alien it quite an unpredictable creature, and yes the game is also quite hard to the point that is became frustrating at some parts. But avoiding the alien should be hard, he is supposed to be the ultimate lifeform.The game does really have it's moments where it feels like it's just you in a huge spaceship alone with a huge black predator skulking around. The best moments are those when you flip a switch and the alarms start blaring and lights everywhere start blinking and flashing. And then you have to go back the way you came. And you know he's out there somewhere. At a certain moment you faintly see him, you can barely hear him over the alarm, walking into a room from across the hallway. And that's exactly the place where you have to go. He's right there! LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU! AAERRGHBLEGGHH, WHEEW WHEEW WHEEW"
76561198004123445,Recommended,214490,15101524,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,black lung.,"Played it for a couple of hours. Seen the alien once, got to the nearest save station and nope.jpgedit: I just finished it. The game looks amazing, plays amazing and has good good core gameplay but it has flaws. The UI and crafting system is clunky at best. Finding out how to do things or how to equip something is basically just mashing the keyboard until something happens. Theres not tutorial or guidebook or anything. Finding out what things do is basically just trial and error... by getting killed.The game is wayyyyyyyyy too long. my playtime is 19 hours or something. For a surivival horror game as tense as this one, its overstays its welcome. While i welcome a game these days being TOO LONG instead of too short (which seems to be the norm) the game starts to become tedious and incredibliy frustrating to the point where you stop enjoying it and get annoyed instead. The constant backtracking and tedious activies like starting genertors, pulling levers, gets old after the 100th time you do it. having to backtrack through an area which you have already been through and barely survived 3 times doesnt really appeal to me. The map can also be very very confusing.for positives: its amazingly intense. its not so much scary, as tense. once the alien comes along and you get killed by it once it loses alot of the scariness. But the intense feeling never goes away. the alien stalks you and never leaves you alone, you can go lengthy periods without a save station so if you get killed between those periods you have to re do everything. The sound and lighting are so beautifully done, you always feel closed it and alone even when you have fleeting moments of interaction with other humans. Despite its flaws its an amazing game that i will not be playing again because you'd have to be ♥♥♥♥ed to do that.This is not a game to be enjoyed unless you play it like pewdiepie. Its a grind, a very tense but beautiful looking and sounding grind.8/10"
76561198058405054,Recommended,214490,12450154,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,RunnyPilot,At first it was boringBut then♥♥♥♥♥♥was about to go downAlien appearsJumpscares me♥♥♥♥♥ my pantsI get new pantsIt jumpscares me againI♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again10/10
,Recommended,214490,12403680,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,GazzaGreen355,"Extremely tense. You have to think a lot in a game like this. I'm one of those that rush in guns bazing, but you can't do that here. I still kill the bad guys if I can rather than hide though.... but you can play it however you like. ATM, after 4 hours play, I'm on mission 3 and finding it hard to leave it....."
,Recommended,214490,13652881,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,☪ Infinite Knight,Awesome
,Recommended,214490,14830512,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Arthur Dallas,"Hiding under tables and breathing heavily simulator...by far one of my favourite games, a must play if you are a fan of the alien franchise and/or horror survival games!"
,Recommended,214490,15180044,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Uni✰Chan✰,this game absolutely the best horror game which i ever played.made me frightenedgood graphicssoundmusicweaponsdon't play alone/10
,Recommended,214490,15180481,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,hailurez,"Great game to make the best use and experience of the Alien license IMO. I feel this game is a successor to the first Alien movie, as it follows a horror theme, where as Alien: Colonial Marines tried to follow up a successor to the sequel to Aliens where it's action themed. I dreaded the appearance of the Xenomorph every time, because I knew this enemy was invincible as no amount of bullets or fire could stop this abomination."
,Recommended,214490,13248305,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rush,"Alien: Isolation is perhaps a few missions too long, the Alien's AI is frustratingly unpredictable, and there a few sequences might have you banging your head. Still, the game is incredibly faithful to the 1979 film, from the art and sound design to the utter terror it evokes."
,Recommended,214490,14941982,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,McNoguff,"Hide, craft, survive in a claustrophobic space station. This game is the second or third best entry in the Alien canon, hands down. Against all odds and after decades of terrible licensed games and inferior films, the Xenomorph is scary again.This stunning piece of work has a couple of fairly insignificant slumps- a spacewalk might run too long, or a sequence might feel slightly repetitive. But these weak points play like the highlights from some inferior AAA games. Play it on its hardest setting, turn the lights down low, and get ready to feel a constantly mounting sense of dread peppered with the occasional ♥♥♥♥ YEAH moment of Molotov-Cocktail fueled catharsis.A well-written, well-acted, beautifully rendered game. Share it with someone you don't mind seeing you bark expletives at your(likely frequent) deaths."
,Recommended,214490,13891928,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,animatedaneurin,Oh crap its an Ali...(I died before I could finish this)
76561198038872755,Recommended,214490,12475421,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,#Robbed,"Fantastic game keeps me guessing constantly. 10/10Also when you think you you're safe, don't lie to yourself it's never safe in this game. Wouldn't recommend hitting anything with your weapon, it instanly summons alien and it sprints at you!Terrifying stuff, love it!"
76561197971060789,Recommended,214490,13384280,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Sextus Virginius Maximus,"Finished the game in about 16 hours on hardest difficulty. I took my time, was careful and slow. I did my best to immerse myself, turning off most of the hud and reading through the story of Sevastopol's incident on almost every terminal out there.I totally loved this game. The experience is unforgettable! I was playing at nights with good headset on and I say that is the only right way to play, especially since the sound in this game is superb. The atmoshpere is great and the feeling of helplessnes and of being a prey on the run is certainly there.Mind you, on highest difficulty isn't extremely demanding as IGN reviewer felt (what a loser). Hard difficulty discourages gun-and-run kind of gameplay which  is not what this game is about. I also managed to sneak through most of the game without the use of tools until the late end game. I used them all at the end, they proved really handy in the last mission.Downsides? Some people say it's the length of the game. Length is not a problem, a long game is a blessing nowadays. Problem is that CA dragged the story too much and gameplay got a bit too repetitive until the epilogue. There was a bit too much returning to the previous areas and for a while this amazing atmosphere of being the prey to a superior being was lost - but only for few hours. Game has a little surprise for you in the last two hours.Also people seeking proper closure to the stories they play will be disappointed with open-ended ending.I still recommend. One of the best games I played ever."
,Recommended,214490,15095192,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dead Morty,"This game is kind of like trying to hide from a hungry Mountain Lion with a heightened sense of smell, in an empty Ikea store."
76561198155237084,Recommended,214490,15229167,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Blazecube,A great game! Just only for people who like stealth and horror games. Who knew hiding under tables and in lockers for 20 hours a level could be so much fun!
76561198037371630,Recommended,214490,16125914,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Myxies,"I don't have anything to say against this game. It is simply awesome. Get some decent headphones, play at night in the dark when you are alone and♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants"
76561198052996992,Recommended,214490,12544209,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Rugged Musician,"This game simply put, is outstanding. The developers captured in full detail, the atmosphere and beauty of Ridley Scott's Alien. Everything from the textures and architecture, to  the ambient sound. I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed Alien. However, this is not Cameron's Aliens you can't directly fight the Xeno so beware."
,Recommended,214490,12397738,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Skipper,Makes Outlast look like a joke.11/10
,Recommended,214490,15203291,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Supermassive Black Joel,"Incredible story, gameplay, graphics and environment. Really gives you a sense of being in the Alien universe, where the Xenomorph is something to fear and hide from, not chase after with a plasma rifle.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15454158,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Fix,Absolutely stunning.
,Recommended,214490,14228392,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sainphony,"Finished. 7/10Good:+ Atmospheric and tense gameplay+ Visual design takes ""Alien"" series best moments+ Long, well-stocked storyBad:- ""Hiding in closet"" in style of ""Outlast"" become boring very soon- Invulnerable Alien contrary the legend- Repetitive sequences with distant opening doors\pushing buttons- Occasional environment glitches and AI bugs- (Near the end) Aliens can breathe in OPEN SPACE? Duh, what?"
76561198087346825,Recommended,214490,14310510,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Rich Crenshaw,"A casual romp through a retro funland. Whether it's a family get-together or an intimate night-in with that special somebody, this one's sure to warm your heart."
76561197970908064,Recommended,214490,14447736,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Utwig,"To date, the only way to truely simulate the anticipation and terror of the movie Alien was to sit in a dark room, with fresh bacon strips tied to your body while an accomplice releases a hungry cat into the room behind you.  No more, this game makes it feel like you are playing the movie.  If you enjoy scaring yourself stupid or are heavily constipated, this is a must have game and you will never have to borrow the neighbours cat again.Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,214490,15119880,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SlimShaggy,"All you need to know is... you will have a heart attack... you will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants... and you will die(in game not irl) <if irl you should consult a doctor, death is a very serious medical condition.-10/10"
,Recommended,214490,13878516,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Comrade Zed,"I guess I forgot to review this one.Being a fan of the Alien series, the last game which came right before this one - Aliens: Colonial Marines - was a bit disappointing to me. You probably expected me to not have high hopes for a new game in the series, but that wasn't the case. My hopes were very high, and the game didn't disappoint in any way I can think of.First of all, it's a survival horror game, and it's based mostly on the first movie in the franchise, seen as a sort of continuation of it, and the action takes place between Alien and Aliens.That being said, don't ever expect to be able to kill the alien. It's one of those games where you are forced to constantly use stealth and immediately hide when the monster is in the area (which you will probably do about 90% of the time), except that you can defend yourself, but from anything but the alien. After all, they couldn't kill it in the Alien movie either, could they?The graphics and atmosphere are quite beautiful, and the game really does make you feel like you're in the movie - and if you get the DLC, on the actual Nostromo.So... if you're a true fan of the Alien series and you enjoy survival horror games with a bit of a twist, this is definitely the game for you! 10/10"
76561197994024285,Recommended,214490,12403767,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Wraithbored,"This game captures the feel of the original Alien movie briliantly, from 70-80s looking computer displays, to casette tape players, the ambient is spot on. The claustrophobic nervousness and the feel of being stalked by a xenomorph and other hostiles is briliant. There are some downsides and that's that it  does suffer from ""console game-ness"", and Ripley's neck swivels around a bit too much like a ragdoll(hope they fix the mouse controls a bit.) and the menu selectin/crafting can be a problem if you don't have time to select/equip what you need. The graphics are amazing, but the lighting could use a bit more work. But all these problems aside and if you like horror game and/or are a fan of the Aliens movies then this is the game for you. 7/10"
,Recommended,214490,12407384,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Drupelet (́◉◞౪◟◉),"Ever want to do aerobic exercise and get your heart beating WITHOUT the actual work??Look no further for Alien Isolation incorporates the latest atmospheric-spook (AtmoSpuke) technology to ensure your heart stays beating above the average beats per minute (BPM)! Alien Isolation's built in AtmoSpuke technology works by putting the user under mental stress by triggering the ""fight or flight"" response by exploiting the emotion of terror. Thanks to this new advancement in couch-potato exercise we can ensure rapid heart rates and trembling sweaty hands; the same symptomes of exercise!Buy Alien Isolation Todaydisclaimer: not for those with weak hearts, stomachs, or those with compulsive urine disorder"
,Recommended,214490,12571478,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Space Guy,COOL COOL COOL
,Recommended,214490,17134856,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Icyphoenix,Absolutly the best game to play at night with a bunch of buddies when you are drunk and or high.
,Recommended,214490,12473100,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Grimes,Absolutely fantastic.
76561198086636581,Recommended,214490,14555406,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,snake_plissken,A unique heartwarming story of everlasting friendship that spans space and time.  A misunderstood creature that is just trying to find it's only friend on a ship full of un-friendly people.
76561198202449204,Recommended,214490,14753424,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,regentcid434,"This is the most stressful game I think I have ever played. It stays true to the series like no other Alien game to date, and I love the fact that they kept the 70's retro futuristic look. If you love the Alien franchise and/or love stealth and survival horror, buy this game."
76561198004811351,Recommended,214490,25970987,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"The xenomorph is an iconic, popular horror figure.  Having been the titular monster in countless films, games, comics, and books, the sleek, black, slimy, acid-blooded perfect killing machine is as recognizable a slasher as the likes of Jason Vorhees, Freddy Kruger, and Michael Myers.  Being lumped in with that new class of terrors, it's easy to look at the nightmare from the mind of H.R. Geiger and forget why it was a thing of pure panic; we watched colonial marines mow them down by the dozens, it's been literally cloned into some stupid albino thing, it's fought Predators on more than one occasion... but that towering, silent, spiny stalker that can get into the walls and abduct you from the ceiling... Alien: Isolation gets it.Continuing the tradition of “Alien” means a Ripley must be involved, Isolation ties directly into the first film with you playing as the daughter of Ellen “One Shot Swish” Ripley, Amanda.  You're coaxed into accompanying an investigation on the space station Sevestapol with the promise of answers to the disappearance of the USS Nostromo.  Using the time period and nepotism as a convenient excuse for fan service, most of the technology and environments look like they're ripped stripped straight out of the 1979 sci fi/horror classic.  CRT monitors display black and green text, there are plenty of giant red buttons and ducts that probably serve no purpose, and you save your game on a giant, corded phone.  It's part art asset museum, part “what if...” sequel, and it works incredibly well to set the tone.Of course things go downhill almost immediately once you arrive at the station; things break and explode, communications are predictably cut off, the locals have turned into crazed survivalists, and the security androids do what A.I. tends to do in these stories.  Luckily Ripley is a master class engineer and born survivor like her mother, so you're tasked with breaking things that need to be broken and fixing things that need fixin'.  From a gameplay standpoint this means Metroidvania-like objectives that require you to find and upgrade tools to progress or unlock optional areas, and plenty of smart mini-games to hack into '70s future computers.  The game is really good about presenting you with screens and challenges that initially look like gobbledygook, but make sense after poking around and understanding the mechanical language of the station.  It's certainly true to form for the genre, where people just hit buttons and pull levers while a countdown is happening... you'll do that more than a few times in Alien: Isolation.Stealth is your best option for survival as you navigate around hostile humans, droids, and maybe something more dangerous... spoiler: I mean the ♥♥♥♥ing alien.  The early hours of the game have you observing patrol patterns of enemies, hiding under desks and in lockers, hoping they don't spot you and murder you in a few shots or a robotic stranglehold.  Avoiding the humanoid threats is okay, serviceable first person stealth; it's fairly predictable and can be cheesed rather easily.  You do get weapons to defend yourself eventually, but direct combat is either a last ditch resort or a special case scenario.So the game is a slow burn at first.  Then a wild xenomorph appears... and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  The entire game seems built for the sole purpose of being a♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants as you're being hunted by the alien simulation, because it works so well.  You've seen the thing a thousand times before, but from a first person perspective, knowing any noise you make can send it pouncing for a brutal one hit kill, seeing the back spines rise from above a desk or it's goo dripping from a vent above... it's seriously terrifying.  It also helps that they made it incredibly loud, too.  You'll hear it stomping around in the vents like an elephant, screeching like nails against a chalkboard if it spots you... even when you don't see it, you know it's a constant threat.  Even closing an elevator door or waiting for a save to register doesn't guarantee your safety, and it's this ever-present, singular monster that's seemingly playing it's own game in tandem with yours that elevates Alien: Isolation into something special.  It's a horror game that's actually horrifying."
,Recommended,214490,29467304,Posted: 24 January,all,FxM. Ethan,Me = The HookerAlien = Patrick BatemanWatch American Psycho if you don't know what I mean.
,Recommended,214490,29795282,Posted: 8 February,all,Wr3kerZ,"This was nice game, good graphics, good stories and lot of jumpscre over here and there.Good Game if you like survival horror gameyou should buy this game"
76561198116617627,Recommended,214490,29477608,Posted: 24 January,all,Duranakin,"There isn't a swear word available for how i felt facing off with a figurative BB gun against a figurative freight train.It's a masterpiece.I played it at a mate's house and had to buy it for myself. We took turns. Died over 9000 times but hey you need mats to craft.PROS:-great graphics.-attention to detail down to the last rivet is second to none.-tension is REAL.-imersive AF.-you can lure it to kill others (while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself under a table).CONS:-Now have high blood pressure.-Have high anxiety.-Checking under bed for xeno, daily.-It ended."
,Recommended,214490,29529402,Posted: 27 January,all,ChaosPatriarch,"This is a review for the Hardest Difficulty (the one developers recomend) of the main campaign:The Best - (No spoilers)Like any horror games, in the final levels the game gets more intense wich is perfectly normal - but the lasts encounters with the Alien is what this game acomplish in a magestic way, you *feel* that the Alien really wants to kill you. Since the AI has ""learned"" from you it knows a little bit of your tactics and combining the intense background music... i can say that i will remember that in the last missions the Alien REALLY wanted so hard for me to lose, you feel that the alien wants to win. And that is something i apreciatte from this game. It was a very cool way to end the game in terms of gameplay. I dont know how to express it, but you know the Alien is not playing anymore, its hunting. And its focused on you. And i feel good i managed to beat the alien in his own game :)The GoodThe atmospheric enviroment is the main asset combined with the Artificial Intelligence of the Alien wich hunts you in the majority of the game. The alien itself is unpredictable and somehow learns from your basic choises and such learning is evident in hispatrollingwich is way too erratic because the Alien is capable to come back to an area just to check out if you are still there or to check locations in wich you may be hiding, ways to ambush you and reaction to guns.The BadSince you are in constant pursuit in the entire game being able to instantly interrupt what you are doing to hide/run from the alien or other enemies is not possible in this game, you need to wait for the animations to finish in order to be able to control your character, let me explain: It's very common for you to hack, search computers or press buttons on some terminals but there is a 2-3 second ""wait time"" when you interact and another 2-3 seconds of ""wait time"" when you finish. Your character is static and not doing anything, its just ""watiting"" for such animation to end. It's frustrating because it kills the inmersion. If you hear the alien close to you those 2-3 seconds of the animation of your character ""finishing what is currently doing"" is enough for the alien to detect you and run for you.--DLC'sWhile i got the complete edition of this game and only played 1 DLC i consider it would be better to ""play the rest of the game later"". That is because, since i got tired of the campaign, i felt the Crew Expendable DLC was doing the same i did in the entire campaign but in a different scenario. That's why i  think i will play the DLC's later, after some time passes so i can ""refresh myself""."
,Recommended,214490,29611776,Posted: 31 January,all,Predo,"Lawyers are useless, even in space."
76561198123522145,Recommended,214490,29615148,Posted: 31 January,all,PakChoi Queen,"Best to play at night, with your light off, ALONE."
76561198034310481,Recommended,214490,29817922,Posted: 9 February,all,Capt Fast,"Waited for this game for 30 years.  Did not disappoint and exceeded all expectations.  No more emersive sci-fi experience even if your're not a fan of the film.  If you are a fan, get ready for the best time spent engaged in a game ever.Only critique... you can't jump."
,Recommended,214490,28807010,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KING NIKO,"Alien: Isolation is incredible. The amount of suspense in this game is ridiculous. This is one of the most intense survival horror games out there to date. Not to mention, its art direction and sound design are on par with Ridley Scott's original 1979 film. If your a fan of the alien films, Isolation will not dissapoint."
76561198059343366,Recommended,214490,28186223,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Wolverine,"When facing Aliens, you're a little rat.When facing face huggers, you're a little elephant.When facing working Joes, you're a little human.When facing human enemies, you're an Alien.Absolutely an Epic horror science fiction game. Better than a movie.If Oulast is too disgusting or too short for you, but you still want to play a horror game, AlienIsolation is your option.Music: when I heard the background music, all good old memories (or scary old memories) came to me. It was really classic, and beautiful. It reminded me of the day I sat in a cinema and staring at the screen and becoming sweaty. And in the DLC ""Last Survivor"", when Ripley started singing ""You are my lucky star"", holy gosh! I almost sang out loud after her!Ripley was so beautiful and tough.Story: It was like a Parallel universe of the original movie. Everything was so familiar, but at the same time, everything was so different. Every step you took was at risk. Every bullet you shot was probably leading you to death. Even if you have known every detail of the original movie, you couldn't be sure what would happen next in the game.Graphics: So realistic, so fantastic.Gameplay: Alert! It is not a FPS game!"
,Recommended,214490,27477618,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,synthetictruism,"As a huge Alien fan, I had to purchase the preorder... It's spot on; everything I wanted from an Alien game. If felt like Ridley Scott's original film, the sense of dread, the style, everything. Genuinely scary and worth every penny! One or two minor bugs, but I didn't experience anything game-breaking. GFX were great, sound too. The Alien AI (certainly on harder settings) was both ferocious and tenacious. The important thing to remember going into this game is it's not a first-person shooter. It's a steath, survival game.Top marks!"
,Recommended,214490,13892576,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ben [PortsCenter.TV],Alien and survival-horror. Marvelous.
,Recommended,214490,29485737,Posted: 25 January,all,Funda,one of the best horror games I have ever played.
,Recommended,214490,28813184,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Paolo,"Saving stations are my best friend, ceiling vents make me want to uninstall.Still too scared to play this game past midnight"
,Recommended,214490,25199677,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Churkem,Matches spookiness with the original movie and Outlast. 10/10 gasped pretty hard.
,Recommended,214490,21338775,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,tissUe,"This is a very good game. The Alien's AI is very intelligent and know everything! So, it make us feel in he same way as the character do. On the other hand, human's AI and andriod's AI quite too stupid, so it make the game to a little bit easier level when you fight or escept from it. But overall this game is good and I force you to ""BUY IT""."
,Recommended,214490,28940864,Posted: 2 January,all,King,"Just finished this materpiece and I recommend it for sure, amazing game and looks amazing on ultra graphics setting.One of the most scary games I have played (on par with Outlast although on a different style). You always have that feeling that you are not safe anywhere, always checking your back and hearing wierd noises from everywhere.Long game also, will get you lots of hours of fun, just have a few spare pants available and you are ready to go.10/10"
76561198001276485,Recommended,214490,29864223,Posted: 11 February,all,Gamerella,This game had me on the edge of my seat...literally. Definitely a great game!
,Recommended,214490,27557417,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McLainy,Best Alien game ever!
76561198025311926,Recommended,214490,27566946,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SiMouth,The best thrill I had while hiding in a closet for 45 minutes.
,Recommended,214490,27569349,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AtomicSaiyan,Alien Isolation had so much to offer that I played it more than once and had a great time beating this game on Nightmare.P.S. The Alien needs a hug!!!!
76561197973294687,Recommended,214490,27647791,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,B34T2,An absolute gem to the franchise. Really well done.Makes you want to take hourly breaks.Would hold my breath again 9/10 ;)
,Recommended,214490,27030699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. RageFist,"The closest I've come to making pee-pee in my pants due to a game in over a decade, and I haven't even seen the enemy yet."
76561198138697433,Recommended,214490,27706050,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Parkanium,I have a headache from playing this too much.
,Recommended,214490,28849945,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,skategyrl,Not easy. Scary af. So much fun!Highly recommended for anyone who likes the Alien movie(s).
,Recommended,214490,25187073,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,njsfigo,"Nostromo Log (NL) 1: I'm going for the One Shot achievement in nightmare mode on my first playthrough, wish me luck.NL 2: Map seems to be broken.. Maybe some upgrade or fortuitous event will fix it later. Also, note to self- hitting androids with a maintenance jack is highly indicative of poor judgement..NL 3: Encountered alien for the first time. I can hear the screams of the people who are not me. I kinda guess that's a good thing.. Though now I know what deer feel like when hunted... Except deer can actually fight back... And I found out that there is no map in nightmare mode and that the motion tracker is kinda broken so.. Whatevs, I guess?NL 4: I have now reloaded my save game for the 20th time in the same area.. There has to be some kind of achievement for this..NL 5: If you're hearing this, then f*** youKuhlman!?!?!Why don't you get the bloody keycard yourself?!NL 6: As a result of my healthy obsession of not dying, the speed at which my left hand is able to find and press the ESC key has increased by a factor of 10. So has my heart rate..NL 7: Finally off themedical facility!Oh, this is just chapter 5?NL 8: Ha! Aflamethrower! Finally some real firepower! But I guess since every container in nightmare DOESN'T EVEN CONTAIN ANYTHING then I guess they shouldn't be called containers.. And I shouldn't be using any ammo at all since there won't be any more. Oh look, is that aheadcraWTFacehugger f***inginstadeath?!?!!!!NL 9: After gaining experience the hard way, my now superior ESC key reflex has saved me time and again fromfacehuggerdeaths.. Also, note to self - firing the shotgun on the floor richocets to face..NL 10: Finally finished!!! Aaaannnd......... What? No One Shot achievement? No, there has to be a mistake! Nononononononononnooooooooo.....NL 11: I found this difficulty called novice and basically got the One Shot achivement, no biggie.. Felt like I was hunting the alien.."
,Recommended,214490,24259531,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Low res doggo,"If you don't like alien's taking your personal space, this is not the game for you. Other than that, this is probably the best game i've ever played (seems exaggerated but i enjoyed it deeply) and i'm waiting with patience for alien isolation 2.1,000,000/10"
76561198121100571,Recommended,214490,25520124,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SabreTeam1,Best movie to game ever! Alien: Isolation is an accurate presentaion of the Classic movie Alien. Running from the Alien is the scariest thing ever!! great game 9/10
,Recommended,214490,25477576,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Bundy_Man,"intense as intense could be, with the perfect mixture of silence against subtle sounds in the distance to the deadly strike of the aliens tail!Having played other games such as dead space 1 and 2 etc. i can say no game gets you as frightened as alien isolation. the story is great and i just cant urge any thrill seeker more to play this game!10/10"
,Recommended,214490,26497759,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DR. STRANGELOVE,Absolute amaze-dongs! Those who complain about crappy AI play it on easy...HARD for life! That SOB will hunt your butt down and you will poop as he penetrates you in multiple ways...and you will like it and come back for more
76561198309829975,Recommended,214490,26174723,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Zira Dakota,"Overall, I had a great time with Alien Isolation. It's based on the movieAlienrather thanAliens, which is a welcome change. As such, this game focuses more on survival and stealth rather than combat.As I worked my way through Sevastopol, my heart was racing as I was being stalked by the Xenomorph. Every blip from my motion tracker made me nervous, knowing that any of those blips could be the vicious and undefeatable Xenomorph on the hunt. Whenever I came across a synthetic or a Human, I had to ask myself ""is the Xenomorph in the area"" before firing my weapon. I had to be mindful of the noise I generated and always had to be on the lookout for places I could hide if the Xenomorph turned up.I loved the art direction in this game. It's all based on the original 1979 movie. You've got CRT displays complete with curvature and distorted picture, incandescent lights, tape players, and old style keyboards like you would've seen in the movieAlien.I thought the story was pretty good. When you first turn up on Sevastopol, you have no idea what's happening on the station. You're thrown into a nightmare and you have to move forward from there. Much of the story is told through a combination of dialogue and messages that you find on computer terminals and on tape.My one complaint is that the Xenomorph's tendency to stick close to the player in some parts of the game means that you have to skip reading what's on some of the computer terminals. Spend too much time on a terminal when the Xenomorph is lurking nearby and you could be impaled by its tail. As a result, you miss some of the backstory, which is a shame since the game has a great story.In closing, I would definitely recommend this game to fans of survival and stealth games as well as fans of the Alien movies."
,Recommended,214490,26090012,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarthRichie1138,"This game, is truely like being part of a movie. More than any game I have played before.I have always been a fan of the Alien franchise, and was annoyed at the mediocre games created before given the story material available and the possibilities the formiddable Xenomorph allows.The game has great graphics, a grainy old school feel to the levels, and all the same sort of tech used in the original movie. So for a sci-fi it does appear dated, but that;s because so much attention to detail was made to recreate the look and feel of the movie. I only wish SEGA had put this much love and effort into Colonial Marines.Gameplay is FPS standard, but guns aren't much use in the game (largely ineffective against many enemies, plus gunfire attracts the Alien). You spend most of it walking slowly or crouching so nothing will hear you. And believe me, the Alien is not the only thing to worry about in the game.This is a survival horror like no other I've seen or played. Worthy of it's Game of the Year Awards.One of the few games I'd buy at full price.Play it if you're an Alien fans, it's the best game ever about them.Play it if you like survival horrors that don't just involve shooting your way out of trouble.Play it if you like to be scared.Play it if you like strategy. The Alien can be anywhere any time, which makes getting around tricky."
,Recommended,214490,25917070,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Starhero999,The game is pretty amazing both staying true to the atmosphere and the horror of the Alien franchise even if the Xenomorph's AI seems pretty tough at times the game is amazing. damn facehuggers. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,25964555,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Roder777,AMAZING.My bum ol' was so tucked after and while playing this masterpiece.A must buy for every aliens fan (yes i know i havent finished it. too spooky for me.)9.2/10
,Recommended,214490,26972279,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arererego,"The one, true Alien game. The game Alien always deserved. The retro-futuristic aestethic has been achieved spot-on.It is also extremely well optimized.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,27822286,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FAHNENJOKER,"I love horror movies and games and Alien: Isolation is one of the scariest, maybe the scariest horror games I've ever played. And it manages to stay scary throughout the whole story (while in other games you get used to predictable monsters and scripted jump scares, this Alien is almost unpredictable).It also is one of the best games based on a movie, capturing all what made the original Alien movie great: a likable, struggling but strong, human protagonist (Ripley); the atmospheric, disturbing yet beautiful music and sound design; this 80s worn-down industrial Sci-Fi look and the dark claustrophobic environment that on its own is already setting a chilling tone and just looks so beautiful and just feels realistic and plausible; and of course the Xenomorph, maybe the most iconic monsters the horror genre ever created.Here is how a (not so) typical day on Sevastopol might play out for Ripley:'Where is everyone? You need to find the rest of your crew and warn them. Warn them about what you discovered. You look around vigilantly. It seems like the coast is clear. Slowly you walk through the narrow, dark corridor. Steam is blowing in your face  from a damaged pipe to your right and a weak orange light from the gas giant below the space station is glowing through a window at the far end of the hallway. You can hear the monotonous sounds of the station. Somtimes it almost feels like a living organism of its own. Suddenly a muffled rumble sounds from somewhere above.. Did you imagine it? You freeze where you stand pulling out the motion tracker you found earlier and pointing it in every direction. There, on 3 o'clock, a weak peep. The peep is getting more frequent. You have to get out of here, but you know better than to run.Slowly you continue, the motion sensor cluttched in your hands, peeping. Then you see something at the ceiling. Slowly a snakelike tail coils down out of a vent in front of you followed by the black, skeletal, insectoid body you glimsed before and that you have hoped to be just your imagination. ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"". Quickly you manage to crouch behind some boxes near the wall. With a cracking sound the creature lands on the metallic ground. It raises its long head like a predator taking in a scent. Can it smell you? Its just standing there, only meters away, looking around and then right in your direction. It seems to know exactly where you are, only savoring, proloning the moment before it catches its prey: you. You have nothing to defend youself and from what you saw earlier this thing seems to bee invincible anyway. But then it turns and starts walking away. You can't believe your luck. A careful breath flushes some fresh air in your lungs again. You wait a little longer until its steps sound far enough, then you slowly start to walk again. You make your way to one of the metro stations that connect all parts of Sevastopol and call the train.A loud alert sound annouces the approching metro. Too loud. And naturally you hear quick steps closing in on you fast. In panic you look around. Is there nowhere to hide? There, a big locker. You run over to it and quickly squeeze yourself inside. The motion sensor is going haywire, your breath as well and your heart is on the brink of explosion. Carefully you peek through the slits of the locker, only to draw back immediatly. It's here, directly in front of you, sniffing and hissing. You hold your breath until you almost feint, pressing against the metallic back of your small hiding spot.That's it. There's no way you gonna get away this time. But time goes by and your still alive. You open the eyes you must have closed unwittingly and peek. It's gone. And the train is still waiting just over there. You take a deep breath and slowly open the door. Only silence from the motion tracker. You run towards the door of the train. Now you've made it, let's get out of this place. You press the button and the door slides open. That is when you hear a hiss right next to your left ear...'So this is how you will feel most of the time in the game. Always uncertain, always doubting. You shouldn't run, but have to keep moving. You can hide, but not forever, because the creature will learn and know if you keep making the same moves or hiding in similar places. Oh and there are crazy creepy androids and dangerous humans that are after you, too. It can be frustating at times, but that way it is also much more rewarding if you manage to outsmart the alien (or at least think you did). So if you like a good scare and enjoyed the first movie this is it, this is the game you've been waiting for! Best enjoyed alone at night with all lights out and headset on. Goosebumps guaranteed ;)"
76561198315564505,Recommended,214490,28609969,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bear,"good game, want a quick scare the then here ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198082380725,Recommended,214490,28432642,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,[RIP] oOEXTREMESOo,"First Ever game review.I am going to focus more on the NEGATIVES than the positives as I think many people blindly go into this game thinking its going to be amazing, when it is, but it has many major flaws which go unnoticed.This game is Unfair, the Alien A.I. is not revolutionary nor is it intelligent, but it is not scripted either. The problem is, on this HUGE space station with hundreds of people onboard, the alien seems to stalk you, and only you, even when othe r people are in the area, such as bandits. Why randomers you find, friendly or unfrienly in the world have not died yet even though they are making noise is unfair. I will make the faintest sound and the Alien immediately comes out hiding, whilst bandits have been standing in the open for ages have not been picked off yet. Thats bad game design.Many times the Alien ignored people in hallways because it was so programmed to follow and focus on me, that it did not register anybody else. This happened many times. One time in particualr there was a junction, a guy was standing to the right, and the Alien ignored him and went left, because it was so programmed to just look for me (I was in a locker).Sevastipol is HUGE, yet it just follows me around which I find incredibly unrealistic. Also, it ignors the robots completetly, this is an animal yet it does not even notice a humanoid person talking and bumping into it, because the Alien is so intent on finding me, and only me, that it ignors its surroundings. This I found Unfair and incredibly Frustraiting.There were far to many Ending moments where you think you are close to finishing, the game felt very long and dragged, just when you thought the ending was near you get pulled away. There is a lot of backtracking and re-visiting previous locations.Why cant I kill the Alien with my Shotgun?Why does it only follow me?This game is good, and if their intent was to make the player feel helpless, frustrated, angry and ♥♥♥♥ed off all at the same time then they have succeeded.7/10 as the graphics, atmousphere and location are exquisite, along with making me feel helpless, vulnerable and frustrated when playing. Just a shame the A.I. is questionnable."
76561198006710444,Recommended,214490,12648076,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,The Panzer,"Awesome game, a must buy for survival horror fans. Beaten it once on hard, playing through again on an easier setting to see what I missed the first time. Will likely play it again after that. Haven't enjoyed a survival horror this much since the first dead space game."
,Recommended,214490,12664880,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Claw,"If you're a fan of the Alien Vs. Predator Game of years past, this may NOT be the game for you. In AVP, you play as an alien, marine, or predator. In Alien Isolation, you play as Ellen Ripley's daughter from the original Sigourney Weaver movies. This is NOT an action game. You are spending 90% of your time hiding from the Alien on board your space station. If you're looking for an Alien game where you get a ton of guns and bombs and just kill a slew of Aliens, this is NOT the game for you.When you do encounter the Alien (Yes, it's just *One* Alien), you have to resort to hiding in lockers or cabinets, and hitting the right mouse button to hold your breath so it doesnt hear you. This can make the game difficult since there is no way to kill it, until the end of the game of course. There are NO Predators in this game, it is NOT an AVP game.So if your are an Alien fan, you enjoy you're heart thumping out of your chest from being scared or anxious, and you want something different then the every day ""Shoot Everything"" game, this is for you. The graphics are beautiful and run well on not-so-advanced comptuers."
76561198134756317,Recommended,214490,12665724,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,OmegaX,"This is by far the best Alien game so far, and I have thouroughly enjoyed what I have played so far. This is definatey the best horror survival game that I have ever played, and it is definatley worth what I paid for it, if not moreThe DLC only adds to the experiance, and I think that they are two beautifully re-created scenes from Ridley Scott's original Alien film(s)"
76561198011343840,Recommended,214490,12666541,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,benjamingalaxy,Awesome game.
,Recommended,214490,12686379,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,tahoescrub,great survival game....gives me the chills playing
76561197961098645,Recommended,214490,12698216,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Éadríc Fyrninga,"Having bought and played the game earlier this month, I'd like to recommend it to anyone who can appreciate the original 1979 film and anyone who is looking for a comprehensive and intense game that doesn't involve endless shooting.In its best moments the game nails the atmosphere and setting of the film, with superb audiovisual design true to the original analog and 'used future' aesthetic, from the station itself to the lighting to the sound and the music. The star of the story, our perfect organism, is a formidable foe that is not easily fooled and will keep you on the edge of your senses. There are many tense situations where you walk around warily even when there is no sign of the alien, on your motion detector or otherwise, and there are welcome changes of adversaries and scenery, even though the story mostly takes place on the station. The scope is great and those times you witness the vastness and detail of the station from the outside are thrilling in their own right.At lesser whiles the game can be quite frustrating, where it seems the alien has a homing signal on you. For some levels it is definitely scripted to stay in your vicinity, as it keeps on your tail even when you are very quiet and the part of the station you are in is rather large. Also, not being able to jump over the puniest of obstacles –not being able to jump at all, for that matter– makes for the kind of gaminess that detracts from the otherwise immersive experience. The same goes for the many 'quests', like having to find keycards and passcodes.But all in all I found this game well worth my while and it was plain to me the developers poured a lot of love and effort into it. I would certainly be up for a 'sequel' and I wager they are too."
76561197985405925,Recommended,214490,12702785,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SplitRazor,I'm stuck and loving it!
,Recommended,214490,12705797,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SpecialCheddar,"Pretty damn good game. It captures that feeling when you tuck your legs up from the edge of the bed because you think something is going to grab you, the whole time. Truly frightening and worthy successor to the original Alien movie."
76561198032082687,Recommended,214490,12710708,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,the_cyberpunk,"A unique survival horror experience. Immersive and claustraphobic level design ratchets the tension at every turn. The free exploration style of game breaks the mould from the standard, heavily scripted, surivival horror game, and creates an atmosphere of genuine tension and dread. The sound effects are perhaps the strongest part of the game, perfectly replicating the creepy industrial atmosphere of a disused space station. Play this game with the lights off, and the volume up."
,Recommended,214490,12735001,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,InS@NiTy,"This is a damn good horror game. The AI is pretty amazing, it gives you a pretty strong feeling of helplessness and the story is OK although I'm not a fan of the sods-law-everything-is-broken way of giving you stuff to do. Compared to say Amnesia TDD I'd say it's a good bit more intense (there's very little downtime) but also a good bit less 'horrifying'. Not that it isn't though, it really is.My biggest complaint with it is that it's just far too long, it took me 21 hours but it could have been half that and it would have been a better game for it."
,Recommended,214490,12735361,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DaForc3.tv,"If you are a fan of the Films then this is a must buy for your library.  They have absolutely nailed the look and feel of the Ridley Scott masterpiece, Alien.  Fans of action will probbaly be bored but there are a few viceral moments that scratch that itch.  The plot mechanics become a bit meaningless after a while, but I found you never get sick of exploring the beauty of the graphics in this game.The creature is genuinely able to provide quite a few jumps and scares and the tension it provides is spine chilling, especially in the first half of the game.Highly reccomended."
76561198050615985,Recommended,214490,12646794,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MurkyGod42069,"This being my first horror-survival game doesn't really provide reason for me to positively criticise it. Even though its my first its certianly the best ive ever seen in years. Not many good horror titles come out and if they ever did it would definitely be this game. There are some flaws in it, but are easily relatable to a relationship. You want to enjoy it, but sometimes there are problems and you have to overcome those problems to make it better than it already was."
,Recommended,214490,12663951,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Frag,"One of the most stressful games I've ever played, and I loved every second of it...except the ending.This is the best game made to date within the Alien universe. If you're a fan of the original Alien, this is a must play. The attention to details, lighting, sound, and faithfulness to the orignal movie are outstanding.A word of warning, this game does require patience. If you don't play by its rules, you will die over and over and over again. You don't run and gun in this game, you hide, creep slowly from room to room, and hide some more. You only use weapons as a last resort. If you don't like the sound of that this game probably isn't for you."
76561198054330673,Recommended,214490,12667364,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Cpt. Gwyndolin,"The game is ♥♥♥♥ing great! I loved the atmosphere, the characters, and just everything about it screams authentic. Id say it was well worth the 50 I spent and its worth your money as well."
76561198091349146,Recommended,214490,12675617,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mordecai,"This gameis incredible for fans of the the original films or of any games featuring the Xenomorphs, Stunning graphics, heart wrenching gameplay and lots and lots more..."
76561198150707040,Recommended,214490,12728038,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hotzn,"This game is almost perfect - fantastic design extrapolating the look & feel of the first Alien movie, story fitted nicely in between the first and second movie. One cannot praise enough how much love has been put into all the little details. Eerie atmosphere, very good gameplay, quite a challenge on hard difficulty but never unfair. People complaining about dying continuously and being frustrated must be mistaking this game with a FPS, which it is definitely not. Listen intently to the noises around you, use the motion tracker frequently, hide under desks and in lockers when necessary (but not for too long in the same area), make use of your gadgets if need be, often walk, sometimes crawl, never run - and you'll be fine.I absolutely recommend this game to people who like playing carefully and sneaking around a lot. The game ""Thief - Dark Project"" is similar in gameplay in my view. But the Alien is a lot scarier!"
76561198003175556,Recommended,214490,12732313,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Enderoth,"So, you wanna know if you should get this game?Alright. Let's start with how it performs.I have a pretty decent old rig that runs most modern games at a fair clip. Intel i7-2600 @ 3.40GHz, overclocked to something ridiculous that I can't remember. 8 gigs of ram. 2x GeForce GT 545 (not great, but fair) with 4 gigs of total memory on 'em.Not spectacular, right? The game runs very smoothe. Seriously. There's a bit of lag when you use your motion tracker and your vision refocuses. Same thing with using the access tuner on a couple of the hacking minigames. When an alien is doing his kill animation on you or an android is steadily squeezing the life from your un-stealthy neck, there is also some lag, but not so much that you cannot fight your way free (or die, accordingly).Aside from that, on High (or even Ultra in some cases, cept maybe near the end) the game looks SPECTACULAR. Seriously, the job they did on optimizing this thing is beyond the standard I've come to expect from a lot of game makers. So, if you meet the minimum requisites for this game, you will undoubtedly have zero problems running it.And, if I didn't emphasize it enough, it's -so-, SO pretty. In a game like this, the environment and clutter being top-notch helps immerse you in the experience. And, throughout, the game DOES NOT ""play like a movie."" Cutscenes are short, to the point, and occur from the main characters point of view. They did good with the immersion.Optimization and Visuals: 9/10How about the gameplay?Controls can be a bit finnicky at very stressful moments (Hold E to Hide? Really? LEMME IN NOW!), but you will undoubtedly manage with a little foresight and caution. The AI is, in general, pretty good, but you will definitely feel like the Alien is cheating at times. That's because, even though they say the alien is ""unscripted,"" there are some encounters you will be unable to avoid. Plus, they've gotta make it follow you throughout the complex, or else what's the point. Sneak past it once, and be safe? Cheh, naw bro. Though, the humans are fairly poor. You'll have a tough time NOT killing them to get that fancy little achievement.The weapons have all the stopping power that the best Nerf artillery can offer--they're nearly useless, except for killing humans (humans die easy). Stick with gadgets (which are awesome, and easy to come by) for taking care of bots or distracting the Alien. The game runs a bit long, but the different things you get to do during that long bit of gameplay kept me entertained; I think my finishing run-time was around 14 hours.By the end of the game, the ""scariness"" has somewhat worn off, and you end up facing down your foes with more battle-hardened ferocity than any casual shooter could bring out of you. Unfortunately, that's not a great thing for horror games (unless you like feeling as if you've conquered your fear).Overall Gameplay: 8.5/10How about the theme of the game? Does it ""stay loyal?""We have, in the past, been disappointed by Alien-franchise games. This one won't disappoint you. Watch Alien, then play this game. Seriously. Then come back and tell us how satisfied you are. I'm not going to spoil it for you, just take a look at some screenshots.The whole thing is pretty tasty.Theme/Brand Loyalty: 10/10Overall, the game delivers a fairly polished experience. I would advise you, if you like to be frightened of heavy footsteps and screeching noises (or badly modulated voices saying soothing things), and all the horrifying cutscenes that follow (you'll see a lot of them) that you snag this game. If you want to wade through the corpses of your enemies with absolute disregard for your safety, this is not the game you are looking for... but it may give you a healthy respect for the perspective of your pathetic foe. Pick it up, get some empathy, then carry on as a somewhat more enlightened Slayer of Henchmen.Overall Score: 9.25/10 -- Get this game if you're down with the stealth horror experience.Caveat: If you are NOT a fan of Alien(s), this game is going to lose your interest. During a certain lengthy mid-to-end game portion, you will not likely find yourself entertained. Reduce overall score to 8.25 for non-fans."
76561198015692467,Recommended,214490,12748361,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[PUTA] Sam White,top game
,Recommended,214490,12750895,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sir Scary Ghost,"If you're a fan of horror games, I recommend this gameIf you're a fan of Alien, I recommend this gameIf you're a fan of both Alien and Horror, this is a must-buy. One of the best games I've played all year, and one of the best horror games I've played (though this is just my opinion, of course).Alien Isolation succeeds are portraying the Alien in a way that gamers have not quite experienced before: as something to be feared and avoided, not confronted and shot at. The atmosphere, Alien AI, andgameplay all contribute to a beautifully horrifying Sci-fi horror classic which just so happens to be based on one of the best horror movies of all time. I loved this game. 9/10"
76561197986865171,Recommended,214490,12647764,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,mattmeister98,"This game really reflects the true atmosphere of the original film and is terrifying! The amount of tension that it creates is unbelievable, my palms were sweating for most of my 17 hour play through. The graphics are great and I was mesmerised by the smoke and lighting effects. There are some very small issues such as action prompts popping up on screen for no reason, along with the poor anti-aliasing, however I can assure you that I was so sucked in to the game that this really didn't bother me. All in all I am very very impressed with what creative assembly have done here.The story is well paced any contrary to what some reviewers have said about it I didn't get bored at any point. Any fan of survival horror or most importantly the Alien films should definitely get this game. You will not be disappointed! *WARNING I DID ACTUALLY HAVE NIGHTMARES THE FIRST FEW NIGHTS AFTER PLAYING THIS GAME* don’t say I didn’t warn you ;-)"
76561198157848336,Recommended,214490,17696484,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Gonnie Dorlannie,Poop yourself simulator 2015
76561197981131381,Recommended,214490,19871516,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LMNT,9.14159/10
,Recommended,214490,32749513,Posted: 24 June,all,wcombass99,"Alien Isolation is terrifying! I had so much fun playing through the game's story. The atmosphere captures that of the films and is a must-have for fans of the alien franchise. It's beautiful to look at, plays nicely, and has provided me with many nights of some good scares. The DLC is brief but well-made fan service of the first film and survivor mode is great for those who want more out of the game after the story. Pick it up even if you are a casual horror fan because it is fantastic!"
,Recommended,214490,25552665,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Bechara_Gareeb_Aadmi,"Awesome, in every way, a must play, worth every penny."
76561197998305943,Recommended,214490,25067544,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,kikea,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous game. Always getting closer to the point where realism in realtime 3D games is a viable classic aesthetic. When using the motion detector with the DOF aka ""squinting a little bit""♥♥♥♥♥♥is so real. The humans were a little bit off and some of the animations and cutscenes were far less than perfect, but the environment, lighting, atmosphere, working joe models were incredible. And always running above 60fps at 2560x1080 on my not so new pc.The 80s Alien music, sound design, graphic design and industrial design / architecture all translate perfectly to this game without ever feeling bland or sentimental. Netflix's Stranger Things was pretty good but it left me feeling a little bit empty. It was sort of just a really overtly well composed arrangement of derivative 80s scifi/adventure film tropes that mined nostalgia super hard without bringing anything particularly new or relevant.Isolation isn't skin deep though. Its stealth is pretty strong. The alien's hunting path is so well designed with the exception of a couple immersion breaking event-based triggers. Its movement feels so natural & its tail trailing behind it, vertabraes bending and conforming to the floor ohhh♥♥♥♥♥ Working Joes are pretty menacing too. You have to really use your map, motion detector, lean, sight and eyes to prevail. The tools help late game but early game pure stealth goes well.Only criticism is that it drags on a bit at the end and betrays the relative subtelty and restraint it exercised so well."
76561198043591595,Recommended,214490,25529418,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,jjjj,"""I have a bad feeling about this"" is not just a catchphrase here. With music, setting, light, sound ... the feeling will ""accompany"" (or better yet hunt) you till the end. The replay(^^) value is very high due to excelent KI."
76561198095837791,Recommended,214490,25058908,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheRealEZ,"Great game, had me on my toes the entire time!"
,Recommended,214490,25326595,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Inoshiro,"Probably the only good game based off the alien movies, it totally nails the look and feel of the original movie. Also its scary as hell."
,Recommended,214490,25320411,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,FacepalmRunner,I would say this is the best horror game I've ever played in my life. Totally recommended!
76561197994880829,Recommended,214490,25535146,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,marcuuze,"The definitive representation of the Alien world. If the same team did 'Aliens' next, that would top it, but right now this game holds the spot."
76561198102416142,Recommended,214490,25540602,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Bigsaw,Better then Aliens colional marines
,Recommended,214490,25545411,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,❤Omniwolf❤,"Probably my favourite game of all time, but I'm a big alien fan, so, no suprise there. This game is full of chills and plot twists to ♥♥♥♥ you over again and again, and the constant threat of the Alien is one of nightmares. Then, you go for the One Shot achievement, and that threat becomes much, much more real. Totally worthwhile, but at the price, I'd wait for a sale, since it isnt a brand new game."
,Recommended,214490,25559795,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Beast Slayer,Haven't died yet... but It's scarier than Alien by A LOT!That is a bit of a high bar to jump over...
,Recommended,214490,25565641,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,AWEdio,"I am loving this game, hating it sometimes, but loving it for making me hate it. It has scared me so many times it is hilarious. I am really surprised at how long the main story line is. Graphics and SFX are top notch."
76561197970843709,Recommended,214490,30716625,Posted: 24 March,all,winged potato,"This game oozes with the original Alien theme.  Play it with your headset or speakers blasting in a dark room, and you will have a fantastic horror experience."
76561198014370185,Recommended,214490,32742168,Posted: 24 June,all,Barbarian,"Background:I am a huge fan of Alien movies and have seen everyone released. Well, I have not yet seen Alien: Covenant but will do as soon as it is released on DVD (yes, I still watch movies on DVD). I have played and been disappointed with Aliens video games. When Alien: Colonial marines was released I had huge expectations for the game. Man I was disappointed. It was just shoot shoot and shoot. No element of fear or despair as we saw in the movies, especially the first Alien movie. So when Alien: Isolation was announced I was ambivalent but decided to wait and see. After reading several reviews which were mostly positive, I bought the game and have not regretted.Gameplay:I played the game on PC with Xbox 1 Controller. It was very well ported from the console versions and everything ran smooth. The menu is easy to understand which make crafting an easy task. It has to be like it because you seldom have time to craft without being chased by the alien. Aamandas motions are smooth and she can hide i lockers, hide behind desks and so on. With all the assets she gets during the game everything is easily available. She can run but not jump which was for me a minor flaw but surely this make the game experience even more tense.Graphics:The game is pretty to watch with all setting on maximum. The environment is so retro and true to the first movie. You feel like you are in the game. Nothing to complain about here!Sound:In stealth games the environment is your best friend. With so many sounds and the alien lurking around you have to ble able to listen ti its footsteps. This is done greatly in the game. Music is played where appropriate.Verdict:This game is highly recommended. Never have I been so careful with my weapons, ammo and other assets. The alien is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in about every part of the game and you have to be clever and observant to outplay it. Maybe the game was drawn a bit too long but this does not merit a negative score. I was terrified and anxious most part of the game. Some players said that they were not terrified but have not we met such people before? They are never touched by anything and are heroes. This game managed to implement the dread, despair and fear people in the first Alien movie must have felt. In some parts of the game I was hidden inside lockers for 15-20 minutes because I did not know which strategy to use. Never have stealth meant so much!This game is highly recommende."
,Recommended,214490,32673032,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr-Flash (DaLoopDigga),"Great game, immersive, optimized, the retro futuristic design is dope while complying with alien universe, i feel like i'm in the alien movie being hunted like a matherfacking animal"
76561198035418419,Recommended,214490,16070682,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Benjitude,"This game has some pros and cons over all to it though I'd have to say it is a quality game that is a great companion to the Alien franchise.Pros:Fantastic AtmosphereStellar Voice ActingMaking You Feel Like You're Actually Going Against Something Un-Killable.Beautiful GraphicsGreat Use of ""Era"" Piece SetsWonderful Overall Stealth MechanicsGood Use of A Saving MechanicCons:Some Cheap Kills From Time to TimeNo Auto-Saves (Would be nice to have atleast during elevator sequences)Feels Like The Game Goes on A BIT Long (Not that a long game is bad just over stays it's welcome)"
,Recommended,214490,32735074,Posted: 24 June,all,Soldier Of Fondue,"I really love this game. It has great graphics, a great story and is simply frightening ..  Awesome game!"
76561198146326418,Recommended,214490,26793938,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nalimko,"Yeah, I can recommend buying this game. The ""Pucker Factor"" is off the charts insane! The music alone can drive you crazy with apprehension. It gets so intense that I have to stop playing just get get back into a relaxed frame of mind. Not only do you have to worry about the Alien, but there are crazed individuals shooting at you and psycho androids to deal with as well.The first time the Alien came running across the lobby after me, I seriously screamed and was so panicked that i couldn't even think to draw my weapon, not that it would have helped. I managed to hit the F12 key, right before I died. This was the last thing I saw before the gruesome end came."
,Recommended,214490,33278680,Posted: 5 July,all,Queen,the beep beep sound from the tracker terrify me..
,Recommended,214490,33151678,Posted: 2 July,all,LICKU PUSSIU,GG
76561198112861092,Recommended,214490,12719655,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,✜Bob333✜,Amazing game.
76561198072337057,Recommended,214490,12723709,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spooky ****** Farmskins.com,"Great Game I rate 10/10 , Had so much fun, the storey was awsome and they really showed how the alein was a hunter. its worth buying there are a few minor bugs towards the end but i think they will be patched. also i loved the dlc cant wait for more to come out. good job with this game, i had a real fun time playing it. :}"
,Recommended,214490,12742918,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jojobobo112,"This game is great at raising your tension levels thru the roof, annoying backtracking and the alien AI seems to make it circle you constantly instead of random wandering but definitely worth a shot."
76561197970777844,Recommended,214490,12748194,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Thief_3_Wannabe,"Excellent game, true to the look of Alien/Aliens in form of atmosphere, technology...ect..ect. Its like the game was made by die hard fans of the movies. I was blown away they even got the old cast back together to voice act (with the exception of Ash who was a great stand in). Bottom line: Loved it. Well worth the purchasing price."
76561197973439194,Recommended,214490,12750373,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,manshoonwr,"Fans of the Alien movies *MUST* play this game! The look, sounds, gameplay and mood of the game are really in tune with the first Alien movie, and its one of the best survival horrors I've played in a while. It really delivers an ambiance of near constant tension and a feeling of dread while stranded in a creepy deserted space station while being stalked by an unstoppable enemy.PROS:- Immersive and faithful to the IP.- Retro sci-fi is well delivered.- Simple and good stealth gameplay.- Runs surprisingly well at Highest settings on a 3 year old gaming LAPTOP (which usually stuggles running most new games on higher settings now)- Good story and won't be finished before you know it (Took my 20 hours on my first run at EASY!)CONS:- Some aspects of the ""Hide and Seek"" with the Alien can be repetitive considering the length of the game.- There are some ""OMFG will this nightmare never end?!?!?"" moments (some might view this as positive, but again, considering the length of the game...)- ***SPOILER WARNING***- ...- ...- ***SPOILERS***: Ending could have been better, as it seems abrupt and inconclusive... (Allows for a sequel though, which might help)FINAL GRADE:   9.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,27765537,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,厶 Pi,10/10 game
76561198150915582,Recommended,214490,32165586,Posted: 3 June,all,Weebly,"day 1: This is pretty cool I guess.day 2: I can't wait to see the alien up close, this is gunna be amazing.day 3: I'M TOO SCARED TO GET OUT OF THE LOCKER!!!!! SEND HELP!1!!!1"
,Recommended,214490,32331946,Posted: 10 June,all,Ironmind91,"This game is amazing. I finished it on PS4 when it released, now im doing the same on pc.Strongly recommend."
76561198003725618,Recommended,214490,15254159,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Captain gash,"A great game, what the saga always deserved. The tension is amazing and the story gripping. It keeps the pressure on right until the last mouse click.If you enjoyed the movies you will love this game."
,Recommended,214490,20782300,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Significant❗🌀,"Disclaimer: This review is opinion based and has been made due to playing the game on my YouTube Channel and is also aimed at other ""Let's Players"". I will also include a rating to whether this game is easy for recording!Hello everyone!My name is SynificHD and I am a YouTuber who uploads many gameplay content, such as this game.This review will show my thoughts and opinions towards the game, also including a link to the game for you guys to check out and hopefully enjoy; and give you an insight of the game!An Alien: Isolation Review:Description:The game ""Alien: Isolation"" is a first-person survival horror game that is based of the hit movie ""Alien"", where you play as the daughter of Ellen Ripley, trying to find out the disappearance of your mother. You're aboard of the ship that has mysterious passengers who you soon discover; including a horrifying creature that you do not want to come close to.You are seperated from your crew and need to find a way to contact others to get the HECK OFF THAT SHIP!Personal Opinion:I have not yet completed this game but I will update this review once done. On my channel I have recorded only the intro to the game but I have actually proceeded onwards through the game but I havent gotten to far into the game to create spoilers but from my own personal experience of the game the atmosphere is amazing as it make you feel ""isolated"" being stranded out in space not knowing whether this space stations holds survivors who would be willing to help you escape. The horror aspect isnt so much to do with the Alien itself, but not knowing whats around the corner; creating a more psychological horror aspect instead. For an Alien game, SEGA has definitely created a masterpiece of a game and I cant wait to finish it and create a final review.TL;DRI recommend this game to people who enjoy first-person survival horror games, that includes a deep and meaningful storyline; that involves being chased by an alien and not knowing who is alive and who is willing to become a friend or foe. Some would say this review isnt helpful but having only played at least 1/3 of the game and is already intrigued to what happens next and how will it end I would say that this game deserves a thumbs up.Easy For Recording?I would give this game a solid ""Meh"" at this point, being that I havent tried to record this game in almost 3 years. Id say this game is possibly an 8/10 being easy to record.Gameplay Here for Reference ►https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq8GbDA1tHc"
76561198087099207,Recommended,214490,32323736,Posted: 10 June,all,BlackOctopus,"Took me 20 hours to finish the main story (normal difficulty).Excellent tension and atmosphere, and the xenomorph is one the most terrifying enemies in gaming history.Manage to survive him, and you'll survive them all.It never took longer  for me in a videogame to move from one room to another, being cautious on every single step. And this is a really positive thing for this kind of game. The immersion and atmosphere are one of the things I appreciated most.I appreciated a lot the accuracy of the atmosphere, the items, the Sevastopol station.It was made to suit the original 70s/80s science fiction and technology.This is an experience you won't forget, I greatly recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,32310760,Posted: 10 June,all,✪ Dirman,Is it Scary? Nope......*peed my pants 10/01
76561197961066696,Recommended,214490,12444496,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,re-animated,"IMPRESSIVE.I've gotta say, I expected a lot from this game - and it more than delivered!Excellent graphics and the developers have made a GREAT job of optimizing them. I run this game smoothely on the highest graphic settings on my two year old high-end laptop.  10/10The audio track is brilliant and brings back the original Alien atmosphere. 10/10The gameplay is excellent and makes anything but immersion impossible. The game is made absolutely awesome by the Alien's A.I. wich is something I've never before encountered in a game. Forget about Outlast's stupid zombie A.I., this is the real deal. Not to forget the A.I. on other NPCs in the game. Humans and androids are smart or terrifying in their own way.The only thing that I think is missing from this game is diversity. E.g. bringing power on or off in different sections of the game is a recurring task that could have been mixed up a bit with different mechanics and tasks. STILL, everytime you do it, you'll check your motion scanner ferociously. This is not enough to bring down this game from *excellent*.NOTE: THIS GAME IS MENT TO BE PLAYED ON HARD DIFFICULTY, do yourself a favor - don't play the game any other way. Not doing so reduces the brilliant A.I. of the alien from an almost death sentence to an old hag.Turn down the lights."
,Recommended,214490,20059519,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DAAT ONE GUY,It was actually good.
76561198143319233,Recommended,214490,23491431,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Ghost Rider,"i was really scared from Alien, exactly good game 10/10"
76561198134175970,Recommended,214490,22692451,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Frost_LK-7T2,"Alien : Isolation...Finally i got this game! Now after many playtroughts , i think it is time to review this game. Alien Isolation is a horror- survivor- game ( with some action elements )  developed by Creative Assembly and based on the Alien franchise. It was published by Sega , and originally released for PC , Playstation 3 , Playstation 4 , Xbox 360 and Xbox OneThe game's Story is set 15 years after the events of the first Alien film. You play with Amanda Ripley , the daughter of Ellen Ripley. Amanda's goal is to investigate the disappearance of her mother.GameplayUnlike previous video games based on the Alien franchise , Alien Isolation focuses on Stealth and survival horror gameplay , and the game requires the player to avoid a single Alien over the course of the game with the help of different gadgets. Now these gadgets are introduced with the game's crafting system , because most of these useful items needs to be crafted before you can use them. there are some really useful items , and some really un-useful ones. There are Molotov-Coctails , Noise makers , EMP grenades , Med-Kits and a lot more. These gadgets can be used againts  the Alien , also againts human enemies and againts Working Joes. The gameplay is satisfiying , really focusing on hard stealth ..for the most part. After the 9th mission ( iam not certain if it is the 9th mission ) you'll aquire a Flamethrower , wich can be used to completly shake off  the alien. Tough , the flamethrower can be emptied in no time , and ammunition is not easy to find. So it doesnt takes away from the experience :)Also , the game's Alien A.I is really advanced. it was done really well! it learns every time when it encounters you , so you cant use the same tactic againts the alien every time , because it will change Hunting strategy! This is an amazing thing!GraphicsThe Graphics of this game is amazing! IT LOOKS SWEET AS DAMN. I played it on Ultra graphics and i can say without a doubt , that the game has amazing graphics. But the game's style is even more amazing. Its style resembles the first Alien movie. Like the original Alien film , Alien : Isolation features a lo-fi , '70s vision of what the future would look like. And this game nales this vision. i love it to death.CharactersThere aren't so much characters that you will meet ( at least , low ammount of friendly characters ) on your adventure.You play with the Daughter of Ellen Ripley , Amanda Ripley. I personally loved Amanda , she is amazing. And i also loved her voice actor. They made her a really likeable character. You'll also have two teammates aboard the station , Samuels and Taylor. Taylor is pretty undeveloped character , and you wont really know much about her. Samuels is also mysterious , but as you progress through the game , you'll learn more and more things about this guy. He is a cool character. There is also Marshall ( a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ) and Ricardo , who i also really liked.In overall i think this game is really amazing. lets see the positives and the negative things about this game.Positive :-Amazing Style-Fantastic Graphics!-Really great plot-The A.I of the Alien is great! .. for the most part xD-Amanda is AMAZING-Cool DLCs.- As an Alien fan , its a plus point that this game wasnt screwed up!- Sevastopol Station is devastating when it comes to the look!-Atmosphere is superb!-*BIT SPOILERS AHEAD* The Hive PartNegatives :-some characters are uninteresting , and just come-in and die-Cliffhanger endingIn overall , i find Alien Isolation to be an amazing game! i would give it a 9/10! it was an amazing horror experience!I Cant Wait for Alien Isolation 2.But i know one thing. i am sure as hell i gonna buy the second game!"
,Recommended,214490,18738693,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,ZiM,"I must say this is one of the best games i have played lately. It really got me with the pants down a few times, the enviroment is so well done it really makes you feel like being there scared and desperate. While it can be a little bit difficult to pass, wouldn't it be difficult to survive the alien situation?One of my personal favorites. I really recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed Survival Horror games, like Dead Space.This game brings the definition of the word ""Survival"" to another level."
,Recommended,214490,20045428,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,R :C W,"Someone actually made a multi-million dollar Sci-Fi Amnesia - Dark Descent, and paid a legion of artists to create the best realization of the Alien universe and stellar art design  (game, movie or otherwise) since the second movie. That this unique insane concept turned out as incredible as it did is still amazing to me every time i look at it.Hell, one of the most common complaint people tend to have is that there's too much of it - it basically feels like 1.5 games. So once you've finished the main game you'll have a pretty good idea if you need to see the (rather mediocre) DLC."
76561198276719528,Recommended,214490,34717007,Posted: 3 September,all,Donald duck | csgobounty.com,"If u are loocking for the most horrofying experience of your life,well uve come to the right place! I just finished the game myself and i can say....that this is the best game ive ever played....not just horror.....the best game ever....1.Its very scary 2.Its very atmospheric 3.Great story 4.Great sounds 5.U dont need next-gen computer to run it...Averige score 9.9/10 just cuz it has some bugs with the save system..."
76561198006603219,Recommended,214490,15647957,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,TheAdversary238,"Bloody terrifying, worth every cent."
,Recommended,214490,12457092,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Space King,"I'm only 3 hours in and loving it. The first time the alien killed me I about fell out of my chair. It's almost too stressful to play in extended periods of time. I haven't enjoyed a horror game this much since the original F.E.A.R.Edit:I want to make it very clear that I still love this game and had a great time playing it. However, I have finally finished the game, and find it necessary to bring up some issues, especially in regards to the final hour or so. Everything goes wrong for Ripley and in the spirit of a broken down space station, she must go turn on this generator, find this key to open a door, hack this terminal, cut this door, backtrack to turn on ANOTHER generator to open yet another door that allows her to hack into a terminal which turns on power for the original door, etc etc, and that is all fine and good, but they keep this up in the final moments of the game when all♥♥♥♥♥♥has gone to hell and it just kind of makes it a slog when they are very clearly trying to make the final hour a thrill ride (which by the way, an hour is far too long for a roller coaster style ending. At one point I was dodging transit cars and was just like give me a ♥♥♥♥ing break and end this thing already!) Also, the alien gets viciously relentless to the point where it almost feels as if they programmed it to be cheap and always remain within 10 feet of you, rather than the relentless hunter of the rest of the game. And finally--SPOILERS--after everything Amanda has been through, I don't see why she couldn't have just gotten away. It seems like the developers just can't bring themselves to let the player win at any capacity, and that is slightly annoying to me. We just played this harrowing, horrific game for upwards of 20 hours... you can't just let the Torrens be fine and we escape? How did an alien even get on it? That's stupid. I realize they are going for sequel material here, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥CA... let Ripley--and by extension us--breathe a bit at the end of the game if anywhere. END SPOILERS.Despite all of this, the game is still awesome and probably the best Alien related thing since the film Aliens. I highly highly recommend playing it, and it's basically required if you're a fan of the franchise. If you want to experience a genuine sense of dread, then play this game. However, I do have so things I'd like to see improved upon in the sequel:-An alien that isn't always just hunting you or walking around. One thing I noticed when watching the first film is that the alien rarely showed up. In fact, it barely even touches 5 minutes of total screen time. Half of the horror was wondering where it was at all times. After a while, we do start to feel overexposed to the alien; never knowing quite when it could show up would definitely notch up the fear.-Controls that are more fluid. While I never particularly had a problem with the controls, nor did I ever feel like they contributed to my demise, I still feel as if they need to be more fluid. For instance, entering a vent shouldn't take as long as it does, nor do I want to sit there for like a second after something is hacked, which speaking of...-Make hacking harder. I know this sounds weird, but instead of having stupid mini games, actually make us hack♥♥♥♥♥♥with, er... more advanced mini games lol, games that actually feel like real hacking, not pressing E when a line moves into a different line... If hacking took a solid 10-20 seconds, we'd genuinely feel terrified doing it.-Make the world even more open. While the level design technically is an open one, I still felt at all times as if the game wanted me to go down a specific path--it still felt like a corridor game by all means and the objectives only exacerbated this.-Make the alien move slower and perhaps not kill you the instant it sees you. Again, in the original film, one thing that made it so creepy is that it would just show up suddenly, and then just stand there as the people would scream. Crouching behind a desk would be much more tense if the alien didn't just run/speed walk by, but skulked by at the pace of molasses, the player sitting helplessly for a prolonged period just hoping that the alien didn't happen to look behind itself.Anyways, great game, 9/10 (7/10 for the final hour), I highly recommend and hope they sequel that♥♥♥♥♥♥p.s., Steam, please stop censoring profanity. We are adults. Stop treating us like children, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561197979644783,Recommended,214490,12967812,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Juggles,"I don't often write reviews but this game is really cool. The music and sound effects really add to this game. I'm playing it on hard and it's pretty difficult but that adds the experience. There are some really tense moments and that damn alien just stalks you , really scary stuff. The controls are nice , the crafting is cool, but I haven't got too deep into it yet. It took me a while to figure out that the alien could hear the sound of the motion device. All in all good game so far, I haven't beaten it yet but I am taking my time and enjoying it. I recommend to anyone who likes survival/horror/adventure. Great game!"
,Recommended,214490,12394903,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,CLASS C Hero,"So many things were mishandle in the last iteration of the game featuring the Xenomorph. This one gets it right though!! Playing on the pc, obviously, the graphics are awesome!! Although most will compare this game to Outlast, another horror game where the player has no ability to defend him/herself, this game is almost in the same vein but with a hint of the classic and better film ""Alien"" The music and ambience sets the mood, and it is creepy and scary. The Sevastopol, seemingly abandoned and littered with corpses, comes alive with creaking done by the Alien, its howl when it catches a scent of you shends shivers down your spine, hinting at a fight or flight response (although the fight option is not what you would expect in a game like this) The controls are awesome, nothing convoluted here and simple controls which can let you quickly grasp a hang of things in order to survive (although the ""Q"" wheel  took me a bit of time to become accustomed to) The player has to survive and outsmart the Xenomorph, and at times, the Alien itself seems to outsmart you. There are weapons here, but the game doesn't rely on using them, placing emphasis on using your environment to distract and create a window of opportunity to escape any threats you encounter. With hints of the classic score and a new score inspired by the film's original one, the authenticity is all here. Get this game! This is an Alien game done right!!"
76561198215987800,Recommended,214490,34442649,Posted: 23 August,all,GIF,"Before I start this review I must say that this is my first time,so if someone reads this, I'll be happy to read what you think about my review and how bad it is, but not just ""you suc!"" or something like that...I've already digged myself a grave,isn't it !? Oh,and,of course,it may contain SPOILERS,so be aware.Okay,Alien:Isolation! The game,I've been dreaming about...well,to be honest since I realised how awful Aliens:Colonial Marines actually are (yes,before that realisation I LOVED that game.Don't judge me,I was young and stupid).And now,3 years after it's release I finally managed to play it. 3 times. Twice on Hard and once on Nightmare difficulty.And,oh boy,that was one...3 Terrifying and Horrific journeys + DLC's,but I'll talk about them later ,now I want to tell you how much I love the Campaign of this game.I must admit,being a huge fan of the Alien Franchise,before I had an opportunity to finally buy and play this game on Steam,of course I watched too many playthroughs of this game,so I almost perfectly knew where I need to go,what I need to do and what will happen next.BUUUT! It didn't made my experience less scary.Even more, when I didn't know, where to go and/or what will happen next this game got me by surprise much stronger  (and this happened two times in Mission 7 separately, when I was playing the Campaign twice.That's a story for another day).Yes,I ""knew"" how to play and how to ""beat"" the Campaign,but thanks to the Alien's incredible AI,that wasn't easy to do and,well,I died a lot in this game.But what impressed me the most in Alien,is that it was fair.I mean every time he killed me,even when it happened multiple times in the same spot,I knew that it happened because either I f*cked up or he tracked me down,maybe both and most of the time for me it wasn't frustrating at all,exact opposite - it was a lot of fun to be outsmarted,die, then try again and so on until you managed to made some progress and survive.Of course,it wouldn't be such if it was all the same,repetitive and if the game was too long...but that's how it was for some people who played this game,and...I can understand them.Like all we do in this game is : going on the transit/lift to specific location,where we need to pull levers,turn on/off generators,hack doors,find pascode or keycard and so on,but I didn't noticed this,because HOW we can achieve our goals and the difficulties that we must overcome were different.In the San-Crystobal we for the first time must complete tasks with Alien on our tail; after we escaped from that hospital,we got a flamethrower and now we must trap the beast and send it in outer space and I only in general described several missions, individually they have different ""barriers"", to which there's no universal tactic/s.Also I didn't have problems with all that repetitiveness (levers,generators etc) because it complements that dying world in deep space which is Sevastopol station,it's tragic story.When the plot was...ok,for me exactly the story of Sevastopol,it's inhabitants and Seegson Corp. was the most interesting and fascinating because of the unique way it was served to the player. You don't even need to read emails and listen audiologs - just by looking at the environment,how it changes through the entire game and listening to the sounds can be enough to understand, what happened.Hell, even after every mission you complete something can change in the environment, collectibles,on their side,reveal the details of tragedy,relations between workers and residents of the station etc. and it really good builds up the atmosphere of this game too.Since I mentioned about sounds and atmosphere, I must spoke a word about them, and sound design in this game, as well as soundtrack is incredible. With my knowledge of English language it's not posible to properly say how great it is (and my knowledge is not really good, so it's not a big deal, but you get what I mean), but I'll try my best.Like everything else in the game, Isolation's soundtrack is authentic to the 1979 Alien, perfectly captures it's atmosphere and tone - being based on Jerry Goldsmith's original score for Alien, that's not a surprise...that it made whole experience twice as terrifying.Jeff van Dyck done an astonishingly great job.Especially good suspenceful scores. They were a game changer and much more intense than action ones, in my opinion.And sound design doesn't disappoint either, but I noticed, that a lot of people underestimate it's importance in gameplay. Well, yes, the motion tracker is your best friend, but I would have died twice as much without ""knowing the sounds"" Alien makes.For example, I had an event when I was in the vent (on difficulties above Medium it's always a big risk,so I was worried that Alien decide to go there as well.) he passed by in the corridor, but then suddenly he jumped in the vent (not mine) and right away dropped...somewhere else, but for me it sounded like he dropped in the vent where I am, so I panicked and started firing with my flamethrower in every direction. Of course Alien heard that and...as a conclusion I wasted 200+ points of fuel from 350 I had before and my playthrough got even harder and scarier (Btw, here's a tip :don't set your soundtrack volume on max, it can interrupt other sounds).And such interruction with gameplay is simply awesome. It makes the whole experience even more tense and unnerving because you need to not only look out for your foes, but also listen for them.Well done, what else I can say!On the other side, there's a plot and, as I said before it's ok,even good,but it's not that special for me.The problem is in the main characters. They weren't given much attention, even to the main protagonist - Amanda Ripley. Don't get me wrong - they're fine,but that's all. ATTENTION! HUGE SPOILER ahead!For example, Amanda tries to find at least a clue to find out what happened to her Mother and when finally she does - ""Oh God"" - and that's all she can say. Like...really. That's a...that's a very good character development, for sure!Also I must agree that game was a little bit too long, and mostly because of the ending. They clearly didn't know how to end this game, and that's probably why we have an unnecessery hour of the game (well, for me it was only an hour) and...QTE. Yes, be aware that right in the end of the game, there's a QTE boss battle with Alien. Yes, with Alien.But even with such embarrassing as a QTE boss battle, I LOVE this game! There's too much GREAT things I liked and enjoyed and got scared of in this game,like EVERYTHING ELSE IN THE CAMPAIGN FROM BEGINNING TO THE END!In the end i must say,that I can understand most of the people, who unfortunately didn't liked this game as much, everyone have different tastes, but , as a conclusion I think most of us can agree, that Alien : Isolation is an experiment, that was worth a try.And in my eyes it succeed ."
76561198036821620,Recommended,214490,30684859,Posted: 23 March,all,Nickdarkjohn™,"Overall a great game, good graphics, easy gameplay and for a 2014 development I was very satisified. The whole thing is heavily inspired by the movie franchise and contains a lot of material from the first one. It's basically Ridley Scott's masterpiece but in videogame form. 11/10."
76561197970338886,Recommended,214490,17680065,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Zitrax,Short review: Very good :)
,Recommended,214490,34769164,Posted: 5 September,all,Agnoka,"My first stealth, duck-and-cover horror game, and thank Jebus for that! What an awesome ride. Loved the scares, and more importantly, being immersed in the Alien ambiance. The game takes you to places you will recognize, and wish you didn't. Being hunted by xenomorphs is a fantastic rush! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214490,12423245,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MagusDave,"I strongly recommend this game to anyone who is a horror, scifi, movie, Alien, or gaming enthusiast. Controls are solid! It's a mix between the suspense and mechanics of Amnesia and the combat system of Condemned. Story is good. This blows Colonial Marines out of the water! BUY IT, FOOL!"
76561198054593098,Recommended,214490,17452659,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,ZachZachAttack,THIS GAME IS ONE TO GET ADRENALIN RUNNING. NOT FOR THE LIGHT HEARTED.It is one amazing game. There really isn't anything bad that I can say about the game. Controller is highly recommended for game play unless you like the mouse and keyboard. You do need a good computer to run this game on the best quality. I have a GTX 970 4Gbs and it runs at a solid 60fps. Recommend headphones for the best experience. Also the DLC isn't all that bad either. It really gets you on the edge of your seat. Play a joke on one of your friends who hasn't seen any gameplay and record his reaction.
76561198134357764,Recommended,214490,34410722,Posted: 22 August,all,the_gibsta,"+Fantastic atmosphereObviously, since it's straight from Alien, but the sounds the alien made (in the vents, while walking, etc.) as well as the look/animations could not have been better imo. The most immersive game I've ever played, hands down!+Great gameplay/mechanicsAll guns/items are good in their respective situations, and the alien's AI is definitely one of the pillars of what makes this game so fun/terrifying.-The story feels stretched-out-A lot of running around, opening doors: mundane tasks-First playthrough must be on Hard or Survival to play the game the way it was meant to be played-Crashes often on my system (Windows 7, AMD CPU & GPU)Isolation isn't perfect, but it was very clear throughout the game, that the developers love Alien. While killing aliens makes for a fun action movie/game premise (Aliens), hiding/escaping from a practically invincible alien (Alien) is so much better."
76561198123164627,Recommended,214490,34347988,Posted: 19 August,all,thot patrol,"First half is good. Second half you are waiting for it to end and it never ♥♥♥♥ing ends,"
,Recommended,214490,29882661,Posted: 12 February,all,DMC | .wub,es alien
76561198057770049,Recommended,214490,30267855,Posted: 1 March,all,Ape With Funny Face,"Despite the fact that enemies find me if I bump a wall 5 rooms away and then proceed to hunt me down for the next 20 minutes, it feels very well made for a survival horror game.The alien moves and acts like an actual xenomorph. guns don't work for♥♥♥♥♥♥on them and it adds an even better horror feel than something like Outlast.8/10, would be higher if the ai's detection wasn't so sensitive, jfc."
76561198120434949,Recommended,214490,31886527,Posted: 21 May,all,Audiable learner,Best survival horror game.
,Recommended,214490,29650422,Posted: 2 February,all,Jeppe,Scariest 27 hours of my life
76561197965046644,Recommended,214490,34820207,Posted: 8 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"1. Opened a door only to be greeted by an alien....it had nothing nice to say about me2. Spent hours sneaking around in a medical area only to find my objective and get stabbed in the back.....it was more painful when I noticed that the game didn't have a checkpoint system.3. Glitched through the floor only to get teleported into the alien's arms....he was nice enough to end my life quickly4. Spent hours looking around the environment going ""WOW"" ""LOOK AT THAT"" and ""OMG THAT's FROM"".5. I got to visit a location that I always wanted to visit from the movies...I spent most of my time looking at something in a chair...hint hint6. I'm pretty sure the humans and alien are out to get me....I threw a noise maker at a human to hopefully get the alien to kill him...only to have the alien run past him to kill me...the sad part was the human had to run up to me and continue to shoot me while the alien does it's kill animation...joy========Overall========If you like Aliens - buyIf you like that Outlast type gameplay - buy (you get weapons later in Aliens)If You like watching the alien bug out and kill you a dozen times - BUYJust buy it so we can get a sequel....hopefully one with marines :D"
76561198077338981,Recommended,214490,13579897,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Th3BloodyMEX78,"DAMMNN!!!!! ♥♥♥♥ing cool!!!! and scary at the same time, folks if you can play with a 5.1 or even better you will feel the terror  that something is chasing you from behind and the steps are getting closer and closer.......wow what a nice game and the gameplay is so cool nice graphics.!!!!! I just played in one session 4.2 hrs with some stops but wow I could not let this behind for a while.....one of the best games I ever played!!! I´m at the 4th mission from 18 so there is a long way ahead.hello again, editing my comment after 22hrs of playing, well after mission 10, if you believe that everything will be easier HA, you are wrong dude.Really nice story and the way is made. You have to go to the MAIN REACTOR to see really what happened there!.The skills of the gamer are under proof on this game.........Definitly the machine has to be strong enough for the best or high quality.Best part, save points folks if you do something SAVE IT, another thing  SAVE IT......Worthy every penny!PLEASE enjoy itEditing my comment on January 5th. 2015Finally I can tell you a small summary ....If you have the NVIDIA card update your driver, watch out if there is no mistakes or errors with such update. If you have error during the installation comeback to the previous oneAfter that installation, if you continue with that problem of the glitches, try to change the video settings to the lowest level and cross the fingers. :=)...you will be able to play the rest of the game.......I had problems at the end of the mission 14 and at the end of the mission 16....both problems solved.Basically the game was developed on AMD RADEON technology, so NVIDIA has some issues but basically you cover them with updates.I haven´t finished it yet, but I´m able to play mission 17 by now, I guess I won´t have any problem further..Editing my comment on January 6th. 2015I did it!!! nice game EVER play it in the hard level best EXPERIENCECheers!!!!"
76561197986618082,Recommended,214490,14128308,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,G.I.GINGE,"Wow. This is a triumph in gaming. The reviewer who reviewed this from IGN doesn’t know his♥♥♥♥♥♥from his elbows. What an amazing game. Well, I say game. It’s not so much as a game as an experience. This is the Alien Experience and the true sequel to Ridley Scotts original vision. This game is a masterpiece in gaming history. It won’t be for everyone’s tastes, sure. This is the classic vintage; a glass of red wine, a tipple of single malt whiskey with a dash of tepid water served on chilled amazeballs.For any fans of Ridley Scott’s first film this will allow you to live the nightmare … and it’s freakin awesome. It’s like playing a new Alien movie with a great plot, great actors, creepy henchmen, and an absolutely fantastic lead villain, oh and not to forget an absolutely wonderful little voice performance from the most awesome Sigourney Weaver. With just a moment she adds a touch of class to an already brilliant piece of Art.Graphically stunning, the visual design was beautiful right from the very opening moments of inhabiting Ripley’s body. The lighting, the smoke effects, all the little attentions to detail thrust me right into Servastopol. It’s like wandering the sets of the original movie and it ran like a dream on my machine. I rarely find games that will run at top graphics and run well. This had no trouble at all. The optimization was spot on.The opening Act was nothing short of Oscar worthy. By the end of it I had Ripley cowering in a corner and I had a smile on my face so big it hurt. I was terrified and loving it. The music just kept building and building and I found myself wanting to shout at that little f*&(#$ to stop toying with me and come get me. That experience alone was worth the price tag for the game. The rest was just icing on the cake. People have complained about the length. Fools. This game just keeps giving. And don’t be put off by one of the earlier levels. The designers switch it up during the game; they just give you a taste of the rough stuff early on to keep you on your toes throughout the rest of the ordeal, though I will admit, there was a point during this level where I thought to myself, ‘if it is like this for the rest of the game this won’t be a fun experience.’ Take heart, this is just a tough level.And one cannot even begin to praise this game without first giving a nod and a tip of the hat to the sound design which is nothing short of spectacular. If Oscars were given to games the sound design for this game would most definitely win and be praised for years to come. Listening to that little f*&$%$ crawling around in the vents above you fills you with all the right emotions. The sound of the dying station creaking and moaning submerses you into the game world. The soundtrack immerses you into the world and builds at times in such a wonderful way it makes your heart thump all the louder.The AI of the alien is excellent. During my time on Sevastopol I really felt like I was being hunted. Watching that creature from the shadows filled me with dread as it actually appeared to be trying to seek me out. I often felt like it knew I was there or, at least, that I had recently been there not long before. And sometimes I even felt like it was trying to trick me to come out of hiding just by the way it acted. I was hid under a table at one time and waited quite some time before plucking up the courage to head for the door, just mere meters from my position. At one point I watched on my sensor as the Alien raced off through the vents at great speed. I was about to come out when the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ came racing right back and dropped from a nearby vent with a hiss.As with any form of art opinions will differ. This will not be everyone’s cup of tea. But for those of you who love computer games for what they can do, what boundaries they can push, like the wonderful Half Life in its glory days. This is one of those games that will be remembered and not just for the amazing visuals, Oscar worthy sound design or even the most worthy AI of the exomorph hunting you, but also for the way it weaves the story. Telling story can be hard in games, especially first person shooters. This does it superbly. The link to the original movie is perfect for sucking you right into the universe. It is not a complicated story. It is simple and all it needs to be to experience the horror Ripley experiences on her journey to Savastopol. And what a journey it is.There are so many little touches that I would love to share about the game but that would just serve to spoil. All I would say is, don’t read spoilers or how-to’s, and don’t watch play-throughs or walkthroughs. Go in knowing as little as possible. Throughout my play-through I was often pleasantly surprised at the twists this game took and the places it dared to tread through the Ripley Scott classic. I often found myself guessing seconds before and saying “Nooooooooo,” as I realized the horror the game was placing me in next.  But each time that smile would return as I would relish the beautiful sci-fi horror of it all. 10 out of freakin’ 10!!!"
,Recommended,214490,32763343,Posted: 25 June,all,Siledas,"The terror of being stalked by the best presentation of cinema's scariest monster in this game adaptation of the classic movie franchise is matched only by the game's painstaking attention to detail in recreating the world of Ridley Scott's 1979 film. Creative Assembly have outdone themselves, setting the high watermark for future adaptations in the franchise.Though the game is probably a few hours too long, while (oddly) failing to deliver a satisfying narrative conclusion, the core mechanics of sneaking, scrounging, crafting and hacking didn't begin to wear thin until right towards the very end. Unexpected difficulty spikes occasionally occur, leading to frustrating (and tension-breaking) restarts, though lessons are usually learned quickly enough to avoid losing momentum too often. Not a perfect game, but definitely one of best Alien games to date. Polished, atmospheric and terrifying.Overall: 8/10"
76561197977277952,Recommended,214490,15084778,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,[DDT]Roland,This game should come with a pack of clean underwear10/10 Would soil myself again!
76561198045973518,Recommended,214490,25489597,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TrilbyMcNab,"Great game, for the ones who love stealth gameplay. Graphics are good, only the anti aliasing that lets it down at my couch distant 1280x720p monitor. But forgetting the graphics this game was brilliant. Really got my heart pumping when the alien was stalking me. Will play through again in the near future"
76561198155723498,Recommended,214490,17541293,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Shlipduk,"Best hide and seek simulator. 10/10JK, it's actually an awesome fanservice game, totally worth its actual price, anyways you can  wait when price goes any % off. This will make your week/day if you saw Prometheus movie, it's a must for horror sci-fi fans."
,Recommended,214490,12399561,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,TRASH WIZARD,"on a completely different level than colonial marines.This Game is Biiiiig. seriously, it took me 2 hours before i even saw the Alien, and i heard i have another 20+ hours left in the game. Thats not a bad thing though, those first 2 hours are great, and there was a lot of plot, action, and strealth to be done even without the alien. i think that that proves that you dont even need the alien for this to be a great game. then when you get to the alien, it brings a whole new type of awsome to the game, and i love it. This game reminds me of the Burial at Sea part 2, where there is alot of stealth, moving around, and uncovering a story.The Dark Atmosphere is perfectly done is this game. The lighting and fog effects are beautifully done, and add so much to the great graphics.the Music is amazing. they actually took music from the origianal Alien movie, and extended it into a soundtrack for this game. the music makes the game, with its chilling atmosphere, and suspense, and is perfectly timed with the game.The Alien is amazing. It looks terrifying (i had doubts before i played it, but when combined with 2 hours of buildup, freaky music, and lots of suspense, this moster holds up to the terrifying creature it is), the detail on it is great, and it is so smart. the game reccomends that you play on hard, but you might want to rethink that.I havent played the Survival mode or the Expendables mode, but i am phsyched to give it a try.Overall, if you like the alien franchise, the stealth genre, or just a good survival horror, you with enjoy this game."
,Recommended,214490,12408340,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cool3Deepak,Impressed!  Very good Sci-Horror game< this is what it suppose be!  Excellent game if you do enjoy sci-horror then this is for you.
76561198026350742,Recommended,214490,33322651,Posted: 6 July,all,glumski,"There are only few games which managed to catch and keep my interest as much as Alien: Isolation did. It's the first true horror game I've played to this day, though I had my fair share at FPS with horror elements like the BioShock series or Half-Life.Since I don't really want to write a novel full of praises for this game I'll try to keep it to short points:Time: 18h for the main campaign.Pros:+ The atmosphere. It's gloriously well done. The game gets tense and suspenseful at all the right times. I got scared at shadows and lights and sounds and pretty much everything because the atmosphere is just top notch.+ The soundtrack. It's basically the soundtrack from the original Alien movie, and since the game heavily follows that movie it fits incredibly well.+ The art style. Again it's pretty much just what the movie did and therefore retro-futuristic, with monocromatic computer displays and and large wall-mounted emergency phones etc. It's a bit like FallOut only much prettier and atmospheric.+ The level design. I very much enjoyed Sevastopol in all its tarnished glory. The overall layout of the levels makes a lot of sense, and it feels like a big honking space station that should be filled with people.+ The HUD. It's not there unless you need it, really great for immersion. Even when it's there it shows all the important information you need and nothing more.+ The weapons. There are only very few different weapons available and they all have their right to exist. In most FPS I never stray from my weapon of choice but I used every different weapon here depending on the situation. The balancing is also great, with the revolver barely doing any damage to synthetics but being fatal to humans (if you know how to shoot). A:I could've been an FPS game and is all the better for not doing that.+ The crafting system. While not that extensive I really enjoyed building the different kinds of gadgets.+ The background story. I immensely enjoyed reading the notes on the terminals and listening to the audio recordings. It's like a mixture of FallOut and BioShock and works incredibly well.+ Small things, like the room being out of focus if you have a look on your motion detector.+ The Alien. Seriously, the AI is great. That thing stalks you, it learns, it's absolutely terrifying! It's not scripted, so it does things differently every time. A lot of times I was terrified even though there was nothing there. When you wait for elevators or transits sometimes the Alien comes, sometimes it doesn't. It keeps the damn thing mysterious and far more creepy than if it just showed up all the time.+ The synthetics. Those things reside deep in the uncanny valley even when they're not running around murdering people. The AI is great, the balancing is good, etc. etc.+ The overall development of the story. The levels are diverse with some twists and turns that surprised me a lot. There were quite a few moments when I silently cussed at my screen because comething completely unexpected had happened and derailed what little of my plan had survived to that point. The last few chapters are really intense.+ The depiction of space. The gas giant around which Sevastopol orbits looks great. There's no sound in space apart from you can hear through the vibrations of your space suit. Artificial gravity has its moments.+ The hacking. It ties in with the retro-futuristic art style; of course there's no digital hacking. Instead there's tuning into frequencies and minigames that actually don't suck.+ The graphics, especially the light effects.Neutrals:~ The (detailed) main story. I mean, it's a horror game, and those stories aren't exactly prized literature. It's decent enough and works well with the rest of the game but if you removed the horror factor it'd be rather bland.~ The human AI. I'm just not that sure about how the human enemies acted. Granted, I limited my contact as much as I could, so I can't say if the AI really is lacking but between the synths and the Alien they're more annoying than frightening.~ The saving places. A:I doesn't allow the player to save anywhere, there are special places where you can do it. Overall the idea is great but at points it was annoying that I had to go that long without saving. I don't want to put it as a negative because, well, on an abandoned space station with an Alien around, how many save spaces would you expect there to be?~ The ending. I would have liked something more substantial. It does fit with the overall theme though.Cons:- There's a fair bit of backtracking involved. It didn't bother me but I'm sure many people wouldn't like it.- I'm not entirely sure but I think the ingame map decided not to display a lot of symbols halfway through the game. If it's intentional that's a stupid decision and if it's not intentional than it's a annoying bug.- The textures in the few segments of the game that play outside Sevastopol seemed rather low resolution to me. It's all the more surprising because the rest (so almost all) of the textures look really great.- The amount of crafting supplies. I played at normal difficulty and my inventory was filled to the brim (apart from ammunition). Maybe I should've used the gadgets more often but still, there was a lot of stuff lying around.- The space suit is horribly slow. That in itself makes a lot of sense but unfortunately the sections where you have to wear a space suit are the ones where you walk around not doing anything else. It's only a few minutes (less than five, probably), but man, compared to the rest of the game those minutes were really boring.- Directional indicators. At two points in the game I just didn't know what to do and wandered around aimlessly. The first time I missed a hatch in the floor (it was in a rather obvious place but I didn't know yet that there were hatches in the floor), the other time I didn't see that one of the many roll-up doors actually opened on approach. I'm usually one to explore every little nook and cranny of a game, so I'm sure it'll be a problem to people with a more directed style of playing.- There was one level where hiding from the Alien became rather repetitive to me. The game solved the issue only minutes later and kept things interesting for many hours more but still, it's a thing.DLCsThere are quite a few DLCs, though only Crew Expendable and Last Survivor are campaign-like. The other DLCs feature seem to be more competitive, where you're supposed to achieve a few goals as quickly as possible. Since I'm not really into that thing I've only played Crew Expendable and Last Survivor yet.~ Crew Expendable. It's a very short campaign set on the Nostromo during the original Alien movie. Basically you have to run around, press a few buttons and evade the Alien in order to get rid of it and save the crew. It is really short though (much less than an hour) and not exactly mind-blowing. It's nice to see the characters from the original movie but honestly, it's almost not worth the hassle. If you're desperate to see more quality content of the Alien franchise this DLC might be for you and if you already own it it's worth playing but I can't recommend buying it in itself.~Last Survivor. The same thing basically holds true for this DLC again. I think it's even shorter than CE (though I kinda rushed through it) but it's got fantastic voice acting and a small tie-in to the main campaign that I liked. I can recommend playing this without question, but again, it's not long enough to really be worth it.~Other DLCs. Haven't played them. Maybe I will at some point in the future though.tl;drGreat atmosphere, great soundtrack and art style. Good gameplay. Problems with pacing. Bonus points for good sci-fi.All in all very intense and terrifying as can be.I'm a cheapskate and only buy things at 75% off which the Alien: Isolation Collection apparently does every two months."
,Recommended,214490,12866898,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DreadedX,"Alien Isolation has exceeded my expectations which I find extremeley rare in the gaming industry today.  There are not many games that have held me and surprised me as much as this one.  Coming off the back of Aliens Colonial Marines was always going to make people sceptical.  But the developers have blown all doubts away and released a true Aliens game at long last.  This is the closest representation to the original film you will get and it's just awesome!  Real authenticity, atmosphere, terror and pure adreneline pumping action that will have you on the edge of your seat for hours.  The survival genre has had it's bar set to a new high.  As a massive fan of the films I am honored to have such a title apart of the Alien franchise.  The game oozes the true authentic style of the 1979 film and has a gripping soundtrack.  Graphics are solid and the lighting in the game is some of the best work I have seen.  The story and lore is well placed and I don't remember anything not making perfect sense.  Having just finished the game I would say it's easily one of my games of 2014.  My playing experience included very few bugs and anomolies.  This I am very happy with.  A big thank you to Creative Assembly, you nailed it!"
,Recommended,214490,29290208,Posted: 15 January,all,Xenilla,"9.5/10 Rated for Isolation+Fantastic Story, Characters+Reinvented the Horrors of the Xenomorph+You are a powerless daughter of ripley, with limited skills and her only methods of fighting back are hiding or evading the Alien. (Use of force only when absolutely neccesary)+Compells you to make strategic descisions when attempting to get through obstacles+Ever present threat, aka the Xenomorph+The Graphics and Enviroment are as authentic as it's custom made engine and they stay true to the original movie.------------------------------------Human A.I could use some work-Rare graphical Bugs, but not gamebreaking-It's not Resident Evil 7, but It is still a pretty freaking cool/scary game...and it will help you survive until the CAPCOM game comes out ;)"
,Recommended,214490,14139249,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ungodly,"Wonderfully optimised for PC, with the ability to really tweak the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of its ini, great sound, lighting and art design allows for one of the most amazing, atmospheric horror games of 2014. Everything is lovingly crafted and true to the Alien universe. The only bad design of the game is that it's too long, with a bad case of fooling you into thinking the game wouldend several times, only to continue, as well as the Xenomorph becoming too predictable after a few hours (although remedied by playing on nightmare mode)"
,Recommended,214490,18714887,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,J1NROH,SEGA burns Money for♥♥♥♥♥♥Games by Gearbox-Software.Creative Assembly makes better Game: SEGA won't support...
,Recommended,214490,14763866,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Wika,Good stuff old beans :)
,Recommended,214490,33724400,Posted: 22 July,all,[LSB] bradley the JS Manager,Does exactly what it's designed for
,Recommended,214490,33661421,Posted: 19 July,all,MΞOW ♔,"Much scare, such wow."
76561197989755432,Recommended,214490,29127642,Posted: 8 January,all,Heydeeohred,"This is the game that got me into first person horror games. I have since played Amnesia (the first one) Outlast, and am currently working on SOMA.Needless to say, this game swept me off my feet. This is what it's like to have an interactive cinematic horror experience. A wonderful game to say the least."
76561198116978758,Recommended,214490,31788707,Posted: 16 May,all,Xen The Jackal,"One of my all time favourites! Aliens being my favourite Alien movie before-hand, Alien Isolation really brings a new appreciation to the 1979 classic. I can't seem to put this game down, even on my 5th bloody playthrough. A definite must-play for all Survival Horror fans! Though, watching the 1979 movie before-hand is HIGHLY recommended to truly appreciate and understand the background and references. Visually, a marvel in its lighting and volumetric FX. Story is great too, just the ending does leave a lot to be desired as it's cut rather short. Headphones are key for this experience as you will be left heavily vulnerable without. Do make sure to play on Nightmare mode too at least once! Other than a weak ending and a little lack in character development, this game is the perfect organism for any Alien fan. (Yes, call me ""cheesy"")"
76561197963640853,Recommended,214490,13766472,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[BW] Hudson <[[,Fantastic Game.
,Recommended,214490,33596741,Posted: 16 July,all,Stevie Wonderbread,To this day I'm still too freaked ou to finish this game.
76561198094617166,Recommended,214490,17804839,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[FUEL]_Ethanol,I didn't know it was possible to sweat without moving.
76561198054669434,Recommended,214490,28285318,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Veles,"Wow.This game is an excellent mixture between Storyline, Survival, With a nice nod towards the original movie.It also is remarkably good at making a person who avidly watches Horror shows, only able to play for short periods.9/10, would definitely recommend.Just watch out, This will frighten the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, You do not expect the alien half the time. Would definitly play again!"
,Recommended,214490,33667562,Posted: 20 July,all,Sub,"A solid thriller/horror survival game, probably the best one I've ever played personally. The visuals/story are great, the voice acting is alright and the developers really nailed the atmosphere that the original ALIENS film had. However, the game does have parts that felt really pointless that could of been tossed out. They made the game less enjoyable for me but I'd highly recommend it still especially when on sale, its worth a play through."
,Recommended,214490,14092208,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Superhans,"Alien : Isolation... Where do I start with this one? I should preface this review with a disclaimer. I played the entire game in virtual reality via the Oculus Rift DK2. My review will be based on that experience. Playing on a monitor is sure to be a different feeling and I do plan to replay the entire game that way. When I do I will add to the bottom of the review what I thought of playing it that way.In the 90s there was a virtual reality arcade in the mall where I worked at a movie theater. It was the Virtuality machines that ran a game called Dactyl Nightmare. By VR standards, or any standard really, this game was pretty awful. I loved it however because I'd never experienced anything like it. I told myself the minute Sega and Nintendo bring this technology home I was getting it. Years went by. Nintendo gave us the horrific Virtual Boy. We gave it back. There was nothing “virtual” about it. VR didn't happen. The technology just wasn't there. Years rolled and I forgot about it. Fast forward to about   2013 or so and all of a sudden I hear about a new company called Oculus. This time VR is going to happen they say. I'll believe it when I see it. I saw it. I now believe it. But there's still no “killer app” for VR. Even Oculus themselves bemoan that fact and say they can't wait until that happens. They're excited to see what it will be.It's already here. And what's even more fitting is that after all the years it was Sega that brought it home. Alien Isolation is absolutely VR's killer app by a mile. Everything about this game is amazing in the Rift. The developers at Creative Assembly have hit a major home run with this game. Never will you have experienced anything in the Rift like this. I found myself thinking about this game. Dreaming about it. Always wanting to hurry up and get back home so I could put the headset back on and disappear into Seegson's run down and destroyed Sevastopol space station. I wasn't just playing a video game. I was actually there. I have “3-D memories” for lack of a better way to describe this. Whenever I think of this game I remember being in that place. I have dreams of being on a space station and being terrified for my life. I have dreams of walking in space and looking out at a blazing star and a huge gas giant. I was on Sevastopol. No other game can do this. Our future will be filled with these experiences but right now Alien is the one that does it.The game was clearly created by people who are huge fans of the first Alien movie. You can see it everywhere. The detail is astounding. The sounds are all from the movie. The doors, computer terminals and every little beep and sound you can think of. If you've seen Alien you will recognize it all. The space ship you start out on is Weyland-Yutani through and through. It's unmistakable. These people left no little detail undone. We've always wished someone would finally make a proper Alien game and now it has finally happened. Some have called this game a love letter to all the Alien fans and that about sums it up. Creative Assembly did their homework. No Alien game ever made could hope to touch this. Thank you Sega for standing behind this and distributing a very risky game with a AAA backed development. This could have been a disaster. I can't really see any major studio taking a gamble on a game like this. But Sega did and for that I'm ecstatic.The Alien truly is scary in VR and the AI of this thing is totally unpredictable. There are cues you will learn. Did it hiss? It probably saw you. Sneak away and hide somewhere else. Did it scream? You're f*@ked. Run! The tools you can craft are quite useful at diverting it's attention and even getting it to get rid of other humans who are in your way. I never tired of the cat and mouse game with the alien. It was always incredibly intense and led to wild events that I will always remember as some of my greatest gaming moments. Flying down a hallway screaming with this thing tearing behind you while it keeps stopping to kill the random other human you just ran past... scary and pulse pounding. Hiding under beds while it stomps around the room screaming and smacking things around and looking under stuff trying to find you... wow. In VR you won't forget these moments. There are times in the game where you are prompted to hold your breath. In real life you will already be doing that.The game is not without it's flaws. And the only flaws I can find are related to the VR implementation which Creative Assembly didn't actually finish. They aren't deal breakers but I really do wish CA would go back and finish the VR support and make the game perfect because it's just so close.1. Using computers in the game causes the computer screen to fly up into your face. On a monitor this is nice I'm sure. In VR this is wildly painful. You have to close one eye or you will get insane eye strain trying to view the screen up that close. This is also a problem, though to a slightly lesser degree, when cutting open doors with the torch.2. The headset does not stay horizontally centered and will occasionally require you to re-center it. It's not a major problem. It's easy to do. Just tap both shoulder buttons on the controller at the same time and it re-centers. Still, it would be nice if I didn't need to do that at all.3.  Judder. The game does judder a bit in places with wide open areas. Most of the time though the game ran perfectly smooth which shocked me with how awesome the graphics are and having to run it in stereo 3-D at 75fps. But it actually worked really really good! Just wish it worked that way all the time. I think we can chalk this up to video card technology not quite being good enough for VR yet though and not really something Creative Assembly did wrong. I use a Geforce GTX 980 but even that isn't really good enough for the type of VR experiences we all hope to be able to have. Nvidia needs to step it up.That's really all I can say bad about the game. Some people complained about “wooden acting” but I don't know what game they played. The acting was great in this game. I have no complaints there. Others complained that it was too long. The game is longer than you think it will be. There are many times where you are convinced you're at the end but then you realize you aren't. I love the game so much I was always happy to realize it wasn't actually over. I will agree that it pulls the pacing down a bit but this isn't a movie. This is an event that is happening to you. You are there. It isn't about pacing. It's just about getting through this horror on this space station and were this real life no one would say “Wow. That was crazy. I can't believe that happened to me. The pacing was a little slow though.” I think the reviewers for websites that complained about length mostly did so because they need to hurry and get through the game to get the review out as soon as possible and it was probably aggravating to them that the game didn't end in 10 or 15 hours. I finished it in 30 hours and I wish it were longer.This is clearly the 2014 game of the year and easily one of the greatest gaming experiences of my life. I'll never forget the terror of standing at a save station, inserting the card (complete with original Alien sounds!) and thinking 'Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Save!' and hearing a hiss. You think to yourself, “Was that a pipe? Oh no... it's behind me isn't it?” And then you hear the squishy gut stabbing sound of it's tail running you through as you look down and watch it happen.They even managed to make saving the game a panic inducing gameplay mechanic.10/10100/1005 starsThe only game to leave my heart racing and my hands shaky. Creative Assembly and Sega score a major win with this one. If you have an Oculus Rift but haven't bought this, trust me... you need this one. Just remember that no matter how awesome it is, take breaks to avoid eye strain. You'll thank me."
,Recommended,214490,20195411,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JokerShep,Flamethrower. I could kiss you.
76561197962350956,Recommended,214490,27957073,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,I<TJ>I Hudson,"If you love Alien, you'll love this game."
76561198026292457,Recommended,214490,26819416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ookami®,"If you are a fan of the original movies, don't hesitate.Some mechanics might feel a bit clunky, but the graphics and atmosphere make up for it, and you get to play with the movement detector.I still haven't finished it, I don't have enough spare pants."
,Recommended,214490,31746732,Posted: 14 May,all,REMEDY,It's been a long time since I've had this much joy/fear and value from playing a single-plauyer game. Highly recommended.
76561198034885196,Recommended,214490,31745296,Posted: 14 May,all,Amazonius,"Amazing, to get spooked, and think 9 times on 10th time wait for it.Well optimazed, No jump I just miss jump. there is more than 2 ways to get to objective.And Hold my beer equals load checkpoint."
76561198180905533,Recommended,214490,31739812,Posted: 13 May,all,Tennessee,"Im a new fan to the Alien franchise, I mainly like ridley scotts original film, which is what this game branchs off of. You get a blend of the 1970s retro tech feeling mixed with modern dialouge and characters. The game takes off somewhat where the original film left off. The story is good and blends well with the franchise. If you like to shut out the world for a few hours and immerse yourself in a game, then this is the game for you. The gameplay is good, but its the extremely detailed environment is what keeps me coming back. I actually feel like im there, and when you combind that with an unpredictable alien, you get alot of jumps. There isnt much you can do as far as combat but it makes up for it with random bits of gear from the film. From a tracker to a flame thrower. If your a fan of the series or enjoy immersing yourself deep into gameplay then I recommend this game!"
76561198155703981,Recommended,214490,12680053,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Boozietrolls,"There isn't much I didn't like about the game, except maybe getting eaten by a rabid xenomorph a zillion times.  It is truly unbelievably creepy and chillingly beautiful. If it doesn't scare the socks off you, you have no socks on XD"
76561198159239881,Recommended,214490,15102499,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Schmauchklaus,"Ok, so don't go and judge me by how much i have played this game so far,but i must say that this game is Abolutely TERRIFING! I have played this for 5.2 hours and by now i literaly just run like a baby into the nearest locker i find and pray to god the Alien doesn't find me in there. Now if you've seen the ign review on this game, DON'T TRUST IT. This game is much better than they said and here is why.Pros.1. This game has Save machines. You might ask yourself ""How is that good?"" But let me tell you, the Save's in this game are probably one of the reasons this game is as scary as it is. Without them it's not the same, Save's make you Save and then go to the objective, and if you somehow die (tons of ways) then the previous ""Save"" is where you spawn. If you could save anywhere and anytime you want, then things would be very different. You would just save and try new methods each time you die knowing that you saved minutes ago and there is nothing to fear. See what i mean? (P.S. You can get stabbed in the back by the Alien while saving)2. The Atmosphere and Survival elements are A-Mazing. Everything is old and trashed and you're on a computer reading important information that you need to beat the level. Then you don't have time to pull out your tracker to check on the Alien. Well guess what? Exactly, i hear the Alien running twords my location because i hit a beer can on the floor.(yes he can hear that if he is close) So i get off and hide in the locker and if he decides to be a troll like he did for me, he'll start to sniff the nearby lockers and you have to lean back and hold your breath. Except he sniffs for like a minute and im losing health, he starts to leave and i let go of my breath, hears me, rips off the door, kills me, when's the last time i saved? 30 mins ago. (Im playing on hard which is the best difficulty due too his reactions)3. Androids. thats right them A-holes, them souless things with red eyes that stare right through and walk towards you saying things like ""This will require a detailed report"" or ""you really shouldn't be here"" and when they throw you at a wall and start choking you and punching you, they say ""tusk tusk, you're being hysterical"". On hard they take 6 revolver shots plus a melee hit to kill each, EACH. and when a whorde comes at you your just like ""plz kill me guys and i can safely restart this part""cons.1. Story missions and intro, what i mean though is the missions are typically just ""Go get this, while doing this. Then go back with this find out this wont work. Get what will work and come back, all while an Alien is chasing you around and forcing you to hide. But it's still fun, can't say why due to spoilers. what i mean by intro is that it takes like 2-3 hours till you see an Alien, Geez.Other than this i really love the game and i hope you like it too. hope you read this i put time into it, if you do, thx."
,Recommended,214490,17085296,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TurnItOut,"Playing Alien: Isolation on HARD in a nutshell:First, the alien stalks you through the vents and dark hallways; it can smell your fear, hear your panicked breathing, and if you're lucky, you find somewhere quiet to hide, hold your breath, and pray it finds some reason to leave.Then you take your headphones off, hibernate your PC, and try to go to bed for the night; however the alien follows you into your dreams where there's no escape...."
76561198042251551,Recommended,214490,12482235,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Ricekake,best scary game i have played in a while. worth the buy.
76561198123277584,Recommended,214490,13208038,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Billary Clinton,"Alien Isolation: the game that makes me wet myself. My only gripes with the game are that the other survivors are terribly stupid and the synthetics can be easily run away from.  If you like the Alien franchise, you owe it to yourself to get this game.  I started the game before whatching the movie (I whatched it when I was about halfway through the game) and even then, I was in awe of the amazing world Creative Assembly created. After seeing the movie, I can full-heartedly say that the atmosphere of the game puts you into the world of Alien. The music is incredible, and largely adds to the tension. The Alien is no longer something you go looking for. It is once again a monster that slowly picks off you and your friends one by one. It's behind you, above you, in the shadows, and it knows you're there. It WILL kill you. The Alien's organic AI means you never know when it will turn around, or what path it will take. All you know is that your motion tracker is beeping more and more furiously as it slowly closes in on you. How do you kill it? You can't. The perfect organism is back, and you're on the menu."
76561197993405770,Recommended,214490,13810007,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,claude102,"What a visceral, immersive experience! The buyer gets his money’s worth within the first few hours of this atmospheric Sci-Fi Horror game if racing heartbeat and sweaty palms are a measure. Mostly I play action or soldier games and usually I’m running into the action even if I have to replay an area several times to get to the next. But frustration is the dominant feeling in those games, not the dread and terror of creeping down a dimly lit corridor, all the while hearing bumping and thumping all around and above me (and the unsettling soundtrack) as the alien hunts for me. The squawky detector is a help to tell you when the alien is near but sometimes the random pips and scratches send a false alarm that need to be checked out.Fans of the Alien series of movies will love wandering around the nearly-abandoned, deep-space manufacturing complex which truly captures the look and feel of the style in the movies. But it’s obvious that something went very wrong here, and it’s your job to explore where needed to fulfill the missions (rather than Chapters) as the game progresses.The difficulty can be changed under Options but only within the game.  Game Save is only allowed at specific stations which means in some levels you have to redo many minutes of nerve-shattering creeping around only to get skewered again by “that thing”. So I recommend taking the time to slink back to the save station when mini-tasks are completed even when it’s out of your way and you’d rather not backtrack more than you have to.  Another minor complaint is the sometimes contrived reason you have to put yourself in harm’s way but that is just another convention of the genre.There are many visual and auditory references to iconic games such as Half-Life and Portal (and probably others I miss). An earlier Alien game got terrible reviews due to hang-up and crashing problems but this one is a winner on par with these other benchmark games. If you don’t want to buy it at the reasonable market pricing at least put it on your Steam wishlist and buy it when you get the email that it’s on sale. That will limit your financial exposure, but nothing but heightened awareness and a fuelled-up flamethrower will protect you when you creep out of your hiding place to see what’s beyond the next sliding door…(Here's a great trailer that shows players' reactions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EWe69vP1pA)"
76561198058828004,Recommended,214490,27518195,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GHOSTKILLERS24,Easily best hiding simulator
,Recommended,214490,30030493,Posted: 19 February,all,monoblaine,You will need adult diapers
,Recommended,214490,13299332,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,rupert,"An absolute must for any fan of the Alien saga. Alien: Isolation is the game that the saga deserved, one that captures not only the fear and suspence, but the setting and atmosphere as well. Compelling and immersive, its attention to detail is spot on with wonderfuly executed desgin and textures; the beautiful yet errie Sevastopol spacestation resembles features that of the Nostromo in Alien, and the colonoy complex in Aliens. I can honestly say that this was more of an experience then a game for me.  9.5/10  One of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,214490,28323292,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,BattMarn,"beautiful, tense, terrifying"
,Recommended,214490,26867721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,†»Σмρîřë«†,Best atmospheric horror game.
,Recommended,214490,12457633,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rip,"tl;drIf you're a fan of the genre, the Alien franchise, or both, absolutely get this game. If you totally lack patience and/or are frustrated easily and hate dying a lot, this game might not be for you.Think about other stealth games like Splinter Cell. You know how you sneak around, have many advantages and gadgets and by the end of the game, you've taken out dozens of nameless, faceless henchmen? Alien: Isolation is like that, except YOU are the henchman. The Alien has all the advantages, it stalks you, it messes with you, and ultimately it kill you... a lot. Alien: Isolation does a good job of deconditioning many survival horror normalcies that games of the genre have instilled in us up to this point. That sound you hear of some unseen monster skulking about nearby, those scripted music and audio cues designed to scare you. I'm an adult, I'm not a fool, I know those are there to scare me which is why they don't work. Except... except this time it's not scripted,  there IS monster in the air ducts above you and it IS zeroing in on you unless you act! Usually, for all intents and purposes, you as the player are the most dangerous character in the game, like Dead Space, for example. The narrative tells you you're trying to survive against all odds, but truth be told you are slaying enemies single handedly throughout the entire game, and usually defeat some giant end-game boss at the climax. Not in Alien: Isolation, you are truely the prey, you are truely surviving against all odds and you are constantly in a state of dread or fear.You can truely tell they wanted to make this game right. They went the extra mile in making the atmosphere near identical to the one created by Ridley Scott in 1979. The 1970's retro futuristic design makes you want to explore and discover tiny details and nuances built into the game around you. Unfortunately you can't, since you're constantly fighting to stay alive. Exploration gets you killed. There are tons of references to source material and overall, this game completely nailed it in terms of visuals, in both quality and design. Top notch.The game isn't perfect, however. When it comes to the graphics, there are little nitpicks that are bothersome, but are not deal-breakers. For example, when NPCs speak to you in game, their mouth just gapes open and looks like they're chewing on a Jawbreaker or ice cube. This isn't so in the cut-scenes, but for some reason the cut-scenes run annoyingly choppy. The game is generally about 100 FPS, but the cutscenes look like 15-20.There is also an inherent flaw to the overall concept of Alien: Isolation. They made it so difficult, they made it such a guaranty that you will die often, that truth be told, it stops being scary. At first it's all terrifying sure, but after the xenomorph kills you so many times, it sort of loses it's affect on you. Playing the same section over and over stops being scary and starts to become a bit annoying. Luckily, I haven't yet run into a section that took maybe 5 tries to overcome, but by that 5th try, it certainly wasn't scary anymore.Looking at the big picture, this game a huge triumph and definitely moves the genre forward, and I hope many other games gather inspiration from it in the future. It is unique, innovative, a love letter to the fans, an homage to the source material and a great surival horror game all-in-one. I'd love to see this done in the ""Predator"" universe as well.In the end, this is a survival horror game done absolutely right. If you're a fan of the genre, the Alien franchise, or both, absolutely get this game. If you totally lack patience and/or are frustrated easily and hate dying a lot, this game might not be for you."
,Recommended,214490,12821184,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Headless Horseman,Great Game ! I Recommend This Game To Anyone It Has A Great Story And Some Jump Scares And Perfect Graphics I One Thing I Didnt Like Was The Hiding  And Running Away System
,Recommended,214490,20917999,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,PixelDaddy,"I have to recommend this game for the brilliant art direction, superb atmosphere and bravery of the developers to make something more surprising and original than a shooter.But unfortunately after around the five-six hour mark for me it became more and more tedious and frustrating. Put simply I ended up either being stressed about being hunted or bored with hiding in lockers and doing the same sort of quests in the same looking corridors. That's a little harsh perhaps and maybe I should have played it at a lower difficulty  to have more fun and require less patience (I played on hard).The first opening hour I was blown away, I really felt I was taking part in my own Alien movie (which by the way, is one of my favourite movies). I also enjoyed learning about the Seegson Corporation, I thought that part of the story was really interesting and their cheap androids quite terrifying. The sound is excellent, the graphics crisp and when the alien makes its first appearance it really is extremely tense indeed (I had to pause the game and actually considered just shutting my PC down! :-).But alas after that, I just lost interest. I wasn't enjoying myself. I got tired of creeping from one bunch of locked doors to another, hiding in lockers and staring at a motion tracker as the most interesting aspects of the story dwindled away.I am aware the majority of people don't feel the same way as I and overall the excellent opening hours made it an experience worth my time and money.7.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,31961127,Posted: 25 May,all,I need healing,Terrifying but fu**ing fun.
76561197962819006,Recommended,214490,31985110,Posted: 26 May,all,petit-beurre,"I absolutely have to give this game a big thumbs up.Pros:Atmospheric, true to the original film and well implemented.This game is truly loyal to the original 1979 alien film. Got to love it.Cons:I am too scared to play it :DDefinetly recommended!Edit v1: I finished the game after 6 months of starting. :D Absolutely epic. It changes a bit after certain events (Which I won't spoil) but still it's so faithful and genuine that I just have to recommend it. It's also quite good graphically."
,Recommended,214490,14943288,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],"the mechanics of the game alone quite simply make this the best and most faithful alien game that I've ever seen produced. adding onto that, the fact the art style has been almost completly ripped from Alien *on top* of having all the original sound assets of it, this title will make you nerd out at several points if you are a fan.it's also one of the most stunning games I've seen graphics and detail wise, but it also happens to be really well optimised and I have not once encounted any slowdowns or FPS drops while running it on full. (amdHD 7970.) that said though there are the few occasional graphical artifacts. (lights from a tram that as long left, etc.)this is one of those must play games."
76561197973368398,Recommended,214490,25474287,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Vulkar59,"An absolute beautiful gem of a game. So much love clearly went into every aspect of this game, from the design of the objects that build the world to how well it fits into the alien universe. If only more games were made this well."
,Recommended,214490,17672448,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Yung Cash Register,sp00kygood gramfixgood sotrypls buy
,Recommended,214490,30215148,Posted: 26 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,I freaked out my family and my friends.
76561198008694121,Recommended,214490,28957614,Posted: 2 January,all,JDUK,"A brilliant game that flew under the radar a bit in 2014, if you love the Alien films just buy it!"
,Recommended,214490,28979869,Posted: 3 January,all,xoxoxo,Too scared to play. I think that means its good.
,Recommended,214490,28980689,Posted: 3 January,all,Stu,"Amazing game. Beat the game on hard, which is recommended when selecting a difficulty. It took me 25-ish hours.I played in the dark with headphones and on a 100"" projector in the living room. There were many times when I thought the game was over, and then it turns out I wasn't even close. The coolest aspect is the overall horror sci-fi cinematic experience that they hold strong for the entire game, truly they are masters of the craft. I was loving what I was playing and screaming like a little girl while trying to escape from my couch out of shock and fear. This game perfectly captures the Alien movies in many details including many subtle details.They are very good at keeping the game going and keeping the gamer engaged, but once it was over - it was just over. After playing with so many hours stuck right in the middle of a huge survival climax that never ends, I guess it's hard to properly end that experience.Only negative, no resolution to the story or a proper ending. The gift of the gameplay and realization of the Alien Sci-Fi world was so enjoyable though, that it can be forgiven."
,Recommended,214490,28993810,Posted: 3 January,all,toggaf ynnart,"Alien: Isolation is a very pleasant return to the atmosphere of the original Alien film before the horror got sucked out of it. instead of appealing to other aesthetics it remains true to the retro sci fi visuals and audio of the film. but perhaps more than that it provides game play that is actually survival horror that is very reminiscent of frictional's SOMA and the original Resident Evil games.Together these things create an experience as classic as the original Alien movie complete with the masterpiece by H.R. Geiger.It is terrifying, tense, and it makes you think and requires you to be bold in parts. this improves upon the simple mechanics of Frictional's horror survival where you are required to cower until you learn the mechanics of the monster. it also provides more complex gameplay than the original resident evil games. it has a mechanic where you build various objects that distract or damage certain enemies from materials in order to avoid them and stay alive. you will have to do more than any other survival horror game in a beautiful game. not to mention it has a story driven feel that keeps you going that narates events that mirror the movie.with many references to the movie and following the events of the movie and all of the masterfully done parts of the game i cannot simply not reccomend it.however i reccomend you see the original movie first."
76561198289976036,Recommended,214490,28997039,Posted: 3 January,all,kornfire,Awesome game if you like Horror survival or Aliens in any way this is a great game. Very challenging game and super fun!!
76561198090610294,Recommended,214490,29013279,Posted: 4 January,all,Wraith,In space.  No one can hear you take a dump in your pants.Yeah folks it's like that.  Great atmosphere.  Lots of comments about the lower graphics but it works with the gameplay.Well worth the few dollars I paid.
,Recommended,214490,29021387,Posted: 4 January,all,mirek,this is really something. i play the game only during the night. that's the experience :-)
76561197986990716,Recommended,214490,29040529,Posted: 5 January,all,Max,"The ambient in this game is freaking amazing, hands down it's in my top 5 singleplayer games ever.."
76561198354241642,Recommended,214490,29040562,Posted: 5 January,all,Wilky,Awsome lenghty playthrough with great story and follow on in the alien sequal would highly recomend if your into horror/survival games. 8/10 peace
76561198056807299,Recommended,214490,29053196,Posted: 5 January,all,Rize,Make sure you're wearing your brown pants.
76561198371026762,Recommended,214490,34343569,Posted: 18 August,all,Kfc4every1,"Great Game. Only complaint is that it is longer than most games out there, but is that really a complaint?Sweaty palmsRacing heartWet underwearA great time"
76561198060590039,Recommended,214490,32040280,Posted: 29 May,all,jbaile57,"Best Alien game ever, and one of the best horror games as well."
76561198041829179,Recommended,214490,26858208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pempek,You don't know what fear is until you played this game.
,Recommended,214490,26867746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kredit2Team,"This game is an amazing masterpiece of sound design, enviroments and story."
,Recommended,214490,29656164,Posted: 2 February,all,jackinab0x,"scary af, gotta man up and finish it."
,Recommended,214490,31929678,Posted: 23 May,all,Lich,"As an Alien fan (of the first movie), and a retrofuturist and psychological/suspense fan, this was THE game.Stop wasting time. The game was perfect to me, a totally grumpy old man.Go be afraid."
,Recommended,214490,12403804,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,OCEAN MAN,"first off, my heart beat is still fast, from playing the gameit got my heart going, oh my gosh, in a dark room with full suround sound it's amazing9/10 this is an amazing game. it's thrilling and terrifying just like the movie Alienif you love horror games then you'll love this, especially the challage mode.if you loved the orignal alien you love this, and if your trying to recover from A:cm then you won't be dissapointedfive points of pros/cons1)great soundtrack feels very emersive2)great AI for the alien3) great atmosphere(now the bad)4) the camera has bugged out for me twice while crouching5) the radial menu isn't very intuitive(controlls), but i can clearly see i have and done(looks)overall i love the gameso great gameplay overall a few GUI bugs that hopefully be resolved soon."
76561197971590816,Recommended,214490,12461835,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,"Broke, Starving Artist.","This game is awesome. Great environments that match the era of alien and epic sound design. My only gripe is the game is WAY, WAY too long. By 3/4 of the way in I was just wanting the game to be over because the gameplay was getting very repetitive."
,Recommended,214490,22729189,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Levan,"all the time you want to crouch, you are alone... and then something or someone makes sound, you jump from chair, turn around and no one... then calling lift/elevator and that waiting time, makes you nerveous, everithing gonna happen, music changes into creepy sound, elevator is still on its way, you say - come on, come on... and finally it arrives, you jump in and hell out of there, but another creepy station is waiting for you and everything starts again..."
76561198019387413,Recommended,214490,13224910,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Rzt99,Didn t see the Alien yet. But atmossphere is great. Great game.
,Recommended,214490,34435550,Posted: 23 August,all,General Veers,"Xenomorph, Thriller, Scares like you wouldn't believe and a great art style whats more to ask for?"
,Recommended,214490,34648760,Posted: 31 August,all,Randinva,"Before buying this gate I knew it was too long for a horror game, but when I started to play it, my reaction was different from what I expected, the alien was great and I didnt feel it was overused, the length was a little too long but I enjoyed my whole way through, the way the setting is brought to life is so good that at the beginning I wasnt scared but just in awe of how good it looked, felt tense the majority of the game, and really made me appreciate the alien universe, even if the only alien movie I have seen is alien: covenant and I really hated that movie."
,Recommended,214490,17675226,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,JeffAmentSlash,"I played this game, I stopped playing it too, only because I am too scared of that big black alien thing, like it found me in a locker and I was like nah, nope nup , noooo , negative not happening , turned off my computer and curled into a ball and cried.10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,214490,34697535,Posted: 2 September,all,Drewkemia,"Game over, man...GAME OVER!!"
,Recommended,214490,34699777,Posted: 2 September,all,AnarchoRuralism,I need another game like this. Just amazing.
76561198123464074,Recommended,214490,34699443,Posted: 2 September,all,Ughash,"Amazing game! Playing on medium probably a fraction through the game, and I suck! But im having a ton of fun! <3 if you liked Outlast you'll love this! The Alien adapts to your gameplay which is always scary, for instance I would hide under desks a lot and then he started to trick me *Alien walks past desk standing for a bit smelling the air before he creeps up into the vent*  Me: ""Is it safe? Can I escape? Can I go out now?"" *Steps out hearing the Alien jump out of the vent doing a 180 spin* Alien: ""GAAAH!! GOTCHA SNAKE! GIMMIE YOUR HAIR"" Me:""NOO NOO!! NO!!!!!!!!"" *I throw my flashbang stunning him for half a second before getting chomped* Real Experience <3 I'm still stuck on that part lol. ALTHOUGH! It will take 1-2 hours of gamplay before your 1 on 1 with the Alien but through the beginning he's always taunting and showing up for some parts to give ya a good scare.You can also use him to your advantage which I really like! For instance there was a group of human survivors armed gaurding a area, I crafted up a sound maker and chucked it by there feet making the Alien come to kill em all.I highly suggest playing on a weaker setting the Alien is super smart and tough to get by (Although I do suck at horror games so take that with a grain of salt <3) Save stations are also pretty spaced out which is kind of annyoing when you save before a interaction with someone then die and get sent back and have to do the interaction again.Highly suggest this game! As someone whos a HUGE alien fan this game lives up to franchies! Its the game we desereved <3 Word of adviceSave your BULLETS EVEN IF IT LOOKS TEMPTING TO SHOOT A SYNTH 4 TIMES IN THE HEAD OR A SURVIER TRUST ME!! BULLETS ARE REALLY HARD TO COME BY! I mainly use them for synths when im in a stick sitution and my wrench to bash humans with a wrench"
76561198005804505,Recommended,214490,34701569,Posted: 2 September,all,Monstro0,"This game keeps you on your toes, makes you think before you act, and tests your patience. It gives me the same vibes that the original Alien movie did, and i like that. It also fits into the Alien storyline perfectly in my opinion"
,Recommended,214490,12449593,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,DJWild92,this is the Alien game we been waiting a beautifully designed game to scare the pants off you. don't miss this one.
76561198306041070,Recommended,214490,34696142,Posted: 2 September,all,Elite Firey,truly terrifiying
,Recommended,214490,34698128,Posted: 2 September,all,b'ill,Just get it.
76561198030616687,Recommended,214490,34704291,Posted: 2 September,all,karunsiri,No regrets after purchase. Immersive gameplay. Good plot. Recommended
,Recommended,214490,34712864,Posted: 3 September,all,^_^ Peter,There are very good spooky allans. 42/42
76561198041262195,Recommended,214490,34734270,Posted: 4 September,all,dogshocker,"Well chaps....I love first person games (Stalker series; Elder Scrolls series; Fallout series; etc.) I bought the whole Alien Isolation package (inc. DLCs) for about a tenner in the sale. I can honestly say that I have never got such an amzing game for my money as I did this time.This game is massively intense (even on easy !). For STALKER fans think Misery....remember that desperate feeling of trying to stay alive....you'll get all that from this game. It will have your guts all tight with fear and anticipation, with your palms all sweaty..... seriously !Perpare to die many times because the enemy AI is probably on of the best I've encountered. It's not a standard, lock 'n' load, shoot-em-up but there is plenty of weapons play....you just have to be careful about which weapon and when you use it. It's a stealth and distraction game....a bit more thinking and a bit less mindless bullet spraying. There's plenty to craft, hack or collect and plenty of missions.I reckon, now I'm on my first play through, I would have bought this game even without the sale price advantage...on sale though, I swear, you'll NEVER get as good a game for your money.......it's 'full-on' with the atmospherics and sometimes downright scary, but always very intense !"
76561197981352617,Recommended,214490,34415790,Posted: 22 August,all,Nada,"This is tough, I struggled with the yes or no. The yes comes with a 'not for full price'. I think the people who made this game deserve some credit, the game looks and sounds great and amazing so well done to the look and sound department.Special mention to whoever convinced Harry Dean Stanton to take part and record some dialogue. Getting the original Alien cast to take part is impressive even though the add on that features them is really short but again, the Nostromo looks perfect, I just spent time walking through it saying things like “Hey this is the Mother room” and “Hey those are the helmets from the opening shots”.Can't say enough good things about the look and sound of the game.But then there's the gameplay. The god awful, tedious, random, no strategy just go and hope the alien doesn't find you gameplay. No second chances if the alien sees you, that's it, you go back to a save point. Even if you've got a flamethrower or one of the crap things you can build that only buys you about two nano seconds before the xenomorph's lumbering down the corridors again. You have the ability to run but you can't because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'ll hear you and will come running like a fat man to a sandwich. I get what they were going for, immersion and fear, and it is scary, at first but then it just becomes annoying. The alien was just getting in the way of my enjoying the story. Headphones help because it's easier to hear that♥♥♥♥♥♥coming than using the motion sensor which gives away your position. I ended up turning the difficulty level right down just so I could progress the story at a decent pace and not smash my keyboard through my screen.Again, worth a go just for the sound and look but the gameplay is well♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214490,28673679,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Soarific,"Don't worry about my in game time played. I had this game on PS4 when it first released and decided to pick it up for PC on the steam winter sale.This game is the best survival horror/atmospheric game I have ever played. The story is amazing, the thrill of being chased by the Alien is unreal and the immersion is excellent.I highly reccommend this game to anyone who hasn't played it before, you will not be dissapointed. And for just over £8 you get all the DLC, what an absolute bargain. This game has so much replayability.The game also runs on ultra with no lagg whatsoever on a GTX 960M. BUY. THIS. GAME. NOW. A+++"
76561198113948632,Recommended,214490,34719824,Posted: 3 September,all,Kain,"An amazing game which is the true definition of ""Survival Horror"" by all means!First thing that strikes you right in your face is its terrifying atmosphere. Fear in this game is not just about jump scares or even Alien by itself. The sense of surviving with great help of amazing sound effects and great musics and its bizzare level design all together have created something like nightmare that gradually rises the fear level inside your mind until the atmosphete single-handedly scares you to the bones while there is no one even around! Now add immortal Alien and other enemies that they just want to kill you ... well, there is no rest in this game. Fear and exhaustion all the way through.The story line and gameplay are also amazing that even through the long gameplay time you don't feel bored.An unknown jewel if you ask me!"
76561197969945993,Recommended,214490,13110540,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Loki,"Enjoyed every single minuite of the game. Once I started playing this I could not stop I was hooked!Excellent looking enviroments lots of eye candy, great gameplay, brilliant story, loves how it ties in to the films"
76561198047479200,Recommended,214490,26240791,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ItsaMobiusLife,"Pros:Great graphics, atmosphere, and gamplay, lead to a compelling game that is hard to put down and makes you want to jump back in the second you turn it off. Following the style, sound, and look of the original film, Alien: Isolation pulls you into a living breathing world that is both terrifying and beautiful to behold. Plus spooky alien is scary. The game is just fun plain and simple.Cons:The last act drags a bit but doesn't deter from anything.All in all one of the best games ive played in a long time. Highly recommend."
76561197994978250,Recommended,214490,14960372,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Arcadinal,"This is a hard game to write an adequate review for. It really is a work that is more than the sum of its parts. You can talk about the graphics (the intricate set design, the retro-70’s sci-fi aesthetic, the monochrome screens, etc.), the sound, the mechanics, but really none of that gets at what really makes the game shine. It’s not something you can glean by watching a few Let’s Play videos or something either, or get from clips shown in various reviews.What is ultimately hard to quantify is the feeling of deep and total immersion after you’ve been playing for half an hour or forty-five minutes…how your living room, the keyboard, and your monitor sort of fade away and then it’s just you in those dark and eerie corridors. The story, when it’s happening, is almost in the way, because really it’s not so much Amanda Ripley’s experience that matters here, it’s yours.The meat of the game is in crawling through the mostly abandoned industrial labyrinth, the eerie music almost unnoticed, and the soft clicks and hisses of machinery being accompanied by the never too far off squeaks and clanks of a monster crawling through the vents. It’s when even at times when you know you’re free of pursuit, you still crouch and advance slowly, because even when the alien is nowhere to be seen or heard, the oppressive nature of the environs just feels threatening. It’s when I hear that telltale scraping of movement overhead, and I think, “I hate you.” The Alien has ceased to be a video game antagonist, and become something more insidious and tangible.It is not something easily described. It has to be experienced, and oh what an experience it is."
,Recommended,214490,25278343,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Rabbids In Real,"Im a horror genra nerd. I like all things that can scare you and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that, but this game i dont know it gets me everyime. This♥♥♥♥♥♥scares me like nothing else does, maybe its because at a early age i watched aliens so the fear of it is burned into my head or something. Basically this is one of the scariest horror games out there and its matched with some pretty tough difficulty so good luck"
,Recommended,214490,15142946,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,The Ember,One word describes it all: epic.
,Recommended,214490,32247188,Posted: 7 June,all,gazoozki,"This game is pure awesome. Yes you will get anally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥multiple times, yes you will find yourself getting rekt by some evil robot dudes. However, when you reach the ending, you think to yourself, ""I just went through that whole space station in 15-20 hours and did some cool♥♥♥♥♥space beep boop stuff and some cool♥♥♥♥♥hide and seek as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I recommend playing on hard mode for the full experience. Definitely buy this game if you are not too scared and like an in depth story with lots to do."
,Recommended,214490,29576117,Posted: 29 January,all,Vulcan,This game was a lot of fun but had some tedious times too.  Great graphics and atmosphere with pretty good voice acting.
76561198020445562,Recommended,214490,28197261,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,WereHare,"Gameplay9 / 10Alien sections are amazing, but there are unfortunately too many human / android sectionsHard difficulty highly recomendedAlien gets smarter on higher difficulty, but still doesn't react to the very loud vent opening / closing noises even though he can hear your motion tracker's soft beepingDealing with the alien becomes too easy once get the flamethrowerHeadphones or good speakers needed to hear where the alien is on hard difficulty since you can't really use the motion trackerStory5 / 10It's what you'd expectPresentation10 / 10Amazing atmosphereFantastic soundsGraphics10 / 10Length / Replayablility8 / 10It's longer than i expected, but I wish it had more alien and less humans and androidsBugs / Issues10 / 10Nothing as far as I can rememberPersonal Opinion9 / 10I had a lot of fun playing it, screw you IGN for trying to make me skip thisOverall: 9 / 10"
76561198061972550,Recommended,214490,25834009,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Salami Guru,"Genuinely scary, this is the game Alien fans have always wanted. Beautifully crafted and strikingly immersive, Alien: Isolation is about the perfect horror game as far as gameplay, visuals, and story. The only issues I had were a few levels that required you do several specific actions (such as picking up or viewing a map before entering a room that would lock you in, forcing you to load an old save. Seems like bad design, and I'm not sure why it was never fixed in beta. In spite of this, I can't recommend this game enough. It's that good.10/10. Alien fans, buy this freaking game."
76561197970684034,Recommended,214490,12396152,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,James_UK,Played for about 2 hours so far and I've never seen a game that is so faithful to its source material as Alien Isolation is. It really shows on so many levels that Fox granted the development team access to practically all the assets used to make the original film. The sound design is second to none as is the music and the way it seamlessly changes depending on whats going on. The game itself appears to be superbly optimized as it runs really smoothly on my Nvidia GTX 480 with all the settings/resolution set to the highest settings. The only minor disappointment that I've come across is that you don't get to rescue Jonesy in the Last Survivor mission DLC. :3
,Recommended,214490,28089217,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","A very good way to experience the true horr- OH ♥♥♥♥ ME HE WAS HIDING IN THE VENT,♥♥♥♥♥♥RUN RUN RUN -or of the original 1979 film. It even comes with a recreation of- ♥♥♥♥ WHERE'D HE COME FROM I LIT THAT ♥♥♥♥ER ON FIRE HOW'D HE GET BACK HERE -an optional DLC addon that basically recreates the last half of Alien. The camp -OH ♥♥♥♥ I DROPPED THE FLARE ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ HE SAW ME ♥♥♥♥- aign storyline is extremely fun to follow as well and it's great tha= DUDE I SWEAR TO GOD THAT ♥♥♥♥ER WAS DEAD HOW'D HE GET BACK HERE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- t they make it a point that the alien won't be the only danger you face. More than makes up for how ter- ♥♥♥♥ THAT'S HIS TAIL♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BARBARA STREISAND- rible Colonial Marines was."
,Recommended,214490,24474292,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SmiteThyFace,"Alien: Isolation is the greatest piece of Alien media to come out since 1986. This game gives a breath of fresh air to a franchise that is otherwise drowning in half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥videogames, and confusing movies. Creative Assembly has created a wonderful experience that feels like it was picked right out of Ridley Scott's brain matter. Rather than take it's cues from James Cameron's Aliens this game instead focuses on bringing an experience closer to the first Alien of 1979. If you have any interest in survival horror, or just good sci-fi, I highly suggest you give this game a shot."
,Recommended,214490,35108951,Posted: 21 September,all,LegalEagle_117,Phenomenal in every way.
76561198345837528,Recommended,214490,32453182,Posted: 15 June,all,Z.Harris18,"Amazing game!!! My favorite Horror game. I love the Xenomorph Character and this game is a perfect video game adaptation. Great story, very scary, and extremely unpredictable Xenomorph AI. I HIGHLY recommend this game."
,Recommended,214490,33797944,Posted: 25 July,all,theOrange,"This is one of the best games I have played in a long time!  I play a lot of FPS'.  This is a tremendous value!  The developers have gone all out to make this a fun and lasting experience.  They have captured the essence of movie as well as new spins.  This game does almost everything right!  The way they have positioned the saves goes towards the suspense.  You can't just walk-save-walk-save, but it's not platformer style stupid with the saves either.  I think they have balanced it perfectly so you feel the sense of risk and when you see, h ear, sense the threats, the fear is there.This is a great freakin' game!  If they make any more like this, I will buy them all!!!!"
,Recommended,214490,33795662,Posted: 25 July,all,Occam Razor,"Pros:Works on Linux without troubleAuto-detected dvorak keyboard and reconfigured keysDoes a good job fitting in the Alien franchiseCons:Save points are a little far apart, making for a few tedious sequences"
,Recommended,214490,29554480,Posted: 28 January,all,Cave Johnson,This would be cool in the HTC Vive!
,Recommended,214490,29578002,Posted: 29 January,all,protonx7,"I had gotten this game plus the DLC for around 13 dollars during the winter sale but let me tell you this: if I had bought this for 60 I would have still felt I had my money's worth. The rubberband tension and suffocating atmosphere of the Sevastopol constantly had me taking inches and inches towards my objective, which to me is exactly what a horror game should do.Fans of the movie will find this game as a love letter to the original Alien, as the gorgeous environments, lighting, and even noises seem ripped straight from the source itself. If you plan to play this, do yourself a favor and watch the movie beforehand if you have not, it will make the game much more astonishing.The necromorph is the star of the show; it's AI is very different to most hide-and-seek horror games, apparently learning patterns and routines you take (though I was never dragged out of a locker so I don't know to what extent) and being very sporadic and random. Aside from a few staged encounters, I felt the Alien was handled very organically, albeit some frustrating moments when it jumps down from vents to search, jumps back up, then repeat a couple times. The alien is rigged very well, slinking along rooms while you watch it's tail drag on the ground from underneath a desk, making sudden 180's and sometimes breaking into full sprints without warning.A tad long as my playthrough on Hard took me 20 hours, but very worth the money you pay. 9/10, with a point deducted just for some missions that seem to drag just *slightly* too little. Everything else, however, is handled amazingly.*Note: the game is optimized BEAUTIFULLY. I consistently got 90-130 frames and never saw a stutter or rip in my display, and my setup is not even that new aside from a GTX1070. This is so so so crucial in a time when console ports are rushed that barely chug at 30 frames on PC.*Sequel when?"
76561197997437092,Recommended,214490,28310200,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Galhadrad,Tom Cruise Simulator [Current year]
76561198021272073,Recommended,214490,29576964,Posted: 29 January,all,demoman501,It's an unbelievably incredible GREAT game AND I'm not even finished with it yet.You will not  be sorry if you purchased this game however if you have a bad heart I recommend you avoid this game it's that terrifying
76561198073925738,Recommended,214490,27478640,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Villzzon,I really liked the gameplay. The storyline was also good. I would recommend
,Recommended,214490,16770727,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Remove Bees,"I cried like a ♥♥♥♥♥ playing this game because it was too spooky but I went through it and got gud at not getting spooked. This game is great and if you love horror games, Alien, or both, this is a must have.Also just between you and me I might have peed myself one or two times."
76561198198396970,Recommended,214490,35172269,Posted: 23 September,all,Muy Tranquilo,"The story isn't as good as soma but its longer, harder, and more nerve racking. Amazing game A+"
76561197988204300,Recommended,214490,35233773,Posted: 26 September,all,Delfino,This game is truely a masterpiece. It is scarry there is a lof of the movie's climate and it is fun. I don't have the courage to go through it again though.I would recommend playing on easy as dying too much breaks the immersion. Be warned that the DLCs are very short too.
,Recommended,214490,16852366,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Daedalus,"If you enjoyed Ridley Scott's original 1979 film, then this game will evoke the same tension and atmosphere. The graphics and AI create a genuinely stressfull survival horror. This is a terrifying game of hide and seek, and the developers have taken the trouble to make certain there are no safe spaces, you save your progress at designated 'emergency phones' and the alien can kill you at any time. Equally terrifying are the android sections."
,Recommended,214490,17149804,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Talleyrand,"If you are a fan of the Alien franchise and have been disappointed by some of the previous tie-ins, this game will rekindle your faith in the universe. This game made me feel like a kid (shame on my parents) again with the fear of the xenomorphs. This sets the stage for a new chapter that I hope to see in the future. I applaud the developers for NOT taking the easy road and cashing in on the franchise. These guys deserve this to be a huge success and as a fan of the series I thank them for doing it justice.If you are 1 or more of the following you NEED to buy this game:1. Alien fan2. Suspense fan3. Stealth (to the vein of the Thief series) fan4. Love immersion and atmosphere in your games"
,Recommended,214490,32762533,Posted: 25 June,all,(42o)⎛⎝Bear⎠⎞ ✅,"He blamed the aliensWhat I expected before release was much different than what was released, and that's not a bad thing. Alien: Isolation puts you in the shoes of Amanda Ripley, in search of the whereabouts of her mother.I'll leave it at that.I did not watch gameplay trailers, because I like to be surprised when it involves a legendary franchise, andsurprisedis 100% accurate. Amnesia was easily the best horror game of its time, more-so if you include custom maps; Alien: Isolation brings this to a whole different level. You have objectives, just like any other game on the market, but you have to watch your back constantly.The thought of having to check behind you every minute is very unsettlingand adds to the feel of the Alien universe. A thorough playthrough in the dark is exactly what I wanted once I got involved, and it was the best horrified experience that I have ever had. The story, AI, and script easily bake the cake. If you haven't already, get this game yourself and develop a whole new meaning of fear.Don't check the vents."
76561198053743328,Recommended,214490,20284153,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Vomit,"Great recreation of the original Alien film's style and setting! Buy this game right now if you enjoy games for the visual and audio design alone (especially if you're an Alien fan).Pros:-First half of the game is terrifying and well paced-Visuals are beautiful, inspired by the first Alien film. Game is OPTIMISED well which is rare nowadays-Audio design is probably the best of any game ever, sound is a vital part of the game's main mechanic so make sure you have good speakers of headphones, the thump of the xenomorph walking accross the floor is awesome and if you're good at listening you will be rewarded for you hearing skills, knowing where the alien is very important to your survival-Alien is no pushover, you can't ever kill it (which is great for a horror game)-Audio and archive logs are very interesting, they add in tonnes of detail to why the Nostromo and its civilians got to this situation-The game is lengthy (possibly even too long)Cons:-Story and main characters are kind of meh, more development was needed-Second half of the game is padded out with too much door opening (seriously you didnt have to have that much hacking mini games)-A little too much working joe and hostile human sections for my taste-Stealth mechanics can be dodgy at times, not often though-Not a tonne of replayabilityIf you are a fan of ALIEN(s) and/or horror and stealth games this is a must buy! One of the best games of 2014."
76561198034531711,Recommended,214490,34921792,Posted: 13 September,all,Lycan,"Literally one of the best games I have ever played. This game is just so well crafted, and oozing with a scary atmosphere, very entertaining! The devs really captured the flair of the ""Alien"" movies, I just love it! Graphics are superb, but I think this game really shines with the audiodesign, and the little things that make you feel like you really are the protagonist.Hoping for Alien Isolation 2!"
,Recommended,214490,34837923,Posted: 9 September,all,timdogs,Played this for an hour. absolutely hated it. then 3 months later i gave it another go and finished it. one of the scariest games i have ever played. isolation is definately how it makes you feel. 10/10 for me.
,Recommended,214490,15114770,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MaestroDRAVEN,"After seeing the yo-yo style reviews from a number of third party gaming websites, I decided to take the plunge into Alien: Isolation.  As one of the biggest Alien fans on the planet, i was concerned about whether the atmosphere, writing and overall experience would serve as even an adequate follow up to one of cinemas most renowned sci-fi gems.  Within the first 3 hours of gameplay, I had decided that Isolation not only met all my bare minimum expectations, but surpassed several of my higher ones.Isolation's gameplay is nearly 100% stealth-based in nature.  Run n' gunners need not apply, here, and I have a feeling it's this kind of gameplay that has divided the gaming community in such a manner.  Isolation has received tons of praise, but it has taken flack from those more accustomed to traditional FPS dynamics.  After last year's critically panned Aliens: Colonial Marines, the bulk of the responsibility was on SEGA to deliver another Alien title that made up for its shortcomings.  This is where the shift to stealth-based play mechanics became such a risk factor.  From my point of view, it pays off.Naturally, the game consists of avoiding the Xenomorph, which is a lethal killer that won't hesitate to slaughter you if you happen to cross into its field of......errrr.....vision, so to speak.  I spent the first 1.5 hours of the game trying to anticipate whether the game designers would put me in harm's way right from the start, or drag out the Xenomorph reveal whilst keeping me on my last nerve with the use of red herrings and typical scare tactics like bursting lights, strange noises and shadows.  Turns out, it was the latter, and all those normally typical scare tactics were there in healthy measure.  What surprised the hell out of me is just how effective they were!  I am not a guy who jumps at horror movies or thrillers.  EVER.  Yet I lost count of how many times my heartrate went up, or how many times I got startled and jerked in my seat.  When the big reveal finally happens, it cuts right into one of the most unnerving and nail-biting experiences of my gaming life, and made worse by the visceral, terrifying musical cues from the original Alien film.  In a word: Clever!It's not all dodging the Xenomorph, either.  Aboard the decommissioned Nostromo-clone Sevastopol Station, owned by Weyland-Yutani rival Seegson Corporation are traumatized humans who have fallen into rampant paranoia and will shoot anything unrecognizable on sight, as well as chilling plastic-skinned android workers who are not what they seem.  Sevastopol Station itself is lit predictably in low light, with dark corridors and light sources that cast ominous shadows, making each step forward a step that you don't necessarily want to take.  Scribbled graffiti permeates walls, defunct 7/11's and corporate offices, while 1970s inspired computers, lights and panels litter the station.  Art direction has been lifted directly from the original film, and for all sakes, they nailed it, while going beyond what was expected to put their own spin on what could have been just another Nostromo.  There's a clever peppering of uniqueness to Sevastopol that serves to create a whole new setting, while utilizing elements of the Nostromo's build design to maintain a constant injection of nostalgia into the bloodstream.  You'll find that same organic piping, heavily lit level ladders and creepy circular vent shafts everywhere you look.  And yes.....those creepy chains from the movie are in the game, as well.Isolation gives you practically nothing in the way of weapons (at first), and none are going to kill your Xenomorph stalker.  Even facing off against non-Xeno opponents proved to be difficult.  Going up against androids proved fruitless.  Swinging at them with a pipe wrench equivalent proved utterly useless.  They're faster, they have better reflexes, and they're much stronger.  Even several headshots with a pistol failed to put these guys down.  Thankfully, they aren't very bright, and if you can get around a corner and hide in a locker, you'll avoid being throttled mercilessly.  Lockers and storage bins can also be used to hide from the Xenomorph, but make one tiny sound, and it'll come for you.  Early in the game, I sat white-knuckled in a locker as the Xeno entered a cramped office in an attempt to find me.  As it left, I pulled out my motion tracker a little too early and it heard the beeps.  Before I could react, I heard a screech, then witnessed the door to the locker being ripped off, and suddenly I was staring face to face with a pair of inner jaws!   Humans are the easiest to deal with, but that's a relative term.  They have no line of sight limit.  They'll spot you clear across a room, and begin shooting.  You can only take 2 or 3 hits before you're out of the picture, and aiming is difficult in itself.  I chalked this up more to the character's inexperience with a weapon, rather than play mechanics.  It just felt like it should be that way.Speaking of characters, I was uncertain about the effectiveness of putting Amanda Ripley into the driver's seat, but I'm happy to report that the writing is so dynamic and well done that I now retract my previous thought.  I won't spoil anything, but Amanda's reason for going to Sevastopol is wholly understandable and identifiable.  She's also a lot like her mother, but the writers wisely chose to avoid Ripley's more assertive character traits in favor of a more desperate approach.  Amanda might be tough, but she's no Ellen Ripley, and her need to survive is based more on fear than determination.  I found this the best way to handle the character, especially one born from a single deleted scene from Aliens.  With nothing to go by, the writing team managed to craft a character that I believed in and wanted to help survive a nightmare of this magnitude.Visually, Isolation is splendid.  With all this texture detail and wonderful lighting, I was surprised to see a consistent 60+ FPS throughout the playtime.  The cutscenes seemed to render anywhere from 25-30 FPS, however, which I found odd.  Minor gripe that didn't affect gameplay to me.  Sound is the real star of the game, though, and you'll need to rely heavily on it if you're going to survive.  Footsteps and voices are things to keep your ears open for, as one cannot always rely on the motion tracker for positional awareness.  These are stealth mechanics at their most primal, and that's absolutely by design.  Only by utilizing your heightened senses can you hope to anticipate danger and avoid it.  Thankfully, Isolation's routine scares keep you in a constant state of heightened awareness.  You do feel like you're a part of this game.  Toss in some crafting mechanics to create items that serve as healing or distraction measures, and Isolation begins to show it's level of balance.  Most stealth-based games arm a player with a heavy assortment of deadly weapons for when things go pear-shaped.   Isolation doesn't care about you.  It really doesn't.  You're always at a disadvantage, and when things go south, your chances of survival plummet drastically.  Be prepared to die a lot in this game, but not because of cheap game mechanics.  Isolation will punish you, but like any good survivor, you'll adapt through perseverance.  The reward is one hell of a fright-ride, and an absolute stand-alone sequel to a groundbreaking, iconic film"
76561198116585298,Recommended,214490,35400559,Posted: 1 October,all,Don José,"This is by far the best Alien game ever, not that the AvP games aren't fun but the xenomorph had always been either cannon fodder or the player's avatar.Pros:+ Atmosphere nails that one from the first film.+ Smooth gameplay, I rarely encountered glitches but were minimal.+ Solid A.I.+ Crew Expendable mode is excellent.Cons/Nitpicking:+ The story is too short and the game has too much filler at times.+ Random encounters with the xenomorph can lead to frustrating situations.+ Door and computer minigames feel dull.+ Inconsistencies with the established lore (eg. if you watched Aliens Director's Cut, you know how this story is going to end).+ The ending is a cliffhanger (with this one not selling as SEGA wanted and CA doing Total Warhammer games, who knows when we are getting a much wanted sequel)."
76561198153587970,Recommended,214490,20078701,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mr.Sir,10/10My heart-attacks put me to sleep each night.
,Recommended,214490,13218102,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,shadowmoon2708,this game i like it graphic it's good and the gameplay i like it too.... this game already make me shock 4 time... overall i like it so much this alien insolation....
,Recommended,214490,18845455,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,VENDETTA,"Wow, what a trip! One of the best games I've ever played, and I play a lot. I read reviews saying that the game is too long and that the alien is frustrating. I played my first playthrough on hard difficulty and got exactly what I was expecting: great atmosphere, gorgeous graphics and the feeling that I really play another part of the Alien movies. Took me about 22 hours.To reviewers just wanting to write a quick review (IGN, Gamespot):  go grab some casual game instead, make a quick playthrough and do your job.Any serious gamer looking for some alien Sci-Fi fun, just grab it, this one is outstanding. Prepare for great moments of suspense and thrill.Also a great Linux-Port by Feral Interactive, thanks!9/10"
,Recommended,214490,17616053,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Underwhelmed,Never again will I be able to go into my basement with the lights out.
,Recommended,214490,18725577,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,fpl109,1. open game2. ignore survivor mode message3. start game4. hide in locker5. look on scanner6. gets scared by white dot moving7. closes game10/10 would play again
76561197977088756,Recommended,214490,35466012,Posted: 4 October,all,Jesper,Best Alien game to capture the true atmosphere of Alien. Not a run an gun. Shame it wasnt longer or play Alien 1 using this game engine
76561198051078427,Recommended,214490,34619250,Posted: 30 August,all,⛰️  🍖  🏭 ™,"I'm not a big fan of horror games, but this one stands out from the rest in the genre by far. The AI is great compared to most games, and unlike most horror games it never feels like there's a significant amount of down time where absolutley nothing happens. Something is always out to get you, and every scare feels unqiue and unscripted since it's usually the AI hunting you down.The few complaints that I did see were generally upset at the game's length. I would agree with them if it weren't for the fact that I never felt bored throughout my playthrough of the game. I only have two complaints about this game. One is that I have was that there are some bugs that still persist despite the fact that the game has been out for almost three years now. The other complaint is that I felt the ending was very anti-climatic and that it was a quick time event.Overall, I loved the game and I think most people would as well. The few complaints that I do have are heavily outweighed by the extremely enjoyable gameplay and innovative AI. 9/10 I strongly recommend this game to anyone who does not own it."
,Recommended,214490,34633220,Posted: 31 August,all,BratmanDu,"Very stealthy game, just the right amount of difficulty and scares. Wish there were more like this. Great story and amazing graphic. Very true to the 1st Alien film."
76561197979593267,Recommended,214490,29844805,Posted: 11 February,all,Angelus Mortis,"Took me a long time to get around to buying this game, but after playing it on a 21.9 3440x1440 monitor in the dark, i was not dissapointed, in fact its one of the best gaming experiences ive had in a long time. They have absolutley nailed the Alien universe perfectly. I even managed to max out the incredible graphics on a 970GTX with no framerate issues whatsoever. When i update my pc and finally jump onboard VR, i will definatly be revisting this game. A perfect example of why i love gaming."
,Recommended,214490,31534182,Posted: 3 May,all,Sigvatr,The beeping is becoming louder and louder with every step I take....I can hear it moving near me.
,Recommended,214490,29839221,Posted: 10 February,all,ReportBoted zzz,Nice story over all
76561198063570798,Recommended,214490,18472423,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,"Purchased a game + all of the DLC`s, played it like 1h or less, too scared to continue :D10/10 would buy horror game and never play it :)"
,Recommended,214490,12563890,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,BAZINGA!,"When the game started and I had control of my character, the first thing I noticed was how beautifully detailed the enviroment was. The surfaces on the map were so detailed where you can see greasy smudges on a reflectived surface of the floor. That's extra detail that makes the game look ever more realistic.As for the game, never have I felt both frustrated and satisfied by the game in a good way.  I love stealth games and the way you play the game, you have to take everything at a slow steady pace. Rushing in the game only gets you killed fast. It's a test of patience and courage when you're facing a tough situation. The AI for the alien is sometimes predictable and unpredictable. There was many situation where you have to stealtfully navigate around the area without being spotted by other humans or synthetics and that sometimes is a challenge on its own but add in the unpredictable nature of the Alien when it randomly pops in and out of the area will make situations tougher and make you rethink your strategies.A worthwhile game for those who love the Alien franchise as well as the Amnesia series."
,Recommended,214490,12572230,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,xpaladin,"Captures the first Alien movie quite well with stunning visuals, outstanding use of audio and AI, and (somewhat) unforgiving gameplay. Yes it's a ""long"" game and quite frankly this is a good thing, as you're given plenty of time to absorb the atmospherics and detail, all of which has a purpose. It feels like it could even give classic titles like System Shock a run for its money.Personally, I feel it could have been better still by making the AI even harder and taking a little of the linearity out of level design. Just the same, I feel the game was toned down to make it actually beatable -- so an ""impossible"" or ""directors cut"" edition would be interesting to see.Launch DLC not worth full price due to length of gameplay, but would definitely buy at a bargain as it captures the first Alien movie extremely well."
,Recommended,214490,12574028,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,biglemon29,"Pros-Now first of all this is a great game. The graphics are based of the original movie that came out in the late 70's. They have old 8 bit computers, Old style hyper sleep beds and much more. If you compare some scenes from the game and the movie there exactly alike. for example the stun baton is an exact replica from the movie. The last thing is the audio. If you have a good audio system with headphones this game will very realistic everything from the heavy breathing to the foot steps are realistic.Cons-In the game instead of manually saving you have to find save stations and which are placed through the game to save your progress. If you die you will respawn here. I think this makes the game more challenging because you can't just save whenever This is also a minus beacuse if you have to exit the game then you can't save and lose datay"
,Recommended,214490,12567092,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,GFoppy フォッピー,"Your enjoyment of Alien: Isolation will depend greatly on whether you are a fan of the original 1979 film by Ridley Scott, and also if you are tolerant of instant-death stealth mechanics.Be prepared to die a lot. The titular creature is an annoying, persistent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that cheats occasionally (you will understand what I mean when it happens to you). The opening hours are great, and the tension and fear generated by the Alien is genuine and palpable. But this soon devolves into tedium around the 10-hour mark, as the game feels unnecessarily long. You can expect to take 15-23 hours to complete it, depending on how fast you are and how many reloads you are forced to endure.But in terms of atmosphere and lore, Alien: Isoation nails it perfectly. This is the most respectful continuation of the 1979 film ever produced (better than James Cameron's 1986 sequel, which became too action-oriented). Any Alien fan should defnitely play this game. And yes, Sigourney Weaver herself does provide her voice in certain cameos and for the Crew Expendable DLC."
76561198043305198,Recommended,214490,12583553,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sneezing,"Where most ""survival horror"" games now seem to be shooters above all else, Alien Isolation does it right. One of its greatest strengths, and most other games seem to neglect, is the atmosphere that pervasive throughout the entirety of the playthrough. It really boils down to a lot of running and hiding; the game focuses on tension above action or jump scares. It's very intense and genuinely frightening, and I would strongly suggest the game. I find that I don't agree with most of the critic reviews as they don't do it justice; it's worth your time and the buy."
,Recommended,214490,13024923,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,MordacP,"Ive never been into survival horror games, i was intrigued by this one because of how faithfull is was to the source material. You'll recognize many props and set pieces from the film, which was a great film so i gave this game a shot.This game is not a shoot em up, as Alien was not an Rambo style action movie. However, it does have weapons and the alien is the only enemy that you cant really kill. In this way it allows for mulitple solutions to the same problem that you can solve according to how you like to play. Sometimes being bold and fighting is the way to go, other times you need to know when to run like hell.The game is divided into parts which are defined primarily by the enemies that you're dealing with, which i liked because after evading the alien for so long, i was ready to deal with some robots again, and after a couple hours of robots I was kinda happy to see the alien again... and so on, all divided up with perfect pacing.The plot is interesting and multi-faceted which gives this game a satisfying play time, it took me a week of diligent play to finish it. I kinda wish some of the charcters were developed more, particularly Samuels, but i suppose thats the natural result of Amanda Ripley being alone 95% of the time, you dont really get to know other characters very well.This game was worth my time and money, I recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,12433099,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,The Moody Welshman,"Survival horror, Xenomorph, so much potential.Does the game live up to what was expected? In my opinion, yes, however there are a couple of issues.1.) I don't know how it's been for everyone else but the lip syncing in the cinematics is like a badly dubbed French film.2.) The controls sometimes feel like driving a VERY poorly built car. You turn the wheel, a second later the car turns but it's too late because the duck crossing the road is dead. This is likely an issue on my end, some setting I need to change or possibly a driver needs updating.That aside I struggle to come up with any complaints. The atmosphere is excellent, the ship looks like it was taken straight out of the first film, the soundtrack is great, the Alien's initial appearance is fantastic, and it's incredibly immersive.One thing a lot of people have complained about is how hard the game is. I have to agree, I struggled to enjoy the spooky atmosphere and jump scares because I kept getting stuck. You go to try one way around a group of enemies, it doesn't work, you die and have to try again. So you try a different route but the enemy that killed you last time is taking a different path to the one he walked initially.I've actually been brought to doing something I hate doing, changing from Normal difficulty to Easy just so I can try to enjoy the game more. Which has payed off since I'm now actually making progress.7/10 - Control, cinematic and sometimes overwhelming difficulty aside this is (so far) one of the best survival games I've played."
,Recommended,214490,12560714,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Spectre,Well Ive played allot of alien games and I have to say this is the best one Ive played so far. Sure its not a run and gun game and thats because it requires careful thinking and stealth. Also the tention is very high as you try to sneak around as much as possible and learn the station and use it to your advantage. The sound is amazing and the atmosphere is too. The only thing that ever stopped me from playing were the intense moments that made me want a breather. Its a nice long game too so youll have plenty of play time if you like unlocking doors and terminals finding tags and upgrades. I was very skeptical of this game when it was announced but they did an amazing job with this one.
,Recommended,214490,12946414,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Major Scumbag #DaddysHome,"TL;DR - THIS IS A GOOD VIDEO GAYME BUY IT IF YOU WANT TO BE SPOOKED OUTTA YA PANTS KIDDOLegit ReviewGame plays like Survival horror, reminds me of Dead Space 1-2/Silent Hill but in first person especially the way the saves work. Stealth is pretty much your only option as combat will just get you killed faster. There is no multiplayer (THANK GOD) Because that would ruin the game, no Co-op so your dumb friends can't ruin the experience. For those who've been wronged by previous horse poo Alien games like AVP and Colonial Marines. This game is a refreshing new way to look at the franchise. Play it in the nude with the lights off for full pleasure and spook."
,Recommended,214490,12560706,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Dyfe Strax,8
,Recommended,214490,12576286,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,MarsShadow,"Alien: Isolation had a large amount of hype and mixed expectations prior to it's release. People didn't want another disaster akin to Colonial Marines and many were worried that Creative Assembly, a development team that makes strategy games such as the Shogun: Total War series, wouldn't be able to pull off a first person horror. However, I can galdly say that Alien: Isolation is the game that Alien fans deserved and is one of the best movie-licensed games I've played in a while, and I'll even go as far to say one of the most enjoyable horror games since the release of Outlast's Whistleblower DLC. It does have problems, some larger than other, but Alien fans and fans of the horror genre are sure to be in for a treat.The game's story sees you as Amanda Ripley, daughter of the film series's leading lady, who tags along with Weyland Yutani recovery team to retrieve the Nostromo's flight recorder in the hopes of finding closure with her mother. However, things go wrong and Amanda finds herself stranded alone on the slowly decaying station. She finds humans living in constant fear, many of whom are willing to shoot first and ask questions later. Along with a series of malfunctioning Weyland Yutani knockoff andriods known as Working Joes, which are lifeless killing machine when provoked, and of course the perfect organism, the Xenomorph, which hunts Ripley and the other survivors on the station one by one. Unstoppable and vicious. The Alien has the best AI in the game and it's downright terrifying and upredictable. It crawls in vents, lures you out of your hiding place, and is all in all relentless. Amanda must scavange for supplies and weapons if she wishes to stand a chance on the station where everyone is an enemy.The game's presentation and asthetic are a perfect recreation of the original movie. Sevestapol Station is filled with low-fi sci-fi technology. No Prometheus touch screens or anything like that, no, this technology is straight out of the 70s-80s like in the original 1979 horror flick, and it works immensly well. Nothing feels out of place.Alien: Isolation is focused on a mix of heavy stealth, crafting, and some action elements, which may turn some people off. Blending such games as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, Outlast, and Bioshock. It's uber difficult and you will die alot, however I can only say that for Hard Mode, as that is the difficulty I set it to in the beginning. Difficulty settings can also be changed anytime in game.The PC port is excellent and runs smooth as butter. I mantained a constant 60 fps throughout the entire game with everything cranked up to the highest it can go, and it's a real treat. The game is absolutely beautiful with fantastic lighting, very good texture quality, and great effects. It just looks awesome.However, there are some issues in the game which are really a personal preference. Some may be fine with it and some may despise it. There are no autosaves in game, and all saving is done through certain phone booths throughout the map which require three seconds of waiting before you are able to save, and you may very well be killed from behind by the Alien right before you're able to save. The save stations are very far apart and can lead to frustation with having to replay a good ten-twenty minutes of gameplay over and over again, but it does keep the tension in the game high as you know how big of an impact death will have. Personally, I wasn't too upset with it, I just would have prefered that the game were more generous with the position of the save points.There is also a section during the third act of the game, which I won't go into much detail due to spoilers, which seemed to screw up the pacing of the story somewhat. It's a section entirely devoted to evading and fighting the Working Joes. I just wasn't a fan of it but thankfully further along it picked back up for the explosive finale. (However, the ending's very abrupt and sequel baiting.)But overall, Alien: Isolation is a great game that is sure to give you hours of tension and horror, which if you're a fan of that type of game like me, is a great treat for the October season. I'm glad I picked it up and you should to."
76561198065602947,Recommended,214490,12578521,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,id.K.F.A,An Alien's game that does the movies justice and a horror masterpiece in itself.  Two games in one not including the great DLC.
76561198014607524,Recommended,214490,12590531,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Captain Ironsides,"""I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies."""
,Recommended,214490,16562003,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,pvt,Best space thriller since System Shock 2.
76561198057947451,Recommended,214490,16987757,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,megatux98,"For Anyone Who Is Looking For A True Alien Game That Matches The Same Tension And Atmosphere Of The 1979 Movie, You Are In For Treat.A Truly Great Experience, Although It Does Have A Couple Of Flaws (Some Deaths Feel Really Cheap). But That Doesn't Take Away It's Greatness.Also, The AI For The Alien Is Some Of The Best I Have Ever Seen. It's Unpredictable And Very Clever.And The Atmosphere Is So Good That It Pulls You In, And Doesn't Let Go.Truly One Of The Best Survival Horror Games I Have Ever Played."
76561197985983893,Recommended,214490,12631890,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Empath64,"Heartpumping, movie-like nightmare! Piece of videogameart. Buy! Over and out..."
76561198137738544,Recommended,214490,17094755,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Scrooge Mcduck,'They mostly come at night.... Mostly'-Newt 2122-
,Recommended,214490,16268636,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mazrogal,Really one of the best Alien game ive played out there this is how a alien game should be... Alone... no way of killing em only scaring them away before checking your scanner once again. only played it on Medium dunno if i ever manage to get the nerve to play on Hard or nightmare or survivor mode!... 9/10 really good Horror game.
76561198007157504,Recommended,214490,12972265,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Paladin,"Best Alien game ever made :)No Spoilers!I have been fan of the Alien films for ages. Even later films, where Alien wasn't as scary as at the first film, were so cool. Because of that I have been waiting for Alien game ever since. Unfortunatly first Alien games ended up beeing shooting games, like Doom or something like that, where you shoot everything that moves and in some cases everything that doesn't move. At some Alien games, tt was scary to shoot Aliens at first, but that feeling went down really fast. At some point Alien was like any other monster created nothing special, some thing to shoot at. There Alien  was not one of the most scariest thing ever made. That is biggest difference between old Alien game and in Alien Isolation; Alien is something to be scared, avoided and to be feared!From my view Alien Isolation is one of the most horrifying games ever made. That is the impression game left me with after the first play trough and even after playing the game second time. I really love this game, even thou there are some flaws. So how scary Alien Isolation is? I don't categorize myself as a scary type, alone in emty house, I could at first play the game about 1 h at maximum, since atmosphere was so horryfying and distressing. From my point of view I think Alien hasn't been so scary since Riddley Scotts first Alien film. There are many reasons for that. First what I like the best is that point isn't killing Alien. Point it is to avoid it, tt is to hide from it, and one dosn't ever know where Alien is lurking... Most scarying parts where some cases places where you could feel Alien being near, but not seeing it.At some reviews reviewer said that the game is too long and too hard. I strongly disagree with those. First the game could have been shorter that is true, since there was material for two smaller games. Using less material would have made maybe even better game. But what the game wasn't was too hard. I think reason for those reviews was that they were rush and if one rushed... it was sad end. If one just sneaked and tried to out smart Alien, you could do it. It was more about patience and sneaking. Ones again rushing gets one killed, literally! But then this is not supposed to be basic FPS game! if one wants a basic FPS game  this is not for you.If you are fan of Alien, love horror, play this game! Experience is amazing and horrifying :) I think this Alien games sets new standards for horror games. I strongly recomending this!"
76561197972498041,Recommended,214490,28535701,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SparkMaster,"Do not let the Colonial Marines game scare you like it did for me. This game has just passed by me for 2 years without getting noticed because of that game, but I love the movies so I decied to give it try!... Forget the title I first mentioned.. this is NOTHING like it, or anything else for that matter!If you like the movies, at least the first and the second one (I pretend the following 2 never happenedːsteamboredː), you will definitely LOVE this game! At least I did, have been thinking about it all day at work hahah. The story is soo well done, it's shockingly good I must say.. If they don't make a sequel to this im going insane!This is why I  mentioned the first 2 movies wich the storys relates to.."".. Mostly"" ːsteamhappyː The look and feel of those movies, they have thought of everthing! Never seen anything like this.It's a game is filled with cameos, easter eggs, lore/backstory, details etc and with the close relationsship it has to the movies, makes this game really stand out!I just finished last night @101h total playtime in my first playthrough! I was shocked when I saw that haha!..But then not suprised thinking of what i've done hehe..You can walk around, look at everthing, just take in that atmosphere they have created! This is a game where you can tell the creators have really put their hearts and souls in to making it!There's so much to see, hear and feel!Go explore Sevastopol (Will not dissapoint)Look at all the little details, there is not ONE thing in the world they haven't thinked about. Everything from coffe makers, little serialnumbers, torn magazine pages, little post-it notes on computer screens to enviroments filled with really nice looking lightning effects..(This is what consumed most of my time in my 101 hour playthrough!)Don't forget to look at your motion tracker aswell!Listen to the amazing sound image they have created, you can really hear exatly where a sound comes from, and there are alot of them! Add an epic soundtrack to that with music that responds to what's going on.. Simply stunning!Feel!..LookListenThinkSneakHideKillGet killed... when you least expect itFeel the fear, feel safe, feel hunted, feel pleasure, feel tension, feel ""Alien: Isolation""!...They have done such an awesome job on capturing ""Alien"" and all that is to it with that trademark, I was amazed from the first 5 min of the game all to the end, damn!Could go on forever on praising this!Easily one of the best single-player games I've played in a loong time!5/5 - You should buy"
,Recommended,214490,13149510,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,hazzadude,There are 3 things you will need in order to play Alien: Isolation1. Dark room2. Loud volume3. Spare change of underwear
76561197996604289,Recommended,214490,12649551,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Phoxic,"This is well worth your money, easily the best game in the Alien franchise.Took me 23h worth of gameplay on easy difficulty. I spent about 1h out of this (probably less) to determine the NPCs mechanics. What human NPCs do is some what random depending on where in the story you are. The alien comes and goes, stays within a fixed radius appearing as a blip on the motion tracker for the most part during specific sections of the game, sometimes it decides to come out into the open an play, this is fairly random or because someone made a loud noise.Good balance between ""scary"" parts, ""stressful"" parts and ""eerie"" parts. Would have like them to flow together in a way that you couldn't really tell when it changed over to another, such a flow would have added straight to the scary side of the game.Developers put alot of effort into details, that is a good thing wich the game genre is dependant on.Now, I know that the motion tracker is strongly connected to the franchise and people would be disappointed if it wasn't in the game, but you can avoid just about any danger by using it wich sort of makes it less scary since you can constantly ""have an eye on it"" what ever the danger is."
76561198055518562,Recommended,214490,12717164,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,SILENT,"I'm a major fan of the Aliens franchise ever since i was young, my mother told me that when i was 3 or 6 i can't remeber that i watched the entire movie of Aliens. Come back to now I truely appreciated the concept and story for the movies. AVP 2008 was a so so game but it definently better than Aliens Colonial Marines. It was a bomb shell of a game.But when Alien Isolation was first shown, i was excited. When I got the game I thrilled at the same time scared beyond comepare. The game is everything that the Movie deserved in a game.The game has a good story, being Ellen Ripely's daughter Amanda, who is looking for answers 20 years after the events of Alien.  The location couldn't of been better chossen on a Space station, which is a first for the franchise. Because if you think about it Alien was on the Nostomo a  Commericial cargo ship, which was a small ship with a small crew . For Isolation your on a much larger Station the Sevastopol with a sizable skeleton crew of  150+ people.The situation in the game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥in favor of the crew aboard the station, and you as you relise what you have on your hands. Hands down this game is scary, to many jump scares, either from the xeno or the random face hugger. In the begining alone my heart was pounding listening on everything i could to make sure the xeno didnt get the jump on me.Once the xenomorth became more frequent in its apperances I had to adapt quickly to them so I could continue the story. The other humans were a pain as much as the working joes either killing me to often, or getting me killed by the xeno. But after a while they would become just little pieces of the plan to survive. With the humans i could use them as bait so i could make it to a diffrent area.In regards to the rest of the story it was great, I cherished the times i wasn't being hunted by the xeno, and the flamethrower. You will learn that it is your ultimate tool for survival against xeno encounters, but the trade off of using it to repel the xeno is that it will come back more frequently making getting objectives done harder. I found everything perfect. The graphics are just gorgous its like being in a interactive Alien movie. Creative Assembly did a perfect job with this game.This game was well worth its price with its great story line, and it was long which to some is bad but to me it was perfect for me. So much to play and learn in the story. All in all this game should be nominated for game of the year the best game for this year."
,Recommended,214490,12690091,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Drazznoro,♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,214490,12731196,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Unbekannter,"I've postponed my writing of this review for quite a while so that I could fully explore and complete the game before I wrote about it.Alien: Isolation is certainly the best game in any Alien related franchise and it was really great to play, the aesthetics are true to Ridley Scott's Alien film and this really helped the atmosphere of the game follow suit in a way particularly remniscent of the first (which is often overlooked in Alien games for Aliens) the pace of the game felt right the entire way through and the suspense and dread were met in all the right places.One of the things I am particularly fond of with the game is that you partake in a similar journey to Ellen Ripley in the films, when you begin the game you are helpless and completely out of your depth, but you see Amanda transform through the game in much the same way Ellen did in the films, she battles through and gains new strength and determination as the game progresses and this is something I think can really be felt as you play through the game.The areas you are able to explore can also be revisited to find extra treats at later stages in the game which gives both nostalgic feelings to areas were you were perhaps a little more helpless with a new approach. There were also notable homages to the first film which made everything fit really nice with the overall experience for fans of the original film.I played through the game on the hard difficulty to get the most accurate experience possible in terms of survival and scarcity of equipment to survive, although at times I do think I had more resources than I think I should have I was also met with points of dread where I had little to keep myself alive which was really great.In terms of how the game performed I was pretty impressed and I spent almost the whole time feeling immersed in the setting, this was halted only at three points where I encountered some bugs. The first of these bugs was after I was set on fire and subsequently extinguished this fire - I remained visually still set on fire and this prevented me from progressing and I had to load from an earlier save to fix this. The second bug occured during the point in the game where Marlow explained the findings on LV-426, at this point I was able to see an artifact shadow through the ship that should not have been visible. The final bug I encountered was while I was outside in the space suit where although I should have had nothing in my hands the Molotov kept appearing in my hand at random as it was the last item I had equipped before entering the suit.Overall I really enjoyed the game and I think this is the only must have Alien game that has ever been on the market. Alien: Isolation really is a fun game to play (or cower while playing)."
76561198148303656,Recommended,214490,12737871,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,onion on sale,Makes saving points your best friend.10/10
76561197996262501,Recommended,214490,12715591,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Çreeper,Really Scarry do not play at night!!!! You hav3 Been Warned!
,Recommended,214490,12735334,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Narcotic_Malkavian,This game.......is probably the most frightening game I have ever played.....ever.There were times I actually had to take a break from it because it never lets up and keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the game.I have finally gotten to play an alien game that is truly horrifying.I wish I could forget that I played through it and play it all over again fresh.Some people complain that after you get the flamethrower it gets too easy but I played it on hard and beat it (check my achievements if you don't believe me)  and the flamethrower only makes it slightly easier the alien is smart and after awhile it will charge towards you doing damage to you as it runs away so you do not get off scott free or it will wait and then charge and sometimes still kill you.  Other times it will go up in the ceiling and then come out almost immdiately someplace else and go back to where you were trying to get behind you.  Flamethrower ammo is used up quite quickly even in short spurts but they always leave you a little bit lying around more so during the end part of the game.The pacing in this game is great IMO and the backtracking makes sense to me because at times it leaves areas open to you to explore with upgraded torches and such to access doors you otherwise could not enter. If you choose to keep going forward with the story then it does not punish you for doing so you usually miss out on nostromo recording and such but not critical for the game so you do not have to backtrack most of the time unless the main story requires it.The voice acting in this game is excellent except for Amanda Ripley at times(mostly in the beginning of the game) later on she gets much better.Those damn robots are nightmare fuel and are quite a challenge in their own right.The graphics in this game are fantastic and runs quite smoothly.The crafting system is fun and makes you ration your items and choose carefully on what you use and when you use it.To be on a ship the areas never get boring and all of them look different enough to not get monotanous (again this is my opinion)The hiding mechanic works well and keeps you scared enough that you never truly feel safe cause the alien will find you eventually.Tons of playtime for the price and very well made DLC so far ( I got the season pass when I preordered the game)My few complaints are I wish the alien would interact with the working joes It would be cool to see a xenomorph rip one in half or shove it's tail through its body and  that you can pick up the gun dropped by any humans you killed not when the game lets you have a gun.The Ai in this game is incredible and learns how you play so the game stays difficult throughout.Story 7/10Graphics 9/10Game mechanics 8/10Sound 9/10Replayability 6/10Atmosphere 9/10Total score  8 out of 10 Highly recommended!
,Recommended,214490,13747480,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sprod,"A must have for any fan of the Alien Franchise, the DLC's are okay but wait untill they're on sale"
,Recommended,214490,18719957,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Swagwise Gamgee,#2spooky
,Recommended,214490,14155543,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,m6ko,"Why I bought the game: Survival horror fan, fan of the series, fan of Giger.What I liked about the game: This game was exactly what I wanted it to be and after beating it on hard I completely agree it is game of the year, while at first being skeptical due to last games.It's truely a masterpiece Giger would be proud of, I took over 150 screen shots, a roller coaster of emotions, grasping for a breathe when you finally get to the next save point. You never feel safe. Alien Isolation defines the genre 'survival horror', you constantly feel submissive to death, every corner and noise could mean your impending doom.I never got the feeling the Alien was ""teleporting"" not sure if this was addressed by a patch or the experience was just different for me (i felt the need to defend this point because I was also worried about this feeling)The atmosphere was solid, I felt claustrophobic, it definitely felt like a space ship designed to use all of it's sqaure footage logisticaly. The graphics were fantastic, sometimes even dragging my system down, for a console port this is pretty cool.The controls were okay, I ended up playing with an xbox 360 controller as it felt more immersive, especially with the sensitive thumb sticks, being able to control your movement is crucuil.What I didn't like about the game: It crashed, ALOT - this I cannot stress enough as a computer guru I asure you at the tiome of this review this game NEEDS to be patched. It seems a sporatic issue right now involving a memory leak within the game structure (bad port dare i say?) It almost deterred me from finishing the game, as getting a driver crash throws me out of the immersion. The keyboard controls felt like a console port, this game should have went with a Crysis style inventory, would have worked out much better.  Also no cards, no badges =/Would I buy at current asking price of 49.99? I got it on sale for 25.99$ and I waited for a sale because I was hesitant, now I regret that and wish I had pre ordered it, I would have felt good about spending 50 bucks on this game, but do not expect to jump right into it being re-playable.**Disclaimer**I would like to state all changes made by the developers of the game after this review could potentially make this entire review irrelevant.The current date of review 1/24/15."
,Recommended,214490,15146753,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,DenverPlaysPC,"Alien Isolation has probably done the best job of recreating the original source material. Every inch of the ship has extreme detail! Throughout the whole game there is a constant threat. Whether it’s the Joe’s, Survivors, or the notorious Xenomorph. Throughout the whole game you are constantly fetching items for people, fixing things, or flipping switches. I know it sounds rather boring, and in some few cases it can be a little bit, but doing these tasks you are constantly having to run, crouch, and hide from the dangerous inhabitance of the ship. Key ways you survive are from hiding under desks, in lockers, and in cabinets. You do experience a few glitches here and there but nothing game breaking, mainly just stuttery movements from the Xenomorph. I am glad to say that the A.I for the most part is excellent. Enemy’s always have you on your toes. I am also glad to share that the PC port is excellent, I never experienced any crashing or anything like that. Overall Alien Isolation is a great survival horror game that I would certainly recommend to any Alien or Horror fan. My favorite game of 2014!"
,Recommended,214490,15429264,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,u r next,"I first started playing, I had to restart 2 times the initial level, because I open the doors in a different order! They locked if im not activate trigger at right time, and i cant reactivate trigger, just restart level.Can u fix it plz!i like that world, but trigger mechanic is broken, all game every second load - critical error, no optimisations, always window is changed(window auto on/off)"
76561197965799895,Recommended,214490,17078950,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,BOOGNISH,Best of the genre.  Even better in VR.
,Recommended,214490,30474316,Posted: 12 March,all,Lep,"A fun stealth based scifi horror game. Being hunted by the Alien is neat, his AI is smart so he learns from what you've used on him before. It forces you to utilize different methods of avoiding him throughout the game, keeping things a little fresh as you move about the station. It's a great game if you love the Alien franchise, there was a lot of care put in to making it stay true to the films, including voice acting from some of the real actors."
,Recommended,214490,12576199,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Shephard,"First game based on the classic Alien games that truely captures the atmosphere and terror of the Xenomorph. If you're a fan of the movies, or you just want your pants scared off, try this ♥♥♥♥in' game!"
,Recommended,214490,12404287,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Haru,"It's a fantastic game, there are a few clipping issues, the Human AI is a bit odd, and there isn't much lip-sync outside of the cutscenes, but the atmosphere is great and the graphics are beautiful. One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,214490,12588476,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,[H.Y.M] Wolves,"Amazing, beautiful aliens!10 out of 10. Best horror this year!!!"
76561197982416707,Recommended,214490,12713979,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,oh-too,"Having played through on medium difficulty, I can say that, while it is not a perfect game, it is a very, very good one. There have been reviews that either love or hate ALIEN: Isolation with little between. That in and of itself tells me there is something very different about it.After the dissapointment of ALIEN Colonial Marines, which should have been and extintion level event for the franchise, this game is a blessing.  Owing to the fact this is a story driven game, some of the mechanics are akward, but intentional to drive you forward in the game. As an example, I rendered a human character with a pistol unconscious. I was able to pick up the ammo for the weapon, but not the weapon itself. (I gained a weapon moments later)Then there is the Creature itself (deserving of a capital ""C""). I was impressed with the AI as it hunted me across the game.  I usd a flare to draw its attention to sneak pasted it a couple of times, but when it came time for a third try at this tactic... it was on to me. When I finally got the flame thrower and drove off an attack, I also knew it where I was and very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about it.It took me 28.7 hours to complete the game and towards the end, it felt long, but very much worth it. I gave it a few days and tried some of the DLC content; ""Crew Expendable"" was a bit rough and had the feel of being a proof of concept project. It was also more frightening than that entire main game. I would have love to fight it out on the Nostromo alone...Recommending this game is the hard part. Understand this is not Call of Duty. You can't just apply more firepower and get though the mission.  You can't blast away and run through. If the Creature see's you.... game over. Stealth and thinking ahead is mandatory. I spent the better part of the game, hiding under a desk, examininng the map to plot out my next move towards the objective...and have it go balls up anyways.I'm going to sum it up; Sometimes frustrating but compelling. So I'm hitting Recommend.Thanks for reading"
76561197971833120,Recommended,214490,31421652,Posted: 28 April,all,Davdekhen,"This has got to be the best game I have ever played. I thoroughly enjoyed the storyline, the tension and survival aspect of this game. I highly recommend this to fans of the Alien franchise"
,Recommended,214490,20141092,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ToastieR,Fantastic look and feel to the game.  Truely a creepy and well done game that in fact feels like an Alien movie.  Grinds your nerves so much you will have to take breaks from it.
76561198030665293,Recommended,214490,29754803,Posted: 6 February,all,Scuzzlebutt,"Good game with a tense atmosphere, but I wouldn't call it scary (at least it wasn't for me). Also be aware that this is by no means an action game. Also, because of the nature of the game, you will have to crawl (at a snail's pace) your way back to places you have done before, because you got killed by the alien while you were reading something on one of the many computers, for example. It can become aggravating because, even though there is a fair amount of save points, going places generally involves nothing but crawling which is, again, very slow.However it's worth playing if you enjoy stealth games or the Alien franchise. If you can get the GOTY edition for under 15$ it's quite a bargain, too.I should probably mention that I played on the hardest setting, so some of the things I mentionned might not be an issue for everyone."
,Recommended,214490,22512799,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,RTC,Thrilling!
76561197971001579,Recommended,214490,31256162,Posted: 20 April,all,R. Frie,Amazing atmosphere.
,Recommended,214490,13367891,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sevatarion,Learn to live in lockers or learn to love having your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lived in!
76561197960686181,Recommended,214490,15086964,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Adam,"This game is a great atmospheric horror. Gets my heart pounding quite a bit. Graphics are great. But I have to say, it gets old extremely quickly. The entire game is you being chased by 1 alien. Some parts you have to go quite far before you hit another save, and he kills you over and over and over forcing you to replay some parts way too many times. Kind of sickening actually. Makes me want to just uninstall it. Some parts the alien will walk by you in a room like 4 times before he screws off and walks somewhere else, allowing you to continue.It's actually to the point when I put the difficult to novice so I'd stop being harassed so I could enjoy the storyline without replaying each part 18 times. I am by no means new to first person shooters or horror survival games. Once you get to the point that you're sick of the alien, it's hard to get back into wanting to play it. You just get tasks on the other end of the ship, go here, grab this, avoid the alien the entire time, come back. Same thing every time.I can't figure out why you have a health meter. If the alien catches you, it's insta death, and if you get shot, you also die.The save stations take about 5 seconds before they allow you to save, so if you just ran a part that took you 20 minutes and you just reached the save and the alien saw you. Yup, you're screwed, you'll have to do it all again.There are also all these blueprints to items that have almost zero uses for you. Stun rod? Molotov? Pipe bomb? Smoke screen??? They aren't going to stop that alien from harassing you. You might throw a pipe bomb at some humans when you see them which is rare. There is a crazy over abundance of parts you can't pick up because you can only make so many items and you never use them.I'll recommend it for it's heart pounding atmosphere. But I don't recommend it for how aggrivating and repetitive that retard alien is. For some reason the only alien on this ship has a hard on for you."
76561198022182244,Recommended,214490,15083473,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Rogred,"Amazing game so far! Just what the ""Alien"" fans have been waiting for! 10/10 Ripleys*UPDATE* Just finished the game, I have to say,this game is a REALLY awesome game, the best recent Alien game out there!Asombroso juego hasta ahora! Esto es lo que los ""Alien"" fanaticos han esperado! 10/10 Ripleys (Perdon por mi gramatica, estoy usando todo [Keyboard] al Ingles.)*ACTUALIZACION* Acabo de terminar el juego, tengo que decir, este juego es BIEN asombroso! El mejor juego reciente de ""Alien""!"
76561197990480638,Recommended,214490,15084024,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,mapwales,"strated playing this last night and well its got the alien atmosphere and suspence it's so good I've just bought a season pass so got all DLC's it going to be a long game and by the end I'll be a nervous wreak. better than watching a film, by being a charector in one  get this one you wont regret it."
76561197970387582,Recommended,214490,15082646,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ReHaB | Nazarine,"IntroductionGenerally speaking I have been disappointed with Alien franchise games - The odd notable exception aside (AvP 2) they have all been basically Doom with different guns and monsters - fun but not exactly stress inducing.Although I love the film Aliens, Alien is one of my all time favourite movies and I had not considered it a possible subject for  a good game. Thankfully A:I has changed all that.GameplayLike the movie it is not about going in all guns blazing, you don't get much in the way of guns and shooting them is typically the equivalent of ringing the dinner bell anyway (I've played through several times now and not killed anything with a gun).  No - this game is all about stealth. You have to spend pretty much the entire game on your knees crawling about in the dark becauserunning = noise = alien hears you = alien eats youshooting = noise = alien hears you =  alien eats youwalking = high visibility = alien sees you = alien eats youtorch = high visibility = aliens sees you = alien eats you.You spend a lot of time hiding in cupboards because you can hear the alien walking about (or worse see it through the slits in the cupboard) and you are too scared to come out. There was many a time I had to leave the game on pause while i went downstairs to watch something funny just to get my nerves back.Artificial IntelligenceThe alien is random in it's movements - you can save a game - hide in the corner of a room, the alien will come in and 4 out of 5 times it will not look in your direction - but on that 5th time - just when you thought it was following a set pattern it happens to glance to the right and see you. The later in the game the better the AI appears to be so the alien starts to be hovering around you - investigating the doors you recently opened and having a stroll right next to the cupboard you are too scared to get out of.GraphicsAlthough the facial animations and models are good they are not exactly awe inspiring and are starting to look a bit old.The alien itself is well realised and the way it walks about is very good.The shop design is excellent - very nostalgic - lots of nice touches from the movie like that all monitor screens appear to be VHS tapes with bad trackingAudioTruly awesome - memories of the movie flood back at regular intervals when you hear certain sound effects and musical cues.PlotNot bad - but not that original - feels a bit like System Shock 2 in parts, lots of reading of dead peoples emails to reveal the reason behind the ""accident"" on the stationDurationThe game itself is very long (20 - 30 hrs) - and while this is refreshing in the modern day where a long game is deemed 5  hours i did feel it stretched some sections out a fraction too long.Recommend trying to play it on hard difficulty as this gives you the proper sense of fearSummaryGraphics  8/10Audio 10/10Gameplay 9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12563420,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,RΛZΞRBEAR64,"This game is freaking awesome man ! unlike the aliens colonial marines is so bored i play like hour then remove it straight away from my steam library ♥♥♥♥ing wasted my $50 on that , among those horror games i played not be much but alien isolation is best not only the story and graphic especially the surrounding sound is like you really in the game. Luckily i don own a OCULUS xD . This game deserve higher rating. 9.8/10"
,Recommended,214490,12415654,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Infested Dakka,"Its pretty much all the fear and terror of the 1979 science-fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scot, Alien.This is the scariest game of 2014.  You get a number of weapons but its still scary. Well done game.Highly, HIGHLY recommend you pick this up even if you arent a fan of the Alien series."
,Recommended,214490,13506615,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mikey,"punched to death by a mannequin, eaten alive inside a clothes locker9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12409566,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Polis Ranger,Great game!!!!
76561198021086482,Recommended,214490,12743645,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ExissM,"It really has been too long since the big publisher, big money, big marketing side of the game's industry took a chance on a survival horror game, and we're fortunate that it did because Alien: Isolation is one of the most refreshing takes on the genre that I've played in years.Unlike more ""Action-Horror"" titles like Dead Space or the modern Resident Evils, Isolation deprives the player of weapons in most situations, encouraging environmental awareness and craftable gadgets to distract, outmaneuver, and hide from enemies for quick escapes. That's not to say that you are forbidden from killing enemies, but that the game's design strongly supports a passive approach to challenges most of the time. This decision by the developer to focus on the most vulnerable aspects of the ""Survival"" half of the genre will not appeal to every gamer, even fans of Survival Horror, but I found it to be wonderfully engaging.Immersion is the key word here, as Isolation oozes with attention to detail, most evidently in its art direction and sound design. The environments on Sevastapol Station pay loving homage to the clunky, early-80's vision of the future the original 1979 Alien film introduced, a world in which something resembling DOS is the universal computer operating system, spaceships and alien planets are downright gothic in design, and megacorporations control everything. Gas leaks hiss distressingly, gritty vents open and shut with sandy grinds, and somewhere out of sight the echoing thud of a xenomorph dropping from a ceiling hatch pulls loose the breath you didn't realize you were holding.The Xenomorph is the star attraction of the game, upon whom so much depends and revolves around. Credit must be given to the developer for its A.I. design here, as it's as charming an illusion of a ""thinking program"" as it is a horrific enemy. The alien has been realized in wonderful detail, perhaps the greatest treatment it has ever received in a game, and it commands a unique presence throughout the experience. Sometimes unintentional ally against other threats, but almost always a constantly lurking danger, the Xeno behaves about as well as I could have hoped for having as little scripting as it does. It stalks you through halls and vents alike, pauses to listen, investigates noises, and assuming you play on Hard difficulty, rarely seems a fool.Some critics and players will cry foul at the Alien's powers of perception, but in my experiences with the game I've yet to see it break character or detect me without a clear mistake on my part. Within gameplay, and in the the overall pacing of the main campaign mode, the Xeno often takes its time to appear and doesn't overstay its welcome. That being said, the campaign is quite lengthy and doesn't involve constant encounters with its main antagonist, which will be a sore spot for players who aren't drawn into core gameplay of stealth, crafting, and striking only when necessary or you have plenty of time to escape an area. For myself, though, I haven't found the main campaign to be overly drawn out as some critics have, but rather pleasantly meaty on content.The developer doesn't shy away from tasking the player with learning their level environments, or spacing out the save points either. I enjoy both of these decisions and the quality of their executions in the game, but I also understand how they will frustrate players who dislike needing to explore and find their own paths while constantly juggling the challenge of evading a persistent and fairly radiant A.I. that's hunting them all the while. This is a fairly difficult game, especially if played on the recommended ""Hard"" difficulty where the A.I. is unshackled from most of its scripts. Personally, I can't imagine not playing the game at this level as anything less will transform the Xenomorph into a considerably less intimidating dunce that will merrily run past you and hop in and out of a nearby vent as if preoccupied with chasing its own tail, with no time to spare for murdering you.Different strokes for different folks.The optional DLCs for the movie tie-in levels (based on the original 1979 film) and the game's ""Survivor Mode"" are also fun, if much shorter and more focused on the constant tension of close encounters with the Alien and other enemies. These levels can be a refreshing break from the long campaign, where you can jump out of the patient suspense and atmosphere the former continually generates, and drop into the heart of the game's fun factor: Cat and Mouse with the monster.Alien: Isolation is a great game that takes the unexpected and refreshing route of embedding itself happily in a niche corner of the Survival Horror genre. In some ways this stubborn adherance to a genre I'd long thought the big money, big publisher game industry had dismissed as a money sink makes it a fascinating hybrid between an almost indie game design given a AAA treatment. It's a surprising investment from Sega, and while the game's structure isn't always perfect, or for everybody, I have to admire the purity of its take on Survival Horror.8.5/10"
76561197970566982,Recommended,214490,13725896,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mogs,"Overall, nails it."
,Recommended,214490,16403225,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Consider Sudoku,Best fps horror atmosphere since DOOM 3.
76561197965802608,Recommended,214490,16401872,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,pixelated,"This is a flawed game, let me state that up front.In light of that, the fact that it is still incredible speaks to how astoundingly well it accomplished what it set out to do. This is perhaps the most tense and terrifying game I have ever played in my life. If you enjoyed the original Alien film, and also having the wits scared out of you by survival horror games played at night in the dark with a quality set of headphones at high volume, you will not be disappointed in the slightest.The fact that this game is also on sale for 12.49 USD right now is really a steal for such a high quality experience. You won't see it again for such a great price for a while, I imagine.Let me get the few cons out of the way first.The animation on some of the humanoids, particularly the faces, is not very believable at times and a lot of the characters are difficult to get attached to due to a lack of character development and sense of humanity. I think some improvements in this regard could have improved the experience. This is not true for them all, but a majority of the time I found myself not caring as much as I wanted to about their well being. Some of the human AI behavior is downright comical, particularly in comparison to the Alien.The crafting system is a good idea but a bit clunky. I honestly recommend playing this game on Nightmare difficulty because even on Hard you will have a ton of crafting materials thrown at you. I had a difficult time keeping myself stocked enough to deal with every situation on Nightmare though. That heightened the terror for me knowing I might not be able to build another noisemaker for a while as I chucked it desperately across a room in order to escape a bad situation. So my advice, play on Nightmare if you want the true horror experience.The infamous save stations. I see what they were trying to do, to build tension while you save not knowing if you will be safe in the process. But in the end it just becomes repetitive, immersion breaking and tedious. I think I would have preferred an unintrusive standard autosave system, perhaps without any manual saving to preserve the sense of peril in getting through an objective. Some people really don't like this feature but I only found it a minor annoyance.The pacing at times felt a bit off and while I actually enjoyed the game's extensive length, some people feel it is too drawn out. I don't agree but I can see where they are coming from.The various computer terminals around the station as well as the recordings are a little bit of a cop out in terms of exposition but the voice acting is quality enough that it's not THAT bad. A bit too much of the story is told through walls of text that are hard to read given that you are constantly trying not to die.Now for the good, essentially everything else!The atmosphere is extremely well executed. It is very faithful to that of the 1979 Alien film, so if you were a fan of that you will really enjoy this aspect. From sound design to lighting and the situations that you are put into, the atmosphere succeeds at terrifying you as much if not more than the Alien itself. This is a sign of masterful horror, and is part of what makes the first film so effective. You rarely see the creature but it still feels omnipresent. Truly well done on all fronts.The way you use your equipment against the Alien is handled pretty well. In the words of Ash when asked how they can kill it, ""You can't."" The best you can do is temporarily fend it off in a number of ways and then hope your plan of escape works out. Again I emphasize playing on Nightmare as the rarity of your equipment will heighten this effect immensely. The glitchy motion tracker you get on Nightmare also adds an element of uncertainty.Finally there's the titular creature. The Alien. The AI, animation, sound design, visual artistry and sheer terror this virtual creature invokes is all absolutely incredible. The feeling of being hunted is palpable and if you play by yourself in the dark with the sound cranked up, you will get a truly visceral experience. You will likely be physically uncomfortable as you listen to its heavy footfalls over metal gratings from inside the questionable safety of a locker or an air vent. There is essentially no situation where you are 100% safe and if you don't find a way to keep moving, eventual death at the hands of the creature is basically inevitable.I would say the two main reasons this game is worth the money are the atmosphere and the Alien itself. If you are a fan of terrifying and tense experiences such as Dead Space, Amnesia, Slenderman and its spiritual imitators, or even Doom 3, this game will knock your socks off. Or soil your undergarments. Either way you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,214490,23956319,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Baldemoto,"If this game was a spoon, it would be a good spoon."
,Recommended,214490,25090211,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SurrealSaxhleel,"Amazing game, easily one of the best horrors games I've ever played. If you enjoy the Alien films and looking for a new experience and take on the franchise, I can't reccomend this enough.Pros:• Game's optimization is fantastic, and the system requirments are super low even though the graphics look phenomenal. I played the game on my rig containing a HD 7750 and a Quad Core i5-6400, and it ran at a solid 60FPS the entire time with no drops in framerate.• The atmosphere is very well established, and super reminiscint of the classic Alien films. Every corner of the Sevastopol Space Station holds both secrets and horror to behold no matter where you go.• The story, featuring Amanda Ripley, daughter of Alien series protagonist Ellen Ripley, is chilling, badass, and works perfectly as a piece of Alien series lore.Follow Amanda as she explores the Sevastopol Space Station, searching for clues on the disappearance of her mother's spaceship and her whereabouts, while evading the danger caused by a Xenomorph terrorizing the station's remaining inhabitants.• The gameplay is solid, causing the player to rely on stealth and avoiding combat regularly instead of fighting every battle, which I feel is an awesome change in the style that Alien games are played. Enemy A.I. is completely unscripted, allowing enemies to take unique routes and ensure no two playthroughs are exactly the same. Be warned though, certain tricks only work on the Xenomorph before it learns to wise up...• A wide variety of tools are available for use to avoid situations of any kind, be it the unkillable Xeno, deranged engineers, or killer robots. Add this onto the awesome map design and overall, the experience created by Alien: Isolation is unique and definitely proves itself as an awesome game.Cons:• The game doesn't explain some of it's features very well in the tutorials, especially regardinhg the rewire system and terminal use, but with a little know-how and initiative, maybe some internet help, you'll figure it out.• The crafting system was practical and easy to use, but I couldn't help but feel it felt a little bleak.• I felt it went on for a little too long and maybe if it was a little shorter, I could've appreciated it more."
76561198075302696,Recommended,214490,12411403,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,DaPyro438,"Non of the past Alien's game really stuck to the original film. This one does. This is a great horror survival game that sticks to the original Alien Movie, from the senery to the horror. The best Alien game yet!"
,Recommended,214490,25103429,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Orca of Mordor,"You can hide, but you can't run.Against a perfect organism whose structure is matched only by its hostility, your only weapon is stealth.And even that often won't be enough.Because that urge to panic will always be there, that beep of your motion tracker, the sound of hungry slobber spilling out from the vents, the dead impaled through their chests will only cause you to panic.And don't think that death will be a mercy.Because it is slow and painful as that thing wriggles inside your stomach, eventually bursting out.And if getting shot in the stomach is one of the most painful ways to die... imagine this.This is more than just a game. It's an experience. The atmosphere is perhaps the best I've seen.Immersion is a vital part of horror, and this game takes it to the next level.Not so much a shooter as it is a test of your wits and will to live. Shooting generally gets you killed.So grab your flamethrower.Strap on your motion tracker.And locate the next phone booth.Because this game is well worth your time.10/10 would get impaled, shot, eviscerated, suffocated, burned alive, blow myself up with a pipe bomb, run over by a transit car, strangled by an android, float into space, and be a part of the Xenomorph's reproductive process again.Ripley Junior, signing off."
,Recommended,214490,13087040,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dr. Clocknik,"Using Ridley Scott's original sci-fi/thriller masterpiece as inspiration,Alien: Isolationsucceeds in two very important ways. Firstly, does it lift the recent ""curse"" that surrounds most games involving H.R. Giger's horror creation? And secondly, is it possible to make such a well-known creature terrifying again? Thankfully, the answer to both questions is a resounding yes.From the moment the player steps into Amanda Ripley's shoes they are greeted enthusiastically by 1970's sci-fi, lovingly crafted in the image of the future portrayed inAlien. The sights and sounds of the world that Creative Assembly has created are delightful, echoing a time of CRT-monitors and magnetic tape. So many visual and audio cues are brought straight from the film that it is sure to bring a smile to anyAlienfan's face. This smile will then be swiftly replaced by a creeping sense of dread once the player enters the game's main backdrop: the decommissioned space stationSevastapol. Like the film it draws from,Alien: Isolationtakes its time setting the mood, building up suspense and unease as the player works their way deeper into the game. If you are looking for something fast-paced, perhaps akin to James Cameron's action-packedAliens, you might want to look elsewhere (or wait for a sale), as this game is very much about slow pacing and building suspense. For those whodoenjoy their horror on the suspense/thriller-side (as most fans ofAlientypically do) then they are in for a delight.As for the titular creature itself, mostly anyone who is remotely interested in science fiction has a fairly good idea what the alien looks like. Overexposure can be the kiss of death for a monster that crept in the shadows, terrifying audiences because all they ever received was a fleeting glimpse of it. Rest assured, though, Giger's child manages to become a horror icon once again thanks to Creative Assembly's obvious love for the source material. To be fair, there are several points where the player might get a littletooused to having the alien around. Thankfully, these moments are decently spaced out and I can personally vouch that there were many moments throughout my 30-hour playthrough where I was startled to the point of gasping or made anxious about proceeding, fearful of the beast lying in wait in the darkness. There were also several fairly intense moments, the likes of which I haven't experienced in a game for quite some time, which were more than a welcome addition to the experience.As for the technical aspects of theAlien: Isolation, the game ran smoothly on my machine (for specs, check my profile) and looked fantastic. And as good as looked, it sounded even better. The audio has definitely been as carefully crafted as the visuals and every sound only served to envelope me deeper intoSevastapol(and several uses of Jerry Goldsmith's original score fromAliendidn't hurt either). Ididhit some bugs here and there but none that were game-breaking or couldn't be solved with some quick tweaking. I suppose it should also be noted that I never experienced a crash or fatal error during my playthrough.So if you're looking for an excellent horror/thriller/suspense game or if you're a fan ofAlienlooking to go toe-to-toe with the creature from LV-426 then I highly recommendAlien: Isolation. Just remember that in space no one can hear you scream."
76561197969808931,Recommended,214490,12870314,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Xeogred,"System Shock 3?Fantastic game. Was a lot more than what I expected, gameplay and mechanics wise. Expect more than just hide and seek with an alien. Instead it's a fantastic engrossing sci-fi adventure. Devs really did their homework keeping the aethetics of the original film entirely intact, the music was reminscent of those times as well. The sound design is nuts. It may as well straight up be the best experience I've had with Alien since the original movie (I don't mind Aliens, but the tone here and a few consistencies are definitey more true to the original film). The standard for handling this IP correctly and delivering quality has finally been set after all the garbage that's spewed out for years and I can only hope we continue to further see a stronger separation of Alien from Predator, I like both, but it's just fanfic hilarity when they're combined. You want some sci-fi brilliance in the vein of the original Alien movie, this is it."
,Recommended,214490,15079694,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mettil,"Overall decent and very long story mode hampered by poor pacing.  The game took me around 10 hours to finish on Hard.  The alien does not appear until a couple hours into the story and there are later portions where the alien also does not appear.  It made me wish there was more of the alien because those are the most enjoyable and tense parts of the game.Crafting is pretty decent.  You find junk in the game world and create make shift bombs, medkits, or distractions to force the alien to flee for a moment or lure it away so you can safely navigate an area.  The alien cannot be killed only avoided.  The alien seems to learn from your tricks.  For example, using a single distraction device too much will reduce its effectiveness.  There are human and android enemies as well where sneaking past is also the name of the game.  A couple portions of the game seem to encourage fighting the androids instead, however, which was easy to do considering all the pipebombs and taser batteries I was hoarding.  While you do get a couple firearms in the game, using them almost always attracts the alien (unless it's a portion of the story where the alien seems to be completely absent).  Firearms are also not very effective against the androids which is frustrating when the game forces you to fight them, though you really shouldn't have ammo or gadget shortages.The level design is really good, though there is some backtracking toward the end of the game.  Everything has that 1970s sci-fi future look to it very reminiscent of the first Alien movie.  The alien AI is pretty good too but will sometimes behave oddly.  For example, a flamethrower can be used to force the alien to temporarily flee, buying you valuable time to move around or complete tasks.  If you use it while the alien is in a certain proximity to you, it will almost always charge you, knock you down, and take off some of your health.There's a time trial mode that you only get one level for.  The rest of the levels are DLC.  You have to balance getting a high score with getting to safety as quickly as possible.  In order to compete on the boards, you have to focus on one or the other.  It's very disappointing the other levels are behind a pay wall.  Don't expect any longevity here.Wait for a sale if you want a decent scary game you're going to play once and forget about."
,Recommended,214490,23780217,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,No$kill_Bravo,"The atmosphere in this game is incredible. In addition to the alien scaring the crap out of you, the old yet futuristic analog surroundings make for a creepy and immersive experience. Everyone should take the time to play this. Even if you weren't a fan of the movies."
,Recommended,214490,23766450,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Hexyl,"I wasn't really a fan of the Alien franchise prior to playing this game, but I absolutely am now. This game is just so good! If you are interested in a highly-atmospheric survival horror game, you should definitely check it out."
76561197972303025,Recommended,214490,23996721,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Scythe,"How to playUse a headsetLeave gamma at defaultTurn the music lowCrank the volumePlay in pitch blacknessStart a New Game on Nightmare, and see if you got what it takes to call yourself a TRUE survivor.That means, no map, no given directions, and a very flickering motion detector.But remember: Running causes accidentsgood luck, you'll need it"
76561197971111179,Recommended,214490,24115278,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[LB]Cali,"Oh boy, if you want to hide in a locker for 20 minutes straight, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants the whole time, while a blood thirsty alien scours the area for you.  then this is the game for you.  If you're looking for an experience where when you finally get the courage to leave the locker, you hear a small indiscriminate sound and you jolt immediately back into the locker, then look no further!  If you like the fealing of being terrified to use a computer because you want to be able to get the hell out of dodge incase a 9 foot shiney xenomorph drops from an air vent, wanting to play skewer the human with its tail.  Then Buy this game right now!  While on the topic of air vents, watch which ones you walk under.  That sadisitc angry ♥♥♥♥er has a tendancy to pull you up into them..In all seriousness, if you enjoy the alien movies, then you will enjoy this game.  It's a pretty big throwback to the original movie in a lot of ways, probably because of the time it is set in.  As you are Amanda Ripley looking for answers to your mothers dissapearance.  The lights, the machines, the sounds, everything resonates from the first Alien movie.I highly recomend this game (I've put around 40 hours into it.)"
,Recommended,214490,24174901,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,svmmit,Do you enjoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants unintentionally?this game is for you.
76561198025707479,Recommended,214490,24784605,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,✪ vM.| eMVy ム,"I can't lie to you about your chances, but......you have my sympathies!!!"
76561198256263217,Recommended,214490,24434755,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,R I E N Z I 🐦,ok
,Recommended,214490,24525174,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Squilliam Fancyson,"Thisis the Alien game any Alien fan has been waiting for ever sinceResident Evilhit shelves in 1996.  Not that AvP bland fps ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  If you're a horror fan, an Alien, and a fan of survival horror, you need this game.Alien: Isolationdoes everything right a survival horror game should.  You've got the feeling of helplessness when faced with enemies.  You've got the tense atmosphere, and never knowing what to expect.  You have the fear that comes when confronted with the Alien.And unlike other survival horror games, it's not a copycat ofResident Evil.  In fact the only similarity between these two games is plot points being revealed through files.  The game instead borrows the mechanics ofOutlastandAmnesia, with its own added twist.  You can actually distract enemies with craftable items.The game's biggest downside is the repetitiveness of gameplay.  Your tasks are mostly walking to point A to B without dying.  But the atmosphere and the intensity of being hunted by the Alien makes this not so much of a downside.  Fans of the Alien movies and thrill seekers won't mind this, but for others it will get old fast.  The other downside is there can only be one savefile.  So if you start a new game, whether it's on a new difficutly or a friend or sibling starting a new game, it will overwrite the ONE save file, causing you to lose any progress in a previous save.Also if you buy this game they might make a sequel."
,Recommended,214490,24773153,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,setaside,"Think of the most terrifying, gut-wrenching game you've ever played...whatever game that is, it's dwarfed in comparison by Alien: Isolation. With the immaculate design of the space station Sevastopol, defending yourself from humans AND androids, crafting your own weapons, the white-knuckle tension that builds when hiding/running from the Alien, and trying to save the space station from a collision course with a gas planet while simultaneously figuring out what happened to your mother, Ellen Ripley, makes for an amazing survival horror game that will amaze/scare you at every corner.Alien: Isolation is a MUST have whether you nab while it's on sale or for full price. The DLC is worth a playthrough or two as well and you can get all of it in a bundle with Alien: Isolation for a very reasonable price. (Crew Expendable DLC is personally my favorite because you get to choose from 3 members of the original crew from the Nostromo to play with i.e. Dallas, Parker or Ripley in a 1 v 1 survival setting against the Alien.)Pro-Tip: play the game on the Nightmare difficulty setting...you won't regret it."
76561197968621551,Recommended,214490,19684631,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,shponglefan,"After playing a lot of survival horror games, I thought I was desensitized at this point.  Alien Isolation not only proved me wrong, but it is one of the most terrifying games I've ever played.There are two things that Alien Isolation gets right when it comes to survival horror.The first is that the Alien is un-killable.  Many survival horror games rely on the player killing off their enemies (i.e. Dead Space, Resident Evil).  I've always felt that this diminishes the horror aspect, especially as the player often gets more proficient as the game wears on.  In Alien Isolation, while you can defend yourself against the Alien, you can never eliminate it.  It will always come back.Scripted scares are also a staple of the survival horror genre.  However, scripted scares diminish once you know when to expect them.  And while this game does feature its share of scripted moments, the Alien in the game operates both at random and based on reactions to the environment.  The player is never exactly sure what will happen and often this resulted in unpredictable, yet incredibly cinematic moments.In one instance, I was being pursued by a hostile guard who had shot at me.  I escaped down a corridor into a dead end.  I peaked out from the room to see the guard slowly making his way towards me.  At that exact moment, the door behind the guard opened up to reveal the hulking silhouette of the Alien, having been attracted by the gunshots.  I ducked my head back into the room to hide while listening to the dying screams of the guard.  It was one of the most singularly cinematic moments in the game and yet completely unscripted.Graphically, this game is gorgeous.  Having re-watched the original Alien recently, I was amazed at painstaking effort the designers took to recreate the designs from the film.  Everything from the grills on the lights, the design of the vents, to the prevalence of CRT screens and giant buttons, this game is a beautiful homage to the film.If the graphics are amazing, the sound design is on another level.  This game relies heavily on terrifying the player by what they can often hear, but not always see.  From the Alien's thudding footsteps to the steady beeps of the motion tracker, the sound design is just fantastic.If the game does have its weaknesses, it is in the narrative, pacing and some of the mechanics.  Puzzle-wise, the game isn't much more than a door-opening simulator.  There are some ""hacking"" mini-games involving matching up symbols or timing button presses.  But overall, it's basic stuff.  The narrative isn't particularly compelling either.  There's an Alien on board, people are terrified, and in the most cliche twist in the Alien universe, the Weyland-Utani corporation is involved.  It's not the most compelling story, but it serves as the basic framework for the player's action.Alien Isolation is a stellar game.  While it does have weaknesses, it's aesthetics and ability to invoke sheer terror more than make up for it.  If you like survival horror, don't pass up this game."
,Recommended,214490,15480579,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,5-R,Very cool classic 70-80s sci-fi feel. But the game is basically a very long session of hide & seek.
76561198023528824,Recommended,214490,18872710,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Dr. Strangelove,"Astonishing gamebeautiful graphics and well done visual effects.the gameplay is fairly slow paced but at times you have to make quick moves to escape the enemy's.next up the audio, the audio is just perfectly balanced, earie sounds and even simple pings from the computers makes ssure you are on your toes.Surely a recommendation from me!"
,Recommended,214490,25978163,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Phyrefli,"Huge thumbs up for this game. Feels like an Alien game, sounds like an Alien game, plays like an Alien game should. The graphics are top-notch, yet it played extremely smoothly. No bugs that I could find. Took me 21 hours playing on Easy to get through it, so there's a lot of replay value as well. Well worth the price, and an absolute gem of a game."
76561198116183161,Recommended,214490,24543665,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nyperon,This game is :100 % Worth it.
76561197989050146,Recommended,214490,15111872,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,j-PPP☮,"Hands down, it's the best Alien game and one of the best FPS ever made. For fans this is a must buy, and others might find it very enjoyable as well.There are a lot of reviews that cover the game thoroughly, but my small addition would be that the critiziced difficulty level is exaggerated. Even on easy difficulty the game proposes a decent challenge, which some people have found to be frustrating. I believe that people have strayed too far from the original concept of alien creature. Almost all past alien games depict alien as cannon fodder, an animal that comes in numbers and can be outplayed by human wits. Now that alien is made into a monstrosity similar to the one in the first Alien movie, people are getting irritated.No, you can't kill it. No, you can't escape it. No, you might not survive it. But that's exactly how it is supposed to be. You're dealing with the Alien now, not some weak alien characters that you have been shooting hundreds in games such as AVP or Colonial Marines.Good luck."
,Recommended,214490,17083972,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,✯theamazingSimo✯,"How you doing guys?So, I had Alien Isolation for my PC but it didn't really worked out very well for my because my machine (wich is a 1965 toaster) doesn't run Alien Isolation. So what did I do? Lets get into it:I've bought the Playstation 4 and Alien Isolation, because Alien was like my number one priority. I did play the game and the game feels so awsome! From the atmosphere to the soundtrack, from your persona to the AI...it's like this game is the result of mixing utility with the enjoyable! Expect jumpscares, expect turning around corners and see something ""undesirable"" (wich is nearly impossible because this game is to much enjoyable!), expect the Alien to hear you when you dont need him to show up! Expect saliva drainning out of vents (and make sure to dont pass below those)I can't really say much, just buy the game, a good pair of headset, get your room darker and I can assure you that will be the best moment of your...scary life!!Soundtrack: Awsome, specially in the moments you are exploring (for those who dont know, Alien Isolation has the same soundtrack as Alien: The 8th Passenger). When you are in danger or something have gone wrong, the sounds and atmosphere are crazy!! 9/10Gameplay and Campaign: Awsome...beautiful...crazy...all the good ingredients for a badass horror game! Ripley's daughter is a very strong character, more stronger in a psychologically and physically way! It's a mass 10/10!"
76561198313886822,Recommended,214490,33111473,Posted: 1 July,all,spoons,"A really good Alien game probably the best Alien game there is, I must have played the through the whole thing crouching and I feel sorry for her knees haha"
76561198014522093,Recommended,214490,32183784,Posted: 4 June,all,penbit,One of the best horror games ever played. Wish there was a Vr version as well.
76561197985946151,Recommended,214490,19877339,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,paprykus,"Near perfect game for it's genre. Breathtaking attention to detail and production value. This is exactly what every Alien fan was waiting for. As I was playing the game I thought - wouldn't it be awesome if this game also offered a space walk, or a mission on a surface of a planet? Guess what - it's also here. The story is compelling, the tension is great (even though we all know what Alien looks like and what he is capable of).This game requires a lot of patience as throughout the whole game you will spend substancial amout of time in/under various pieces of furniture hiding from the beast :) Have I mentioned that you are pretty much defenceless against the alien? You can't kill it, you can't outrun it. You can only hide and hope he won't find you (and quite often he will)."
76561198028828112,Recommended,214490,20386311,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Luke,"Como dito em muitas reviews, o jogo possui uma atmosfera muito aterrorizante. Os sons de fundo, em alguns momentos, te faziam parar, ficar estático, pois dava a impressão que algo iria acontecer. O jogo é muito bom sim, daria uma nota 8 pra jogabilidade, 9,5 pro som ambiente, e 9 pros gráficos. Foi meio frustrante no final, mas valeu a compra do game."
76561198084018467,Recommended,214490,20922734,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,justin.m.lloyd,"Finally, a game that does the Alien universe justice.  I just finished my first play through on Hard and it was a thrill ride through and through.  Above all, the art work and atmosphere was *incredible*.  If I could shake the hands of the developers, I would.  They mastered the look, feel, and sound of the original movie.I recommend it to anyone looking for a tense, atmospheric horror game, especially if they're an Alien fan.A welcome addition to the Alien universe."
76561198070094774,Recommended,214490,23660910,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,FeelsBadMan,How to make a Grown Man scream like a Little Girl.
76561197983611285,Recommended,214490,21711602,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,IronWarrior,"This game is awesome, it's great and it's going to make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself the entire game which can take 20+ hours to complete.Yes the game is long, very long for today standards and that's a good thing, nothing to complain about.The story and plot is well done and very well excuted.One of the nicest things I like about the game is the attention to detail, if you have a keen eye and have good awareless skills, you will notice these little things and how it all ties to each other to make for a great world to play in.My own personal play though, I was scared to death and watched many videos and walkthoughs and even after I completed the game, I will still watch people play this, the game makes for great entertainment.I will sign off to say, there is only a few negatives in the game that you will encounter but please don't let them over shadow grandless of this game.Will I play this again? I'm not sure, my body is still shaking from playing but if I do, it's not because the dreams I had about this game, but because I enjoy it.Make sure you buy this game during the next sale."
,Recommended,214490,22196277,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LivingMicrowave,"Pros:1. Feels like you're actually in the movie Alien. The thing that this game does so well is the retro-futuristic atmosphere that the original movie had back in 1979. Uses the same sounds, models... everything. If you like the technology in Alien then this game will feel like tech-PORN to you :)2.  AI is pretty damn smart. Very scary game. You eventually learn how to deal with it... or so you think. You won't be disappointed.3. Sounds are amazing. Movie-accurate. Xenomorph's footsteps so bloody horrifying. Enough said.4. Death animations are so awesome. First time I got pulled out of a locker by a xenomorph, I was like ""HEEEYOOOO HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT IS THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ YEAHEHEHEAHH""5. Terminal hacking, blowtorching, lever pulling, button pushing, engine cranking, weapon crafting, core overloading... YOU NAME IT BUDDY6. Game is addictive. Play time is around 20 hours. Long game. Lots of tasks. Lots of fun.Cons:1. Minor bugs. Doesn't affect gameplay. Pretty rare and requires you to look hard. But the game isn't 100% flawless. Saw a floating gun once. Alien tail clipped through the ceiling once too. Sounds seem to cut off in some small areas. Floating fluorescent lights in the transit areas and on a spacewalk elevator. Nothing too crazy.2. Some parts towards the end seemed rushed. Especially experiencing a pre-rendered cutscene that was awkwardly placed during gameplay. Since I had film grain turned off, it was really noticeable seeing a pre-ren scene covered in film grain. The game's ending suffered as well, I believe. But that's just my opinion.3. Plot is okay, but not totally unique. Could be better for fans of the franchise. They re-use a lot of the same elements from the Alien movie. For people new to the Alien franchise, you'd probably really love the plot. As for others, you might not be too suprised with some of the things that happen in the game. Especially about ""the company"". I'll just leave it there ;)Final word:Forget the cons, they don't spoil the game that much. Buy the game. Totally worth it. If you're not already a fan of Alien, you probably will be after this game.9/10"
76561197989808597,Recommended,214490,24729811,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mr. Bay,"Fantastic Game, very immersive. Love the storyline. Feels very authentic to original movie and the series overall. 5/5 :D"
,Recommended,214490,21412198,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Pepe El Perdedor,"Just finished the game...Well it is 11 infested stations out of 10.The best horror/survival game I've ever played.Everything's against you while you are a pretty little woman. Humans, aliens, androids even space is deadly dangerous for you. Almost no weapon, lack of ammo and all you find around you can try to use to survive. If you managed... Well behind the next door is another threat.Hardly remember the last time I've spent so many hours trying really hard to walk through a game gaining so many pleasure."
,Recommended,214490,21503340,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cracka Powa,Wow I didn't expect this game to be so long but it was awesome. In my opinion it's designated to a more mature audience such as myself at 33 yrs old.The beginning was a little hard for me to figure out so I didn't play it for about 3 months after the first few hours. Then one day I picked it up and figured it out and I didn't put back down. Definitly a must have for people who like horror games or games such as Outlast.  I literally jumped nearly out of my seat more than once and my kids watching me play they ran out of the room more than once lol. My poor two girls are 7 and 8 lol.Very long but worth campaign and it wasn't too repetitive to me. Controls are a little clunky at times but the game played very very smooth in 4k with everything maxed out. My 8320e @ 4.2 and my 970 did a very good job playing this and seems to be optimized at the highest quality. Graphics are really great. The story was pretty good but the ending... I wanted more.If you like good voice acting and horror its a must have. I can't tell you how long I played the campaign for at least 40 hours? I payed $12.49 on a steam sale and if you catch it on sale its a steal but is well worth the $49.99 price tag. This game is best played with a controller.I'd say a 9.5/10 only because the controls were a little clunky. But like I said it's a steal when it's on sale.
,Recommended,214490,21827243,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,2 BIG,"This is by far one of my favorite games I own, not only was it fun the graphics were stunning (I also don't have a very powerful PC). The story got me hooked it was surprising and understandable. I still don't know how to explain it but when I played this game with the lights off I was instantly drawn into the game as it became a new reality. The graphics and lighting where to perfection and with the mood set by the story and soundtrack it was very atmospheric. The gameplay was great with parts being casual puzzle solvers and when needed high intense situations. The only negative thing I people mentioned was it was too confusing, at parts it was but a simple solution was to just pay attention to general areas and objectives, after all you are and a giant space ship. It was scary how realistic the alien was expecasily the body movements that would leave me wondering, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ did it hear me!?"" One thing to note is along with paying attention you need to always be looking because levers, ladders, ect will not always stand out. See something that looks like you can possibly manipulate? 70% you can and need to.When you play this game you're not playing Alien: Isolation, your Amanda Ripley fighting to survive aboard Sevastopol.TL;DRPROS-Story-MusicClick Here (OST)-Graphics-Very Atmospheric-Scary-Stealth Aspect-Combat-Crafting-Voice ActingCONS-Can be confusing at times-Can be slow if you have ADD/ADHDOverall great buy any day of the week.-Too Big To Fail"
76561198273239908,Recommended,214490,21721202,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,h0ney sn1per,"Stealth survival horror at its best. The Alien cannot be killed, don't even bother wasting your time, but that doesn't mean that you cannot manipulate the Alien. Their are other hostiles on the ship besides the Alien that will kill you on sight. So... having trouble getting past that group of pistol packing humans? Toss a noise maker right in the middle of them all and watch the Alien swoop in and shred them one by one. Just hide out until it leaves and loot their corpses and keep going.Also, the sound in this game is AS nerve racking if not MORE, than avoiding the Alien. The constant thumps, hisses, Alien screetching sounds, keep you sneaking in the shadows because you simply do not KNOW where death is lurking. Once you get a feel for the game you can kinda get a feel for when something is about to happen and use that to your advantage.The Alien's movements are totally random, but its introduction into certain areas and levels is very much scripted, so one trick I have exploited is, once you learn that the Alien has been showing up whenever I am sent to perform a task or pick up and shiny new toy, DON'T DO IT until absolutely necessary. If I know pushing this button brings the Alien into the map, then I will do everything else posible in the level before I can't advance without puching the button, that way I can usually complete the level safer and quicker because other objectives have been met without the Alien slowing my pace.If you like horror, this game IS for you. It is without a doubt the single most tense game I have ever played."
,Recommended,214490,21925765,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,The Owl Of Wisdom,"I do try not to review a game until I've 100% completed it so I can get as much out of the experience as possible, I can finally say I achieved that goal and what a challenge it was.This was my favourite horror game of 2014 and it's taken me this long to complete it in it's hardest mode, doing it in hard or Nightmare difficulty is the only way you can get the full horror experience.The Alien has been designed to have heightened senses, which means if you hide near by it may hear, or see you. Things like the light of your Flashlight or even the beeping of your Motion Tracker can be spotted by the Alien and before you can react, it's over.The graphics of this game fit the aesthetic of the original movie and builds on it with out ruining that original idea, padded walls, lo-fi monitors and small flashing lights. In the film, you only see a few rooms of the ship and the rest is for you to imagine; Well in this game it's free roam around the whole station.>>Spoilers Ahead<<The story is the usual Alien plot: receive distress call> go down to planet> get's infected> takes infection back to ship> infection get's loose. Alien: Isolation introduced a good set of characters but it seemed that none of them survive.Again it stays true to the source material of the original film.The length of the plot is where people stop listening; to say the least it's a long game, no matter what mode you play in. The plot tries to end numerous times in the game but something with stop you from finishing. As you try to get to an airlock to put a suit on, your dragged into a vent: taken all the way back to the nest.Personally I like long games because I feel that I want them to never end; but when playing Alien: Isolation every time I hit an obstruction I would fin myself saying 'rrrrrrrr! does this nightmare never end?!?!?' but I think that's what the game aimed for, an never ending nightmare to the character....... like the film.An Alien: Isolation sequel would be cool, but the question is 'how could they build upon that ending?'"
,Recommended,214490,23039884,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Harry Dresden,"To all you people wondering about getting this game, ignore Gamespot and IGN's godawful reviews, and get this game!This game brings a whole new level of survival horror to the table. One area, there will be killer androids walking around, which I don't think they'd be too happy to see you. Another area, will have aggressive humans which you probably wouldn't want to come into contact with as well, and finally, most other areas will have the one and only, Xenomorph. This game may seem repetitive with its push the buttons, pull the levers, insert keycards formula but all around it is an amazing game! It certainly shines above Amnesia and some other games because the Xenomorph is unpredictable, which means if you constantly use the flamethrower to shoo him off, or use too much devices, he will learn your tactics, forcing you to use that lovely brain of yours, so, stop reading reviews, and get this game!"
,Recommended,214490,23121881,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Tunaguy,"ther's only one alien in game...this is revewi for allen: isolation, game of the yaear editon.  the agame of myEAR...mor lieki dednt realzein why gaem is caled allen: isolaton until i finshed...there's baerly any kinds of allen in game!  ther's big black dudes with pipes on back (mayb they vape????? :3) and litl guys from egs, and blue glowing eye men.  i wanted game with col allens like mass effect!its suposed t o be scary gaem but the big black alen doesnt even kill u on screen...he jumps on you and then the screen turns off...GAMES HAVE 2 HAVE LBOLODD 2 BE SCARY VALVLE!!!!!!!if u cant see ur arm gettin rip off like in mortla okombat (1999) ur not ognginga be scared!!!!!!!!u play as gril ubut she's not curte, kinda hot sunding wehn litl alen jum and give u a hug.  aslo blue glowin gyey alines dont have any hot girls like asari....WTF!sumarry:spooks: 01/0sounds: a lot of them but one alien sound like trumpetmulitiplayer: nonebig fianal score: 0/10 its not good!"
,Recommended,214490,30869278,Posted: 31 March,all,airwaffle,"I barely managed to play half an hour (maybe just at), but already with that little time I felt... well, truly pant-♥♥♥♥♥able.Not that I actually♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, but it's the thought.GET THE GAME!"
,Recommended,214490,30990364,Posted: 6 April,all,XHaradorkX (Antônio Couto),"The BEST Alien game in the history of all Alien games. Recommended to fans of the Alien series, and to fans of horror games in general."
,Recommended,214490,15069218,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,sofyand | blizzgamers.id,"Have you ever dreamed of being powerless? Have you ever dreamed of being unprepared? Have you ever dreamed of being small? Have you ever dreamed of meeting and stuck with your new scary neighbor in enclosed space?Well, go ahead, grab this game and face your Xenomorph head on! You won't regret it.Except for a couple of window-crashing bug that requires you to redo the entire level on some machines. I don't think they have fixed this crash. So beware, your nightmare is not your new Xeno-neighbor, but might be your frustration dealing with the crashes. But still, it's still the must-play game in the Alien franchise.8/10 (lower scores due to crashes)"
76561198142126452,Recommended,214490,30011208,Posted: 18 February,all,MacarOOns,intense  hide'nseek  ft. aliens
,Recommended,214490,12406314,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Looks and feels exactly like the sequel we should have gotten instead of James Cameron's butchery, just in video game form as opposed to film.Thirty-five years overdue, of course, but better late than never."
76561198126903460,Recommended,214490,20127934,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Bisto_03,"Utterly fantastic, bulids and bulids the tension.  One of the best games I have played in a long time.  Raises one HELL of a fear!"
,Recommended,214490,20288207,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jailander,Good Survival Horror Game even Better with XenomorphsOverall:Highly recommended for both horror fans and Alien fansPros:Stunning Graphics.Nice Atmosphere.Good Alien AI.Really Scary.Perfect use of IP.Cons:Backtracking.Ending Spoiler (Minor Complaint):Anticlimactic Ending (although in line with the original Ridley Scott movie).Does drag on.
,Recommended,214490,18641225,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MaysonD,"Alien Isolation is the only game I have that gave me actual nightmares. Even SOMA didn't do that. It was probably the ideas the movies gave me of a perfect hunter. But the highest contributing factor is how atmospheric Alien Isolation is. It's a near perfect model of what the movies were in the modern world of games. The alien itself if terrifying as it should be, and you don't fight it, which makes it a good horror monster. The story ties into the movies, you are the daughter of Ellen Ripley who is on a mission to find out what happened to the Nostromo. As you go through the station, you encounter others who will probably fight you, killer sinthetics said to never hurt humans, and of course the alien. The only downside of this game is the other humans you need to go through. They are always really annoying and don't add much to the horror of survival horror.If you don't like a story, the devs poured a lot of money into a Survivor Mode. Basically you are given one objective and a few side objectives. It's the arcade mode of horror games. You only have to run from the alien, and its AI is more advenced in this mode. It will investigate noise, look into open portholes you crawl through, and adapt to your strageties, making you change tactics. It's a good mode aside from the story, but it feels too hard. Then again, surviving the perfect organism was never easy!"
76561198051358672,Recommended,214490,16549860,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,C21H30O5,"This game has MAGNIFICENT graphics and gameplay. Though the ending was a bit unexpected, I really liked the game."
,Recommended,214490,21848324,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Nikolai,1 minute in the main menu scares me5 minutes in the ui scares me30 minutes in no combat or things that are meant to be scary but i need to take a break10/102 scare for me ill play later
,Recommended,214490,21757337,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jov,"It's great. Super immersive, beautiful graphics, well optimized... uncomfortable as heck to play.It actually produced a physical response in me: blood pumping, tensing up, palms sweating as I tightly gripped my mouse. Up until about half-way through, I was practically paralyzed with fear, not wanting to leave my hiding place for what seemed like 10 minute stretches - but as it got closer to the end, and I JUST WANTED TO GET IT OVER WITH, I began to get a little braver and started hustling. Go to the place and do the thing? Okay. Done. Beelining, not looking back. Monster goes off the tracker for a moment? Time to move! This is a cool aspect of horror games that feels almost like leveling up in real life: overcoming your fear, adjusting to your environment, and being able to function at a higher level despite the adversity.Highly recommend for fans of Alien or the Sci-Fi/Horror genre. Highly recommend if you like horror games. As many have said, it does seem to stretch content and goes on a little too long, but it's a worthy experience. I'm glad I played it, but I never want to play it again."
,Recommended,214490,14627636,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kaylee,"This game is good from what I've played so far. I've yet to finish it and I bought it the day after it was released. I'm the kind of person who needs someone by my side to play horror games like these :cOther than that, great game! :D"
76561198089620584,Recommended,214490,21878801,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,zach tbh,most horror games are lame and not scary but alien isolation is epicly cool and scary
,Recommended,214490,18723950,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,tehOMGfather,Hands down the most atmospheric and detailed Alien game available. Everythign else pales in comparison. GET THIS.
,Recommended,214490,12417522,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sam,"In Space, No One can hear you scream... However if you're playing this game in your room with the lights out, everyone in the neighborhood will hear you screaming.Alien: Isolation truely immerses yourself in Sevastopol Station, Full of suspense, and Full of Terror.In my experience playing the game so far, I haven't regretted pre-ordering it once. I am a huge Alien Fan-boy, and this game has quenched my thirst for a true Alien Game.+The Graphics are absolutley Stunning,+The Alien feels sentient, and is a ruthless killing machine. If you run, he finds you, and then kills you. You shoot your gun, he kills you, You breath in the wrong direction or even cough, He Kills you.+The Cast (And Voice acting, Thank god) are phenominal.+Animated Cutscenes are smooth and crisp+The Game creates an intense atmosphere that puts you into the position of Ripley,+Amazing Sound Engine, you could hear the alien clawing his way to you through an overhead vent 50 metres away. (Then He kills you)+It feels like the sequel to the 1979 Classic film that we've always wanted, It's dedicated to staying true to the franchise.+Optimization, I was surprised I could run this game at all, let alone on high Everything with my Desktop (HD Radeon 5670, AMD Phenom x4 9150e 1.8 Ghz, 4 GB RAM) with 25+ FPS.[EDIT] Now that I've upgraded my computer by putting a GTX 750ti into my Computer the game runs at 60+ FPS on Ultra Settings. :DFinal grade from me....  10/10I've been waiting for this game since August and it did not dissapoint me at all! The developers have really made a masterpiece of a game and I can't wait to see what they pull off in the future, maybe even another Alien game :DReviewers Note: To all the people who said that this game was gonna bite the dust, We say ""HA!"", then the Alien Kills you."
,Recommended,214490,12483001,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Green Ranger,"Alien Isolation - Completed on Hard difficulty, don't believe me check my achievementsAlien Isolation strives to channel your inner Ellen Ripely, The game creator's ""Creative Assembly"" suggested we should play the game on Hard ""Mode"" I did just that, completed within 26 hours. Alien Isolation is the most tense adrenaline filled and frightfully jumpy sci-fi experience since Dead Space.After playing 5 minutes of the game I was having trouble just picking up the controller, the game instantly get's under your skin,  I found this out when playing the DLC - Lone Survivor, but after half-hour, I put on my Ellen-Ripley-Cap said to myself lets do this.I saw myself a veteran gamer I have completed many (space, horror and shoot-em-up's) on the most unforgiving veteran mode surely Alien Isolation could be no different. Only trouble is... I was unprepared just how powerless you are in the game, and just how easy it is to die, your only real strength you have in the game is to be as stealthy as you can and avoid making any noise and move undetected.Normally this does the trick you can get through the game with ease but  I was playing the game on hard difficulty. The slightest sound foot-step or gun-shot and you will have a terrifying ""Xenomorph"" dropping out of the vent's or chasing you down the corridor screaming, if It see's you and sometimes you might not here it all while it creeps up on you sticks you with it's tail from behind.How  to survive Exenomorph!The deciding factor's when the alien comes stomping your way and the option's you have available should you hide, run or escape the area or should you use an item to distract it?Pro-tip from me: NEVER EVER RUN IN THIS GAME, you are basically walking silver platter with  if you run.When you decide to hide and considering your options: Should you hide under a desk or should you hide in a locker?Think you are safe in the lockers think again...The alien will stalk the area your in and if you come out too early and feel you need to re-enter the same locker or another locker, I would not advice it. The alien listen's for you and adapt's to the situation, what may have worked a few times may not always work 3rd, 4th, or 5th time, stay on the move and use lockers and cabinets sparingly.Save StationI cannot stress enough how important it is to save while playing Alien Isolation, doesn't matter what difficulty you are playing on, no matter what you will die at some point, that I guarantee, before you start thinking:I am not going to play this there no auto save!Keep in mind this adds to the tension and fun of the game and every save is a reward in-itself.I found this out more so on Dr Morely Section of the Game, I know this might sound counter productive but if you get objective done and the alien is near by, this is what I do if I can see the alien on the scanner and it's behind me sometimes it's ok to run, but only run if you need to save, atleast this way you stand less chance of the alien coming stalking your way and you would have saved yourself another trip if you got killed taking too safely and slowly.The scannerUse the scanner wisely and try not to use it too much on hard difficulty, the alien can here the scanner beep noise, especially if you are hiding in a locker, the alien might just stay in the area longer.DeathsI will not lie, I died many times, so much so that I got achievement out of it, the game will punish you at every turn, every area is designed to make your journey as difficult to complete as possible like true horror game. The game will brutally satisfyingly want to work against  you at all times, this is no ""Call of Duty Action Game"", this is ""Survival Horror"" remember that when you start playing otherwise you might not make it to the credits-end.ObjectivesAre done in such way you will end up having to do multiple things in one area and might end up finding yourself back tracking allot when a door is down due to a faulty power generator or a password is needed from access terminal or you might need to hack into something and complete a mini-game, this add's so much tension to the game, the last thing you want to do is back track when Exenomorph hiding in the vents or stomping around.Weapons and ItemsYou have limited amount of weapon's and tool's at your disposal which can be upgraded and obtained throughout Sevastopol and you will have to use each and everyone one of them sparingly.I stayed away from using as many item's as possible because they attracted the beast even though you can use the item's to lore the alien and kill  humans or use item's as a distraction by doing so the alien will stay in the vicinity and it will take longer to complete that section of the game most of the time the Alien will scan the area until it think it's ok to go back in the vents, because of this I try and avoid using as many item's as possible and just stick with being stealthy.On hard difficulty, the alien can be just as unpredictable and sometimes avoiding the alien can be impossible at times, so always have a few Molotov-cocktail's ready and the flamethrower to fend the alien off, but remember if you do manage to scare the alien off move out that area as soon as possible the alien might  come back to check if you are still there do not rely on the flamethrower, as your main defense but as a last-resort.Ammo and items are scarce on hard difficulty and the alien at times can be relentless so be resourceful as much as possible stay hidden.HumansWhen you come across a group of humans or just one, most of the time they will be hostile toward's you and try and shoot you if they can, If they do choose to shoot you and  the alien is near by the alien will here the gun-shots and go straight for the human, think about using this as a tactic while playing as I did when escaping the Medical Facility.Droids not your average Joe'sThe droids in the game can be just as dangerous and bothersome and take quite a beating to put one out of action, as I found out when I fired 9 Revolver bullets into head of a droid before it went down. What I found worked best was to craft  EMP device and use this on the droid and then use your wench while it was temporary disabled to kill it. The stun-rode is some what effective against them but best to use it when they are unaware of your presence and from behind, once you got the droid going berserk with the stun rod this is your moment to kill it with the wench.The exenomorphOn hard difficulty the Exenomorph is allot like an overly attached girlfriend....It will not be that far away and it will pop-out the vents when it feel's like it and sometimes I have witnessed it falling back out of the vents, only to go back in again. When I thought it was going to be game-over for me.The alien on hard mode is unpredictable put it this way.Stay invisible from start to finish only way survive! and move all the time never linger the alien will detect you hunt you down if you stay to long in one area, always stay on the move.Move undetected don't let anyone see or hear you and you will complete the game more quickly, as this was my main strategy.As you progress through the game you are going to come up against some scripted Alien area's where it's going to be impossible to avoid the alien, I found this to happen allot in the Gemini area of the game while I was trying to complete a task: That had me logging in to the access terminal twice!!! and pulling two lever's while having a droid and exenomorph on the look out.Sevastopol in Game MapI found trying to move from one area to another to be frustrating as the in game map, does not indicate which door's can be opened and which doors cannot, vent's location's do not always display on the map. When you get to the Syntheti"
,Recommended,214490,34704541,Posted: 3 September,all,4,i made broken this my moniter.
76561198048920870,Recommended,214490,24926754,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Doctahbeat,"So just to start off, I will say I've always been a scaredy cat when it comes to survival horror games and I generally avoid them.That being said, I saw a friend play this game and fell in love with it. The whole concept of survival while being actively hunted by something that you can't just overpower and kill is aMAZING. The game forces you to use stealth and a limited amount of supplies to traverse enemies and obstacles as you duck, weave and go slow/stealthlike through areas. It also forces you to stay engaged by limiting your knowledge of whats near you to the motion tracker, which isn't always accurate, and the audio cues, without which you will probably die over and over and over.I don't think it got repetitive, and it had a substantial campaign mode, it took me about 20 hours to complete on the hardest difficulty. The last 2 missions are pretty lackluster, at that point the tools you have let you kind of cheat the level (I still tried to play stealthy), but nonetheless was satisfying.The graphics are in line with current games in my opinion and the whole ""lo-fi"" thing people associate with the alien movies is captured extremely well.The horror aspect is actually surprisingly just right for me. I liked to play at night and with a little lighting so I kind of get that ""heeby-jeebies"" feeling whenever the game starts to build the sound up, or I know the alien is nearby and I can hear her moving. There are also many points in the game where there is information necessary but you have to disengage your character from the ""active"" mode, to read a computer screen or perform a task, and you're not technically ""immune"" or ""impervious"" to dying while performing the tasks, which in my opinion makes it that much more scary and awesome.I really really really hope they continue the story, the cliffhangar ending (as all alien movies do) is leaving me wanting more.Definite buy, even if its not on a steam sale. Well worth it."
76561198079691345,Recommended,214490,18858111,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,sapphire.dachshund,"I'm finally getting to play this after waiting nearly 5 months to find a system that can somewhat support the requirements to run the program... and I am bloody loving it. It is suspenseful, terrifying, amazing, visually rich, claustrophobic, and challenging. I do get frustrated when I get trapped in areas or lockers for long periods of time (I'm only playing on Normal right now), but it's so amazing to get to visit the world of Alien and explore everything I loved about the films.The plot is predictable, especially if you've seen the original film. This does, in no way, take away from the overall effectiveness of the game.If you don't jump at least once, you're playing it wrong.If you don't start swearing at the people on Sevastopol, you're playing it wrong.If the Xenomorph doesn't drop from the ceiling and chase you down, then you're way better at the game than I am."
,Recommended,214490,26113543,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ATadMad,This is game of the year for a reason.
,Recommended,214490,12647264,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,2$hort,"They really makes you feel like your on a that space station.  Great graphics, and finally  an AI that is not predictable, its not perfect, but its deadly.  The Alien is just like from the movies, androids are annoying and the humans are crazy from fear.   This is not a FPS by any stretch its a stealth game, The game will make you love it, hate it, curse it and you will DIE ALOT(Even on easy).Everything is real time, so interacting with computers, rewire boxes and crafting items: Time keeps going, so make sure your safe or have time.  Noise makers are your friends and enemies, a bad throw will make you mad and say some cus words.  The motion tracker is also a great tool, but it can be heard by actors so make sure your not using it near the enemy tracking you, Specially not in lockers.CONS - the lack of save locations means if you die you will lose alot of progress, while on some level it adds to the stress it will frustrate you.Confussed -  They didn't make the androids and enemy to the Aliens.* You can't get weapons off a person you killed, you can take there ammo but not their weapon  this is a really weird design choice.This game is very challenging and will test your patience and zeal.  Its not perfect but it takes the original movie and honors it,  the detail is spot on, the sound effects are just like watching the movie.  the visuals and graphics are amazing on ultra high.P.S  Your gonna hate the med labs, its brutal best tips.* The Actors have no set paths its all random, and thier actions will be based on the enviroment.* if your hiding in the locker * HOLD your BREATH, LEAN back this will reduce the risk of being seen or heard.* IF you get frustrated Stop and take a break.  SAVE - SAVE - SAVE (you will die alot).* Androids are slow and can't climb in vents, and you can run away.* I Think the alien sees like a T-REX, its vison is based off movement at a distance, while sometimes i thought i was toast and it walked by and other times i fell its all good and bam, you hear that screech(Thump, Thump, thump) dead.This is not like the Aliens movie but the original Alien movie, no flashy guns. no massive battle, its a stealth game, hide runs and live. stay fight and die."
,Recommended,214490,21197813,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Evolve,"As exploration game - it's awesome. As a horror game... it quite failed. Game builds up great right till your first alien encounter where you realise that alien is just an annoying nuisance which 90% of time is blocking your way and you need to use other 10% to make a couple of steps untill he blocks you again. If you know where you are going it would be fine, but when you're trying to explore at the same time it's a disaster. I was scared a lot more when i backtracked to gather collectibles - alien was somewhere around but where and when he will appear... the only downside is that you have an alien repellent by that time and can roam relatively fearless... untill he gets you. The only true scary moment was when i found the gasmask and Ripley put it on in a swift movement which i didn't expect at all. DLC's... don't waste your money on them: 2 story dlc's 10 minutes long each and they just loosely represent 2 short episodes from the movie, other 5 dlc's are just challenge modes.Aside from these flaws the game is really good, yet i still think it's only the second best Alien game right after the AvP 2."
76561198035139493,Recommended,214490,29774016,Posted: 7 February,all,Sullisters,">Playing Alien Isolation>Just escaped the Anesidora>Trying to avoid all the Seegson Security guys because I am playing a pacifist game>Finds a terminal to release a Working Joe>Working Joe leaves room>Throws a noisemaker into a control room>Hides inside a nearby locker>Shotgun firing in the distance->""Now, now"" (Working Joe)>Volley of combined revolver and shotgun bullets>""I hope that firearm is registered"" (Working Joe)>Looks at motion tracker>Three more dots moving rapidly towards the two Seegson Sec guys and approaching android>There are now five Seegson Sec in the room with the Android>Literal wall of shotgun slugs and revolver bullets for full four seconds>""I'll assume you have a permit for that weapon"" (Working Joe)>The next thirty seconds are spent listening to screams and random shots in the distance as the Working Joe slaughters everyone in the room>Leaves locker>""You really shouldn't be here"" (Working Joe)>Shoots Smug Android in its Smug Android face with Boltgun>Surveys control room>Blood everywhere>Loots eight shotgun shells  and ten revolver bullets, along with random scrap>Literally I murdered twenty of these ♥♥♥♥s like one or two levels ago, and with a homemade boltgun>Working Joes are terrifying10/10 - Would shoot Smug Androids in their Smug Android faces again"
,Recommended,214490,29836804,Posted: 10 February,all,Snorri Sturluson,"What an amazing game.If you are a fan of the classic Alien movie from 1979, get it right away.If not... well, still give it a chance. But first, go and watch the movie."
,Recommended,214490,12562974,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"Alien: Isolation... a game that I was looking forward to and with extremely high anticipation. And for once, that game not only delivers in all aspects but remains faithful to the lore and franchise of the Alien universe.Now that I've finished the campaign, Crew Expendable and Last Survivor DLC...  and a few runs of the survivor mode, I can honestly say that this is my favorite Alien game to date. Granted it is not a run and gun FPS game like previous AVP games but the sheer terror of a lone Alien can give you is priceless. It took very long to be able to play such a marvelous Alien game and finally, there it is!This IS the Alien game every fans wanted all along and yes, you deserve to play it eventually!PROS:+Very tense atmosphere and ambiance. You never know what's coming at that next corridor or corner and in fact, you MOSTLY never feel safe! At times, you may even remain in that locker for long minutes until that Alien finally goes patrolling elsewhere!+AMAZING VISUALS. Graphics are great but the close adaptation of Alien 1979 look and aesthetics are unmatched in ANY other Alien game. Aliens vs. Predator Classic and AVP 2 did well long ago but Alien: Isolation pushed the mark further! Level design is very good! The game artists and designers went above the bar to make Sevastopol Station ""lifelike"". Also, I gotta say that the lighting aspect of the game makes you ""believe"" that you're INTO Amanda Ripley's shoes! Corridors with flashing lights, smoke going in all directions...+Sounds and music are respectful of the Alien franchise. And the music gets even more tense as you progress further! I'm usually a sucker for game music but in this heavily stealth focused game, I had to turn it off so I could hear and ""guess"" the Alien and or other enemies position.+Decent story even if it's somehow predictable. It's absolutely not as good as the Alien movie but I could clearly see this game fit completely into the Alien franchise and I do hope it stays cannon to the lore. It is retelling a familiar setting we've already heard countless times in the Alien universe: evil corporations, murderous androids, rogue AI, etc. It might make you relive classic Alien moments from the movie but I can see that Creative Assembly wanted to play it safe here!+Lots and lots of fan service. Easter eggs here and there... without spoiling anyone!+Keyboard and Mouse controls were fine by me. I haven't tried the game on Gamepad but everybody knows a First Person game is meant to be played with KB+M!+The Alien itself is one scary motherfu... As you progress into the game, the Alien gets smarter and patrols frequently, opens lockers, backtracks and looks behind itself. Clearly, its A.I. is very well designed, albeit that at times, it seems unfair unless you lower the difficulty of the game!+VERY WELL OPTIMIZED! Creative Assembly have done an excellent job with the PC version. I could run the game on Ultra settings without any hiccups.+HIGH level of replayability. The main campaign story mode takes a good 15 to 25 hours, depending on the level of difficulty you are playing. Then comes the Crew Expendable and Last Survivor DLC that can add about two more hours of gameplay. There is also the Survivor Mode, which is very challenging and can add lots of more playability. Sadly, Survivor Mode only have one map at the moment and I can speculate that the future DLC will add more maps for that mode. Its cool but I'd prefer storymode DLC instead so we shall see!CONS:-Weak secondary characters. Granted, the main ""characters"" here are The Alien and Ripley but having a few more dedicated secondary characters with deeper impact of the game would've been intereting.-A few bugs and glitches. Nothing groundbreaking in my case but when you see the Alien going through walls and catching you, that get's irritating. I saw some minor ones like floating guns and items in the air.-The Alien feels quite cheap at times, ""teleporting"" right back at you from behind... even if you were silent! I know the Alien is scripted that way but to make things ""logical"", I would've loved if it could just get somewhere else and hunt other survivors! Hears you walk, get out of closet, opening doors and even hears if you use the motion tracker in closets! Maybe it got Amanda Ripley's scent and it is too irresistible? Must be that! But seriously, it loses the fear when you do see that Alien way too often which brings me to the Hard Mode next...-Hard Mode is meant to be played in a speedrun mode. Honestly, I've disliked that! I had played the game on Hard Mode until past the Hospital level and that was where I drew the line. I don't like rushing through this kind of game where stealth is mandatory. I'll eventually give the hardmode another shot on another playthrough but I can understand why some players were very frustrated (me included) at certain situations. You see, harder the game is, more ""present"" is the Alien. It patrols more often making hiding in lockers pointless. You always gotta be on the move so it may be more representative of the movie setting but in my book, I wanted to take my time and explore the sh!t of the game.-Talking about exploration, once you've reached certain points of the game, you couldn't backtrack to other levels where you have missed ID Tags and Nostromo audio logs collectibles. Irritating...-Too many contextual situations (preloaded animations that once enabled makes you vulnerable to enemies for a few seconds. Like, press and hold 'E' to do this x-y-z action (hack terminal, open door mechanism, use ion torch, etc) and wait until its done). I REALLY HATE THIS since enemies can kill you easily that way!-Poor pacing once you have reached halfway of the story. A few forced backtracking.-Cheap ending. Doesn't have much closure and has serious DLC sequel bait. Whether the story continues via DLC or on a full sequel, that cliffhanger did felt cheap and wasn't necessary!OVERALL:It's really ironic that it took the developers of a historical RTS to finally create an authentic Alien game, but they did it! At last I was genuinely scared of the Alien, where countless other developers have failed by treating Giger's monster with respect; that it is a creature to be feared and not some simple pulse rifle fodder. Naturally the game have issues here and there but I honestly hope that Alien: Isolation will spawn a whole new game franchise that I can keep on exploring the Alien lore!RECOMMENDATION:I really loved Alien: Isolation and for once, I got to play a really fun Alien game. It has taken a long time but now, the wait is over and the game is finally released!Loved Amnesia: The Dark Descent and Outlast? You'll feel right at home with Alien: Isolation!Survival Horror fan? ABSOLUTELY! Alien fan? GET IT NOW! Scaredy cats? MAN UP AND GO get the game... and a few box of panties!RATING:8.5 / 10LIKEUCARE... signing off... and going to rewatch Alien Quadrilogy once more..."
76561198089654341,Recommended,214490,12605817,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Vault Boy,best game i have played all year. you really feel like your in the movie. Incredible atmospheric and immersive. 8.8/10
,Recommended,214490,16633508,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,EnrichMyAnus.COM,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ it's not even the alien that scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me it's those ♥♥♥♥ing ultra creepy ♥♥♥♥ing android♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and god ♥♥♥♥ing forvid they start to chase may the good lord himself have mercy on your ♥♥♥♥ing soul. It's the eyes man. Might as well just call this game tunnel and locker simulator 2015 god dam it looks great tho. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,16420958,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sazirmage,If you like survival games get this.If you like horror games get this.If you like trapped inside somewhere games get this.If you like space or spaceships get this.If you like good games get this.
76561198003454835,Recommended,214490,26163604,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,impiribl,cool game
,Recommended,214490,15069756,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,amaXing,"I'm not sure why I keep buying these Horror games. They are freakishly scary and I can never muster up the courage to finish them.  That being said, I am not done with the game but I will give you an honest review. I will follow up with the full review when I am done with the game.Pros-Scary as ♥♥♥♥-10$-Good graphics-Same creators that brought you SonicCons-Anxiety-FearIn essence, I love the way Horror games like this make me feel. It's a feeling unlike any other. Like when you were a kid and horror movies would scare you but then you grew up and they just never really scared you the same. I get that same  feeling from this game.Man I love video games.Would play againSolid 9/10♥Sega♥"
76561198125063049,Recommended,214490,30530471,Posted: 15 March,all,cinek44,"First off, I'd like to say that I'm not a super fan of the Alien franchise. Hell, I'm not even fond of first person games but man this game delivers. I bought it on sale with all the DLCs looking for something new and different from games that I usually play. Whoever designed this game was able to recreate perfectly the claustrophobic, grim and retro atmosphere we see in the movies.  The pacing of the game is perfect with its ups and down. The level design is smooth and well thought. The game starts quite easy on you.  You walk around the station wondering what the hell happened, with a few jump scares here and there. And then the Alien shows up and the game turn from mildly scary to truly nightmarish. I gotta be honest the first time I got to play hide and seek with that thing in the Scimed Tower I was ready to quit after a few hours and immediately uninstall. But I decided to man up and confront that creature. It took 28 hours and dozens and deaths to finish the main campaign. No game has given me greater satisfaction upon completion."
76561197961558280,Recommended,214490,23795574,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,AlexFabZZ,"This game was greatly overhyped by the media. It's definetly not bad but far, far from being this jewel people praise about.Graphics: Good but nothing special. This is a 2014 game and the first Crysis from 2007 looks better.Sound and Music: Best things about this game. Immersion is very important in the survival genre and it's really creepy to play it with headphones. Kudos to whoever was responsible.The save system: Terrible. Horrible. Not having a manual save on a pc just cause the developers need to sell it for the consoles is, at least for me, a deal breaker. If I knew in advance that the pc version didn't have a manual save I would never have bought it. This may not be a problem for teens with a lot of time to spare but if you, like me, can only game for a certain ammount of time each day, wasting 15 or 20 minutes of gameplay seeing the same cutscenes over and over again until you can manage to reach a save box without dieing is frustrating, to say the least. I really don't know if I will have the patience to finish it. I'm almost giving up, to be honest.So, do I recommend this game? Patch a manual save and I most certainly will. For now, I recommend it (by a small margin) with a BIG warning about the save system."
,Recommended,214490,12672510,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Aaron,Game summary: I'm now afraid of air conditioning.11/10 would buy again.
76561198116612773,Recommended,214490,18738455,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GaMeRs RoCk!!!,"I just want to say,this is one of the best horror game and  i recommend it"
,Recommended,214490,20506260,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,oujisan2236,Amazing game!This epic Thrill ride is a worth well game to Own.If you like getting♥♥♥♥♥♥scared every 5 minutes this is the game for you.Making a Grown Man scream like a little girl Simulator. 10/10One thing that bothered me was the fact that the Alien sometimes have teleportation powers... but thats all...
,Recommended,214490,29333960,Posted: 18 January,all,Oke'd,"Alien: Isolationis perhaps the first game to both comprehend and perfectly capture that which made Ridley Scott's seminal 1979 film so significant. In an deliberately dated-looking 2137, Weyland-Yutani engineer Amanda Ripley (daughter of Sigourney Weaver'sAlienprotagonist) signs up with the crew of theTorrens, a ship on an assignment to collect the recently discovered flight recorder of her mother's ship, theNostromo, to which theTorrensbears a striking resemblance (its layout is identical). The assignment alleges to be relatively simple - arrive at Sevastopol, a space station being decommissioned - retrieve the flight recorder, leave again. Things naturally don't go as planned, and on arrival Ripley finds the skeleton crew still aboard Sevastopol twitchy and terrified as systems malfunction and a horrific monster stalks the hallways.Said monster is truly the highlight ofIsolation. The A.I. dictating the creature's movements is designed primarily to behave erratically, strolling around Sevastopol's narrow corridors with no apparent rhyme or reason to its behaviour, making hiding from the thing all the more harrowing. You can be searching a room and panic when you turn around to find it unfurling from the ceiling like a snake, giving you only moments to hide in a locker or under a table. Being stalked by the alien is a truly tense, greatly enhanced by the spot-on sound design - maybe the best I've ever heard in a video game. The authenticity ofIsolation's audiovisual aesthetic is outstanding to the point where you can navigate through the whole experience purely through sound, without making any real use of the intentionally inaccurate motion tracker. It surprised me how muchAlien: Isolation's reverting to the usage of the clunky, chunky electronics of the original film helped immerse me in Sevastopol's bloody narrative. Saving the game requires that you reach old-school checkpoints and manually 'register' using a huge keycard. The process takes a few seconds - enough time to be killed from behind by the alien should it have spotted you already. While it can be frustrating at time to have to replay large segments of game, it's also integral to the game's appeal that you feel totally vulnerable at all times, which is achieved through the total unpredictability of your extraterrestrial adversary.Despite all this, the impression I had when I finishedAlien: Isolationwas one of frustration. The game runs for a solid eight or so hours longer than it needs to, and it reaches the point where all the fun is drained from the experience through the sheer repetition. The epitome of this problem is in an extended segment towards the end where the alien is completely out of the picture, leaving you to avoid the creepy-but-not-scary 'Working Joe' androids, who mutter about 'safety protocols' with a calm demeanour reminiscent of the sentry turrets fromPortalas they walk menacingly towards you intent to strangle you to death. It was fun for a little while, butIsolationmust pit you against hundreds of the things throughout the game, and they're far too predictable to be engaging threats. The game really lost me after about the fifth fake ending, and after that it was hardly scary - I was just waiting for it to be over. However, no amount of padding or filler spacewalks can truly dull the brilliance of whatAlien: Isolationdoes accomplish - a slow, methodical, cold-sweat inducing crawl through an overall terrifying exercise in OH&S violations and phallic Giger-monsters."
,Recommended,214490,17337546,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,dwerhs,"scary,, gg"
76561197963596666,Not Recommended,214490,22868642,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,MrGrudge,"This is another time when I wish we had a ""Neutral"" recommendation rather than ""Yes/No"". Being a big Aliens fan is the only reason I finished this game as by halfway I was getting very frustrated with it. The graphicl and sound design is phenomenal and it really does look as if you're in the settings of the first film, but the gameplay got rather tedious after several hours.The game does little to explain to you how things like the crafting system works except for random loading tips, it was hours before I found out that I can actually commit a salvage compenent to an unfinished item and free up an inventory slot, I wonder how much salvage I left behind in the first half of the game. There are way too many button presses needed for the simplest tasks, I supposed they thought it make things more tense but after a while having to press 3-4 buttons instead of 1 just to open a damn door became tedious.The save system is also a love or hate issue, I'm sure that a lot of time was spent just from going back to save points to avoid frustration from another death wiping out half an hour or more of progress. The save points are inconsistent as well, more diffcult areas have very few while really easy ones have many scattered about.Then there is the xenomorph AI. For many areas it is fine and some levels have it ""tethered"" to follow you around like it see through walls. For PC players there is a mod that adjusts it, mostly by breaking the tethering, which did help make the game more tense and less frustrating but it's only doing what the developers should have done in the first place. The game feels more tense when the xenomorph may or may not come after you if you make to much noise, when it hangs around indefinitely it quickly becomes more of an annoyance."
76561197998923173,Not Recommended,214490,24329619,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,hzlrzltn,"I have mixed feelings about this game.On the one hand, we have the technical aspects, which are positive:- the game is very (I mean VERY) well optimized, runs butter smooth in ultra on my 4 year rig (i5-2320, GTX 750, 8GB RAM etc.)- the design is very nice, a clear continuation of the original Alien movie (everything looks like designed in the 80s)Gameplay-wise, there are some strong points too:- atmosphere is top notch, the space station is scary enough without feeling cheap- the crafting system and the tools are a nice touch- the sounds are good, everything creaks, beeps, things go bump in the night etc.- I was scared sh|tless playing hide and seek with the alien (for a while that is)But then there were some aspects of the game which totally broke immersion for me, and were annoying as hell.- People having no problem ""accidentally"" running into you in a very large hall, no matter what; yet not noticing you when you literally are an arms length away. This is no joke: in Mission 3 I was crouching in the corner just beside the door and a guy entering the same door walked by me twice like a blind bat.- The Alien wandering ""accidentally"" always in your vicinity in the missions you have to evade it. It has the whole hospital floor for itself, yet you always have to hide in lockers and hold your breath. It's like the alien can't see you, can't hear you, can't smell you from a distance, yet is drawn to you somehow. This made the hide and seek a trial and error for me, and poof, the suspence and terror was gone after a while.I had the feeling that a lot of encounters were scripted to a point where the question was not ""How can I solve this?"" but ""How do the developers want me to solve this?"".I gave the game thumbs down, but that doesn't necessarily mean that this is a bad game. If you're not bothered by the negative aspects I mentioned, then you should definitely try it. Especially while on sale (that's how I got it anyway)."
76561198304322382,Recommended,214490,32207849,Posted: 5 June,all,TripsOvR,"Honestly, this game just blows me away. Alien Isolation kicked Colonial Marines as* so hard that their fuc*ing game developers could feel shoe laces in between their own teeth.Just buy the game"
,Recommended,214490,26417488,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Slayze ツ,"Amazing game, truly a great experience. Everything about this game is just pinpoint accurate of the original Alien movie. The visuals are amazing, the Alien is terrifying and Sevastopol truly feels like an abandoned space station gone to hell. The exploration is my favorite part about the game, since the station really does feel huge and each area feels fresh. The only kinda bad thing about the game when youget the flamethrowerits not as scary anymore. But nevertheless, the androids still make me jump outta my seat when they grab my legs :)"
,Recommended,214490,33249299,Posted: 4 July,all,cepi,this game is rubbish i like fnaf
,Recommended,214490,34556183,Posted: 28 August,all,MisakiG,Me and my girlfriend was playing this game at night with light turned off in our room. She was too scared so I had to comfort her by having sex afterwards.Spooky level 10/10. Would play this with my gf again.
76561197974870599,Recommended,214490,12987953,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[Zeon]Chessboard Mask Paxton,"I'm hiding in a locker in the medical wing, please send hel-OH GOD NO IT'S FOUND----End Message---"
,Recommended,214490,15120793,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,om3g4_z3r0,Worth every cent
,Recommended,214490,13037674,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Amira,"Alien Series is once again becoming a cult. Now I have nightmares with Alien. the game is true survival horror. I loved the protagonist of the game. Amanda - she is not a super hero, but creative. Also I like the atmosphere, the sounds. Yes, this is not Far Cry or Assasins Creed created for devouring your money. First of all it's a game and it makes it clear to you that you are not omnipotent. I rate this game: 100/10. Thanks for giving ""Alien"" a new life."
,Recommended,214490,12393306,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,The Commander,Way better than the ♥♥♥♥ing mess Alien: CM was.Worth the buy.
,Recommended,214490,14081685,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wheatley,"I like this game soo much. Detalized levels, amazing ambience, 'smart' enemies, it's not like Outlast where you can't even kick some♥♥♥♥♥ I even made some mods for Garry's Mod based on Alien: Isolation!Recomended to everyone who love Alien universe. Ops! Alien comming! Have to hide! :D"
,Recommended,214490,34639857,Posted: 31 August,all,Gonzo850,Best movie based game I have played yet. Very authentic.
76561197986438664,Recommended,214490,33109376,Posted: 1 July,all,Sebastiaan,"This game is Sooo good.Get it.Especially if its on sale!The admosphere and story is excelent and very immersive.Game play is perfectly designed to make you feel vulnerable and weak, leaving you scared and alone, expecting death around every corner.Play in dark with good headphones for max pants-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ effectPros- Looks great- Awesome story- Very immersive gameplayCons- Not for everyone. Game is scary and stressfull as hell. Dont get it if your not into that- Some maps are better then others- Difficulty can be unforgiven and offputting- Poo covered pants + couch"
,Recommended,214490,12652179,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Busch,"I said: Screw ""Shinji Mikami!""and bought Alien Isolation instead and what I got was a Dark Souls-esque survival stealth game, full of tension.The atmosphere of the game is immensely rich as it draws from the already well established Alien franchise and pulls you in on much more immersive level. The clunky 70's 80's sci-fi look is gorgeous and is somewhat realistic considering space technology as of now. Music is fairly well threaded throughout, with orchestrated melodies fused with electronic percussion lending itself to the film's own music score, whilst adding to the overall tense feeling that lingers throughout.The storyline is decently written with good pacing which consequently makes the game is long. However the length is not a negative as I found it made sense when looking at the storyline and the setting.  The pacing also presented different layers of tension with each threat that arises.  As the game goes on, you do gain a bit of more confidence but still tension seeps in you like acid.On Hard difficulty the games works very much like Dark Souls: a game which prepares you for well for most things in life ;DAlien Isolation doesn't hold your hand and it does punish one for being cocky,  noisy and even aggressive at times. Saves points are very much like the typewriters of the old RE titles. However even saving can lead to a risk of dying at is leaves one open for a brief moment as so do many other things. Reloading, crafting, using computers, devices and tools all leave you open which furthers adds to the tension. Combat is simple and enjoyable as this is a stealth game. The Alien has the best unpredictable AI that I've experienced and has a lethal grab radius so keep your distance like it's Street Fighter! ;) However if you're not cautious and don't have your wits about you, you will die alot.Although in my playthrough there were a few Bethesda like glitches (Like floppy corpses, static humans or the odd jittery Alien), the only things I felt that really detracted from the experience of the game was the vagueness of certain items controls when it game to a certain hacking game of matching inputs and the inventory wheel. I use a Xbox 360 gamepad. The wheel itself felt slow when in the heat of quick thinking and panic so it really forces one to be one step ahead of the game in this aspect. The D-Pad does help with quick weapon switches and the hacking game, but again the game doesn't hold your hand for these things.Another thing that was not entirely clear is the optional collectables in relation to backtracking. Depending on how far you are in the story, you pick up the Nostromo  Logs and need only to simply reload your save. This saves time and a huge hassle when backtracking. Backtracking itself  was only bothersome with me when it came to the archive logs and bouncing back and forth from one switch to another in an area. However the threats are the reason why the backtracking can be nerve wracking  and many other games are far to linear in comparison which hurts their own atmosphere with a lack of engagement and exploration with the detailed environments developers make these days.As evident in its thoroughly rich and tense atmosphere and its intelligent and challenging game play, Alien Isolation is a true success of the concept and execution of film to videogame."
76561198022073787,Not Recommended,214490,28093079,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sn8ke_iis,"Great graphics, set design, soundtrack, atmosphere, very cinematic. Gets the feel and ambiance of the original Ridley Scott film very well. There were several times where I was startled in classic horror movie fashion. However, the gameplay tasks become repetitive real quick. The game could be great but is absolutely ruined by a horrible save system that has you repeating menial tasks over and over without progressing anywhere in the game. The alien also pops up randomly and kills you regardless of how quiet you are, which is scary and fun at first, but only highlights the horrible save system. Having to repeat menial tasks over and over with good graphics is not content. Having to stumble around in the dark trying to figure out what to do by trial and error in basically a one shot one kill darwinian environment is not content. It's just frustrating. Glad I got this on sale but still not worth the time or money. I have a library full of great games that are challenging and fun to play without needlessly frustrating you. Why would I play a game that's repetitive without much actual story? Very poor game design choice by restricting saves. Ruins what could otherwise be a great game. Will reconsider playing again if they update the save system. 5/10 If they change the save system could be 8 or 9/10."
76561198321480054,Recommended,214490,24838242,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,nikijb,"Whenever I see a bad review for Alien: Isolation, I say to myself ""How can you not like this game?!"" I've been gaming for many years and in my 40's now, but this deserves to be in my top 5 games of all time. I was blown away by The last of Us, yet the Alien keeps calling me back more than Joel's zombies did. There is just something about being in Sevastapol that gives me the escapism I desire. Whether it's the stomping and snorting of the Alien, or the freaky eyes of the working Joe's as they grab you saying ""You are becoming hysterical"", they get my heart going again and again. I am an Alien addict now, and I hope with all my wishes that we get a sequel."
,Recommended,214490,12633525,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,Great game 9/10
,Recommended,214490,33326917,Posted: 6 July,all,Seven,"This brilliant horror game gives similar or even more terrifying experience сompared with the original movie(Yea, 27 minutes in game was enough to make my opinion)"
,Recommended,214490,29886458,Posted: 12 February,all,Macgyverthehero,"A horror game with a monster that isn't scary because of what it looks like, but because of what it can do.And it can do the unpredictable."
,Recommended,214490,12823002,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Epideme,The most expensive laxative I've ever bought!
76561198002555011,Recommended,214490,12392882,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,MattyVanHalen,"Fantastic game!  Diapers not included.  9.7/10I'm editing this review to override my initial somewhat-troll review, because I feel the need to express all my opinions about this wonderful game.  Also changed rating from a 9.0 to a 9.7  :)Alien: Isolation is one of the best games I have ever played.  There.  I said it.  It is undeniably one of the most horrifying and scariest games of hide 'n seek you will ever play, and it hits home for Alien lore fans such as myself.You play as Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), who is an aerospace engineer that has received a job to do at the Sevastapol space station, with added hopes of finding what happened to her mother aboard the lost ship, the Nostromo.Without going through spoilers, you traverse through what seems like a peaceful, yet unmaintained, space station, when things just keep breaking down and getting worse.  There are multiple threats you will encounter throughout the game, all of which you need to act accordingly.  You will sometimes be faced with the thought that you will have to SHOOT your way out of things, or simply run away--but that is NOT always the best option, as you-know-who will likely be hunting you.  And ohhh **** is it scary.  If and when you need to hide, Amanda has many gadgets she can craft using random materials she finds aboard the station--flashbangs, smoke grenades, noisemakers, are just a few of them--or she can simply hide under desks, in lockers, behind hard corners, etc.  When all else fails, there is a trusty weapon she can acquire (again, no spoilers) that she used in the movie.This game is a very, very long game for an adventure horror game, and even at the easiest difficulty, your first playthrough will take nearly 20 hours, or possibly a lot longer.  Although replaying the game serves no purpose for the storyline, it can be fun (and stressful) to play through it again (and again) for achievements and/or collectibles.   As for lore purposes, the technology and environment is absolutely IDENTICAL to the movies, with the low-tech futuristic feel of what they use in space.I changed my rating from a 9.0 to a 9.7 for a very specific reason:  this game just keeps getting better.  It is a game I absolutely hate to love because of how terrifying it is.  I've played through this three times so far, and I honestly keep eyeing it to come back for more.  It is worth every penny.  For people who are survival horror game fanatics--BUY THIS GAME--it is the BEST in the genre.  For everyone else, buy it and face your fears anyway.Also, I wasn't lying about my first statement.  It doesn't come with diapers.  That's the only reason I didn't score this a 10/10.  Go buy them, you will need them."
,Not Recommended,214490,16902719,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Pier,"It starts as a suspenseful cinematic experience, and after the nth kill it becomes a tedious and frutrating game. After the initial phase the alien loses it's fear factor and simply becomes annoying.This game could have been a masterpiece if it wasn't plagued by some unbalanced and bizarre game mechanics that seem designed to make you fail on purpose and repeat the same part over and over."
,Recommended,214490,23161743,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Jeff @Яev9Gaming,"Alien. Holly f***. Its Alien. Should i buy it? Hmmm... But its Alien! Well, its like this: I was born in the 80's and the Alien saga was, is, will be, the saga of my life. I use to sneak up from bed at 3.00am when i was not allowed to just to go watch the movies when they were playing on the TV and get nightmares the next week. Having said that, should i buy it? Its a game, a revival of my most precious movie saga is gona be crap...as usual. Fk it! I bought it. 2hours: OMFG!!!!!! 10hours HOOLYYYYYYYY!!! 39hours: this is fkin legit no joke!!! Im a kid again :D DISCLAIMER: Dont smoke weed and go play this specialy if you are alone at night at home...trust me.8/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,20738737,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Akka,"FIRST THINGS FIRST. I beat the game so I know what I'm talking about. Want proof? Suck on this.http://steamcommunity.com/id/Akkadias/stats/appid/214490/achievementsThere's a lot of good to be seen in this game. The cinematics, atmosphere, environment, buildup, and the overarching story were chilling and intimidating.What could have possibly detracted from the experience to render a negative verdict?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=607388953In order to continue you need to click the ladder suspended in midair. I got stopped way too often because I couldn't find the button or lever I needed to make any progress.I do not like crafting. Only 3 items are of any use (noisemaker, molotiov, pipe bomb). Compound it with hilarious restrictions on how much of anything you can carry and while you're at it shoehorn in a circular menu for the items too.Cherry on the♥♥♥♥♥♥cake: Oh I'm holding a molotov in my hand and I see an alien. I better left click to throw it like in normal video games (left 4 dead)....OH♥♥♥♥♥♥LEFT CLICK BY ITSELF IS MELEE EVEN THOUGH I'M LOOKING AT THIS EXPLOSIVE IN MY HAND and I'm dead again.This game is loaded with cheap instant deaths that hinge upon sub-par gameplay.I would prefer to give this game a middling review but there is no neutral so negative it is."
,Recommended,214490,12390421,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Geeky Grant,"Only a hour in and I'm stunned at how great it is! The graphics are spot on and they are right about the tenction building, keep looking behind my back to make sure I'm not being followed, this will be the first horror game I have ever really bothered to play with or want to play... cant wait to complete it!!!"
,Recommended,214490,12390443,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Miki,"Okay this is a quicky review, I'll do another one when I've played more. Atmosphere is GREAT! Very beautiful like the first movie. There is a lot of trying to second guess where the alien is (twice I have found myself in a pitch black area and by the time I've found a flare and lit it it's given me enough light to see the alien rushing at me). This is a great game if you like being scared and running and trying sneak around. If you are looking for a shooter this isn't it!"
,Recommended,214490,12390498,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,NODER BAROSH,"Never played a horror game such scary as this, for a long long time.The atmosphere is amazing, scary. Very good optimized for PC, audio is just perfect.This game, for a horror game - it's perfection. Can't wait to test the SURVIVOR Mode.I'm definently sure, it worth the full price. And I'm very sure, I'll buy the DLCs too.Have a good time playing mates! Be wary tho. Nothing is safe in the epic SPACE!"
,Recommended,214490,12960527,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[2.FA]BluePeter,"Best Alien game ever! It's the first true Alien game, that the Aliens fans have been waiting for. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,31833453,Posted: 18 May,all,Slon,"good horror - awesome atmosphere, but repetitive and boring game ((."
,Not Recommended,214490,29376979,Posted: 20 January,all,Poofie Love bird,"Most over rated ""Stealth"" game ever.* In most stealth games you can pick up objects, and toss them to distract the enemy. In this game the hallways and rooms are littered with things like cans and little boxes you could toss. BUT In this game you actually need to craft a ""noise maker"" (if you even find the blueprints) which takes about 4 objects in the game. There are lots of physics objects but absolutely no way to interact with them.* In most stealth games a Melee kill is silent if not seen by other humans. Not so in this game. Everything is loud as hell.* Most games a headshot from a .357 magnum handgun is a lethal shot. NOPE not in this game, you wil need to shoot most humans atleast 2 times and robots from 7-10 (yeah they force you to run for cover to reload, to make a single kill)* Alien can hear your motion tracker from across the map, but in some instances you can actually walk right next to it, kicking boxes and cans and it is completely oblivious to where you are.* Most things you craft are completely worthless. Flash bang only works for an instant. Alien, androids and humands all see right through a smoke bomb smoke screen, and have pinpoint shooting accuracy. The stun baton only works long enough to half-way kill an android.* In the movies a point blank shotgun blast kills aliens. This game the alien is invincible. Even a pipe bomb will only scare it away.* Humans are flamable for some reason. They get even close to a molitove and they suddenly light ablaze as if they where covered in gasoliene.* Maps are all alike. There is  very little variation from hallway to hallway so getting lost is a constant thing. Reminds me of the early Quake games.* Things in the very beginning of the game are inaccessable. Leaving you to think you missed something. I ended up looking up a hint guide to find a blowtorch in level one only to find out you do not get one until level 11. (After reading a lot of spoilers) This is just sheer lazynesss of the developer. They are re-cycleing maps rather than making new ones.* The controls for certain things are simple, just hit the action button liike in most games. But some things require a combo of 2-4 buttons, for no real reason, other than to irritate you.* You can miss things like door combinations and keycards very early in the game, making the game impassible in further levels. Backtracking is a constant thing. (lazy, lazy developers).* Middle of the game you get to be some jerk prisioner to explain an earlier event. Not a bad idea, except you are walking REALLY slow. No way to run, in an uninteresting map. This walking simulator takes a lot of interaction to make the story advance, but you are only going in 1 direction, doing stupid little tasks like ""hold A to boost up a ledge"". This could have been a 20 second cutscene, but the developer decided you really need a hour long slow-walking simulator with 0 gameplay.* your decicsions mean nothing in this world. Simply find the button, keycard, passcode, or device to advance to the next area.* You character is un-likeable. The entire story revolves around some selfish little b!tch, who will stop at nothing to find out the fate of her mother.* Re use of human model makes this game seem like it is from 1998. OK you have met the ship doctor, no wait.... Later he has a new uniform, and he is the captain of the command... No wait.... later in the game he is one of the bad guys in a different uniform. WOW!! there are about 20 of this same guy through the game. Same head model and voice actor.* Hey! you an control the lights!!! this should make stealth easier right? NOPE, alien is either right on you, or standing right next to you like it just smoked some weed, and is lost looking for TACO BELL.. Humans see just as far, and are dead shots with their little handguns. Robots from some reason are the only thing effected by the lights.* You need a physical journal for this game like it was 1980 or something. You have to log down keycodes and combinations that you may not use for 3 or 4 levels."
76561198023633306,Recommended,214490,12515734,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Fjor,Hands down the most terrifying experience in gaming. 11/10
76561197974877837,Recommended,214490,12586531,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"The Short ReviewRecommended, but wait until it's on sale and don't worry if you don't finish the game.The Long ReviewOkay, I admit it; I'm a little bit of a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥. A game based on the ""Aliens"" franchise /and/ drop-dead gorgeous?  Goodbye $60.00!So, seeing as the visuals were one of the main criteria to my purchase, what's the verdict? Is the game really as beautiful as the trailers, screenshots and ""Let's Play"" videos suggest? In a word, yes. It is not just the awesome lighting and textures, though those send a clear announcement as to the arrival of ""next-gen"" graphics than any press-release from Microsoft or Sony. There's still room for improvement (my test is always whether or not I can clearly read the memo and sign textures on the walls; I can in ""Alien:Isolation"" but it's still blurry) but it's nice to play a game that isn't stuck in a 256MB texture budget. But more than that it is the overall artistry of the graphics; I don't think there was ever a moment in my play-through that I thought ""that doesn't look right"". The levels are chock-full of details, with all sorts of gadgets and clutter occupying even the most isolated corner; there are probably more polygons used in a single hallway in ""Alien:Isolation"" than a whole level of ""Aliens: Colonial Marines"". Clever uses of light, smoke and depth-of-field also give the game a very realistic-looking effect. It is very reminiscent of the movies, especially when the lights start flashing and steam bursts out of nearby pipes.The animations and character models aren't quite up to the high standards set by the level design; they aren't in anyway /bad/ but we've seen better in other games. The best of the bunch are the intentionally uncanny-valley androids; a more primitive model than that seen in the movies, their slightly stilted movements and rubbery skin mesh well with the less-than-stellar animations of the game. Anyway, in ""Alien: Isolation"", the goal of the game is usually to avoid the NPCs and monsters as much as possible, so the flaws are less noticeable anyway.The levels are also very accurate in movies' aesthetics, from its pixelated introduction to its padded walls, and fans of the franchise will find much to appreciate; I know the fanboy in me went ""Squeeee!"" in delight at every reference I found. Having said that, the game often plays it too close to film, and I would have appreciated not only a little novelty but also some variety; the engineering section looks remarkably like the mall which looks pretty identical to the hospital which isn't that much different in appearance to the communications tower. How about a romp through the hydroponics section or some faux-wood paneling in the fancy executive suites? But no, it was all raw industrial-grunge-sheik; all amazingly well rendered, sure, but very samey in the end.Ultimately though, it's all about the gameplay and this is paradoxically both ""Alien: Isolation""'s greatest strength and biggest flaw, and once again it revolves all around the pacing of the adventure. If taken moment-by-moment, the game is intense, exciting and memorable. This is unequivocally a stealth-game, more so even than any of the ""Thief"" series. The main character is weak and powerless and in any confrontation with the monsters she is at best going to come out beaten and bloody; far more likely she will end up dead, and quite suddenly too. Even late in the game, when she is armed with flamethrowers, shotguns, and grenades, battle is better avoided even against the weakest of enemies (and against the eponymous alien, there is no question: if it catches you, you are dead).The game very expertly reminded me of how ineffective my character was in combat and guided me to use the stealth option whenever I could. Stumbling through a dark hospital with only the sounds of the monster crawling in the vents above can be terrifying; I was well aware that the beast - guided only by its unpredictable AI - could appear at any moment and toss me back to my last save-point. As I crept past flickering lights and open doors, I always kept an eye open for the nearest hiding spot, be it a comforting locker, vent or even some boxes to duck behind: anything to keep me from being seen. I always had the option of running if push-came-to-shove, but that just generated more noise and anyway, I knew there was no way to outrun the alien. No, it was creep-or-die, and so I pretty much crept everywhere.Save-points are fairly liberally placed, although I regretted each death because every inch of progress was hard-fought for. Having to go back and re-do the same sequence was heartbreaking, not so much because I was covering the same ground but because even just sneaking across a room can require several minutes of adrenalin-filled, heart-pounding tension. Anyway, the semi-random nature of the AI means that encounters rarely happen the same way twice; death is sudden but rarely repetitive.This all sound great on paper, but where the game fails is in the overall rhythm of its gameplay. Although it may be hard to imagine during the first hour or so of gameplay (during which the alien is notably absent except for a few brief glimpses), once it does appear the eponymous monster is just too frequent an opponent. It was  constantly haunting me, which not only robs the beast somewhat of its terrifying aspect, but turns those heart-clenching encounters into almost tedious chores. I would escape the creature only to enter an entirely different section of the station to find it there ahead of me. ""Didn't I just leave this party?"" I would quip, but in my head I'm already looking at my watch and wondering how long it will take to get past this obstacle. It becames even worse in the late game when (SPOILERS!) I started to face off against multiple drones and face-huggers. Each encounter remained as intense as ever, but it changed from being a fun, self-inflicted horror to a sort of hyper-focused, migraine-inducing work. The best way to play, I found, was in short bursts - twenty or thirty minutes at a time - but that came at a cost to the game's overall atmosphere. Worse - I mentioned this bit before - the game also doesn't know when to end, so each success just required me to go on another quest into the bowels of the station, often revisiting areas already cleared. The further the game progressed, the more effort it required to continue and the less reward I was getting out of it.""Alien: Isolation"" also featured the requisite crafting system that is now apparently mandatory for every game (on the plus side, there is a happy absence of any skill-leveling system). This is particularly unexciting addition but does provide impetus for risky exploration of the levels. Alas, the reward for this are a handful of tools of the likes of noisemakers and flares. In all honesty, these tools were amazingly useful in keeping me alive, but my use of them was hampered by the controls; often by the time I had readied one of the gadgets, the opportunity to use it come and gone. Even when I did have the right tool at hand, the controls to throw or place the gadget were finicky and far less responsive than they could have been. This made the game more difficult, I think, than the developers intended but - based on my watching others people's play-throughs - I'm not the only one with this problem.So in the end, ""Alien Isolation"" was a very mixed bag. As far as its production values go, it is a stupendous achievement, and fans of the franchise will really appreciate all the homages to the movies. Its gameplay is undeniably exciting at times and any one individual encounter exceeds all the hype you may have heard. The problem is that the overall design just does not hold up over multiple hours of gameplay, with poor pacing and an unexciting story."
,Recommended,214490,28868583,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,arxiesy,"I never used to pray god... but that was before I tried this game.This game will make you feel lost, scared, helpless, without a way out. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,13545074,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Nikumubeki,"It's a great game (captures a lot of the spirit of System Shock 2), yet I'm such a ♥♥♥♥♥ that I can't really play this one for too long without getting creeped out or frightened.I guess that's why I like fingering myself. HEYOOOOOO!"
,Recommended,214490,12806762,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Pennywise,"I have to say this game was...stunning! Gameplay was clever and the graphics are beautiful. My favorie thing about it though is the atmosphere, they capture the Alien universe so perfectly, the 70s sci-fi appearance was perfectly done, the block computers the old green screens. The Ai was very well, the fact that you didn't know where it was, where it will be, what it will do.This game was perhaps the best game i've played all year and yet the best survival horror too. Stunning graphics, good gameplay, horrorfying enemies and great story. You'll never know where the alien is...it could be right behind you.10/10 Spooky and ScaryPro tip: Shoot it once you get a gun."
76561198025906143,Recommended,214490,28588477,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,8-bit,Hide and seek with a nine-foot tall super predator. Would die again 10/10.
76561198036185203,Recommended,214490,12559961,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,terencebrinkman235,"The very first alien game done right. I like how it's presented and would like to see more of this. The 80s science fiction works incredibly well, reminds me allot of the movie."
,Recommended,214490,12560755,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,gravity,"Hands-down, THE Alien franchise game we've all been waiting for.The pros -Terrifying Alien, both in AI behavior and modeling/artistic implementation (dat tail dough).   A honest-to-goodness appreciation for the 'fan-boy' whether you're an R. Scott, D. Fincher, or J. Cameron aficionado (or all three, like myself).  Creative QTEs that both keep the gameplay 'fresh' while keeping you on the edge of your seat (""I don't have time for this right now!"").  Most importantly: Intense.  Period.To be objective, there are a few flaws -The beginning (first two hours?) is a bit drawn out.  As is the middle section (no spoiler here, but those of you who've played know what portion I'm referring to).   Some occasional glitchiness (clipping, AI getting stuck on edges or corners, poor 'visibility' on the side of the AI).Overall?  Can't recommend any higher.  Skip 'The Evil Within,' and get the true evil - the xenomorph that cast a shadow upon all xenomorphs to follow.  H.R. Giger's true alien, and the best heroine(s) ever - Ripley."
76561197984627559,Recommended,214490,12573390,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Tychus,Bretty good
76561197967229967,Recommended,214490,12578624,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Chaos,This game is one of the best games I've played in a long while.  A faithful and beautiful representation of the Alien with an AI that stands up to the hype.  The game is not without flaws but these are largely minor.
,Recommended,214490,12588115,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Yaboi Sloth,Probably spent more money on new pants than I did for the game itself11/10 pants worth ruining
76561198088432240,Recommended,214490,12593838,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,puffybodie,Best representation of original Alien movie ideas and atmosphere I ever seen and played. This will be hard to beat in future. VERY GOOD job from developers.Finally something where shooting and regular using of equipment is in fact counterproductive and instead you really need to use brain and survivor instinct.
76561197993086758,Recommended,214490,12806487,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,wizzardman4,"Xenomorph is like cat--spray with fire when it misbehaves.Be sure to bring plenty of toys; xenomorphs love noisemakers.No litterbox available in game. Watch for unexplained 'drips' from ceiling vents.9/10, needs a scratching post DLC."
76561197965060389,Recommended,214490,12572705,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Iro,"A game that puts you in a nostalgia trip to the first Alien movie but with you as the main character.The AI is buggy as far as I have experienced (NPCs walking through walls and instantly notice you from the other side of the area), but if you enjoy Amnesia and the classic Alien movies then this is a game for you."
76561197996947303,Recommended,214490,12570703,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Torsteinzen!,"This game is Awesome! I like how they manage to make these smaal things like buttons, alternative routes, weapons and not at last the crafting. I cant get over how cool ( and scary ) this game actually was. At the start of this game i actually shited myself, like srrsly, i pooped... I played it with a friend of mine who bought it only 1 day before me, we were sitting on team speak screaming, raging ( because of the sound/music wich make the game even more scarier )I will reccomend this game to most people who have a little bit insight in the alien history, it makes things a lil bit more interesting.10/10 Best singelplayer game 2014"
76561197991920771,Recommended,214490,12575623,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sir Gregor the Unwise,"The lip-sync is kind of poor, but otherwise it's probably the best Alien game I've played."
76561198066246709,Recommended,214490,12579917,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,AwesomeJet,"My score: 6/10.The atmosphere in this game is fantastic. It feels real and thrilling. The texture is very metal-like, which makes the game more si-fi horror. I like how everything's in the 70s. Computers with giant monitors, low resolution cameras, etc, these all feels like we are in the first alien movie. However, when you are going out of Savastopal Station with a spacesuit, it doesn't really feels like you are literally in space. I mean the space dosen't look void but full of dust-like material flowing everywhere, which gives me a wind-feeling, but we all know that there is no air in space.There are basically 4 types of enemies through the whole game: Human, androids, alien(s), and the scorpion-like bugs which go right on your face (what's its name?). The enemies don't have many types but they are totally different, and that is good. Especially the aliens. For most of the time you'll only encounter one alien, but don't get me wrong. One is enough for you to handle. None of those aliens can actually be killed with any weapon you have, which is kind of annoying sometimes, especially when you are having some serious shortage of ammunation. Nevertheless, I'm very pleased to see that the alien has an incredibly high AI. It's fast, strong, and most of all, very, very, very sneaky.The story in this game has nothing more but things happened in Savastopal Station. It is extremely slow paced and cliche I have to say. You'll need 20+ hours to finish the game and for most of the time you are on Savastopal Station. At the first half of the time you are always exploring new areas, but eventually you'll have to go through most of the area 2 or 3 times, and it is very easy to get tired and just want to abandon the game what so ever.I wish I could say more, but too lazy to type anymore.Any changes that can improve the game? Yes, faster pace, more story, more character, less cliche moments."
,Recommended,214490,12564415,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Gray Voice,Objective Updated: Restart the Generator
76561197960448999,Recommended,214490,12580869,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,KlassySharp,"Finally an Alien franchise title that lives up to the fans expectations. Gameplay, story, controls, graphics everything is a solid 10/10."
76561198001765024,Recommended,214490,12579712,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,MidiaN,"This game is a true Master-piece at work. 10/10 i would give it.This isn't just another random run down the corridors, it's got incredible depth with the story and how the enviroment is.(A.I is very well done from what i've seen so far too) like... very well done.This game is exceptionally atmospheric in my opnion. Anyone getting this game is in for a treat i think.*I didn't know what to expect when i started up the game for the first time, but, it sure turned out alot better then what i actually thought it would be."
,Recommended,214490,12582277,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,TrueGector,"This game is just the thing all Alien fans wanted so much.It is an authentic, visual stunning and sound-trembling masterpiece among all survival horrors.Strongly recommended for all people enjoying that genre."
76561198055611950,Recommended,214490,12594057,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,onrichonpoor,"Awesome Atmosphere, Really intense sound effects, Caught the 80 feelings, good looking game and you really have the feeling that the Alien is hunting you and you are always scared. I like the way they made you safe your game it really makes it all more intense but it also can we very frustrating.All in all a very good game!!!"
76561197992734809,Recommended,214490,12570973,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rob Brennan,"Amazingly Atmostpheric and so very accurate to the original movie .. I would reccomend this title very highly to anyone who loves snealth/horror or just Aliens .. Get it , you will not be disapointed."
76561198063511161,Recommended,214490,12598314,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Sgt Marv,when you play this game you begin to realise how superior Ridley Scott's visionary work on Alien is compared to the alien movie sequels. one creature. one decommissioned ship full of stressed and disgrunlted employees wreaking of fear and paranoia. one woman's quest to find her out what happened to her mother on board the nostromo. = ONE GAME You will never forget. One game that truly captures the meaning of fear. this is better than dead space.
,Recommended,214490,12406111,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Thresh Sesh,"This is one of the most intense survival horror games I have ever played. Perfectly captures the feel of Ridley Scott's original film in a way no one has even come close to before. The Alien is completely unpredictable and smart, and it truly makes for a horrifying experience. 10/10 would die again."
76561198040819442,Recommended,214490,12559642,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,sargie,"Just finished the game, had a hard time putting it down. My advice, watch Alien first, it makes the game so much better seeing all the similar objects, and links to the movie. Great graphics, sounds, 70's Tech. Scary, not knowing whats around the next corner. A must for an Alien fan!"
76561198024638973,Recommended,214490,12571156,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Orbb,"Well, the story is quite good and the game graphic well defined(but where's the shadow projected by Ripley, or the reflected image in the helmet). Definitely a must for every Alien saga lover(like me)!*** WARNING, just little story SPOILERs HERE ***On the other side the gameplay is one-way, and the end is so absurd. Not the story end itself(sacred rule: always left open to a new episode), but all that Amanda must do in order to exit the station. And speaking about absurdity: the Aliens outside the station? In the space with a temperature of 2.7 Kelvin? Really?Too much film like scenes searched for this game, so at the end is a little pushy: the gameplay is set like a survivor game(go quitely, take shortcuts to avoid the danger), but the end you are like Rambo with flamethrower.I really was expeting something else more in term of gameplay."
,Recommended,214490,12575792,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,NightH4wx,"First of all, let me say how amazing this game is.It stays true to what we know of the Alien universe, has some references to Prometheus and it immerses you in ways that are difficult to describe.I think it's funny how some reviewers have criticised the game for being too difficult, too long and hence it gets boring/tedius. This is NOT true. The pace and length of the game never gets problematic (boring/tedius), because you get thrown into different situations - which require you to be stealthy as an owl whilst there are other situations where you can go guns blazing, without fear of the deadly creature impaling you!Ultimately, Alien: Isolation delivers varied and rich gameplay, tense moments and it's a game that will keep you at the edge of your seat from start to finish.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12578756,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,grimm,I curled up into a ball on the ground muttering to myself10/10
76561198067401388,Recommended,214490,12589294,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ASuccessfulSloth,"Amazing game all around ! great atmosphere, stuning graphics, immersive gamplay and above all absolutly terrifying."
,Recommended,214490,13947555,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,[AUTISM] 420,MASTERPIECE GOTY 420 OUT OF 10
,Recommended,214490,20484746,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,the_hesitation,Got spotted by the alien. Panicked. Ran my♥♥♥♥♥off to another room. Flew into a locker. Alien enters moments later. Runs to the locker I'm in. Panic more. Lean back and hold my breath. Alien leaves.11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
,Recommended,214490,15680567,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Remarkable Rey,"I thoroughly recommend this game for anyone that's a fan of the Alien series. This game is so unbelievably true to the universe it's just perfect. The game is terrifying because of its somewhat unpredictable AI, its incredible atmosphere, and its ability to change and progress/regress the mechanics. The story is fantastically rooted in the universe and Amanda Ripley is a character that is very easy to find yourself in the shoes of. All in all 9/10. Great game, albeit it did have a few glitches, though they weren't game-breaking nor were they horribly immersion ruining."
76561198072971288,Recommended,214490,17149172,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,AustraliumToothpaste,"Have you ever seen a white xenomporph on this game? No you never see a single white xenomorph this game is RACIST...Help valve please fix and like this review so gaben can see, other then the lack of white xenomorphs you will have a great time crapping your pants."
,Recommended,214490,12812591,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,theironpaw,Fantastic game. Really fun I recommend it.I have finished and keen to wait for DLC. great game mechanics.
,Recommended,214490,17085612,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Summilerx,"I WAS suffering from constipation.""WAS""10/10 would poop pants again"
,Recommended,214490,12508568,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Speedbird,"Fantastically Atmospheric, leading to very difficult heart pounding situations. All part of the fun and excellently executed in this game."
,Recommended,214490,17080959,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,chirpy,im bad at this game but i like it
,Recommended,214490,12514614,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,-=HBW=-HiradGorgoroth,"WOW , I mean WOW .... this game was the thing all Alien fans needed ... I know some people say that the game is kinda long , most of the times stealth gameplay and it may get boring but the game brings what it promises to you , HORROR ... It actually scared the **** out of me many times and was an amazing game , totally recommended ... get it or you are losing  a hell of a gamenice job developers , hope we see more of this"
76561198131733393,Recommended,214490,13295627,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Blood Seeker,Unreal Engine 4 With the taste of space horror !
76561198060702324,Recommended,214490,23042976,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ripley,"Alien: Isolation is a horror game to top all horror games, the suspense, the drama, and most importantly the drop - dead gorgeous graphics make the overall experience all the more dramatic, creating a game that will be renowned as an all time classic in the minds of alien fans."
,Recommended,214490,22284581,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Sf,hide n seek simulator
76561197974403476,Recommended,214490,21242255,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,magneticboy,"Ignore IGN's ridiculous score, this is a brilliant game. Play it on hard."
,Recommended,214490,21860851,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,bruhslih,Very nice athmosphere and many scary moments. Be aware you can't kill the alien.
,Recommended,214490,27363664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BuLL3t CSGOSum.com,MEga spooky and wouldnt play after midnight in the dark :)
76561198026562916,Recommended,214490,13832497,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Amelia.Vimh,When I wasn't playing this game all I could think about was playing this game. They did an amazing job. They'd better make a sequel though. The ending was not satisfying after all the hard work I put into it.
,Recommended,214490,13830200,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Andrew,"I had few hopes for this game when it was announced, but it turned out that my worries were unfounded. Creative Assembly have knocked this out of the park; an astoundingly confident game for a studio unused to making games of this sort. Constantly tense, frequently terrifying, gorgeous to look at and satisfyingly tactile to play, Alien: Isolation is a better sequel to Ridley Scott's 1979 film than Aliens was (as much as I love Cameron's sequel).It's not perfect - its small flaws include poor in-game lip synching (and human animation in general), a slightly flabby crafting system (items have overlaps in purpose/use and it could have been trimmed) and a surfeit of climaxes towards the end of the game (the last hour or so outstays its welcome, and the ending itself could have been a lot better). But on the whole? Easily the best game released in 2014."
76561198085955390,Recommended,214490,12474234,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Mixologist ☠,"This is the Alien title I have been waiting on forever.  It does have a slow start, but it is a perfect blend of suspense & horror. You will die! You will get frustrated! Trust your instincs if you feel you are lost map wise. All that being said, you will have FUN as well. 9 outa 10!Will be 10 outa 10 when I am able to get my hands on an official Virtual Reality set up."
76561198122476087,Recommended,214490,13753962,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,slyDog,"Alien: Isolation is the best horror game of 2014.The atmospheric style and, the roller coaster of a storyline is perfect. If you're thinking about buying this game or are on the fence. DON'T BE.Buy this game, turn off the lights, put on some headphones and prepare for the ride of your life."
76561197972394176,Recommended,214490,12558862,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Ben.exe has stopped working,"Damn good game 5/5 for me and gets me in the mood to watch the movies again, just a note for people though remember this is a stealth game with some action so don't moan because it's not a Shooter.For me best game I have played in a while."
76561197967112497,Recommended,214490,12619662,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Blaedmon,"Awesome. Theyve done a magic job of this. If you're a fan - get it. Dont be stupid, just get it. You owe it to yourself."
,Recommended,214490,12430855,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,The Orcaman,"If Outlast and Dead Space had a baby, then a facehugger attached to that baby, you get Alien Isolation. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15098497,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,HyperBlasters,great game
,Recommended,214490,16774197,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ThatGuyBenny,u can see ur legs when u look down
76561197992901415,Recommended,214490,13003200,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,GiL.-,"Pure horror and thriller game. A masterpiece for alien lovers. Great graphics and story telling, outstanding sound effects and voice acting.Certainly a must-buy."
76561198015713460,Recommended,214490,17144884,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Moose,"6.5/10  Good game.Theres alot of hype around this game, some of it is justified, some not so much imo.Likes:Nice story, nothing ground breaking though.Decent voice acting.Being searched for by the Alien while your hiding gives a nice sense of fear.Decent graphics.Superb ambient audio.Lots of gadgets to tinker with.True to the movies.Dislikes:The map, when your on a different level to your objective it can be painful to work out where you need to go. There is a marker on your hud showing your direction but no way to tell which level your on in comparison to your objective.Once you get the flame thrower the hardest part is trying to find fuel for it or not running out of what you have.Again the flame thrower removes alot of the suspense to the point where you can walk up to the alien blast it a couple of times and carry on.When your using a computer or lock mechanism/mini game you can be attacked, the only way to tell is a few faint grunts from your character, no visualisations.Towards the end for me it started to drag on a little making me hope there wasn't much left to do.( Reach point X - You made it- Oh wait no you didn't something bad is happening)Ripley is like the grim reaper, to know her is to get killed faster than an extra on an away mission in Star Trek.You don't really need all the gadgets, I finished the game on hard setting without using a couple of them, like the flash bangs.Weak ending.As many Cons as there are pros but I would still recommend playing the game, it's good for about 20 hours of gameplay, if you can pick it up in a sale.  I couldn't see myself paying full retail price for this game if I knew what it was like, probably wouldnt be too happy if I did.Tips:Watch the overhead vents.Check behind you often when you hear something, the androids aren't fast but they can be damn quiet and have an extraordinary reach.Save at every opportunity.In Space no-one can hear you scream....or yawn once you get the flamethrower."
76561198294293780,Recommended,214490,29753052,Posted: 6 February,all,Creeps Da Fox,It was to spoopy fo meh
76561198071955492,Recommended,214490,12633025,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Crackerjack,A terryfying experience gone flamethrower fuel hoarding. 7/10
,Recommended,214490,24981945,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,metricdinosaur,very pretty and spooky game. worth all the cash dollar boy9/10
,Recommended,214490,23047697,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BulletBoy,I didn't get to play the game since it kept crashing every single time I launched it. I have all of the proper components to run this game and it has failed every time. I have requested my refund. as a review....from what I've SEEN from other people and what all of my friends have said. this is a sure buy regardless if it had crashed on me doesnt me it will crash on you.
,Recommended,214490,31907998,Posted: 22 May,all,ALEX,It's wednesday my dude's AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!44!!!
76561198003217456,Recommended,214490,14147802,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Jennycide,"This game is fantastic, other than the pesky alien thing running around hunting you.Yeah, it's pretty terrifying, so if you're not scared off by a mutant banana headed creature spearing their saber-shaped tail through your soft human flesh, then this game is for you.Also, I'm stuck on one part and the walkthrough for it is like deciphering Russian nuclear launch codes."
76561198108921672,Recommended,214490,14487748,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Bilbo_swaggins015,rated 10/10 by the perfect organism
76561198011290740,Recommended,214490,15178886,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,EvilSpock,This game replicates the fear and terror of owning a cat. 10/10 must buy
,Recommended,214490,14674340,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,λuzEll,"WARNING: This review contains spoilers. XAlien: Isolation is a High quality AAA horror game based off the 1979 movie, ""Alien"". In this game, you play as Ellen Ripley's daughter (Amanda Ripley) in a time zone set between the first and second ""Alien"" movie. Ripley and the 'Torrens' must go on a mission to the 'Sevastapol Station' to unravel the truth behind her mother's disappearence. Only to find that the station has gone to chaos, citezins going crazy, synthetics have turned evil, and there is also the pressence of a Big, fast, lethal and unpredictable alien.Alien: Isolation is quite possibly THE BEST horror game I have ever played. I couldn't keep myself from it until I finished the campaign. Most 'Alien' games in the past have been quite disappointing and put every one to a conclusion that there is never going to be a good Alien game. However ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, Creative Assebly's 'Alien: Isolation'.The game features a HUGE range of gameplay sources including items found in the station used for crafting, ammunition and flares. A crafting system for (hidden In game) blueprints such as medkits, smoke bombs, flashbangs and some other amazing utilities. A variety of weapons (hidden in game) such as a revolver, a shotgun, a stun baton and more. Terminal cmoputers (WITH CRT MONITORS?!), rewire systems and... Save Stations (which I have always hated). As well as a motion tracker, an access tuner and a headset flashlight to help in your quest for survival.As well as the Alien there are many enemies to avoid in Alien: Isolation. After a disruptance in the stations core, Sevastapols's environmentally friendly andriods have turned AWOL and are executing all located humans in the station. They are indestructable to most of your utilities. They can be stopped by using the Stun Baton, EMP mines, or the Bolt Gun. There are other Human's on the station, alive and terrified. They will kill anyone they see for survival. There are also Facehuggers on the station as well (keep them away from you).The main antagonist of the game is the alien Xenomorph that proclaimed to wander out of the ""Nest"" and is roaming 'Sevastapol' killing everyone in sight. The Xenomorph features incredible Artificial Inteligence that can be alerted by even the slightest bit of noise (hint: don't run). He can go anywhere in the station via the ceiling vents. The Xenomorph is more unpredictable than probably any other horror game enemy I have seen. He can fall out of the ceiling, he can crawl through access vents and he is much faster than you. If he spots you he will chase after you at a terrifying speed and once he catches you, you are introduced to a death screen. There are many methods of occupying the alien, such as   hiding in lockers, cabinets and under tables, using noisemakers, using rewires, and fire...  - ""Animals are terrified of fire"".Although this game may seem like a perfect horror game, it is not. The full game is $50 and has a size of 32 GBs. The game is 15 hours long, which is way over the average horror game time length. The first half of the game is great fun and quite interesting, while the rest of the game is just adding, less cutscenes, more frustrating tasks and more 'I just wanna beat the game'. The game uses manual ""save stations"" as its main source of saving (again, I hate save stations). And the game is known to be really frustrating at times, and sometimes ""unbeatable"".Over all though, this is a fantastic action - survival - horror. I'd rate it a 9/10. This is not the best horror game of all time, but if you don't mind spending $50 on an ""Alien"" based horror that takes 32 GBs space, spending over 15 hours on confusing and frustrating tasks and scares and relying on locating save stations throughout the campaign every time you have to leave the game, then I recommend Creative Assembly's Alien: Isolation 100%.If you are still reading this, I hope you enjoyed my review. Now go and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,214490,15000454,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,martha,Immersive and atmospheric.  Perfectly captures the feeling of Alien.
,Recommended,214490,14767494,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Aldridhe,"Save Game Simulator, that makes you poop your pants if you're caught."
,Recommended,214490,16741062,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jendar,"Alien: Isolationis an example of a game well made. With its scrupulous attention to tiniest details and internal integrity, it's an asset that could have honoured any franchise. For theAlienfranchise, which has relatively recently suffered from the pile of crap commonly known as ""Aliens: Colonial Marines"", it is yet more valuable.The game creators' attitude to the legacy of original 1979 movie is incredibly careful. I can hardly imagine anything that could be more canonical than this one. Everything looks purely authentic: old-fashioned computer terminals, ladders, doorways, lighting, switches, even buttons and keyboards are reproduced in a most meticulous manner. All that combined contributes for some true experience of entering this world and living in it.The Alien itself is also what is should be: fearsome, basically immortal, formidable man-hunting enemy that can barely be escaped and that punishes a careless one swiftly and mercilessly. It's not something you can throw grenades at or kill in dozens, like you do in some other people's attempts to make anAliengame. Its evil persistence keeps the tension up and constantly reminds you of your vulnerability.The gameplay is best described with two words: Stealth, and Survival. It's about exploring, staying alive in hostile environments, sneaking around with little to no chance to fight back in case of trouble, solving problems with alternative routes and device manipulations, and using limited resources for your benefit. Overall, it's a lot like playingDeus Ex Human Revolution, but without any kind of those fancy hi-tech implants.As for the negative sides, I'll just quote a phrase from a review I read before buying:""The game has some minor drawbacks, of course, but it's so good in general that I simply don't want to think and write about them.""One of the best titles I've played. I recommend it most favourably."
,Recommended,214490,14468832,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Daaay Man,I pooped myself many times when playing this
76561198069735211,Recommended,214490,16851322,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,DaHotFuzz,This is a great remedy for those who are constipated.10/10 Would defecate all over myself again.
76561198169195179,Recommended,214490,25596621,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,SenorSnipey,I recommend this too any fps fan that loves being scared loves juicy graphics and is tired of call of duties n jump scare games like Outlast. Sega well done! Finally a great game with your name behind it
,Recommended,214490,27011126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pizza?,"I could write a lengthy review and do your typical pros/cons type of thing, but I think I can accurately sum up my feelings on Alien: Isolation with a single sentence:This is the first game, in my entire life, that has ever made me feel true fear."
76561198365899732,Recommended,214490,32194267,Posted: 5 June,all,ANGRY CORRUPTED BEAST JASPER,Very good Alien Survival gamebut man those humaniod robots scare the living crapout of me they are just creepy.
76561197993510286,Recommended,214490,13457615,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Craig,Scary
,Recommended,214490,22698617,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Skeleton,"It's not another outlast! You can actually fight back! The start of the game is amazing. I felt like in a movie and the detail is great. I loved exploring the whole ship you start in. At first I was thinking this game was going to be like outlast...but bam, you can actually kill others and shoot guns. I got scared alot at first, but then when you get a gun....pffft....aliens? humans? robots? pfff man I got a gun."
,Recommended,214490,12634641,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BUZZ KILL,Good GamePros:+ Graphics+ Game Play+ Story+ Sound / Music+ EnvironmentCons:- Very Frustrating at times- Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Alien A.I. that will be super easy or super hard regardless of your game difficulty options
,Recommended,214490,12640070,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Autistumed Child,I love this game to muich for it to end <3
,Recommended,214490,12643932,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Evi[l]ne,"This is the best game I've played in ages, I felt the same feeling as the first time I watched Alien, terrifying edge of your seat horror. It's a great balance of tense creeping around in dark atmospheric corridors and running for your life with alarms, flashing lights and threats around every corner. A perfect mix of tense expectation of sudden death and jump scares that you're really not expecting.You absolutely cannot stand against the alien and win, it's just too powerful, if it sees you you've pretty much had it; unless you've got fire, you're done for.The level design, lighting, sound design and gameplay is all excellent, it puts you right into that 80s vision of the future, it's amazingly detailed and well thought out, I spent some time just looking at the subtle details they put into all the environments. The first thing I noticed upon waking from hypersleep in the game was the way that someone had mopped the floors with a dirty mop, and that if I looked at it with light reflecting on it, i could see the subtle difference in the reflectiveness of the floor. It's that kind of detail that really sells the game as a realistic and believable environment. I definitely want to re-play this with the release occulus, I think with that it would be a fully believable environment.I played it through on Hard mode, and it doesn't disappoint, it was punishingly hard, the game limits you to only saving at checkpoints, and even then you have to pick the right time to save, save at the wrong time and you'll get killed as your doing so. As a result I ended up replaying a lot of the game over and over, but I like that kind of punishing difficulty.Things become a little easier once you get the flame-thrower, the alien is a lot easier to deal with but flame-thrower ammo is limited. I'd actually say it's not limited enough, but there were times where I was discouraged from making a run for it and using the flame-thrower to scare the alien away just because I knew I'd need the ammo later.Once you get to the stage where you can keep the alien at bay the androids start to become the real problem and in a lot of ways they were more scary than the alien. They're so difficult to defeat, only a combination of weapons can take them down, and later in the game they get even more difficult to deal with. The threat of them is enough of a deterrent to make you creep around to avoid them.The best part of this game for me was it's length, I honestly expected it to be a lot shorter. I kept thinking 'oh no it's going to end here' but then it would introduce a new twist and the fun/terror would continue, right up to the end I was wondering if they were brave enough to actually allow the main character to die.I wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone, but especially those who enjoyed the films."
76561197992700959,Recommended,214490,12672090,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Noz'aj,"A few let down moments, but overall a very enjoyable game. Very frightening :)"
76561198040241212,Recommended,214490,12719875,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,UnHoly Xander,"Haven't beat the game yet, but from what I have played this is my Game of The Year!I am a HUGE Alien fan and they have nailed it with this game.Best Alien game to date, and one of the best games I've played all year.Recommend to anybody who enjoys a atmospheric, intense, and dread filled game that absolutely personifies the source material."
,Recommended,214490,12652746,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Kaisen Don,"Beautiful visuals, amazing audio, smooth controls and a story that sticks to the original Alien template. With a good mix of memorable set pieces and improvised events, it never felt like a linear, scripted campaign. It gave you the right amount of free will to make you think you are in control of the character's fate. Combine this with the stunning visuals, andio, unobtrusive HUD and controls, and you have one of the most immersive games on the market."
76561198007595704,Recommended,214490,12675831,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Reaper of Souls,"Guys really i play games almost 15 years and spending lot of my life hours on them, this is so rare feeling from a game. I m also fan of alien movies. It s all so well placed in this game that i honestly recommend this not only to the fans of alien but to all gaming community. Masterpiece sound who creates an horror atmosfere combined with visual sci-fi and the same time past timed, like that the space ship is old and you are ahead of it.........(wtf). And last but the core of the game gameplay..........  and i say that from the bottom of my heart wasent fun of stealth games but this is unique this is what you have to feel from a stealth game, you are the prey not the hunter and thank you so much CA that didnt make one more run and gun crap game that put aliens like an idiot prey for a rifle. Just dont expect you are the boss here you must survive until the next save spot, and there the relief that you achieved something great. The AI is at high standars and the alien adapts to your methods just like the rest of the hostiles you will find. So this is my score to the game.Sound: 15/10Visuals: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Story: 9/10Controls: 9/10Atmosfere: 15/10Worth all the money i gave to it maybe the only bad thing is that they start to cut the game is expansions and ask for more money."
,Recommended,214490,12635447,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Nymbrixion,"This is an amazing game, and the Oculus Rift makes it so much more amazing."
,Recommended,214490,12635575,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,CopperBack,"A good game for what its meant to be, a playable Alien horror.  Maybe a couple playthroughs, but not much else. I enjoyed the play, but I'd prefer a straight up fight than hiding. Was hopping for some marines to show up at the end and make a epic ending as a shooter, but it stayed true to the alien movie with lots of twist and turns."
,Recommended,214490,12635670,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ulysses S. Blunt,"Excellent for most of the game, but the end peters out to a frustrating conclusion. Overall, though, one of the most beautiful games I've played with excellent atmosphere and many great moments. Really genuinely scary at many points.8.5/10"
76561198116103447,Recommended,214490,12636176,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Donald7777,"Very impressed with this game and would defininetly recommend it too people who like survival horror and the alien franchise. I did my play through on the hard difficulty setting and would recommend that setting too people. Havent played on the other difficulty settings but hard was fairly challenging especially when you meet up with the alien who is very impredictable and seems too be able lure you out and kill you...idk thats the impression I got on a few occasions.Took 16 hours for me too complete the game and i found it very enjoyable all the way through, the game play i thought was perfect and the story is very well done in my opinion.  Overall would rate it 9/10.The only bad thing i can say about this game is that my computer crashed twice through a 16 hour campaign which is still very reasonable. This is at launch so im assuming that there will be a patch or too coming to fix any issues that are present."
76561198044672629,Recommended,214490,12651368,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Marksman Mac,Amazing game with good pacing and tension building. The story ties in perfectly with the Aliens storyline and I had tons of fun playing this great game.
,Recommended,214490,12652261,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tsusuke,This game is good. It acts and feels like Alien should... Tense. I was second guessing every action. It gets 9/10
76561198072316439,Recommended,214490,12729987,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Grundle,"Got a flamethrower, lit the first person I saw on fire.  11/10 would flame again."
76561198009020124,Recommended,214490,12737059,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Maddog,"I thought the game dragged on at times, especially when you exit the ship in your space suit.....just took entirely too long of a stroll to finish those missions. Overall though, the game was intense and I enjoyed the tense nature of it....I recommend playing late at night with all the light out!  Like Doom and FEAR, only way to play it!"
,Recommended,214490,18720112,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Panda,very spook
,Recommended,214490,22575224,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,slimak[PL],"MASTERFUL. its basically System Shock 2 quality of immersion, minus RPG elements. GREAT stealth game."
,Recommended,214490,22649507,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tabbarn,"So good. Just so good.The immersion. The fear. I have never been so scared of a game. I was shaking as I threw myself into a locker while hearing heavy foortsteps on the other side of the door. Will it get me? If not, how long until it tries again?Highly recommended."
76561198137430577,Recommended,214490,22657562,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,jamieeckenrode,"Love this game, feels just like the Alien movie."
,Recommended,214490,22741923,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Kossith,No doubt one of the best horror games out there.
,Recommended,214490,22821939,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,GunnerTaft,"Love this game.  Usually I go for fast paced shooters, but I do still enjoy slower suspenseful games.  If that's what you like, and you're a fan of the Alien franchise, this is a great game to play.  Good for an adrenaline rush."
76561198049575899,Recommended,214490,22822140,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Bassy,"It is by far the best Alien game made thus far. They nailed it with the feeling that the Alien was hostile and unpredictable. Overall a good game that any Alien fan should play. It Truly is A Perfect Organism. Also for some extra plesure, go watch Alien, the first one , then go back and play this. SOOOOOO GOOODDD"
76561198088938978,Recommended,214490,23320162,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Captain_Jozef,"I've just finished Alien: Isolation, and I must say that it was an amazing experience, though not a perfect one.I'm not a fan of the original Alien story and lore, so a lot of the names and characters don't mean much to me. However, the story is well-done, if a bit bland at times. The voice-acting is good and the sound design is superb. Amanda Ripely is an absolute beast. The stuff she goes through in this game is completely bonkers. She truly has nerves of steel.The first half of the game is superb, especially the first few missions. For most of the time, you are hunted by an alien against which you are completely defenseless. The AI for the alien is totally unpredictable and very intelligent, which only adds to the fun. You have to use stealth, distraction, and patience in order to progress through levels. Running and gunning will only get you killed. Later on, you get a flamethrower, and you can use this to fend the alien off. I find that this weapon, though useful, takes away some of the tension and fear that the eariler missions have, but it was nothing really too bad.  You'll never kill the alien with it and if you're not careful, you will quickly run out of ammo and thus be left vulnerable, so I guess the flamethrower can be forgiven.The other enemies on the station will be humans and Working Joes. The humans are relatively easy to deal with, and in many cases they can be avoided entirely, but the Working Joes are the devil. They are tough to take down and will drain your ammo and stun bolts, so always find a way to avoid them, if you can.The major problem I've found in this game is that some of the missions, especially the later ones, are dragged out way too long. You'll be back-tracking and retracing your steps just to fix some kind of machine or restart some dumb generator. I felt that these missions were unnessecary and were included only to lengthen the game.Though not horror like Outlast, Alien: Isolation has its own measure of fear and stress. I've jumped multiple times and even screamed once or twice, so I guess the game is doing something right.As far as graphics go, the game looks amazing, very beautiful. The amount is detail is astonishing, and the performance was spot-on. There were almost no lag spikes at all.All in all, I highly recommend Alien: Isolation. It is a great game to play with friends at your side and it will provide you will a good dose of fear, tension, and fun. 8/10"
,Recommended,214490,22796284,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Jabeedo,"I actually screamed while playing this game, out of fear, something I've never done before as an adult. The Alien films are among my favorite of all time, and this game makes me feel like I'm there. 10/10"
76561197986427418,Recommended,214490,22334168,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Failure,"Possibly the very best game made with the Alien franchise and an absolutely excellent game in its own right.Beautiful, terrifying and absolutely compelling.  It was a joy to explore the ruined station of Sebastopol run by a second rate and failing competitor to the Wayland Yutani corporation.Production values in the game are first rate and the only valid complaint is possibly around pacing towards the end, with some objectives requiring re-treading your steps.I would love to see a sequel, but apparently the financial returns on the first game won’t support one."
,Recommended,214490,22577351,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,YinkYinkYinken,"I've never completed any games on the 'Hard' difficulty setting, until this one.It was frustrating on only two occasions, but patience and adaptability won the day.Looks great, sounds even better.The Alien AI isn't perfect, but it's good enough to make you respect the creature.If you can pick this game up for around a tenner, then you'll be very happy and will have a great time."
76561198161811563,Recommended,214490,22832823,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Dr. Duck,"great game, looks amazing and a good story line. love it"
76561198170105773,Recommended,214490,22951402,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Evil_tintin,"Quite simply one of the most atmospheric true to source, intense, Frantic and scary AF games ive ever played - so many twists and turns. As close to the alien experience a game can get!"
,Recommended,214490,23032439,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Daron,Would be awesome if they added vr support
76561198080691296,Recommended,214490,23091007,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Black Shuck ♀,"Absolutely terrifying.As someone who is a huge Aliens junkie, this was both a blessing and a curse-- I've spent 100 or so hours in a game that you can complete in a day all because it's absolutely terrifying. As someone with severe anxiety problems, it's driven me to near panic attacks more than once. This doesn't take away from the quality of the game, however.The atmosphere is phenomenal. Absolutely gorgeous graphics and an incredible sound system that makes you feel as though you're actually in the game... no horror game comes close.To say nothing of the xenomorph itself. There are no words to describe how horrific that thing is. You're looking over your shoulder at every little noise and keeping an eye out for even the slightest of movements, cringing every time you so much as roll an empty can of soda across the floor in fear that one little sound will be your doom.Translation: much scary. very wow. play game. good game. 11/10."
76561198189817385,Recommended,214490,23607279,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ruby_Washington,This game is a lot of fun and although frustrating at times you will have a lot of fun.
,Recommended,214490,23620209,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Susano,"In my opinion, this is the best Alien game and I think most people would agree. It shares many elements with the original 1979 film. They're both horror, they both have extremely similar settings, and both have a lone Ripley being chased by a lone alien. It remains true to the original film and the lore of the Alien series in that ""they don't make films the way they used to"" kind of way, while also meeting, and surpassing in some cases, all standards of a modern horror game. Truly a mastapiece."
76561198263318359,Recommended,214490,23644863,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,dilip,GReat game of all time...am expecting a sequel
76561198038309870,Recommended,214490,12510788,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Tkay,One of the best horror experiences around.
76561198015085158,Recommended,214490,18745860,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Nibblez,love this game beat it on the xbox one working on it again. my fav part of the game is you can use the aliens as wepeons. but very intense games keeps you on you toes and keeps you thinking of plans to move forword.
,Recommended,214490,18866244,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Cwoffee,"Alien: Isolation is best known for being one of the most pleasantly surprising titles of recent times. It thrusted itself out of ever-growing myriad of poor movie tie-in releases (many from the Alien franchise itself) and demonstrated exactly how survival horror should be done without being another Amnesia-esque clone. Short answer: I highly recommend. Not-So-Short answer? See below!PROS:1. Atmosphere: I hate to use the clichéd 'A'-word but the game's atmosphere really is amongst the most immersive I've ever played. Lighting and shadows are used to excellent effect and the soundscape is incredible. The number one tip I would give is ""WEAR HEADPHONES"". It's no fluke how Creative Assembly received a plethora of awards for its sound design. In moments of tension (of which there are bucketloads), your heightened senses mean you'll be picking out every little detail and will most likely end up being spooked by sliding doors and other mechanical sounds thinking they're enemy related.2. Stealth and Survival: Without throwing too many spoilers out there, you encounter a Xenomorph early on in the game (crazy, I know) and the missions that followed gave me more hibbly-jibblies than anything I've played, watched or read thus far. It reminded me what I love about the genre across all mediums. It executes the whole run-and-hide-from-an-unstoppable-foe incredibly well, particularly in an early mission where you're working your way through a medical facility. You will spend a lot of time hiding in cupboards, lockers and under tables. You will spend a lot of time checking your motion tracker to see where the menacing and unpredictable Xeno is at, and...3. Unforgiving: ...You will die. A LOT. Okay, maybe that in itself isn't exactly a 'pro'. As stated above, the A.I. is unpredictable. Many people have categorized this as a negative aspect, saying there should be a good level of predictability so that the player can learn enemy patterns and develop a sense of reward when the he/she eventually responds correctly. In my opinion, this unpredictability brings a truly organic feel to enemy behaviour seldom seen in stealth games and fully outweighs the above counterargument. Sure, it can be frustrating and at times feel like a lesson in trial-and-error, but I feel it manages to aid engagement more than it hinders, and the end rewards feel all the more gratifying.4. Visuals: The art direction and visual narrative stays true to the original movies. Being on the Torrens and Sevastopol really does feel like you're in a 20th-century-conceived futuristic world in which the Nostromo existed (even including the quirky late 1970's/80's style low-res computer stations).5. Environment: An impressive amount of detail is seen in all parts of the environment, in which you can get close to and read displays on the wall to or research documents on a worker's desk. Miscellaneous items such as mugs, documents, tools and other devices are placed on tables and shelves in a way that would seem naturally to anyone living, working or visiting there. On a wider scale, Sevastopol feels like it is assembled and linked together naturally. There's no ""well why would this room be next to this room"" or ""how could someone possibly work here when there is a silly platformer sequence between here and there?"" All of these elements help to bring a sense of the station's former glory and fills the environment with life even though there's a lot more death around.==========CONS:Whilst there are many things Isolation does so right, there are several points that, for me, prevent it from becoming a masterpiece...1. Mission Design, Lack of Variety & Pacing: I lost the amount of times I had to press buttons, pull levers, turn on generators, turn off breakers, find passcodes, disable lockdowns, find keycards. Numerous times you will have to execute several of these actions in a row just to get from one side of a door to the other. ""Oh, there's a door with a passcode lock. OH! There's a computer 3 feet away. I wonder if that has the passcode! Well what do you know, it does! Ugh..."" Simply put there is very limited variation in the types of set pieces and the way objectives are reached. It got to the point where I'd be going through the motions hoping for the alien to come back to try and kick me up the backside and raise the adrenaline again. I understand the laws of pacing, but you still have to keep the quieter bits interesting too.2. Unfulfilled & Redundant Game Mechanics: There are a couple of game mechanics that end up becoming squandered potential, most notably the rewiring system. It could have been used to employ clever traps or simply block enemy progress. In the end it only gets used to turn off security cameras or unlock doors (some of which have to be unlocked to progress the mission anyway).The other is the items and crafting system. You collect various components and combine them together along with scrap metal to produce items that aid you in your survival. Instead of having to carefully strategise the use of varying items, I barely used half of them. At no point did I ever use an EMP Mine, Pipe Bomb, Flashbang, Flare (apart from when the initial tutorial told me to) or Smoke bomb. Want to distract someone? Use a noisemaker. Want to use an offensive item? Just use a weapon. The flamethrower makes the molotov completely redundant as it's better in every department and, providing you loot adequately, never runs out of ammo.Also, the game issues you with a flashlight early on and informs that it will need to be recharged with looted batteries. Despite being in a world where flashlights apparently last only 30 seconds (in the 22nd century no less), I drained the original battery to around 25% capacity and never had to recharge them the entire game. The arrival of the flamethrower does an adequate job of lighting up the surrounding space. Seriously, is there anything this flamethrower can't do?3. Plot & Character Annoyances: I won't go into spoiler territory but there are occassions when the game tells us what our motive should be when it really doesn't deliver an adequate case for why we should empathize with it. Instead it ends up feeling like we're being taken for a ride on an errand-run by a lead character who seems all too accepting to be the only person getting any actual work done.In addition, NPC's aren't given the opportunity for their characters to be built properly, having barely any development and ultimately lacking any real depth. And when it comes to their inevitable death scenes (minor spoiler, I guess? Come on, we all know NPC's die), I can only assume the game intends for us to be moved alongside Amanda's teary reactions. Instead, I just felt like saying ""oh well, sucks to be them. Now, let's actually focus on getting ourselves out of this mess"". Maybe I'm just a selfish, cold-hearted SOB. This player-character disonance reached boiling point at a critical stage in the game where an NPC decided to take a certain course of action that I personally agreed with, whilst Amanda decided against it. Sure enough, I had to do what Amanda wanted to do. It's schizophrenic mutiny* I tells ya!And, even when you submit to the wills of the lead character and those around her, even after completing one of these arbitrarily convoluted errand-runs, the game manages to monumentally pull off one of the biggest slaps-to-the-face I have ever known in an interactive story. Most of you who've played it know which bit I'm talking about. If you're going to make a gamer take 50 steps forward and 500 steps back, motivate them to want to make up those 500 steps again.==========Alien: Isolation is undoubtably a game to experience and one I strongly recommend. However, whilst Its immersive atmosphere is second to none, its mechanical shortcomings and often-frustrating plot prevent it from reaching the level of 'masterpiece'.8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,214490,12409414,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,LordOfBomb,Get it. Seriously.
76561197997068175,Recommended,214490,12527613,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Phantasmagoria,"This game is a masterpiece, i lack the proper words to describe it but let's just say that any Alien diehard fans will love it to death. Even if you're not a fan it's an excellent sci fi horror game filled with enough survival as there is action.A great blend of atmosphere is put into this game, you will most likely never feel safe because how good this game is at holding you on a thread.Some say that this game is way too long and drawn out, sure but it's build up and execution is what matters the most.I say this game is the Alien game we all deserved.8/10"
76561197972930995,Recommended,214490,12412129,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,GNARKILL,"I myself am a Huge Alien series Fan , I Adored the first movie , i liked the second movie ... and well 3 and 4 were kind of meh.That being said i have waited years.... and years... for a good Aliens game , with most attempts failing to deliver , The original Alien Trilogy on PS1 was enjoyable , and the original AVP series on the PC were also enjoyable ... but since then attempts at re creating the fear and suspense of being a human in the world of alien has always fell flat on its face.Aliens Colonial Marines.... i wont even go there , we all know how that turned out.So now we come to this next attempt at the Alien Universe by Creative Assembly and published by SEGA.I was a bit fearful at the pre ordering of this game ... after previous dissapointments , however i have stood by creative assembly as making solid games albiet a few mistakes and buggy releases ... the total war series was always positive.So i pre ordered to get the Nostromo DLC.Upon starting the game i was amazed at how well the environements mirrored that 70s vision of the future just like the film.The Graphics are visually stunning and seem to be well optimised as i rarley incur any lag or frame drops.The Alien itself is very well done , twice as tall as a man , it uses its environment and its AI is rather scary at times.The story is believable and the game is full of movie references and Alien Lore, its a must play for any Fan of the series.Overall this game is a masterpiece , its difficult to master in stages and i think call of duty fan boys will not appreciate the game for what it is ... a stealth horror survival."
,Recommended,214490,18405927,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RAH-EGO,"I recommend this game with a big qualifier: to enjoy it, you really need to be a diehard fan of the Alien franchise. Let's get the ugly negatives out of the way first. The game is too long. The idea behind it is simple: there's an alien. It wants to kill you. You can't hurt it. Hide. Mechanics like that become tiresome after 20+ hours. The alien is an unstoppable murder machine with an A.I. that cycles randomly through different scripts. That means it might stand between you and an objective for 30 seconds or a grueling fifteen minutes. There are other enemies in the game, like completely idiotic humans and insanely annoying androids that will consume all your ammo before they finally go down. Basically their sole purpose is to add some variety so the alien doesn't get overused. But it DOES get overused, and the fact that the story has about four false endings testifies to that. Since the thrills rely so heavily on the titular monster, you would think the developers could at least nail that part, right? Well, in a way, they don't. The alien doesn't feel like Ridley Scott's growling, lurking menace, creeping through the shadows. It doesn't feel like James Cameron's hive-minded, intelligent pack hunters, either. It behaves more like a dinosaur. Imagine the velociraptor-kitchen scene from Jurassic Park stretched into an entire game. The alien stomps (like elephant stomps) around the station and charges Ripley like a powerhouse. You never feel like an apex predator is outsmarting you. You just don't want to get one-hit killed anymore. That being said, let's talk about the good stuff. The graphics are great and the game definitely captures the feel of the original Ridley Scott movie. Retro-future computers abound; androids patrol the halls in jumpsuits. The motion tracker makes the iconic beeping sound from Aliens. It's all there. On top of that, when the alien first appears, it's massively effective. Its presence is intimidating and players will undoubtely experience tension as it sniffs their hiding place and stalks circles around the room. Unlocking doors or moving to the next objective requires the successful completion of a mini puzzle, which adds to the stress when the creature is down the hall and approaching fast. Nothing in Isolation is safe. Want to read a terminal log? Better hope the androids don't catch you. Think you're safe in your hiding spot? The alien can throw the door open and skewer you with its tail. Alien: Isolation has the most effective A.I. in the survival horror catalogue. Moments with the creature can truly be stressful and thrilling. Too bad fatigue sets in after hour ten. 7/10."
76561197963103522,Recommended,214490,14471373,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Noob 2.1,Where's my Pumpkin Spice Latte... 'cuz I just can't even....I'm a fanatical fan of the original film and I've waited years for an actual *good* game set in the world.  This is it.  The atmosphere is pretty much perfect and the sense of anxiety is overwhelming.I haven't even encountered the creature yet and I'm already not sure I'll be able to continue playing this.Best cardio workout this side of a marathon.
,Recommended,214490,17860703,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,§ÅⅰÑ†  萧 骏 杰 Chr¡s,You all desktop games addict deserve to be greatly terribly frightened by the sinister look and an extremly dark mind of the Alien. This game is sure will scare the daylights of your gaming addiction
,Recommended,214490,12411537,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Joeker579,"*UPDATE*The game can easily take more then the supposed ""15 - 17 hrs"" thats because of stealth and the random stuff i have yet to beat it but im close to the end and have enjoyed all of it. I will admit some parts are just plain hard (medlabs grrrrrrrrrrrrr), But it shouldnt be easy! This game was done very well it has good variety and replayability and whole ton of randomness. Im looking forward to the future dlc too.If you're an alien fan get this. :)"
,Recommended,214490,26020621,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Scrap Dog,">Climb in vents>Alien is there>Dies>Screams like a little girl>Takes a 5 miniute break>Comes back with soda and popcorn for some reason>Retry going in vent>Dont get killed>Gets gun>Shoots people>Gets ammo>Shoot alien>Dies>""That didn't work..."">Play game until I aqquire a flamethrower>Try to burn alien>Alien runs away like little baby>""NOT SO TOUGH NOW ARE YA!! ARE YA???"">Continues taunting alien>Alien sneak up behind me>Dies100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10 would taunt and die again"
76561198050989599,Recommended,214490,31607899,Posted: 7 May,all,Kadge,Best Alien game thats it .
76561197979267559,Recommended,214490,15043593,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,FeralMonkeyMagic!,"I grew up with Alien - it was my movie genre (next to Indana Jones)I am pleased to say that the bad taste left in my mouth from the underwhelming effort that was Aliens: Colonial Marines, is now gone - thanks to the Listerine wash that is Alien: Isolation.One of the best survival horror games I have ever played - I am not usually a fan of 'running' away from things - but this is an exception.If you love the artistic style and vision that was in Alien - then you will love this game.Audio: 9/10 - outstanding effort; from the scuff of a rubber soled sneaker, to the *clomp* of a 200+ kg beast landing behind you.Video: 9/10 - I am absolutely blown away by the visuals in this game; I stood and stared at the planet below me - from an observation deck, for at least 15 minutes straight - I even considered making a .gif wallpaper from it - it's truly epic. The alien design is very well done - able to tell that it is the 'hunter' type and not the 'drone' type [I think, if my memory is correct] - very cool indeed.Storyline: 9/10 [it engaged me for the time I was playing]Overall 90% - I hope that this dev house is given the rights to produce some more action-based gameplay from future alien titles. I wonder now, what Colonial Marines would have looked like if these guys developed it."
,Recommended,214490,25043151,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,//Portal/,"PROS:-Great gameplay mechanics-FANTASTIC sound quality-Great ambient lights, and effects-Danger is all around you in the least expected places-The AI is very smart, very very smart-you'll get a lot of surprises-the story line-the voice acting-the tools-LOOK BEHIN YOU!CONS:-.....LOSING ENERGY POWERLOSING ENERGY POWERLOSING ENERGY POWER...[Playar could not finish this review, please help him]"
76561198039463852,Recommended,214490,12619146,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Kirkland Langue,"Let's be honest, this is a puzzle game.A fantastic puzzle game.A fantastic puzzle game where you strain to hear the slightest sounds and try to interpret their meaning, so that you can make the best decisions.You will die, and you will love it."
,Recommended,214490,28365135,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PcPowerUp's Roommate,Da gaem is scurry. It has a alin kreachur that treis to kill u and u have to be a badasss and not die. I r8 thes gaem 12/1	 stars
76561198045179457,Recommended,214490,16402694,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Lone BUTT,"People that know me will tell you that I really hate MMO's but this game weirdly combines all the right elements of Top-Down Shooter with the terrible fanbase of League of Legend (AKA Dota 1-4). While the graphics look about Doom Era, there's a certain charm to the way the develop the character of Ridley Scott (An Alien trapped in a space station full of ♥♥♥♥♥-♥♥♥♥♥s tryna spill they gat at him). Tasteful nudity, subtle racism, and an essentially broken crafting system makes this game an 11/10."
,Recommended,214490,12413331,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,The Zin,ok is this game creepy?YES IT IS! i mean holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the ambience and sounds are terrifyingis this the alien game that the alien franchise deserved after all the flaws?ABSOLUTELY!
,Recommended,214490,12416097,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SQUEEEEEEPS,">Dark Souls of Stealth & Horror games>Door Opening Simulator 2014.>Teen Sitcom Locker Simulator 2014.>Enough air vents to give both Ripley and Gordon Freeman a hardon that requires immediate medical assistance.>The alien AI is top notch; it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.>The devs nailed the 1979 retro future aesthetic  and it rivals the Metro games interms of atmospehric imersion.> Cool hacking ""puzzles"".> If you like the 1979 masterpeice ""Alien"" this is the game you have been waiting for.>I give it 11 Spoons.==▼▼==_ --▲--© 2014 Weyland Corporation"
,Recommended,214490,12413194,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Swans,"So far I am 13 hours in and loving this game. I am playing on Hard mode and it's tough, sometimes it's game quittingly tough. But my over-riding emotion has been fear. From the moment I started playing I was feeling a perpetual sense of dread without let up. I've screamed out in shock at points. But I have loved every minute of it.There are some faults in the game, the humans are often an annoyance but not a real threat, some of the graphics are a bit iffy at times (but the Alien does look amazing), and the Alien AI can be a bit weird. Once I had it freak out once and just stand wobbling from side outside a locker I was hidden in, when I left the locker I thought I'd instantly die, but it wandered of nonchalantly!But...If you are a fan of the slow burning peril of the first Alien movie, I believe you will very much enjoy this game."
,Recommended,214490,12415390,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Tobias Vandale [TIA],"An amazing game, has me scared out of my mind! The AI is great and the overall feel for the 1970ish technology just makes the Alien universe that much more emersive"
,Recommended,214490,12412162,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,AGRcactus,"This game cashes in on the nostalgia for Ridley Scott's original vision for Alien, and it does it extremely well.Finished the game on Hard, and it felt like a fair challenge. Gameplay might start to feel stale every once in a while, but suddenly you'll be hit with some sort of awesome experience throughout the game's extremely long story.My biggest complaints are that aside from everything else looking gorgeous, there is no real anti-aliasing option (it's their own special engine), and that the NPC character animations and facial expressions are almost unacceptably bad and immersion breaking."
,Recommended,214490,13502097,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Songbird // ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Alien: Isolation is the first of the Alien series I play(ed), however for as far as I'm aware, besides the backstory, everything across the game is pretty linear and straight forward.The game introduces a wide array of aspects to take into consideration, taken into mind that every situation is different. The size of the station has blown me away, and mostly the lack of loading screens every 5 minutes, while levels retain its very big size with almost no FPS drop on the best settings. This game is greatly optimised, however, I'm not sure how lesser-computers deal with this game, as I've got a rig worth of $2300Regardless, the game itself surprised me by introducing some known aspects, and some completely unknown aspects.I'm glad to see that hiding has been a universal aspect of the game, both in terms of animation (E key), or just diving under the nearest table. The unknown aspect was that you cannot kill the Alien, which was a pleasant surprise. This game introduces killable and unkillable enemies, and that is what makes this game, even from the start without alien, a tense and utmost enjoying game.I've only got 3 hours logged as of this writing, but I can already say that this game deserves its metascore above anything, and should have received a better score in my own opinion.My own view on this game for you people out there is, if you enjoy the fact of killing, but also being able to be killed by something YOU can't kill, and something that will hunt you down relentlessly making for a game that's tense from the start out, right to what I can only believe being the end, this is definitely a game for you.Final rating: 9.5/10Pro's: Diverse gameplay, great optimisation, great gameplayCons: Alien becomes more annoying than dangerous over time being."
,Recommended,214490,17144658,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,MeatPuppet,i love alien series and this one haven´t disapointed me. If you like scary games whit great graphics and mostly alien series this is for you =)
,Recommended,214490,12398973,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,LoStY - Gibus Collector,"So far so good, even without midgets. I do hope for some midgets in this game but even if there are not any I will still say this game is on par with Bourbon biscuits"
76561197986471546,Recommended,214490,30031906,Posted: 19 February,all,Definition of Madness,"Mindtearing!You want and don't want to play it at the same time.You want, because it's GREAT. It's like watching a live Alien movie.You don't want, because it's like watching a live Alien movie. And you die in it. A plenty of times.AND: If you play it with conroller, it'ss even MORE INTERACTIVE. It sucks you in.You get a healthy puls ratel Like when you do cardio, or run for your life.I poop you not."
76561198055548503,Recommended,214490,30038173,Posted: 19 February,all,B@Dog NeverDie$®,i tottaly recomend this game but guys remember when you finish it you will feel disappointed... :(
76561198009381204,Recommended,214490,31768800,Posted: 15 May,all,RexTenebris,"Brilliant game, seriously this would be a worthy movie in the franchise if it was re-made to live action."
,Recommended,214490,12715612,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,brightgfc,"Excellent game, if you are a fan of the film you will love this game. Graphically amazing, I would recommend buying the extension pack, nostromo mission. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15642142,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Todd in Space,"Great horror-stealth game. Awesome environments, good voice acting and story. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,12530159,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Markademus,"One hell of a bad day.It's one of those days for Amanda Ripley where everything is stacked against her and nothing ♥♥♥♥ing works. You go to a space station where the flight recorder of your mother's doomed ship The Nostromo is located. Suddenly, Amanda finds herself stuck there with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ humans, malfunctioning androids, and one xenomorph doing typical xenomorph things. Did I mention that on this space station nothing ♥♥♥♥ing works. I mean,everything is god-damn broken.But, being an engineer, Amanda is all like ""♥♥♥♥ IT, WE'LL DO IT LIVE. ♥♥♥♥ING THING SUCKS."" And so you go on an epic journey of repairing this dump bit by bit until you can just get off the damn thing.I don't want it to sound too tedious. Having to go repair things is really just a way to force you to stop cowering in a corner and actually go do something. You've got to make your way around this gigantic station, which in my opinion is the star of the show. The atmophere and everything that makes it: the architecture, textures, lighting, sound and music, really put you in that Alien movie. The god-damn sounds,I'm hearing sounds ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere man.You have very few friends you bump into time from time but mostly you're alone, having to deal. Scrounge together some junk and think your way through this thing.Then the Alien shows up looking all slick. As for the alien AI, yes it's random so don't try to figure out a route or anything. But, you can figure out cues and, most interesting, you can manipulate the alien with sounds. You can even weaponize him; don't like that human over there? Throw a noisemaker his way and let the alien deal with him.And speaking of weaponization... I don't want to give the plot away but if you know anything about anything from the movies, of course this was going to come up in an Alien IP. Corporate malfeasance, disregard for human life, profit over people, abandonment, all the themes you expect from an Alien movie are here. Overall the story is good. The missions might make you feel like a cog in a machine but that's sort of the point. The narrative is a slow reveal of the fact that you and everyone elsearecogs in the big corporate machine that has it's own plans.This game really puts you through the wringer though. It'll challenge you and it can get quite exhausting. Just when you think you're out of it, the game throws you right back in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's pretty relentless in that sense of just throwing the player to the wolves again and again. Out of the frying pan and into the fire once more Ripley. And it is loooong, or it at least feels that way. So prepare yourself for one really bad day.Buy if:* You like Stealth-Horror games. The gameplay is almost identical to games like Outlast.* You like the Alien movies, especially the first one. This game is probably the truest to its source material than any game based on a movie. They really took the Alien universe to heart when making this. The details, the architechture, the atmoshpere and even the social/economic environment and themes fits perfectly with Alien.* You are in the mood for a game that will challenge you.Do not buy if:* You've never played a stealth-horror game. Alien: Isolation is a big game to tackle, I would recommend making sure you like the gameplay first. For that I would suggest Outlast. It's (mercifully) shorter and cheaper. If you end up liking that game and want more, check out Alien: Isolation.* You can't stand repeating gameplay/backtracking. There will be times you will be killed just short of reaching a save point and you'll have to repeat material.* You can't stand ""go and do this"" quests. Essentially, this game is a long marathon of these types of missions. ""Ripley, the doo-dad that makes the machines work is broken. Walk over to this other place and make it work. Watch out for things that want to kill you.""Game completed on Hard in ~30 hours(?) Steam says: 30 hrs last two weeks / 21 hrs on recordTechnical Stuff:Max settings at >60fps, on a GTX690@1080pNo framerate problemsSome people complain about the lack of true AA. You can definately see aliasing.Mouse can be laggy. Reducing frame buffering helped."
,Recommended,214490,33960957,Posted: 1 August,all,TalonflameHD,"Rating: 9.5Alien Isolation is a must-play for any Alien fan or anyone who loves survival horror.While the game isn't your typical survival horror, you'll find yourself using tactics and brainpower to dodge and avoid a rather large Xenomorph that roams the station; killing it's inhabitants one-by-one.To survive, you must craft items that serve specific purposes; such as noisemakers. Look around for supplies and crafting materials as ammunition is very scarce. Save points are darted all over so make sure you use them when you see them! They'll also tell you if there are enemies/hostile elements nearby.The Xenomorph isn't your only enemy. Make as less noise as you possibly can. The survivors of the station will make an attempt to kill you if they see you. Remain hidden, remain vigilant.Back to the game itself, it plays very well. It is an elegant addition to the world of survival horror. The graphics and gameplay are very well done as is the crafting system.Be sure to listen! A sound or a rumble can tell you a lot about where your opposition is.I never rate games 10/10 as no game is perfect...no matter how well made they are!(note: for my playtime only being three hours, I have played and completed this on Xbox One. It's bloody amazing!)"
76561197970802596,Recommended,214490,31705774,Posted: 12 May,all,Wardog,What a GEMBest horror game i played in a decade!Way better then outlast one and two. Too bad i discovered this game in 2017.i recommand this to anyone who want to play a very good horror / survival game.You gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥your panties mate !10 /10
76561198047280627,Recommended,214490,33942927,Posted: 31 July,all,Can't Believe He,Still cant bring myself to finish it
76561197971252326,Not Recommended,214490,24248706,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,spaceman spork,"EDIT:I'm rewriting this review because over time I've come to change my mind about this game.I had originally NOT recommended this game and I'll leave it as that because that's how I felt right after I finished the game.  But in retrospect that's being a bit too harsh to the game.  This is a rewritten review about this game, because it's probably a bit unfair to the game to not recommend it.  Also by leaving it as not recommended you can see why someone might NOT want to play it, even though it's actually probably worth playing.So the pros to this game are the atmosphere of the game is very good.  The way the game works is also quite good leaving you with some very fun game play and some incredibly pulse pounding moments.  You can really get into the whole sneaking around or you will get killed aspect of the game.  The fact that the Alien acts different (usually) and changes things up (usually) makes it all the more exciting too.  You can't always use the same techniques because it doesn't always do the same things too.  That's why you should play it.  The story is pretty engaging too.Ok, so that all sounds great so why did I initially give this (and it's still on) not recommended?There's three things really.  Let's go over the minor stuff first (that if it was it, it wouldn't be a big deal, but they are minor negatives to a great game).1.  Bugs.  I only ran into one clear bug, but it was a doozy.  Luckily it was in the first 10 minutes of the game, but I played it a bit, then shelved the game for a few weeks, then got back to it.  I explored EVERYWHERE and I couldn't figure out where to go.  I combed the map for an hour and couldn't figure out what was next.   I finally Youtubed it and found... you're supposed to go through this hallway, but on MY version that hallway had a sealed door.  There was another way through too.  That door was also sealed.  I restarted the game from the beginning and this time those doors were open.2.  The story is pretty good, but I got annoyed at the end where I felt started to take liberties.  ""Oh we need to amp up the action so we'll do this which doesn't quite make sense in the scheme of the story, but whatever, it's fine we'll do it anyways.""  It only starts to appear at the end of the game, but it annoyed me.    On the plus side though it did enable some interesting game play parts.  But like the one part of the game included a super cheesy ""this doesn't make sense but we're going to have the Alien be somewhere it really makes no sense for it to be.""3.  Ok, this is the main reason I gave it a do not recommend at first.  The AI of the Alien is great and it's fun... only when it's not.First, the Alien obviously hides, is unkillable, and kills you very easily.  That's totallly fine and is expected.The Alien acts differently and supposedly can learn new behaviors.  That's actually pretty awesome and a huge selling point (and they did use this as a selling point).The Alien is extremely fast.  Now this is a plus and minus.  It's a plus because it makes the Alien scary as heck but it's a minus because imagine having to sneak around at 1/10th the speed of someone.  They can not see you but if they happen to appear and walk your way while you're crossing a room you're screwed.  You can't cross it  at your speed before it gets close enough to see you.  If you run, you can easily get by and hide but if you run it's loud and pretty much an instant death if the Alien is anywhere near you.  The motion detector is nice but the Alien can be pretty far away and close the distance within 2-3 seconds.  It can take you 5 seconds to cross a room.  As you can guess, this can cause some really annoying deaths.And if it were just that, the game would still be great, but thing is the AI doesn't act like it should sometimes.  I've seen it just patrol 2 rooms non stop when I was in one of them, motionless and hidden.  I had died multiple times with it coming back and catching me doing something so I waited once and just watched it walk back and forth.  That's clearly scripted behavior which is weird because it doesn't act like that normally.  But even that part wasn't too bad.There were two other parts that just made me tear my hair out.   It was basically a long sequence where I had to get to a certain place.  The Alien would get me in some totally b.s. way when I was 70-85% of the way there.   Be it seeing me when it shouldn't have (from another room, and I'm hiding behind something), or me opening a door and having it decide to stroll on by while I'm in the middle of opening the door and killing me.  I died like 30 times on that one part.Then there was another part where I died like 40 times.  The deaths were frequently b.s. deaths.  And all of those BS deaths left a bad taste in my mouth.   Ugh.  Without those two frustrating parts, the game was fine though.  And the thing is those parts weren't supposed to be that frustrating; like the first one is just a normal part of the game, but for some reason the Alien kept on getting me.  The second part is supposed to be a fairly challenging part but there's other parts that were supposed to be harder that I passed without dying nearly that much.Ugh."
,Not Recommended,214490,24420737,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sharp,"I cannot reccomend this game. Despite being SUPER atmospheric, Alien: Isolation lacks in the gameplay department. The game can often be rather buggy, with hitboxes that tend to 'snag' on you, less than acceptable AI, and drags on for far too long. While I definitely enjoyed the first half of the game, after that the alien encounters became more frequent, and the game became something more artificial, more scripted, more obvious and predictable. It kept dragging itself longer and longer, forcing you to do rather annoying tasks while you have to evade the AI, which I'd describe as a mix of very abusable, but very unforgiving. The second half of the game became such a grind, such a chore to do, that it killed my enjoyment for it completely. The worst part is I don't see *why* the developer studio felt the need to drag the game on for around 3 to 4 hours, constantly use cutscenes to set your finish line another ten miles away every time you get to it. The game didn't suceed in scarying me, it suceeded in frustrating me. I took full advantage of the crafting system to build items to avoid as many encounters as possible, and so will you when you play this, because this is not a game that will make you feel like you've enjoyed playing it once you see the credits roll. My personal suggestion is watch its story online if you're that curious, and pass this title."
,Recommended,214490,17237097,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Fishy Noodle,"Best Alien game ever made.My heart has its limits tho, so I'm just glad to be done with it."
,Not Recommended,214490,33420082,Posted: 9 July,all,Syn,"This game was scary for the first couple hours(3 probably), then after that I wanted to finish the game as quickly as possible due to the fact that this game is incrediably boring and repetitive.You always end up in the same place wherever you go, and the alien always seems to camp you even though there are humans that are loud as hell.I enjoyed the game for a bit but after awhile I just ended up running through it using the flamethrower a lot to progress since the alien always camps and never goes away."
,Recommended,214490,12571759,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,♥SillyFinny♥,"Such a good game! Very good horror game with a good jump scare every now and then, but also does well in not overdoing it. Good storytelling and good gameplay with a mix of fighting, hiding, and thinking. Also getting to see Ripley's daughter in action was also pretty cool, not gonna lie. So overall, if you've been thinking about getting this game, think no more. Just get it and have a good time :D. 9/10"
,Recommended,214490,33960171,Posted: 1 August,all,PrincessEmma | TgEmma,"I completed this game on Xbox One and loved it so much i had to buy it on DLC but with all the DLC, cant really say the DLC adds much to it but a fantastic game regardless. though it seems so much harder on PC, only thing missing from it is the feature the Kinect gave it of Movement and Sound"
76561197983898756,Recommended,214490,18740708,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ilarius,a great cure for constipation10/10
,Recommended,214490,13839737,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Subject Infinite,"Alien: Isolation is in a class of its own when it comes to the horror genre. Many games boast horror elements, or are outright horror games as their very premise (see Outlast and Amnesia: The Dark Descent for excellent examples of other horror games), but Alien: Isolation's success occurs on so many levels, culminating in one of the finest examples of horror I have come across in the video game medium (and possibly beyond).The storyline is very well told, and has a natural flow to it. There is extremely well paced game progression (it plays out pretty much in real time) and well developed, sympathetic characters. The dialogue in the game is excellent, which provides an excellent platform for characters to develop. You take on the role of Amanda Ripley, an engineer, and daughter to Ellen Ripley (the protagonist from the originalAlienmovie. Amanda is invited on an expedition to retrieve the Flight recorder from the Nostromo (of which Ellen Ripley was crew, when she met the Alien) from Sevastopol Space Station. Amanda is separate from her crew as they attempt to board Sevastopol, only to find the station is essentially in lock down and is falling apart.The horror atmosphere of Alien: Isolation is a key aspect, pivotal to the success of the game. This is created through a mixture of the environmental design, the sounds and the actual gameplay itself. There is this constant, looming feeling of dread which accompanied me throughout the game. You are in danger pretty much throughout the game. There is little opportunity to rest or breathe. Even when you're hiding, you're still not entirely safe. The actions of the alien are often unpredictable, giving it the element of surprise at many turns. Your means of tracking the alien can also alert the alien to your presence, further enhancing the difficulties in your flight from the xenomorph. The alien is hunting you, and detects the sounds you make (or chases you if it sees you), so even when in hiding you have to keep your character(Amanda Ripley) quiet and out of sight by leaning into the shadows, or holding your breath.The feeling of dread is further enhanced by the level design - claustrophobic, dark corridors (much akin to what made the originalAlienmovie so scary), dark corners, shadows, and a feeling of being lost. Everything isn't sign posted to you in game, you actually have to find your goals, while being hunted. This can be very challenging, as you have to deduce your way through levels (by reading computer terminals or signs) and avoid the alien. In addition to this, your exploration takes you to various parts of the space station complex, varying the scenery and layouts of the levels – avoiding repetition and keeping the experience fresh.The actual gameplay of the game is a real asset to aiding the horror atmosphere. The scarcity of resources meaning you can't just  go on a bullet fuelled killing spree. Most of your weapons are very believable in the context, as in you don't suddenly become a super soldier with a rocket launcher and a machine gun. You can craft a couple of basic bombs (which is believable in the context of Amanda Ripley being an engineer), in addition to other offensive weapons you pick up from security personnel. You can craft various other non offensive devices to provide further tactics for survival.In my opinion, the aural delivery of the game was an outstanding feature, and perhaps one of the best utilisations of the sense of sound to generate atmosphere I have come across. The sounds of the station can be disconcerting, and may often signify something completely harmless, but when you're tiptoeing through the dark corridors of Sevastopol station, listening out for the alien tracking you through the vents (and able to jump out at you at virtually any time), the sudden sound of a vent or door automatically opening as you creep by can startle you. The echoing sounds of the other inhabitants of the station can be ambiguous - friend or foe? You must eavesdrop so determine if it is safe to waltz past, or to stealthily dodge, or even attack. The ambient sounds of Sevastopol space station,; the hum of generators, engines, the droning voice of the working joe androids, the dripping of water all add up to provide a convincing ambience. Add these to the visuals; the shadows, lighting effects, high resolution textures and we have an immersive universe to lose ourselves in.And once you're immersed, the horror becomes real."
,Recommended,214490,17651863,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,the-simian,"Probably the best horror game I've played.Things I liked:- Meticulous care to be faithful to the design and lore of the franchise.- A sense that the alien was intelligent, and learned how to defeat you over time- Aesthetically top notchThings I didn't like- There's a limited amount of adversaries, ultimately.- The difficult jump when you *first* encounter humans is actually too abruptI would say that I've played a lot of horror survival. Things like Amnesia, Penumbra and similar titles. I even worked on a not-very-well-known HL2 mod called ""Flesh"" that was exactly this kind of game. Alien Isolation is the game I've always wanted to play. Its really interesting how convincing the Alien AI really is."
,Recommended,214490,25108159,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,PredatorTheAce,A masterpiece gives you the most atmopsheric experience of the original flim.Don't buy the DLCs as they offer no new achievements.
,Recommended,214490,34703425,Posted: 2 September,all,Ganon Player,wrong choice for first horror game.heart_attack.png
76561198062469063,Recommended,214490,15104233,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mr Minalga,"Best Graphics, story and gameplay to date period.A must buy"
,Recommended,214490,15105579,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,777sopraognicosa,True Alien 10/10
,Recommended,214490,26369655,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,introspXtion,DO NOT play this game stoned.I repeat - DO NOT play this game stoned.★★★★★★★✰✰✰
,Recommended,214490,12689617,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,WolfVonhinslik,"I love this game. Tho it has little replayability, but stays true to the feel of the series. Easily the Aliens game the fans deserve.Full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTTs23SmzOk"
76561198047574786,Recommended,214490,34228926,Posted: 13 August,all,I AM THE SENATE,Fantastic. A immersive experience that fans of the movies will adore.
,Recommended,214490,34319937,Posted: 17 August,all,dxxxvc,"Best game ever!. Listen to me please, this game is going to make you feel absolutly scared because everything looks and sounds so real. Don't pass this game because it is really really good. It is the best game in my library right now. GOOD STUFF."
,Recommended,214490,34227072,Posted: 13 August,all,xevious2,This game is really impressively scary with the VR mod.
76561198029999801,Recommended,214490,34967773,Posted: 15 September,all,Elliott,"One of the best games ever made, in my opinion. True horror. For me The Alien was the most terrifying movie ever, I was so scared of it when I was a kid...the game is much worse.I almost did not finish the game for the first time because I was too scared... there were moments I had to stop playing because I felt dizzy from breathing too rapidly... I had to take breaks at least every 20 minutes... sometimes I started the game, stared at the screen for ten minutes and then turned it off again because I was too scared to play...But since then I played it on all difficulties and even with unpredictable alien mod, got all achievements. I kind of learned to know the alien, but even now he often surprises me and scares the hell out of me... I only wish I could wipe my memory and experience it again like the first time, it was real challenge for me... I realized I like horror gamesIt feels pretty realistic, especially if you play it in dark and with good headphones. But Ripley's inability to for example jump or climb over even the smallest obstacles is really anoying me. Or when you are checking a terminal, hear the alien is coming but there is no way to quickly stop what you are doing and hide... It makes every task even more terrifying by making you more vulnerable... which is a plus... but feels too unrealistic in the comparison with how good are other aspects of the game made."
76561197988540450,Recommended,214490,14640871,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,teh Johnson,The most fun you can possibly have surviving an alien encounter without actually having to encounter an alien.I recommend.
,Recommended,214490,12492274,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,"This is the game Alien fans deserve. I'm not any sort of fan of survival horror games. That said, this game has something to impress almost any player.  Reviewers were right to call it immersive and atmospheric. Nothing is more tense than scrambling with a comm. device to unlock a door while you hear the pounding of footfall behind you.. then--SCHCHLIIKKKK! The tails comes out of your chest and the hand tears your face away. Another notch for the bad guy."
76561198116659822,Recommended,214490,30252311,Posted: 28 February,all,Fowler,good game :)
,Recommended,214490,34848489,Posted: 9 September,all,silky,"It's scary and suspenseful as hell during the first few missions, when you have completely nothing to defend yourself with.Stops being that scary once you acquire a bunch of weapons and craftables, instead it starts being more fun because instead of just running and hiding, you also get to just shoot everyone and set everything on fire(provided you don't go too crazy and waste all the ammo)."
,Recommended,214490,12416723,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,AtomicTrueno,"I have got to say Alien: Isolation is by far the best game of 2014 in my opinion. This game has amazing visuals, audio is superb and the environment both live up to the first alien we have come to love. This game is so immersive, every footstep, every sound has you on your toes; this game definitely has alot of suspense. The A.I. is pretty smart too; by far the smartest out of all the other single player games i've played. The game has a pretty good playtime, 15-20 hours (if your not exploring every inch of the environment), possibly a little more if you play on hard (which they recommend in the description). Even when you complete the main campaign there are two side stories which focus on the events of the first alien movie, you get to play as Ellen Ripley! She's such a bada**; but sadly it comes in the DLC, also included in the DLC is a couple of survival missions where you complete certain criteria in an amount of time. Each on released includes new characters. SEE HOW YOU FAIR AGAINST YOUR BUDDIES! In my opinion this game is totally worth the buy, and if you have the money DLC also WORTH!!!! Best game i've ever played of all time hands down! CHECK IT OUT!"
,Recommended,214490,19115616,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,T-Bag,"If you are a fan of Alien movie, you should have already owned this game! And if you are not a fan, watch the movie, then become a fan and play this game! I strongly recommend it."
76561198025297701,Recommended,214490,17433579,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ronald McDonald (5 hrs),"Best Alien game ever....no doubt, 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,30285407,Posted: 2 March,all,Butt Slayer,My nerves only let me play this in small doses.
,Recommended,214490,18835895,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TechaNinja,"You gotta be sneeki cheeki breeki else the alien will do bad things to you.Great atmosphere, graphics, sound/ost and gameplay.Very intense."
76561197982880552,Recommended,214490,18900703,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,drjoms,"Very Dark(in spirit), very scary. Not too many jump scares(which I just hate). Quite realistic. Not exactly non linear, but somewhat sandboxed. All in all, good game, especially if you are into horror genre and if you are hardcore Predator/Alien Fan. I am a bit of the last."
76561198068578646,Recommended,214490,18952545,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Imperator,"Great game. this is what an alien game should be. its terrifying hearing the alien in the vents searching for you, as if he knows your there.The UI is great and and the AI is challenging. i highly recommend that any alien fan play this game. and good luck remember unlike the bad alien games before this one, shes hunting for you this time around.UPDATEThe main bug ive come across is that the AI will camp in the room where your hidden. The alien for some reason knows the general area your always in, for example you use a noisemaker and trick the alien down a far hallway and you head far in the opposite direction into another room, you will have seconds to hide before its in the same room as you... so if you think you can give it the slip and leave it behind forget it, it's not going to happen. the one other thing that is off is the holding your breath situation. no worth while warning when to hold your breath, by the time you get the prompt its too late. one little side note worth mentioning is that the alien remembers you hidding pattern from previous saves. so mix it up or it will always find you. still a fun game though."
76561198145244051,Recommended,214490,19020788,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,johndilucas,"Holy crap...I am personally one who loves being scared and not many games/movies have been able to do that for me. This game, however, made me want to p*** myself. I was scared from the start and I didnt even see the Alien for like an hour. The ambience is terrifying and the design of the game is just beautiful.10/10 would s*** pants again."
76561198109942464,Recommended,214490,19110045,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,???,"Alien Isolation is one of those games that will keep you on the edge of your seat. The Music and Audio helped to make the situation more tense and the visuals are very appealing. Even with low graphics it still looked spectacular. The gameplay is great but can be a bit annoying some times especially when you have to look at everything in the room to find something to progress. Take note though, this is a very long game. So if your looking for a quick and short game, I suggest you do not play this. However, if you are willing to spend 10-40 hours for a good quality horror game, my top recomendation is this. Overall, Alien Isolation is a excellent horror game but still can be improved."
76561198023926655,Recommended,214490,18717234,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mumrik,- Be me- I am ready- Starts Alien Isolation- Begins at last save station- Area is on lockdown and enemies searching- Heart is calm 70 bpm- Gets through like a charm- Alarm is still on in next section- Sees vent that leads halfway through to objective- Go's in (it-s dark)- Hear something on motion tracker- Equip motion tracker- See green dot approaching- Flash light on- Nothing in the vent- Dot 1 mm from my location- QuitWould quit again
,Recommended,214490,19040367,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kaede akamatsu,♥♥♥♥♥myself a couple of times to both the joes and the alienthen got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because i kept getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the alien9/10 would get analy ♥♥♥♥ed by an alien again
,Recommended,214490,19054408,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Poltraite,I love this game. Best played at night with the lights low and a set of headphones.
76561198006923019,Recommended,214490,19183422,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,√ puffy★,"Actually THE best fps horror games I've EVAH played. Such Finesse. Much Horror. Dank aliens.If you liked the Alien movies, there's no question about this game. GO GIT!"
,Recommended,214490,19353658,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Root,a jolly good game where the meaning of friendship and love is taught through the impalement of a razer sharp tail through your torso
76561198171589373,Recommended,214490,19358792,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Shiro,I totally will recommend this game to anyone who is thinking about purchasing. It's so intense and the AI is amazing. To me even today it had good graphics. I remember there was a android on the ground it grabbed my leg! scared me o-o
,Recommended,214490,19626084,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,dimeraRaven,"If you have anxiety, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,214490,22413844,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Vox Draconis,"Oh my god guys I just finished the game literally just ten minutes ago and had to share my thoughts on it to anyone considering buying this game. It has been out a while and it's likely everyone already knows all about it but if not this is your wakeup call.The story is solid and you get to feel for the character Amanda Ripley as she desperately tries to find out what happened to her mother. The lighting and music has been beautifully presented in this dark foreboding claustrophobic station and you tend to get real paranoid as you hear all the tiny little noises from vents above, below and all around you. It's sure to make you quake in your boots if you don’t save regularly. See it has next to no auto save feature which is understandable given the survival horror genre.While a lot of time and effort was put into the characters there’s only ever two that stand out as memorable, otherwise they’re only there to give you tasks to complete or to be killed off in gruesome fashion to heighten the tension. The atmosphere is perfect and you get surprisingly quite a bit of freedom to explore provided to have the tools to do so which is appreciated as it pays to take a break from the intense environment.The alien AI is to this day the best I’ve seen but saying that it does have slight flaws in places. But for the most part it's so terrifying early in the game as your being stalked relentlessly while having no other defence but to run and hide. Thankfully your given crafting and scavenging to help you survive by distracting enemies with noisemaker bombs and the like. Personally I enjoyed traversing a section filled with human survivors and summoning the alien to watch it brutally murder these poor people but it's oh so satisfying to see the guys who are shooting at you just be torn to shreds by your minion Xeno.The game in my opinion is triple A and I rank it among the greats at a spectacular 9/10."
76561197999088229,Recommended,214490,18826934,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Kageshi,the game is extremely overwhelming in a good way. truely a good direction in the Alien series.
,Recommended,214490,19365174,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Rowlio102,Amazing 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,214490,18828628,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Scarmax,"If you want to see what it looks like when a team of people put their heads and hearts together for the purpose of lovingly crafting a game with precision and an admirably deep respect for the story universe in which they work, then Alien: Isolation is the game to play.  I can't think of another game that is so solidy built, and the level of detail and authenticy is so incredibly convincing that I really felt like I was experiencing what it would be like to live in the Alien universe.  Every decal and symbol, the shapes of the corridors, the bulkhead walls, the pipes and electrical conduits... more than I can list here.  It ALL looksexactlylike it does in the films.  There are even discarded pieces of chewed gum stuck under some control consoles!  LOL  This game is a work of art, like few others (if any) can claim, and I was constantly stopping and wanting to take screenshots because everything looks so realistic.  The shadows, lighting, and shader effects had me shaking my head in amazement.  At one point, I was hiding under a medical table and noticed that  the specular map on the floor showed the faint swirl marks left by a mop.  That's just insane, but it's awesome!  It's that kind of little stuff that fills in all the realism ""gaps"" and makes you realize just how much care went into building this game.Not only are the details and visuals fantastic, but the layout of the station makes sense and brilliantly conveys just how massive the place is.  But it doesn't just LOOK good, the sound in the game is also incredibly well done.  From the whiring of machinery, and the thudding of airlocks, the loud booms of explosions, the burst of flame from the flame thrower, to the subtle little beeps of control panels, the hissing of steam pipes, and the dripping of water... the station is alive with wonderfully immersive sounds!  I recommend headphones or better yet, a 5.1 or 7.1 sound system.  The positional audio with surround sound is sweet!  They also did a great job with sound occlusion, where walls and some larger objects will muffle sounds in varying degrees, which enhances not only the realism, but also the situational awareness.The game play is fantastic as well, and sneaking around while the Alien, or other enemies, hunts you down, makes for some really intense moments.  Many times I crouched in the shadows behind a crate in a hallway, or under an examination table in a lab, or behind an executive desk, while the Alien pauses to scan the room only a few feet away, and I'm quietly saying, ""Please don't see me, please don't see me...""  This game gave me goosebumps!  There are some combat elements against humans and androids, but it's worth noting that this game is a stealth game, not a first person ""shooter"".  Combat really should be a last resort, and in nearly every case, it can be avoided entirely if you're patient and skillful at sneaking around.  Exchaning gunfire can attract the Alien, so it's definitely not the wisest choice, although it's probably going to happen sooner or later.  (I won't get into the debate on why the Alien can't be damaged with gunfire... that's just how it is and it's fine.  Deal with it.)I enjoyed the crafting system, which was not overly complicated and never tried to dominate the game.  It had just the right amount of balance where searching for components paid off with the ability to create useful items that you could use at your discretion.  In other words, some crafted items give you the option to solve situations in more than one way.  You can play the game without crafting anything, I believe, but it would have been more difficult.The story is pretty good, and has very few cut scenes to pull you out of the action, but some people may prefer a bit more of a ""movie"" experience.  There's not a whole lot of deep character interaction, but I think it's more about you and your character, Amanda Ripley, and how she survives the ordeal.  That's not to say that I didn't learn to appreciate some of the NPC's for the roles that they play in the story.  The voice acting and motion capture is also extremely well done.I do have a couple of gripes, however, though nothing game breaking or worth ranting about too much.  First, there are some sections of the game where the save points (beeping/flashing panels on the wall) are spread too far apart and I had to replay a handful of extremely difficult portions of the game repeatedly because I kept getting killed, and my closest available save point was not convenient, to say the least.  Maybe I was a bit careless, but one extra save point in the middle there somewhere would have been nice.My second gripe is the length of the game.  Don't get me wrong, I love games that have plenty of play time, but the last few sections seemed like they dragged the story out longer than it really needed.  Every time I thought I had reached the final climactic moment of the game,.. nope, something else goes wrong and then I had to do yetanotherdeath defying task.  So, I complete that, thinking, ""Okay,nowam I at the end?""  Nope.  Something ELSE bad happens to poor Ripley, and now there'sanotherproblem I have to solve!  It's like this woman has the worst luck in the galaxy!  It just felt like the developers couldn't quite let go of the game... like they had to add just one more level... and then one more... and, umm, okay justonemore, etc.But, despite those ""complaints"", I had a blast playing Alien: Isolation and I very highly recommend it!9/10  Would anxiously hold my breath in the dark again!  :D"
,Recommended,214490,23629373,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,OCCVLT,Good!
76561198117528473,Recommended,214490,24000291,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SillyBrando,"Alien: Isolation is quite a amazing game. You will not regret buying this wonderful survival horror game. At times you may want to throw your pc out the window, but you will most definitely will have an exciting and stressful time playing it."
,Recommended,214490,24318294,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,yo its ya nigga Bucky,"went to throw a noise maker, it clipped off the stupid wall hitboxes and went back at my feet and I got to see the alien turn around, run at me, and end my lifethen i got to the part where you go to another ship shortly and for absolutely no reason there is a face hugger in the middle of ♥♥♥♥ing no where. I havent saved in quite a while, had to restart it all.all in all, ♥♥♥♥ you devs. this game is fun though, 9.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,24006156,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,send help,"Android stays where he is.I hide,Android somehow doesn't see me yet.I come out; ""You know what, to hell with you!"" I say, shooting the android.Bullet reflects off android, taking no damage.""Oh god, he's IMMUNE TO BULLETS!"" I run.Scary at the moment.The most hilarious thing to see again."
76561198000305030,Recommended,214490,24130320,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Commodore,"My first time playing:- Crawling, crawling, crawling, S*** it saw me. F****! F****! F****!!!! Running, running, running, hiding... hiding... no no, don't look this way, please don't look this wa.... F*****! -While this game may have a few shortcomings that will leave you asking, ""Why the heck can't I..."" that's really the only bad thing I have to say about it.Even though it has its own story that fits in nicely between 'Alien' & 'Aliens,' it feels like a film adaptation, and in this case, that isn't a bad thing. If you're going for authenticity, this may be the best game based on a film franchise ever. Instead of taking a raw action approach like so many other games based in this universe, the devs opted to recreate the terror of the original film: Alone in space, with weapons that at best can briefly deter the beast, and at worst, tick it off. Staying alive is about outsmarting the alien by sneaking around (Newt-style) and improvising, rather than trying to kill it. Ridley Scott should be proud of how scary this game can get if you're willing to let it immerse you. A few good fights are interspersed to keep the experience fresh, and the occasional space-walks provide some breathtaking imagery.This might not be your cup of tea if you're looking for an FPS. But if you've ever wanted to find out what it would feel like to be a character in 'Alien,' look no further. This is it. Turn off the lights in the room, put on your best headphones, and try to survive."
76561198076568049,Recommended,214490,24186705,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,jhonbanting,"Do not play this at night, i repeat, do not play this at nightI REPEAT, DO NOT PLAY THIS AT NIGHT!"
,Recommended,214490,24235884,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,TubeSock,"do not play this game if you are scared of the following:aliens, humans, robots,footsteps, key cards, save stations, flashlights, fleshlights, the darkness, the lightness??,m a g n u m, spaaaaaace, girls, good graphics, footsteps, lists, reviews,+graphics+story+those spooky footsteps mang10/10"
76561198109233713,Recommended,214490,24464360,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lord Gamer,"a fantastic recreation of the alien universe prestine graphics, Horror intense moments thats visually stunning and engrosssing to play. Creative Assembly have outdone themselves beyond measure."
,Recommended,214490,24772692,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Meet the demo but he's white,"First sighting of the alien, it was only 5 minutes after the terror stricken breathing hit me that I realized...I greased my ♥♥♥♥in' pants man.10/10 if you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ underwear included in your night."
76561198179389154,Recommended,214490,24833653,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,shutup_MEG,"A love letter to Ridley Scott masterpiece.That's how you can condensate as much as possible the experience of the game; for a more in depth review keep reading.Story: the game's story is pretty straigh forward but articulate and layered enoughto to keep you wanting to procede and see where and how all the knots are goone get tied, it never gets predictable or cheap and could easily have been a great movie sequel for the franchise. The characters dialogues are on par with a movie quality script and the voice acting is pretty good. The lore and sub-stories you're gonna learn scavenging servers, computers and docs feel always fitting and interesting.Graphics: you'll be looking at a polished, expanded and perfected version of the 1st Alien movie sets, as good looking as possible to make you feel like you're in the 1st movie. The retro-futuristic style is consisten throughout the game; lights and shadows are fantastic, above and beyond what you may expect from a ""not so demanding"" game and the care to details in the sceneries is outstanding; all the post effects are there to enhanche the movie-like experience.Sound: terrific! Headphones are must here in my opinion, both music and sound effects always fit and serve the gameplay sequences in the best possible way, the overall sound design couldn't have been better.Gameplay: you're gonna die, a lot! Never in a cheap or unfair way, never for the control's fault or 'cause the game was being unfair towards you. Thoughout the whole game you're gonna feel like a real human being with a real human strenght and weakness, you'll run at human speed and will use (the scarse) weapons as a normal human would. You're gonna get scared, a lot! Not in the jump-scare way, you're gonna feel hunted like a weak pity prey, you'll stay crumped under a desk or into a locker for minutes at times for fear to be heard or seen, you'll learn to fear air vents, locked doors and everything that doesn't look like a safe room and, guess what, there's no safe room as you will soon learn. This's some of the best survival horror I've seen in years if not the best of the last years. Took around 17-18 hrs to finish it and, while the peace felt always appropriate, a couple of times it felt like it was dragging on a bit too much but it didn't ruin my exprerience in any way.The Alien: a special mention is for the Alien itself, the AI that moves it is outstanding, you're gonna replay shorter or longer sections several times (oh, yes you will) and it will never behave the same way each time, you'll never learn its patterns 'cause there's none (or at least so it looks like while playing), it feels like playing against another real life player with a sick twisted way of proving it can terrify you for the whole game with minimal effort. It looks superbe, just like in the 1st movie and watching it walk around is a spectacle itself. The 2nd in-game encounter is by far my favourite, simply perfectly directed."
,Recommended,214490,24312278,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,#notinmyname,"BEST HORROR - I thought there was nothing out there in the horror world :P which offered a real challenge until i played   ALIEN : ISOLATONthis game offers the BEST horror experience ... tbh if ur not ready for jumpscares dont play this game also people with heart probs :P dont risk it ur gonna panic often ... ur gonna scream no matter what!the real challenge is playin the game in hard mode, i suggest playing the game on the highest difficulty ..the only prob i have with this game is the MOUSE ACCELERATION .... cant disable it , there isnt an option for itbut once u get used to it .. its gonna be just fineonce again beware of the alien which gives ur heart a f+ckin shock xDgood luck with ur Ripley"
,Recommended,214490,24397037,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,richardas.rac,"Oh man. The Alien franchise takes me back a long time. And playing this game recreates the atmosphere of the first movie, I can remember my younger self watching it in the excitement and thrill. This is a true masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,214490,24639576,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Злобный Крокодыл,"Somewhat close to the beginning of the game, you receive a revolver, considered by many to be a very powerful gun in the real world.Feel your heart sink as you realize that it does absolutely jack♥♥♥♥♥♥against the murder machine that is the Alien and using it on anything else only brings the Alien to you.Some horror games feel that they can scare you by not giving you weapons, therefore not giving you a way to fight back.Alien Isolation takes that one step further by giving you all the weapons you want... except they can't help you.Very enjoyable game and I would recommend it to horror fans due to the game's scary atmosphere and to stealth fans due to the game's highly enjoyable stealth mechanics."
76561198117414870,Recommended,214490,24362660,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mechbane,Played for 1 hour got scared and turned it offLet the Mrs play for 1 hour she got scared and turned it offWill attempt to play in near future (in daylight with lights on)
76561197970380355,Recommended,214490,24391644,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Pisha,"Played it on the hardest level and boy was it worth it, cowering under tables, sneaking past Aliens, sitting in vents terrified. Absolute nerve shredding masterpiece. No review can do this game justice, faithful to the original look and feel of the first film. If you have not bought or played it, do it now its magnificent."
,Recommended,214490,24681310,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,badmanHAL64,By far the best horror game I've ever played. Manages to keep a high state of tension all the way through without relying on jump-scares. Only complaint is that it dragged on for too long. Single playthrough took me about 22 hours.
,Recommended,214490,24788877,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,speling champeon,"Alien Isolation is hands down the greatest atmospheric horror games ever made. The first 5-10 hours of this game is absolutely terrifying thanks to the outstanding work that Creative Assembly put in to keeping the game as true to the films as possible. Despite being in a constant state of anxiety as I played I always had a strong urge to explore the incredible environments.The game play of Alien Isolation by itself could be described as slow and shallow, but it works so dam well with the atmospheric terror and terrific visual design, that you don’t have time to realize that this is the 100th time you’ve have played the door unlock mini game, as you can hear the alien breathing down your neck. Unfortunately as you start to master the game this dose start to become apparent, luckily this didn’t occur for me until some where into my 2nd play through, and even still this just meant I could finally play with a little more freedom from the terror and finally explore Sevastopol Station.The game is constantly throwing new challenges at you as you try to survive and excusing one or two chapters of the game where you have to back track, there are always new levels for you to survive. To aid with your chances of survival you have a number of weapons and cartable distractions which you will be either given or have to find as you progress through the game, most of which have their purpose while others can feel abit obsolete. I feel this can come down to play styles and situation than poor design. There is one weapon however that I feel is to overpowered, theflame thrower, seeing as it becomes your go to defense for dealing the Alien and the games other dangers. This is kind of balanced by its effectiveness being made worse every time you use it, but I was still able to beat the game never running out of ammo for it. I feel more time without it would have kept the fear factor up a lot longer.The only real negative of the game form a technical side is the physics. You will occasionally encounter floating objects and boxes that travel faster than the speed of sound when nudged. Surprisingly in a game that works so hard on immersing the player this is easily looked past.5/5Not a game for the faint-hearted."
,Recommended,214490,24795764,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Killpo1,"Alien Isolation might be one of, if not the best game in the Alien franchise, with only maybe the nostalgia of Alien vs Predator 2 being superior. In the game you are Ellen Ripley's daughter, Amanda, chasing the black box of your mother's ship which is on an isolated space station. As soon as you arrive however, you can tell things have already gone awry within the confines of the station.The level of work the developers put into the games atmosphere is unsurpassed as I was deeply engrossed in the setting right after hitting start. Any Alien fans should merely buy this game for the perpetuation of the art style and theme of the setting. The game is incredibly well paced giving you breathers between the terror that is being hunted and an adapting and intelligent hunter.I would recommend this game for anyone into atmospheric horrors or especially anyone fond of the movie Alien."
,Recommended,214490,24798158,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Dirty Sanchez,If you like the original Alien (1979) Movie Won 1 Oscar. Another 16 wins & 19 nominations) then you will love this. Period.It's nostalgia at its absolute greatest 10/10. Alien Isolation deserves an oscar!Aliens (1986) Movie - Won 2 Oscars. Another 17 wins & 22 nominations.Alien 3 (1992) Nominated for 1 Oscar. Another 5 wins & 19 nominations.Alien: Resurrection (1997) 6 wins & 18 nominations but (No Oscar).
76561197970507186,Recommended,214490,18722360,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,The_Law_Giver,This is by far the best alien game ever
76561198007502460,Recommended,214490,18648590,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ObligedPuppet,"I was afraid that this might be too much of a 'horror' game for my taste.  I was wrong.  It's a sneak game with awesome moments of suspense.  I did have a few jump in my seat moments, but they felt great.  Bravo!  I give this game a solid '10/10, would play again'"
,Recommended,214490,18716419,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Cumichi,Amazing Game 9/10 AI Smart AF Too Spooky For Me Good Game Though.
,Recommended,214490,18538502,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,^1Gogeta,SUCH a great game! I cant wait for the next one! If you like horror games this is the one for you.
,Recommended,214490,21280332,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,FoKinFast twitch.tv/fokinfast,"I recommend this game for everyone that likes logical, timeconsuming and stealthy games.This game has a EPIC gameplay (some bugs tho), but also an epic story!Always loved Aliens since the first movie in 1979(?) and couldnt wait buying this game when I found it on Steam!Highly recommended!Time spent for completing game: 31.6 hours!"
76561198084874625,Recommended,214490,21762058,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,RadimusPrime,"Almost exhaustingly terrifying. I can never seem to get very far in this game before no longer having the will to play it. Constant tension and very vague rules make so you don't know what will attract the Xenomorph. I've been told that there are ways you can figure out the mechanics of the game but I've never been able to figure it out and I want to see if I can survive this game at least once before giving up.Perfect atmosphere, Nearly perfect visuals (when you are in smoke the effect is jarring and comically bad) Great voice acting. It's cheap enough now to get the entire bundle in one go. If you are looking at this on a day where it's on sale and the trailers interest you or you like the original Alien then do yourself a favor and buy this."
,Recommended,214490,21763794,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,homever,"Experience the atmosphere.Creepy as hell when aliens come outWorth the journey for once, and see you..."
76561198000889821,Recommended,214490,24480056,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,JKJ,"Fantastic game! This game is a 10/10 game for the following reasons:Combination of both horror and action-adventureDespite slow start the story builds up very well by creating links of memories of places and namesIts rewarding sufficiently to encourage you to complete the game, yet does not make it any easierIt really does create the atmosphere from the original movieBy combination of animation and graphical effects and sounds you feel like you're in the gameWhen I thought I finished the game it was only half way- wohoo!With such a veriety of tools to use, makes you feel satisfied with your find.Keeps your heart pumping (no need for cardio anymore)"
,Recommended,214490,21347028,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Jay,"The best Alien game in the franchise so far. Creative Assembly have done an excellent job recreating the 70's sci-fi look from the original 1979 film. This is a real survival horror game so don't expect an endless supply of mindless shooting like we saw in Aliens: Colonial Marines.The story is well written and ties in nicely with the movie. The characters you'll meet are also really well done and the game especially shines when it comes to the audio department. The voice cast is fantastic and makes sure you're invested in the story. The sound design and ominous music provide an excellent atmosphere as well.The game looks great too. Apart from the excellent 70's sci-fi look the graphics have sharp textures, nice lighting and shadows and fire and steam effects are also a sight to behold. The game runs really well, usually at a steady 60 fps using max settings with a GTX 970. There's also some great mods out there to push the graphics even further without any significant drop in performance, be sure to check them out.Let's talk gameplay. Apart from the Alien you will have to go up against some deadly malfunctioning Androids and even some groups of people that trust no one and will shoot you on sight. The AI in this game is pretty darn good. Especially the Alien will actively hunt you down wherever you go which makes this game full of terrifying moments. Weapons are scarce here so pretty much your only means of survival is to be smart, hide when you can and avoid the Alien as much as possible. Later on some weapons will be available to you but ammo can be hard to find so your most trusty tools will be your motion tracker and the various equipment you'll discover throughout your journey on the massive space station Sevastopol.The game is not without its flaws though. The game takes roughly 20 hours to complete but during that time you'll mostly be doing similar tasks such pulling levers, hacking doors, gathering key cards and performing various little fetch tasks in order to progress. This can get a little repetitive over time, especially near the end. Also, while the Alien and androids are terrifying for the first few hours after a while you'll start to see patterns in their navigation and avoiding them gets easier. I also felt the ending was a little underwhelming.Despite all of that though this game deserves a recommendation, not just for fans of the Alien franchise but also to everyone that likes survival horror games or wants to try a game that does something different for a change."
76561198063089365,Recommended,214490,21878572,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Lewis,"Alright so I am writing this review directly after finishing the game in order to give my most direct thoughts about the game. First off: This game is absolutley terrifying. I loved it. So if you are someone who doesn't get pleasure out of playing horror games, then this game is not for you. Now for the gameplay, the gameplay in this game is incredibly well put together, the controls are great (once you get them down), the Alien is very unpredictable at first, but once you get a knack for the style of stealth you need to play in order to survive, you begin to feel like a master when you are able to evade the Alien in some crazy scenarios. The story, of course, is great, it kept making me want to play to the end. There are several little puzzles and inputs you need to do in order to complete certain tasks such as pulling levers, starting generators, putting in keycodes on panels, and using your Ion Torch to take panels off of doors and such. The reason I am saying that is because it really adds a great type of immersion to the game where YOU feel like you are doing it and you can't just rely on the abilities of Ripley to automatically do tasks in scenarios where the Alien is nearby! And on top of all that, this game give you great bang for it's buck. Sure, the game is very pricey, but this game's campaign took me 18, count it,18hours of gameplay to beat it! Sure, I was playing on the hardest difficulty so I did die and have to replay quite a few parts, but if you wait for a sale where this game can be half price, and even if not.. $60 is well worth this game's playtime and replayability in survival. I HIGHLY reccommend this game to anyone who likes games of the horror genre. Hands down one of the best Horror games I have ever played. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,214490,22054873,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,MashYourFace,"If you want a game that will get your heart racing and keep you up all night from sheer terror, this is the one. The look, feel and sound is spot on Alien. One of the best and worst things about it is the random nature of the Alien itself. You never know when it will show itself, which will keep you cowering under a desk for minutes at a time. But once you get to used to it, it becomes less terrifying and more frustrating waiting for your moment to move.As far as the port to pc goes, I could have mistaken this for a pc exclusive game. Also it should be said that all the DLC is very short and not worth buying, they really should have included them in the base game."
,Recommended,214490,21394626,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Major Wibble,"Pros:Amazing graphics that nailed the 70s Sci-Fi look.Fantastic sound design.Adds to the Alien universe.Animations are amazing.AI is very good but was definitely over-hypedCons:Story is way too long and becomes very uninteresting.Once you get over the sp00ky Alien it becomes a major annoyance.Most deaths in this game are instant meaning you could spend half an hour scooting around on your♥♥♥♥♥only to get instantly killed and put all the way back at the start.This game is WAY too long! Like holy sh!t this game drags on forever, everytime you think its going to end it doesn't!"
,Recommended,214490,21823869,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Critical Hit,Nearly made my♥♥♥♥♥♥myself on more than one occasion. And I didn't even get very far.10/10-Basically a free colonic.
,Recommended,214490,21862406,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Philizard,"Decided to have a break from stressful study.Chose to play Alien: IsolationNow, I need another break to relax.... and so does my dog who is cowering under my feet.----I bought this game on sale, and honestly, I would have paid full price if I only knew what I was missing. Alien: Isolation instantly shows that it was made by people who are massive fans of the original Alien movie. Not only can their passion be seen in developing a game reflecting the style of the original movie but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did they succeed at nailing it.This isn't another action 'Aliens' game, but a horror 'Alien' game. I recommend it to anyone who loves the movies, and is fine with feeling vulnurable and defenceless... in a box... with the perfect killer.---I hope you enjoy!"
,Recommended,214490,22064657,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Pvt. Partts,"So, you're walking in a corridor, right? Just before you got into that corridor, there was a chase scenario with you and that Big Bad Black Thing, right? Everything's quiet. You hold SPACE to check where that thing went. You see nothing. No blip. No noise. You assume you lost it. 10 seconds after walking straight in the corridor, you here the only sound that keeps you sane, the telephone. You run up, you look at it; huh? It says ""ENEMIES AROUND"" but you don't care. You do it anyway. BUT WAIT! As soon as you press your action button, you here it. You here the little ""ERR"" sound coming from your motion tracker...""NO NO NO!"" you exclaim. The following is prompt on your screen, ""WOULD YOU LIKE TO OVERWRITE THIS SAVE?"" You meant to click yes because there was a closet behind you and you knew you were going to be safe, but no. Cursor slipped, you pressed ""No"", buddy. Your arrogance took over, you think to yourself, ""Nah, i can save this in time and slightly jog to the closet behind me, no big deal."" You hear it. You hear it coming from the vents. The prompt comes up, you press yes this time, you run to the closet...Oh no...did you RUN to the closet? Out of fear, or out of impatience? Either way that thing knows where you're at. You think to yourself, ""Oh it's not that far, how can it hear me from here? *THUMP THUMP THUMP* It enters your room, looking drastically under beds, shelvers, counters, everything. Then as you think it's about to leave, it turns back...It looks into the closet that you're in and senses it, you lean back, hold your breath...THEN BAM DEAD, YOU SCREAM THROW YOUR HEADPHONES AND UNINSTALL BECAUSE YOU SUCK AT THIS GAME! But I digress...9/10 Highly recommended for PTSD when playing hide and seek in your mother's closet"
,Recommended,214490,22064896,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Arkkienkeli,Recommended for fans of the first movie and for those not easily deferred by a few challenging spots here and there. The presentation is absolutely phenomenal but some mechanics got kind of old during the ~20 h it took me to beat the game on hard difficulty. I do hope that Sega gives the sequel a green light.
,Recommended,214490,21312707,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Slow_Ninja,"As a huge Alien fan, but not really into the horror game genre I bought this on sale hesitantly. Boy am I glad I did. I was on edge from the very and I know woke my girlfriend up a few times when I would jump and yes... slightly scream. I would say to wear headphones while playing this game and I liked to keep the lights off. I will say parts of the game did drag on(like the medical lab), but overall it was a great experience."
76561198032095857,Recommended,214490,22095108,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Stingrayita,This game almost gave me an hearth attack and almost made me kill my cat.Best  use of a movie license to game  i've seen to this day.
76561197970521337,Recommended,214490,21201065,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Zukuri,"Okay so. . . In my opinion, this is more like what half-life 2 should have been. Those of you that played half life 1 back when it was the latest and greatest, remember what it was like. Brand new AI, an exceptional amount of weaponry and the need for all of it in every encounter. Well paced. Very scarey sometimes when the noises of aliens would go off and had you checking every corner. Make or Break puzzles and strange collection side objectives (get scientist to open this door), and a story line that was quite creepy.Alien: Isolation is everything that the original half-life is today. It's not just boasting technology advances (like half-life 2) it boasts good story, dangerously random AI, situations that force the player to plan, strategize and think. These are all things that were in half-life one that made it a STUPENDOUS game that spawned a plethora of offshoots: CS, TF, Sven Coop, and that's not counting the follow ups built for half-life source/half-life 2. Alien Isolation is the best game I've played in a LONG LONG time."
,Recommended,214490,23764933,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pumbalisk,"Really good game if you are a fan of the Alien franchise.The atmosphere is great, you'll get scared and surprised many times through the single player campaign.Gameplay is pretty standard for FPS games, but the crafting system is a really nice addiction.Storywise, the game has a good script, which even permeates through the franchise lore and offers some interesting moments.Highly recommended if you are an Alien's fan. If you are not into the franchise, but still likes horror games, it's also worth a shot. Don't miss it if it's on sale!"
,Recommended,214490,23765547,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ShOdinReepr,"As a fan of the movie franchise I cannot help but be bias. So I'll be bias. I highly, highly recommend this game. Bias aside... this is probably the best ""alien"" game made to date. But don't take my word for it, 'cause ya know... bias."
76561198027954037,Recommended,214490,21825899,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Horizonist,"TL;DR This is, by far and wide, the best Alien game ever made, on any platform. Do not miss it even if the Alien franchise is not really your thing - it's that good.UPDATE: Finished the game. Absolutely loved it.Some reviewers have complained about ""too much backtracking"" during the second half of the game. I do not understand this criticism at all - at most it takes you 5 minutes to travel across already visited places to reach a mission area.(Note: early-game review, will most likely be expanded over time)So far, I have no qualms saying this is by far the best Alien game I have ever played. The amount of effort (and. I dare say, love) that has been invested in it stands out at pretty much every turn.Pros:+ The atmosphere, no words. You simply have to experience it.+ The environment. The attention to detail and coherence with the Alien universe is astonishing. Not a single inch of Sevastopol feels bland or uninspired.+ The graphics. Fantastic work on item detail, lighting, and character animations (especially faces).+ The audio. Everything from the soundtrack down to the creaking of closing lockers is near perfection, and adds an enormous sense of immersion (especially when played with headphones).+ The voice acting. These are proper actors, and their line deliveries feel on point and authentic.+ This game is LONG (about 20 hours on hard).Cons:- The AI, sometimes. Frankly, there are points where the Aliens AI just acts dumb to the point where it takes you out of the game. Even playing on hard, I have had it chase me to lockers it CLEARLY saw me enter, only to suddenly wander off in another direction once I closed the door.- Arbitrary barriers. It does take me out of the game when a bunch of half-meter boxes effectively force me to crawl through the vents to get around them.- Lip synch. This is just bad - none of it feels natural, and it does break immersion a bit when a character shoots of a full sentence when barely moving his/her lips. With all the amazing work that was done on the graphics, it's truly a shame this was neglected.- The trailers. Writing this review and having the trailers playing in the background, I just realised they give away a ton of plot. Stay clear of them.All in all, this is a great game. You owe it to yourself to give it a try."
76561198290924694,Recommended,214490,21878624,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Absinthe Suisse,"Having played over half of the game I feel like a review is in order. Being a huge fan of the Alien franchise and scary games in general I am glad I picked this game up. It is a pure survival horror affair. The Alien is relentless and cannot be killed but they are others out to get you as well, your paranoid shipmates have turned on you and will shoot on sight and those pesky  androids are exhibiting some glitches in their software and are killing people as well.Even though you can slowly craft and amass a small arsenal of weapons they all come with pros and cons. The main pro being there isn't any situation you can't get yourself out of with the correct weapon or tool. The main con of using these weapons or tools is the noise they make typically causes the Alien to start hunting for you.The visuals are simply amazing, the controls are spot on and possibly the best part of the game is the sound. You cannot move 6 inches without hearing creaking floors, hissing ventilation, doors opening and closing, thumps, thuds and this strange hissing / screetching sound from within the vents and halls... not sure what is causing those.If you like survival horror and have the patience to creep and crawl your way around for hours on end then do yourself and favor and pick up this gem, it is outstanding."
76561198083601581,Recommended,214490,22009128,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Rot Bear,"This game is a gem. A masterpiece that Ridley Scott and the creators of the original Alien movie could be entertained by, and be proud to have sparked the imagination of the creators of this game. It is a true to the original series psycological thriller geared towards suspense. I've always wondered what it would be like to be on the Nostromo in the Alien movie with the alien after me, and that is what Alien: Isolation has given to us gamers who enjoyed the movie. You get to use the cutting torches, the stun baton, the flame thrower, those weird sectioned cylinder thingies that are at the end of Alien, and the nifty pump to prime before turning on the generator things from Jurassic Park. Other than a very few minor things like a  bug (bug?) where I was in space in a space suit with a burning molotov coctail in my hand I bestow upon this game the following rating:10/10  -PerfectI've read some bad reviews, and I think people are just nit picking. I had this game for quite a while before I was able to get into it due to some hardware related crash issues, and me being inept at survival horror games. I got stuck near the beginning right after getting the hacking tool because I had no concept of sneaking like this game requires. There were 3 guys, and some with guns so my thought was to kill one with a gun, take the gun and shoot the other 2... Wrong!In closing I'd like to leave the following message to the creators of Alien: Isolation. BRAVO!!!  STANDING OVATION!!! think of me pelting you in the head with a barrage of roses, and then a cat..  for laughs. My hat is off to you all! Cheers, praise, and love. Please fix being able to be in space with a burning molotov, and next time be sure to fly a black flag so people know what kind of story it is. BRAVO!!!  *CHEER*"
,Recommended,214490,23607600,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"the visuals are impressive. The soundtrack is authentic to the movie. love the gritty 70's vibe of some parts of the game. I stopped playing it for a little while and just got back into it. it is a  very hard but good challenge game. Some buggy things have happened with the A.I but nothing game breaking. Overall it has been fun and i'm glad i opted to get the pc version over the ps4.  good job sega, now remaster streets of rage trilogy!"
76561198000818976,Recommended,214490,21821634,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,markthedrummer,This is the Alien game you always wanted. AvP classic was great too obviously. Very scary and looks great
,Not Recommended,214490,21874891,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,BlueWizardHat,"Bought at a sale, played for 40 minutes. That's 40 minutes spent walking around at an extremely slow pace, collecting scraps and visiting terminals, never saw an alien. 40 minutes of boredom  that I'll never get back. I understand that sometimes you need to build up to the excitement, but this game didnt even manage to do that.I am not spending even more of my time hoping that I might get to the good parts ""soon"", the game should have captured me by now.. It didn't!Requestet a refund."
,Recommended,214490,21997802,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Lymanity,"Good survival horror. It does the Alien franchise justice, especially the titular first film.But, that ending was the most obnoxiously drawn out (and I'm not exaggerating) experience I've had with a game. I would have called it a great title if it weren't for this whole, ""We're about to be done!"" and then, ""Oh, something has happened and you've suffered a set back in finishing."" I'm not talking like once or twice. It's ridiculous.Anyways, worth a play."
,Recommended,214490,22035631,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Procyon Molotov,Best Scare The Crap Outta You Simulator11/10
76561198021130943,Recommended,214490,22087178,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,DukeOfGonzo,"This game is almost flawless. If you like survival/horror games, this one is the best among them. The pacing is dynamic enough to keep you on your toes all the time, especially after a falsely comforting lull here and there. The graphics are amazing yet it hardly had my system temperatures go up.However well made this game is, it becomes truly outstanding If you're anAliensuperfan. The 70s sci-fi aesthetics perfectly match that of the first movie. More importantly, it accurately captures that sounds. The lumbering of the creature, the rumbling air ducts, the alarm claxons and the chilling music that accompanies the dramatic moments.The one flaw is that there is too much of this game. Once you get to the last third of the missions, it no longer feels frightening. Perhaps if the game was just a little shorter the game would have stayed chilling all the way to the end. I was almost aggravated by the time I finished.That's a champagne problem though. The game is the video game jewel of anAlienenthusiast."
,Recommended,214490,18723198,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Mac DeMarco,"i enjoed it, the graphics was good, recommend this game for the brave ones, 7/10."
,Recommended,214490,29007856,Posted: 4 January,all,Orthopaktis ☦,"One of the best games and probably the best horror game I've ever played. It's graphics are well above average (8.5/10) with very little to complain about short of a few low resolutions that you barely notice. The game runs smoothly and has only given me a few non-gamebreaking bugs; one of which was running into an elevator and pressing the button just escaping the Xenomorph by a hair, or so I thought as he was hilariously standing beside me in the elevator. It's story, gameplay and content are all phenomenal (9+/10).I highly recommend it if you like horror games or are a fan of the Alien franchise."
76561198120120855,Recommended,214490,28962600,Posted: 2 January,all,Aki秋,This game is beyond the Quality. it should have won the GOTY.
76561198145167907,Recommended,214490,22684116,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Almsi,"Awesome game!This review is written before having actually finished the game! (you have to check your house for Aliens from time to time, and take a moment to relax, IF none were to be found)Very immersive, you can actually feel the Alien hunting you due to incredible sound effects. The graphics are excelent, and the object modeling is taken straight out of the movies.Levels are well designed, giving you many tools to achieve your goals.The game is very well optimised (at least for AMD hardware - 280X), i do not get any frame drops on 1440p resolution, and i can't think of many games performing as well on maximum settings.The game has a way of building real tension, the most authentic feeling of fear, without cheap jump scares. You'll love every moment when you'll find an apparent safe spot to save after surviving a close encounter...but you won't be safe even while saving. In fact you have to be quick with every mini-game, hack, and time your saves well, because enemies still move and think and they will most certainly try to get you while you're not paying attention.Have I told you that the Alien learns what you do and adapts? Use the same trick too many times and you're the one who's going to get tricked!I advise playing on hard, without turning up the brightness and with headphones on.But only if there aren't people moving in the room around you, or you'll get a heart attack and will always have a terrified look on your face when you'll see them from then on. Be warned!"
,Recommended,214490,22416534,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,✙ Doc Adam ✙,"IntroductionAs a hardcore Alien fan i was excited to play a game like Isolation, which is loosely based on the original Alien (1979), and i was not disappointed. Isolation offers a great survival experience, as you step into a Nostromo-like vessel against different kinds of enemies. Unlike previous Alien (or AVP) titles, the developers did their best and delivered us a well designed game. Personally, i think it's the best entry of the entire Alien franchise.Story(No Spoilers)The flight recorder of the Nostromo was discovered, 15 years after the disappearance of the vessel. It is located on a ship called Anesidora, on the Sevastopol remote space station. Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen Ripley, hoping to gain knowledge about her mother's fate, follows 2 Weyland - Yutani members in the station, which is not inhabited only by humans.Game TimeTook me about 18 hours to finish the Campaign. The time someone needs to complete Survival Mode missions can't be calculatedIn detailAn atmospheric stealth - suvrival horror game that gives you the Alien experience better than any Alien game / movie. The atmospheric and realistic gameplay make you feel like a crew member. The first horror title of the entire Alien franchise leaves a very positive opinion, despite the existence of some not-so-minor drawbacks.Pros+ Graphics are as good as they get, and the game's requirements are not high at all.+ The sound effects are the crown jewel. A masterpiece. Sound is essential in a horror game's design, and Isolation designers nailed it. Not only the main sounds are great, but also the random vents / steps are so realistic that can give you a heart attack. The voice acting was not equally great, though.+ The environment of the Sevastopol was also good. Well designed interiors that remind us of the Nostromo, detailed enough to assist the other parts of the game give it a totally realistic look. Everything in the game are inspired by the original movie, and this is obvious with a closer look at the items in the game like the save devices, the computers, the motion sensor. Isolation even has the dusty look of the movie.+ The gameplay was satisfying. Mostly hide & seek with some action parts, but generally, you can choose your approach and the enemies will repsond accordingly. There are also some minigames you complete via hacking PDA / cutting tools.+ A variety of weapons and stuff to use, but with barely enough ammo to make you feel safe, and they are to be used with caution.+ The AI is good(ish). There are many ways off a difficult situation, most of them via your inventory, and the enemies will respond accordingly.+ Survival Mode. Kinda compensates the absent multiplayer. You start of with some equipment / weapons, with a time limit and some objectives. It is fast paced.Cons- The story is poor. A side story which as nothing to the franchise. Also, the plot is totally predictable, with some exceptions. This does not make the game less scary, but some horror games have more interesting plots- The AI is not functioning correctly at some points. Sometimes enemies can spot you even if you hide in the darkest corner of the room and at the same time cant hear your steps 1 meter behind them. At some other points, the Alien will walk around your exact location even if it doesnt know you are there, won't give a damn about the flare you threw as a distraction while at other points will spot a flare 3 rooms away with a huge delay. This AI mulfunction can provoke the following.- Boring gameplay from time to time. The AI problems might make you end up hiding in a closet or under a desk for several minutes, only to die by the time the enemy finally spots you. Also, the ammount of deaths you will experience is too damn high. Possibly the major problem of the game. Barely 20 hours of gameplay cant normally make you feel bored. That's the only reason the vast majority of people didnt even complete the game (The achievement you get for completing the story is owned only by 5% of the owners of the game).- The price, especially for DLCs. Absent multiplayer, with only one survival mission, 50 euros (and another 50 for the DLCs which double the game time) are probably a lot. But it's still worth it.Concluding, this game is worth buying, if you can afford it. If you cant, grab it on sale9.0  / 10.01. Dont touch it even if it's on the house [0-3 / 10].2. If you are bored of every other game [3-5 / 10].3. Grab it whenever it's on sale (or pay the full price if you are wealthy enough) [6-8 / 10]4. Must Have [9-10 / 10]"
76561198127271903,Recommended,214490,13542789,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,*TEKY*,I really like this game because it's very exciting but terrifying aswell.
,Recommended,214490,15065981,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Skeleten80,Super intense !!!! Love it
76561198153572876,Recommended,214490,15075952,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,adridot,"tension and suspens, good story and epic ending, highly recommended."
76561198022691501,Recommended,214490,13544169,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bright-Raven,to keep short just intense
,Recommended,214490,18899599,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Merry,"I don't remember exactly how old I was but at some point during my childhood, after much begging and pleading, I convinced my parents to let me watch the original Alien movie. I remember my mother telling me ""If you have nightmares you still have to sleep in your own bed... understand?"" and I agreed to these terms. I had no idea what I was getting myself into... no idea whatsoever.To this day Alien and the sequel Aliens are two of the most intensely unsettling and scary films I've seen. ""Great, so what does this have to do with Alien: Isolation?"" you ask. There have been multiple attempts through the years to port the intensity of the Alien franchise into a viable video game but in my opinion all of them have fallen short - all of them except for this one. Alien: Isolation is the real deal. If you're a fan of xenomorphs, the low-fi technology of the future envisioned in the late 70s and early 80s, being scared out of your mind and the haunting solitude of space stop what you're doing right now and buy this game.Alien: Isolation ""feels"" so much like the first two movies it is unbelievable. The AI for the xenomorph is truly impressive. When played on the recommended level of difficulty (just below insane) you'll be constantly on edge and looking over your shoulder nonstop.Buy this game, turn out the lights, put on your headphones or some good surround sound and buckle up."
76561198049539281,Recommended,214490,23207516,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bendy52,"Alien Isolation capture the feel of tense and horror of being hunted by leathel creature, which is what an Alien game should be about, it also include somehow an advanced AI ( compared to other games ) which is the Alien AI, even though that with time that intellgence wears out.Pro :- Good graphics for a game of that kind, on Ultra the game looks good, and its optimized.- gives a good horror\thrill feelings, and that's what you excpect from such a game.- nice controll for the game and the Physics are spot on and nice.- smart AI which make the game challanging compared to others AAA titles.cons :- the game gets abit repatitive at some points and thats caused partly by the 2nd  negative point- you cant kill Aliens in an Alien game lol yup, some killing at least every now and then would have made it better game.rating : 79\100 get it at least for the sales price, even with the DLC\s"
,Recommended,214490,22246882,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,darksomos,"10/10This game made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants so much that I ran out of fresh pants and had to go wash laundry so I could♥♥♥♥♥♥all of my pants again from playing this game.In all seriousness, this game is truly a loveletter to the original Alien movie, and is honestly the most soul-grippingly terrifying game I have ever played. Also, the GRAPHICS and AUDIO are just so damn perfect! I've played my fair share of Crysis 3, and this game is second in fidelty only to that. This is going to sound insane, and I can't believe I'm writing this, but for this first few hours of my first playthrough, I was convinced thast this game was too realistic and scary for me, because the amazing graphics, unsettlingly amazing audio, and overall game feel were just so overwhelmingly scary and atmospheric. I was put off by how enveloping it was (and is); it is just that good.Worth paying full price. If you love atmospheric horror and/or the Alien franchise, but especially if you love the first Alien movie more than all the rest combined: this is the game you've waited all of your life for."
,Recommended,214490,30033308,Posted: 19 February,all,IBa4grama3,when you play well optimz  game-feel happy-not like fallout 4 tho
,Recommended,214490,24138704,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,N. Petrova,"Shhhh be quiet Alien coming ! very dark and scary, you will certainly feel the fear"
,Recommended,214490,18749565,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,HeyJoe[HUN]PC RPG Community,Pure perfection & FEAR. So far the best ALIEN video game.
,Recommended,214490,12391455,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,General CadBane ||{ρ.ω.ι.}||,Yes it is a good game and it's got that element of surpise (8/10)I like it but i haven't played a lot of it but i am enjoying what i did play already!
,Recommended,214490,12416933,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Khryn,"Atmospheric.  Beautiful.  Scarey.If you are a fan of the movie Alien, you will be pleased.  If you preferthe gunning of the sequel Aliens, you might not enjoy it as much.Don't expect much combat and when there is it is clunky and definitelynot the forte of the game.Turn out the lights.  Turn up your audio.  Play it on Hard.  Die a lot.  Getscared a lot.  Enjoy."
,Recommended,214490,13197203,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Galf,"Are you a hardcore fan of the Alien movies? Buy this. That's as short as it gets. And I think no higher praise can be made to an Alien game, than saying it will be perfect for Alien fans.I don't remember well the movies, I just love H.R. Giger's art and vision, I definitely need to re-watch them.I'll try to go by pointsPros:- the game engine is a masterpiece. It will run well on toasters, and look good while doing so. Have a good gaming rig? You can realistically play it at 4k @ 60fps. (I am playing it now at 4k downscaled to 1200p)- it's a work of love made by Alien fans, for Alien fans, and for people who love challenging survival horror games.- gameplay is AAA+ good. It's everything a game of this genre should be. You will be actually afraid of making any noise, you will find yourself trying to not move stuff too much, out of fear the Alien will show up.- the game is LONG. And I mean it, it's really taking it's damn time. I tried before buying so my hours played counter is not accurate, but I'll def re-play it and see how long it really is. I guess it's around 15-20 hours of solid gameplay.- you'll go back to places you've visited before, in different situations. This is a mechanic I love in these games.Cons:- the game AI is a bit on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ side of things, survivors tend to be suicidally stupid, and the Alien tends to walk in fixed patterns, it's obnoxious in one stage of the game, and fairly annoying, but after that stage (I'm talking about Medical) Alien behaviour will make much more sense. It's not a game ruining thing, it will provide a couple of ""What?"" moments, but that's it.- there's aliasing everywhere. I had to force Sparse Grid Supersampling 4x ON TOP OF playing it at 4k downscaled to 1200p to have a smooth game.- only BIG gripe I have with the game: SINGLE SAVE SLOT! If I invite friends over to play the game I can't make them try it from the start, or they'll delete my progress.I still haven't finished it, but I'm having a blast so far. Very very worth buying."
76561198050807294,Recommended,214490,13285610,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Celtic Warrior,Alien isolation - GOTY 2014
,Recommended,214490,13840449,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,dubliz,"Really nice roller coaster of emotions!I don't play survival-horror games a lot, but this was worth it. Great atmosphere of the game, nice graphics and great Alien AI which makes you feel adrenaline rush and suspense all throughout the game. It does get frustrating several times when you die a lot of times in some certain places, but when you finally pass through them - you feel like a real Survivor ^^By the way I really liked the voice of the main protagonist - so much drama there :DRecommend this game to all alien franchise fans!"
,Recommended,214490,17110657,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Nigel Burke,"Let me just say for a fact that this is honestly the scariest game I ever played or seen, even scarier than Outlast. If you don't want this game because of the infamous Aliens: Coloniel Marines, well then let me tell you that this is not a bad game at all. However, this game is about stealth, not shooting or killing things. Well it is true that there are guns and that have to fight humans and androids, that is only the smallest portion of the game. Otherwise, it's stealth.The game takes in 2137, which is 15 years after Alien takes place. You play as Amanda Ripley, who is the daughter of Ellen Ripley trying to find out what happened to her mother. So you go on a ship, where 3 people (Including Amanda Ripley) go out into space where something terrible happens and you are then by yourself. What you are trying to do is contact Torrens, a ship, so you can get back safely.If you don't like stealth games, you will hate Alien: Isolation because that is what it is all about. You can't make too much noise or you'll have the Alien go out, where it will kill you. The game is basically like Outlast combined with Alien. If you dare even shook while watching Alien or Aliens at all, then you'll be screaming like crazy when playing this. This is a survival horror game where instead of always having those cheap jumpscares, the environment will make you scared. Sometimes I had to pause the game because I was so scared. However, that doesn't make Alien: Isolation a bad game.FINAL VERDICT: 9/10+Long Campaign (Will take you atleast 15 hours to complete)+Looks a lot better than Aliens: Coloniel Marines+No ""Fake"" demo that looks better than the actual game+Starting the game has an awesome opening (Shows the Fox 20th Century logo, but in 1980's TV)+It's an Alien game that wasn't horrible or bad at all-Lip syncing is horrible-Glitches and BugsThis is a must buy for Alien fans."
,Not Recommended,214490,13529982,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nirrtix,"The game is a deep suspense game where you have to hide and preserve your ammunition. This game is more of a survival by hiding than going in guns a blazing. I know some might not like that kind of game, I will admit at times it get a little tedious.The story is great and fits well into the Alien universe. However it kinda drags in my opinion.I would like to revise this in so far I feel like I am more hiding from Robots than aliens. Ant-ialiasing is poor, which other than that the game is graphically well made. I have not finished the game as running from robots is kinda boring with the occasional alien attack."
,Recommended,214490,32064725,Posted: 30 May,all,seanmcclure,"THE ONLY REVIEW YOU NEED:What helps when you buy this game:* You like Immersion* You like the Alien Franchise* You like stealth* You are okay with dying quite a few times* You are okay with manual save points spread thin* You like story and atmosphereI love this game. I was sure I would hate it. I was terrified and loved it.From the beginning it is a familiar tale. Place in distress, against your better judgement you go there, all hell breaks loose. Nothing is right with this space station and you will love it. People, androids, and freaking Aliens are your greatest enemies. It's white knuckle at times and it's great."
,Recommended,214490,26106386,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,[MB]Xeno,"maybe not replayable much, but the story is worth it. definitely needs a sequel. kinda disappointed that you dont get season pass for preordering"
,Recommended,214490,12464782,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MY DESTINY IS MY OWN,My Body was ready for the alien.
,Recommended,214490,28819789,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kodyd194,"Alien: Isolation is a Horror game I really enjoyed for the most part. I have to say I really love the enviromentals, art, sound and overall atmosphere of the game. Being a pretty big Alien fan getting a game as well made as Alien Isolation was a pretty big shocker in my opinion. I Strongly recommend the game to any Horror or Alien fans out there. It is of pretty decent length, taking me about twenty hours to complete (including DLC).I hope we get a sequel at some point, but more importantly I hope that Creative Assembly make another game on this engine."
,Not Recommended,214490,31814770,Posted: 17 May,all,HiTopps,"I really wanted to play this game, but unfortunately the head bob makes me incredibly nauseous. I get motion sickness pretty easily in real life, but in video games it usually doesn't bother me. This was an exception, and since it's impossible to disable head bob it is completely unplayable for me. Some people don't mind it, so I would advise to go watch a little bit of a Let's Play to see if it affects you. If someone makes a mod to remove head bob then I would give it a shot, but until then, I can't recommend this game. Also my desktop icons got rearranged every time I opened the game, for some reason."
,Not Recommended,214490,32225678,Posted: 6 June,all,budesimo,"Good atmosphere, but repetitive and boring game. The alien ALWAYS finds you. Does not really matter what you do.  If you hide and stay there... the Alien just runs an infinite patrol around that area. It started so well, a really immersive horror/adventure game, but it got annoying and boring so quickly."
,Recommended,214490,12479653,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,"Danny Devito as ""Frank Reynolds""","FINALLY a proper Alien game. I've only been waiting like, what? 20+ years?The chaps at Creative Assembly have finally done the franchise justice and given the fans a true Survival Horror experience with this title. In previous Aliens games they were fodder, now the creature is to be feared again. You went from ""oh more Aliens, I'll empty my Smart Gun"" to ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥where can I hide!?""I've yet to finish the game but so far I'm very, very impressed. The attention to detail to the enviornment ie textures, level design, props etc. Is accurate to a T. Everything from the sound effects to the symbols on walls to the little ""drinking bird"" is done with exact detail to the 1979 film. The Alien AI is challenging on all difficulties and you'll be second guessing yourself constantly when it comes to supply management & what routes to take, and WHEN to take them in order not to smack into the Alien face first. If there's one thing this game emphasizes, it's flight before fight. This isn't a guns blazing game. Ammunition is scarce and any type of combat, or loud noises in general will attract the Alien. As a result, this game teaches you how to be a Ninja very quickly. I could go on but I'd just be reiterating what other users have added in their reviews. My only complaint is that the Human AI seems a tad bit wonky. I ran into some survivors early on in my first playthrough and they didn't react to me whatsoever. And a Working Joe android somehow glitched out of his stasis pod  and attacked me when I was hiding in the same room. But nothing game breaking.TL;DR SCARY ALIEN, RON COBB ENVIORNMENTS, DRINKY BIRD, BUY."
,Recommended,214490,12840878,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Hidden Inside,"Its the most atmospheric game there is since Vampires Bloodlines, done extremely in style of the original movie.9/10"
76561198041142320,Recommended,214490,29757494,Posted: 7 February,all,Devil,Likely the only thing that will ever change Elon Musk's Space expansion goal.
76561198382792781,Recommended,214490,33103816,Posted: 1 July,all,Q_Factor23,The perfect survival horror game. -Absolutely stunning visuals.  Impeccable sound design and good story and the unforgiving yet rewarding experience to try and out-wit your foes.
,Recommended,214490,13315724,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Secrets,"- Remind me of my younger days, watching alien 1 2 3, and now it became a game- Good graphic, great example for NextGen Games- First excellent Alien game in a long time.- The characters do not look very real, except Alien- The game lives up to the original movie"
,Recommended,214490,15119936,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jimmi,"Im so impressed by this gameDifferent feel than  the likes of Dead Space, i haven't played anything quite like it before. Very well paced, great sound and atmosphere. Highly recommend it."
76561197962377298,Recommended,214490,12424963,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ShadowMan,"This game was done right! Considering the previous disapointments of Alien vs the Predator and Alien Colonial Marines, this game is leagues ahead, it is very well done. The game draws you into the story. It's also scary and suspenseful."
,Recommended,214490,34649786,Posted: 31 August,all,Loafus Crambuckle,Spooky
,Recommended,214490,35020942,Posted: 17 September,all,AℓʍᵰℍℴT,Woah!! Really!!
,Not Recommended,214490,16565515,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,jaerrico,"Great game that is no fun to play. When skill is replaced with luck, you're helpless. Add horrible save points and you quit playing."
76561197977401021,Not Recommended,214490,15273476,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Donkey Kong's Mom,"This game had such a promising start and so much potential, with faithful-to-the-series environment and story. However, the game slowly deteriorates and made me end up hating it. The only reason I finished was for the sake of finishing what I have started, because:The game kept dragging on, cut scenes where you clip through scenery, death scenes that auto-track, glitched lockers that hiding in will always result in death, floating weapons sitting in air (sometimes which can be seen through surfaces), inconsistent gameplay constantly jumping from stealth to action to ""puzzles"", weapon upgrades that do not make a difference, some enemies being impossibly hard to see, unexplained puzzles ripped from other games, weapons with no use (flares, smoke bombs), never giving ammo or components, a health bar even though most attacks kill in one hit, back tracking to extend a game that is already too long, no explanation for basic game functions (map downloads, objective ""arrow""), the alien moves like a human rather than like the ""Alien"" aliens (never crawls, always stays on the ground), never knowing where you are going or why you are going there, spending 90% of the game crouching or slowly walking, reloading weapons occasionally dumping out all current ammo and reloading only the ammo that was missing before reloading, button inputs being eaten (especially reloading), the alien often ignores all other AI and only hunts you, maps being overly complicated (especially when dealing with multiple floors, with only one button to swap from floors without relation), inability to tell friend from foe, most puzzles consisting of having to get a passcode from a computer to unlock a keycard to use on a power module where you pump a handle to power on that generator to power a door that you have to unlock with a switch, and probably the biggest offense being an alien that you avoid by staying ""out of sight"" because, you know, ""Alien"" aliens can see.... the very basis of the majority of gameplay is based on an inconsistency with the movies."
,Not Recommended,214490,30751470,Posted: 26 March,all,el gato,"I am right on the knife's edge about this game.I wanted to love it.  Certainly there are a lot of things to love.  The theme, the score, the spookiness, the way it made me look up when walking down the hallway at work.  The fact that it was so absorbing that when my cell phone rang, I literally jumped.  Amanda Ripley was great.  She was the reason I kept playing.  I needed to know what happened to her.The problem is the parts that I hated.  First, do NOT get this game unless you at least tolerate stealth games.  And if you only tolerate them it's a near thing.  I almost stopped playing in chapters 5, 6, 11, and 14.Be prepared to spend tens of minutes cowering in closets while the alien literally walks around the perimeter of the room in front of you over and over again.You can only save at certain physical points, so be prepared to spend 20 minutes sneaking and closet hopping only to die in the last stretch where you have to cross open ground, over and over, even on the easiest setting.  I started on the normal setting, and moved it down as frustration overcame me.Be prepared to be killed by the alien from behind when you've got your back into a corner, or when you can literally see it in front of you.I like games where if I do things right, I can get through after maybe 3, 4, 5 tries.  This was not that game.   I am not great at stealth, but this was something else.  The alien would randomly kill me in closets even when I was holding down the two buttons for extra hiding.In the end, the frustration outweighed the joys."
76561198074539012,Not Recommended,214490,18719325,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,raaaaay,"I can't recommend this game, and I say this with a heavy heart and plenty of guilt. Let me be clear, it is an absolutely brilliant game. No other game has kept me at the edge of my seat as much as this (with the possible exception of Tomb Raider). The thing is, while many of you may love it, it's just not my kind of game. Now let me explain myself so you can decide whether you want this game; which, if you're the kind of gamer like me, you won't.The kind of games I loved: Call of Juarez Gun Slinger, Bioshock, FarCry, Tomb Raider, Metro (2033 and Last Light), Dishonoured. What do they have in common? You can kill stuff! And in some cases (Call of Juarez and FarCry) it's quite satisfying to do so. There are games like Alien Isolation where you're the prey rather than the hunter (Tomb Raider, Metro), but in Tomb Raider and Metro, you can still kill stuff, which makes you feel much less helpless. Don't get me wrong, I'm not the violent kind of gamer (I've never killed a living soul in Dishonoured unless the game storyline dictated), but what ruins the gaming experience in Alien Isolation is not just that you can't kill the Alien, it's that much of the time when you die, you feel that it's not your fault! Sometimes the Alien will just turn up in your face for no reason at all, and you have to restart all the way from the last save point ages ago (OK, maybe like 10 minutes ago, but that's ages). Furthermore, you can't help but feel really lonely (which I also felt in Metro), which I don't like. I don't mind scary stuff, I love a good jump-scare in fact! But it's the loneliness that really gets to me.Final verdict. You may love this game. But it won't give you the warmth of a escapist world like FarCry or Just Cause 2 or Trine 2, nor the comfort of constant conversation and company like Bioshock Infinite, nor the satisfaction of shooting and killing stuff like Call of Juarez, nor the feelings of accomplishment you get from stealth-killer games like FarCry and Splinter Cell. However it will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, it will keep you on your toes at all times, and it has a hell of a good storyline like Tomb Raider (but doesn't quite compare up to the great Tomb Raider, in my opinion)."
,Not Recommended,214490,34224086,Posted: 13 August,all,Someot,"It took me a really long time to figure out what I didn't like about this game, and I'm still not entirely sure what it is. The closest conclusion I can come to is that the game just gets boring. Your first encounters with the Alien are tense and thrilling, but after a while it becomes the same sort of thing over and over again.""Oh look, the Alien is in this area. Sneak around him and figure out the puzzle. Oh no, he saw you. Go hide in a closet until he stops looking.""Repeat that for the rest of the game (or as far as I got). Overall, not a fan."
76561197989018404,Not Recommended,214490,17526963,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Lyndon,"quite simply ONLY play this game if you are a diehard Alien fan, or love some very decent game art.Pros:Gorgeous game art, some of the best sci-fi game art I've seen, & oh so faithful to the original Alien film.Very well optimized- Looks fantastic, and I managed to run it on my aging system with everything cranked to full.Fantastic sound, some awesome ambient music tracks either directly ripped from the original film, or recreated so faithfully that it's impossible to differentiate.Cons:The gameplay.This was basically the reason I would rate this game a 5/10.Some of *THE* worst gameplay I have ever had to slog myself through- and the only reason I did so was to continue admiring the awesome work of the art departments. (music/sound included).The 5 points out of ten I give it are solely based on the artwork. If i were rating it solely on that basis, and ignoring the fact that it is supposed to be an interactive experience where you have fun...? ...well then it would be a ten.However, it's *supposed* to be a video game, and not simply an interactive Xenomorph-in-your-grill-em-up.After around 10 hours on the hardest difficulty, I decided to reduce it to medium, as the utter tedium of waiting around for the Xenomorph to do his thing and ♥♥♥♥ off outta my way so I could progress, finally got to me and I could take it no more.After another 4 hours, I reduced it all the way to novice, just so I could see the end of this miserable pile of beautifully rendered dogshit.Honestly, If game design had the same ability to be scrutinized as immediately as game art does... then this game would easily have been a massive bomb.It's a real shame because what could've been an incredible survival/puzzler just wound up being a ♥♥♥♥ing crouch from start to finish simulator.WHY DOES CROUCHING MAKE ME MORE STEALTH!? THIS THING CAN SMELL MY EYELASHES ACROSS THE VACUUM OF ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE, I STRONGLY DOUBT CROUCHING IS GONNA MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE.someone must evolve the stealth genre to beyond make noise over there, crouch to over here, progress.Sadly, Creative Assembly did not.for ♥♥♥♥s sake the gameplay of ♥♥♥♥ing CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE books is better than this ♥♥♥♥ING PILE OF ♥♥♥♥.3/10 the fury of even thinking about the gameplay has degraded my view of this game even further. Only for diehard HR Giger/ 3D art/ Alien franchise fans."
76561197984327895,Not Recommended,214490,21863393,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Wraith,"This is a game I wanted to like, in the end I'm just glad I waited until it was on sale. Haven't completed it yet, but what I have seen of it so far is a dispointment. You will find yourself running through the same area repeatidy trying to activate random consoles because you have no idea which one will do what you want it to.The game gives you little messages like "" Ripley is a non-violent person, but she will defend herself if she needs to"" or "" The survivors are just trying to stay alive, if you leave them alone, they will leave you alone."" Then when you encounter them they immediatly try to kill you. To make matters worse their AI is so bad that the easiest way to get passed them is Lure them all into a door way followed by Bashing their head in with a hammer.They will drop guns that you can not pick up, so after you murder five people with a hammer, you loot their bodies for ammo and then leave a pile of guns on the floor which will just dispear soon after. About five minutes later you'll find the exact same gun on a desk, this one you are allowed to pick up. I've seen some good reviews for this game, I am a huge fan of the actual Franchise. But this game, its more annoying then enjoyable and that without mentioning the homicidal androids that patrols around."
76561198001762595,Not Recommended,214490,20595720,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Samuel Brooks,"A brilliantly made and masterfully designed take on an Alien video game is utterly ruined by a single flaw. Somehow a game released in 2014 doesn't have a checkpoint system. The only way to save progress is at the save stations, which are unbearably few and far in between, leading to situations where one will get trapped completing the same mission objectives and hearing the same dialogue over and over and over again.The Alien's AI makes it brilliantly unpredictable, which unfortunately means it will sometimes show up and charge right towards you, or simply systematically check every nook and cranny until it finds your hiding spot, and there's realistically nothing you can do to escape either scenario. This isn't necessarily a gamebreaker in a survival horror context, but with the aforementioned save issues, this can happen utterly randomly mere feet from a save station, setting you back, once again, 10 or 15 minutes.To add further insult, the save stations inexplicably lock you out of resaving your game after use for some time, meaning you can't even double back to a save point after making some progress towards the inevitably failed run for the next one.I don't even know why this issue exists in a modern AAA title. I want to like this game, its in 99% of respects a fantastic game, but with this one, critical, baffling flaw breaks the entire experience, and leaves me unable to recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,12391129,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,cameron,holy pooping toodles yes this game is my wildest fever dream
,Not Recommended,214490,17275195,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,snmcdonald,"EDIT:After completing the game, I have to say I love the story. Finally, a new story line that doesnt involve the evil Wayland Yutani Corporation.  The addition of the Seegson Corp is a great addition, and brings to life the very repetitive ""Aliens vs Predators"" Franchise.The survivor reactions in ""Alien: Isolation"" feel real. Each survivor is trying to stay alive in his/her own way, from shell shock to meanacing and looting. Although, the Sevestapol surivors decisions may seem deplorable, they are relatable. I wonder, myself, if I would horde the remaining resources only to survive a few days longer.Even though most of the game is spent alone, you don't feel lonely. Either you are witnessing other survivors scraping by, or retrace the events through computer logs and recorded messages.The game develops a true sense of dread, which I most commend it upon. However, not in the traditional sense of a video game. The story is great, but the difficulty is terrible. I stand by my original review.I thinkquartertothree.comreview nails the hammer on the head about the difficulty. ""At which point you reload and replay your way to that point again. There is nothing scary about a videogame when the stakes are so low. That’s not horror. That’s tedium. Alien: Reloading.""END EDITI find this game very repetitive and frustrating. I was hoping for an adventure/horror game like ""Outlast"", but with the Alien lore.I find it very difficult to get immersed in the game due to the uncanny nature of the Alien. The Alien seems to stalk relentlessly, even if their are other NPC humans near by.  The hours that I have played, have been spent stuffed in lockers or under desks....  My attempts to immerse myself in the computer logs or simply adventuring are thwarted by the Alien... I would love to get wrapped up in the Alien lore, but its often cut short by either a death cut scene, or giving up to hide again. The save points are too far between, especially for a novice adventure gamer as myself. I almost feel like the missions would take five minutes without the Alien, so the game designer buffed the Alien to make a simple five minute maze into a thirty minute mission.Tomorrow, I will be starting on the easiest level, just so I can ""enjoy"" the game from a story stand point."
,Recommended,214490,24827600,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),"Now after unlocking each and every achievement i can say that this was one hellavu a$$ tightning ride.i legit have nightmares of the alien.sometimes i wish i never started to play this game but well you only play it once :p and the horrors i had to face on the highest difficulty mode made me poop myself.on the sad side this game will make you a true p*ssy and on the bright side its going to make a living man out of you.so don't hide a lot and move yer' a$$. *brofist* see you on le other side brother and if you still didn't understand my review then here is a lil brief detail below.Before I played Alien Isolation／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　 ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　　｜ ｜/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°） ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーくー ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)After i played Alien Isolation＼＼＼ ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)＼ <　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ　＼/　　/　 ＼　＼ﾚ　ノ　　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　| 、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ"
76561198030145391,Not Recommended,214490,15117344,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,rdl,"I've played a lot of first person games in the last 20 years. I can't say I'd rate this one all that high, mainly because of the  non-intuitive user interface and incredibly bad mouse lag. Just to look around feels like you're having to drag a camera through water. It actually gets tiring after a while.Once you put an item such as a flare in your hand there's apparently no way to put it away. You just have to keep walking around with it in your way all the time. Kind of breaks the immersion.When entering pass codes in terminals, you can't click on the onscreen keypad to enter numbers. You have to use the arrow keys to move around and hit ""use"" to click a key. It's very awkward.I've only played a few hours so far and what I've seen looks very good, very nice environments and effects, but game play has been kind of so-so, it's already a bit repetitious.I'm not sure why it's rated so highly. Maybe it works better on consoles. I'd only rate it around 6 or 7 out of 10. Luckily I got it cheap or I'd be pretty ticked off. I think they really need to work on a patch to fix all the interface and control problems because it would make it a decent game. As it is now, I kinda wish I could sell it."
,Recommended,214490,15134359,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kenshin Thrashvis,Space
,Not Recommended,214490,22635601,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,euqil,"I could not finish the game - very frustrating gameplay with savepoints far apart and semi random deaths. I did try to decrease difficultyafter 5 chapters from hard to easy but frankly did not see much difference in the Alien§s behavior (humans and androids get really dumb on the easy setting but they are not a problem in any case). I really wanted to like this game.It is very atmospheric, looks great, gives the sense of claustrophobia. Hiding in closets is not fun though... and that is what you mostly do - passively watching aliens through grids.Another minus is the crafting system - did the game really need it? I would not think so. It seemed redundant and took me right out of the immersion every time."
,Not Recommended,214490,32312198,Posted: 10 June,all,Dude,"Amazing visuals, sound, atmosphere, and controls do not make up for utterly boring gameplay.The game didn't give me the feeling of a natual progression but devolved quickly into a series of mundane and tedious tasks that I didn't find engaging.  I understand that others love the game and have logged 80+ hours in it.I am not telling the reader what to do, merely pointing out that due to the repetitive game play I didn't enjoy the game as much as I would have hoped."
76561197963298686,Recommended,214490,12390579,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Shadow75,"This is a fantastic game for a start!I love the graphic's don't we all Lol!But this game does give a feel what it is like in the movies of the series ""Alien"", it has really good horror and went back to it roots! compared to coloniel Marines!I recommand to all who buy this game100000000000000000/10 Sega!"
,Recommended,214490,24548155,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Geodude,"Before I played Alien: Isolation:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　 ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　　｜ ｜/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°） ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーくー ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)After I played Alien: Isolation:＼＼＼ ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)＼ <　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ　＼/　　/　 ＼　＼ﾚ　ノ　　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　| 、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ"
,Not Recommended,214490,29086816,Posted: 7 January,all,Nemnth Ferheart,"Long, frustrating, and repeative. Looks pretty though.I picked this game up, along with the DLC For about 27 bucks when it was on sale. It looked fun, and I generally love to play horror games, sometimes that is. I started the game on meduim difficulty and went ahead and played through. 18.3 frustrating, repeative, slow, annoying hours later, I finally finished the campaign, and it gave me a sour note at the end as well, lovely!The game makes you wait and makes you wait even more, and even more.Multiple times the game has thrown you around, so much you just want it to end. And when you get close, kiss it goodbye when it throws you into another place and completely upsets the crap out of you.It has good elements and teaches you how to use them, somewhat after killing you 20 times, and then when you finally master it, it tears it away from you, making you wonder why you even spent the time learning it.If you get fun from frustrating the crap out of yourself, this is for you. Otherwise, stray away. It may be pretty, but it's not worth the hairpulling annoyance it brought me. At least I got it on sale."
,Not Recommended,214490,22056803,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,HeavyBinary,"I tried I really-really did.I really want to like this game, it's beautiful, it's a great franchise but it just makes me SOOO angry.  Call me a ♥♥♥♥♥, tell me play it on easy, insist I creep around and take 30mins to get from one room to another, I just just don't care any more.The back-tracking, the lack of save points, I just don't know what it is but it makes me ANGRY!!!  I'm deleting it now from my PC a second time and I tell you now, it's not getting a third chance."
,Recommended,214490,12392895,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,︻デAntiPeeNoiseFederation═,"""Save station♫gonna love my save station'♫XD by PewdsThis game brings back the good old memory from the Alien movie,the atmosphere ,the graphic,overall everythings is just plain beautifulIf you're looking for a good Alien game(not colonial marines crap)then this is the best choice for you to try it out.seriously playing without a Pulse rifle makes me feel more comfortable playing this gamewith just my survival instinct and my brilliant tactics.Now this is the kind of Alien game we all've been waiting for.And thank god the wait is worth it.So last but not least my review will more to come after more playthrough.so staytune guys for the next Xiiao review!Peace out and've a nice day <3"
,Recommended,214490,12564091,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Alfred,"2 hard, 2 sp00ki and 2 long. -11/10-IGN"
,Recommended,214490,25461163,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,alfons åbergs dad,3spooky5me
,Not Recommended,214490,21228041,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Ruined by a ♥♥♥♥tarded save system that makes you repeat tedious inching down corridors. Thanks developers, now go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves. The alien is the worst part of the game. It's an irritating prick.Not scary. Irritating."
76561198038211632,Not Recommended,214490,21743621,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,zoiks,"Don't buy the hype, don't buy the game, unless you're a huge alien fan.  And even then, don't buy it unless it's a huge sale (<$10).Regardless of what you're hoping for, save yourself the torture I went through, go play some indie survival horror games instead for the tension/jumpscares and then watch an HD playthrough of this game online, there's plenty of them.  Because Alien Isolation is, for the most part, a spectacular looking and sounding game.Unfortunately, with the exception of bugridden games which to be fair this one isn't, it was also among the least fun to play games I've ever had the misfortune of playing all the way through...I can only claim extreme Alien fanboyism as the reason I did finish it.  (Note:  Even I'm not a big enough Alien fan to play through Colonial Marines, pretty sure doing that violates Human Rights articles of the Geneva Convention.)Oh and to everyone out there who hyped the alien AI in this game...It's a loud, slobbering, heavy walking idiot that is never very far from your side and is easily distracted by things thrown by you...it's the AI of a very dumb Bulldog, and this game is not called Dumbass Bulldog:  Isolation....The alien from the movie was a clever, stealthy hunter, please stop doing the movie such a disservice by lavishing praise on this turd."
76561197999666462,Not Recommended,214490,15146579,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,death428,"This game is about sneaking around and the proper timing/not being seen. If the alien sees you, you die. If an android sees you, you either run away and make it to a different map portion, or they chase you til you die. Androids can be killed but takes about 4 headshots, the most revolver ammo I've had at once so far is 12. Maybe the alien can be scared away easy in lower difficulty but right now I have no fire, and no way to sucsessfully distract the alien. Once you get over the intial spook of the alien killing you it becomes a boring, can I crouch walk to the next cabinet without the alien killing me bore"
,Not Recommended,214490,18378644,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Sinistar,"I loved this game until somewhere after a really dramatic point that felt amazing.  After that point, I questioned why the game was even going on anymore.  This game drags like you could not believe.  The idea that this thing sells for 50$ without a sale is an absolute joke.  Its worth 1 playthrough, if that.  Just know that near the end of this game you will be dealing with some seriously inane things.  Things that make you forget how utterly kick♥♥♥♥♥the early game was.  The ending is lackluster to say the least, not to mention how stupid it is to make a player walk (or crawl depending on how you look at it) in a spacesuit to press not one, not two, but TEN button prompts in a row for an explosive priming sequence.  No action.  Just push ten things.  Stupid.  Save your time, I uninstalled this game so fast when I beat it that it might have set world records.  Yes I mad."
,Not Recommended,214490,15203329,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ReeceMix,"Long story short: Get it on saleIt looks great , high level of detail and fandomness (if your a fan on the franchise)Its atmospheric but a bit too noisy for me. Slow paced lots of doors to open.If this had been the basis for 'Alien Col Marines' with a pulse rifle it would have been Epic and exciting but its like a constant game of 'hide and seek' that ultimately you cant win.I like stealth games like MGS, Splinter Cell but I found the gameplay here just tedious and very frustrating, and I started 'trainer cheating' very quickly which then just reduced the game to 'go here, flip this switch'The story is OK but I find the idea of dragging Ellen Riplys daughter into the same situation her mother was in just a farce.  I would have preferred a re-telling of the original Alien movie, or 'Original Story' (but those dont exist anymore)I was constantly reminded of Dead Space with no ammo or satisfaction to be had.  There are lots of save points I would have preferred a resident evil style 'ink ribbon'/keycard option.I got it in the rececnt sale for £9, The DLC would have cost another £10 so I will wait for the xmas sale for them although I cant say 'survivor mode' appeals to me at all"
,Not Recommended,214490,16434021,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Hatemand,"This isn't like any of the previous Alien games. Lots of hiding, sneaking, but most of all DYING. The controls are a okay but the fighting sequences aren't the focus of the game, obviously. This game is NOT about combat nor even tactics really. I'd say it's so difficult that it isn't fun. Not difficult in the ""this is hard"" so much as ""will I get lucky this time and I don't just automatically die?"""
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,214490,21781730,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Himax,"Was this game made by the same devs of the newest Thief title?The atmosphere is great. The plot is solid. And the retro touches in the UI, while cumbersome, really make you feel like you're in an 80's flick.But the gameplay is laughably broken.This game should never have made it out of beta in this state.The controls are clunky and unresponsive. You can't climb over knee-high barriers. You'll get stuck on invisible corners all over the place.  There is NO direction or explanation to anything-- I don't want the devs to hold my hand, but I spent ten minutes trying to pick up a flashlight on the ground in front of me because it didn't LOOK like a flashlight and the contextual command to even acknowledge it's existence wouldn't kick in unless you were standing square over it and looking straight at it. You can't find things unless you already know exactly where they are?Worst of all, the game mechanics and coding don't work. Enemies can see thorugh walls and will follow a path to you. Not a path that traces your trail, not to any noises you make, not to any distractions you leave (or any one of the thousand that happen on their own) but right to YOU. Incidentally, the enemies are totally silent when they move-- unlike you.That's not stealth.If you pitch a flare into a room ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MAP, where NO enemy nearby can possibly see or hear it in ANY way. They will all come running to it, and then straight at YOU, regardless of which way you went or which distractions you leave behind.A great atmosphere and wonderful cinematic experience are not enough to make up for broken gameplay."
76561197982526620,Not Recommended,214490,22020466,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Labrador Libre!,"there's not quite enough ammo/material to fight very much through the game. so you're basically crawling around most of it. which makes it  kind of slow. the cinematic creepy feel wears off pretty fast, not many frights or edginess after you figure out the aliens limited moves. I tried to mix it up by running around and jamming into hiding spots and sometimes blasting it. but there's not quite enough ammo to do that, and it doesn't really change much. the other humans and androids mix it up a bit. very linear gameplay, which is normally fine if it adds some other factors. it was like when doom came out in the early 2000's but no where near as well done. I unlocked 41/50 achievements on first run through without really trying much, and I probably wont bother going after the others. it's *almost* a great game, at full price it is too much. when it's less than 20 bucks go for it."
76561197967677415,Not Recommended,214490,21328005,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,McSavage,"Pros:- Great atmospehere- Genuine tension- Audio design is excellent- Extremely faithful to the original movie's vison of the future- Best Alien game availableCons:- Linear- Too long- Repeating, unimaginative objectives- Being hunted and killed by the Alien loses its charm (if you can call it charm!) over time- Losing progress becomes very frustratingThis one's hard to judge. There are things this game nails - the atmosphere, graphics, sense of place, tension (to an extent) - but unfortunately there are apects of this that ultimately sour the experience. For instance, the build up to your initial encounters with the Xenomorph is excellent. The tension is palpable and when you are caught (and you will be caught!) it is a genuine edge of your seat moment. Over time the law of diminishing returns sets in and the Xenomorph no longer proves a terrifying presence but a roadblock to your progress through the game. Save points are few and far between so to be caught and killed by the Alien which sends you back about 20 mins or so can be quite frustrating.The game is extremely linear (although some people won't mind that) and objectives are familiar throughout. You may have to power on 3 generators to get through a door only to be forced to do the same thing in the next area.Another complaint I have is that game is too long and wears out its welcome after about the 10 hour mark. There was a point around this time where I thought I was at the end only to find I was half way through the game! After finishing Alien: Isolation, had it ended at around the 10 hour mark I would feel much more postive about the title.Speaking of positive, the audio design in this game is extremely well implemented. Hearing the Alien crawling through the vents is quite unerving (for a time).The visuals are very faithful to the originals view of the future and may be enough for fans of the 1979 Sci-Fi / Horror to invest in this just so they can explore what may as well be an interactive movie set.All being said this is still arguably the best Alien game on the market and so if you're a fan of the franchise it will probably be worth investing in. However, if you're not a keen Alien fan and are just looking for a new horror game to play, you might be best off looking else where.Unfortunately being forced to make a choice between recommending this game or not I would probably lean more towards not recommending it simply because I had to force myself to finish the game and that's not how a game should make you feel."
76561198003822547,Not Recommended,214490,22669598,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,^3biohazard,USER EXPERIENCE OF CONSTANT CRASHES AFTER DYING AND WHEN TRYING TO RELOAD SAVE CRASH TO DESKTOP VERRY ANNOYING
,Not Recommended,214490,23297865,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,SlackerKite,"I guess I don't really understand this game?  I've spent three hours rubbing against walls trying to figure out where I'm supposed to be going, haven't seen any aliens but a few very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off people, one I got to hit over the head.  It could really use a map that makes sense.  Others that can figure out 3d navigation better than I do may like it, but the objectives are so vague I have no idea what the game is asking me to do at most times."
76561197962697606,Not Recommended,214490,16895739,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rhone,"The Good:The music is very fitting when it plays.  I loved walking into familiar environments like the nostromo-like ship, or the derelict.  The environments are very very detailed and some locations are down-right terrifying.  I love that they brought the original actors back to do some voices.  This game is great for nostalgia.The Bad:It feels like the developers went to great lengths to see how much nostaliga they could pack in (though not as badly as Aliens: Colonial Marines).  The raised cylinder/button sequence you perform at the end of the game seems very excessive for such a simple task and is almost verbatim from Alien.  It's very out of place.Futuristic equipment sure sucks.  Flashlight batteries that drain in seconds?  Seriously?  Are they Duracells from the 20th century purchased during Walmart's going-out-of-business sale?  This isn't an uncommon gimmick but it sure can provoke ire.  It's just a way to make the game more difficult and it's completely unnecessary.  The guns sure are inaccurate.  How does a point-blank shot miss?  Also, how many times can an alien be immolated before it actually dies?  I used my flame thrower quite a bit and it just kept taking the pain.  They never hit the one in the original film with anything but the ones in Aliens just seem to fall apart when ignited.The amazing Alien AI seems to somehow know your general whereabouts at all times, knows when you've left an area completely, and can take minutes to leave when it comes looking.  So you sit. And wait.  At its core this game is all about playing hide an seek with a computer that can cheat.  I don't recall the original Alien having a personal vendetta and tracking a single person all over the place.  It just seemed to go around killing randomly.  Why follow you acrossed the entire station?  Because you got away once?  So what!Don't get too attached to any NPCs.Fans of the movies will notice glaring plotholes with regards to the aliens.This game suffers from the same issue that Outlast did.  It's tense for the first hour or two but it wears off.  When the scares grow dull you find yourself just wanting the game to end.  This one refuses that request.  It just keeps going and becomes very repetitive.  There is a reason that horror movies are only 1-3 hours long.Many parts feel like I'm back in an MMO doing fedex quests.  One entire section of the game involves sneaking into a heavily guarded area.  You go to great lengths to get there and it turns out it was all for nothing.  I feel like I spent my time in this game all for nothing.The subtitle for this game could be: ""A Murphy's Law Story"".  It feels like the developers use any excuse they can to block you from your objective.  This is one of the main reasons for the length of the game.  A great example of this is the event they throw in just before you leave the station.  It does nothing but send you back fifteen minutes just to crawl back to where you were previously.  You pretty much know when you flip a switch that something else is going to break.  You know when you finally get to the item you seek that some scripted event is going to happen to make your life more difficult.The ending is fitting for the game.  It's completely lackluster and offers no real resolution for anyone, especially Ripley.I'm glad I didn't pay full price for this."
76561198012374319,Not Recommended,214490,35080177,Posted: 20 September,all,Le Cid,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, but utterly failed. There were good moments at the beginning and it looked promising, with a great atmosphere and tense moments, but as I progressed into the game I just found the gameplay to be tedious. Spending my time hiding, waiting, waiting again, waiting more, and hiding more, finally to be unpredictably spotted, trying pointlessly to run away while feeling screwed, did not feel fun after a while."
76561198126754398,Recommended,214490,12598422,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Scotcheggs,SPOILERS : THE WHOLE STATION BLOWS UP AND RIPLEY IS LEFT FLOATING IN SPACE
76561198027543384,Recommended,214490,15083064,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,~Chrisx711~,I♥♥♥♥♥♥me pants
,Recommended,214490,12392313,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Thelnobody,2spooky4me
,Recommended,214490,12395075,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Shiney Fighter ™,I like space!
,Not Recommended,214490,19377655,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jcraw129,"Exreemly buggy, crashes all the time."
76561198002589014,Recommended,214490,19319037,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,-=XX=-Nephilim,MASTERPIECE!Sequal please...
,Not Recommended,214490,22730822,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ropter Copter,"I loved the game so far. Good graphics, runs smooth, cool setting and atmoshpere. I loved it until this one part where a small group of people are trying to kill you with guns. You can kill them with the wrench you get earlier on in the game. I snuck behind one, killed him, and was excited to pick up his gun but you cant pick it up. You can only sit there and look at the gun while the other people are still looking for you with their guns. This is one of the stupidest things ive seen in a game. I havent finished the game but im sure when I do, this wont be the only thing this game gets wrong."
76561198065303900,Not Recommended,214490,20692890,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bunta Fujiwara,"The alien will kill you multiple times, no stealth or strategy involved to stay alive, only luck."
,Recommended,214490,21305628,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Queen Clementine,"+Perfect audio design+Amazing visuals+Well performed voice acting+Long game (~20 hours)+Smart AI, especially compared to competing horror titles-On higher difficulty levels the AI can be a little too smart-The crafting system feels tacked on, I'm not sure why a horror game needed crafting-Most of the DLC are pointless challenge maps, with only two being actual extra content-The alien is a big jerkAll of the negatives I listed are ultimately very minor complaints. With that in mind I think I'd now have to say that Alien: Isolation is my favorite horror game, which works out great since the first Alien movie is my favorite horror movie!"
,Not Recommended,214490,21970885,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,BlackDragon,"Total boring start. You often don't know what need to do. No fun from playing this game. Good graphic and atmosphere, but game is unplayable."
76561198064206849,Not Recommended,214490,21467956,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BallsBalls,predictable and boring
76561198068437955,Not Recommended,214490,21893286,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Sassy Dolphin,Better experience playing outlast to be honest
76561198088054094,Not Recommended,214490,22254356,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,spahn91892,"This game was interesting for me. I'm a huge fan of FPS, and I'm a huge fan of Aliens, have most of the games associated with the franchise and all around love everything that has to do with the series. This game is...interesting to say the least. I've played outlast, so I've gotten a pretty good sense of what these types of games are all about. With that being said, this game just didn't do it for me. I find myself repeatedly playing the same parts over and over again because I made one little wrong move, or I had an enemy hear me out of literally nowhere. The weapons that they provide the game, while again understanding that this game is not a full on FPS shooter, do nothing to stop even your weakest enemy. I find myself running into a million different enemies each which way that I turn and all in all, it just is not a fun experience. Don't even get me started about how you can't jump.With that being said this game has really nice graphics and the story is so so. If you want to play a game that is constantly infuriating by all means go for it."
,Recommended,214490,23908153,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,madotsuki,its not even scary shut the ♥♥♥♥ up
76561198041627927,Recommended,214490,22196460,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,jamax,My mother touched my shoulder from behind while playing. I punched her so hard i tell ya
76561197971877162,Recommended,214490,15134800,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"To get this out of the way, yes I do reccomend this game to Alien franchise enthusiast's.  The game has amazing pace and immersion.  To expedite my points I'll just make a good/bad list:Good:- Great immersion- Music from the first Alien movie makes its way back- Fantastic graphics-  Really good voice actingBad:- Same tired cliche's of opening doors, activating switches, turning power back on etc etc....- The save system is draconic.  There is no autosave as many have already said.  That being said, you will be saving ALOT and often.- Bad lip syncing for actors while not in pre rendered cut scenes.- Bad xenomorph AI.  It shows up when the script tells it to for the major events in the game simply to block your path.- Several times I had to backtrack because the game makes a certain door malfunction forcing me to go back and restart something.  This happens regularly.As of this review, I am still playing Alien isolation and still having fun.  The arcane save feature needs to go though.  There needs to be an autosave after each task is complete.  I have died soooo many times from the alien and lost like 15 minutes of progress because there weren't any save spots around.   If the dev's decide to keep it for the sequel, the save feature needs to not disrupt the gameplay.  It cuts out the audio when it asks you to confirm your save and this breaks immersion.The alien is another thing entirely.  Sometimes it'll show up in purely scripted sequences and others, it will ignore armed human's just walking around next to you.  It completely baffles me how the dev's could forget the aliens AI in certain levels.The dev's claim the alien learns from your mistakes.  This is true.  If you hide in a locker too many times it will eventually figure this out and open it up...go figure.  Ripley can only hold her breath for about 5 seconds before passing out (utterly ridiculous) so make sure you craft plenty of medipacks.In the end, I only paid 12 bucks for Alien Isolation so I don't feel robbed.  Had I paid full ♥♥♥♥ing price ($50) then no, this is NOT worth a buy.  However, if you gnab it at 75% off then definatly pick it up as you will have a semi- fun 20 hour campaign.  I say semi fun because you will die...ALOT, and lose progress many times.  So save often."
,Not Recommended,214490,17116863,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Babies In Africa,"I'm 10 hours into this game, and the game keeps crashing. I've tried to return it, and I've played too much for a return to be processed.From what I've played of the game, I like it. There is a great story here, and it's incredibly immersive.If you have an issue with the game crashing, I wish you the best of luck. I've looked on the Steam support forums, Alien Isolation forums, and Sega's site. Nothing. There's no real answers. All you will find is 'make sure your drivers are up to date.' My drivers are up to date. But, at the same time, this issue seems to affect a smaller minority."
76561197965278525,Not Recommended,214490,22246681,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ragnarok and roll over,Ripley's eyes are too close together.0/10
,Recommended,214490,34671691,Posted: 1 September,all,(:,The ONLY Alien game worth playing :DIt's amazingpls play it
,Recommended,214490,12622887,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Baddie™,"One of the hardest games I've played in ages. Beautifully written, asthetically pleasing. Really scary yet keeps you coming back for more. Defininately game of the year finalist."
,Recommended,214490,21805840,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Aesthetic Doggo,*Opens Game*Fatal Error: Game Can Not Find a Graphics Card That Supports Direct X 11.....♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214490,12566690,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,jcm,"Amazing art and graphics, true to the original movie, a great blend of survival horror and stealth. Unlike other recent survival horror entries, you do have the means to fight back in the form of a revolver, a shotgun, a flamethrower and various IEDs, however ammo and resources are scarce and using these weapons almost always has a downside. The game can get frustrating at times (rarely though), which lessens the tension. I had the best experience on normal difficulty."
76561198067268366,Recommended,214490,12725303,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,superdjpr,spooky
76561198019396093,Recommended,214490,12397439,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Tumble,"An amazing mix of Outlast and Amnesia mixed together with the most frightening creature of my childhood. Horrfying game and im always on edge. The only debatable part is how damn hard this game is! I love it though, finally a decent challenge. The game is beyond gorgeous and looks and feels exactly like I was plopped into the first Alien movie."
76561198142996173,Recommended,214490,25793711,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rild,"Intense situations, eery environments, and life or death puzzles. Nothing makes you feel helpless more than unstoppable foes and cut throat survivors."
,Recommended,214490,25823994,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Junjunelephant,Best game of 2014.Best game engine.Optimisation is superb.Awesome developers.
76561198058577566,Recommended,214490,14373490,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,filthy casual,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is scary.
,Recommended,214490,12837167,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Drytoast,Amazing suspense/horror stealth game!  I was on the edge of my seat the entire time!  Their needs to be more games like this that allow players to enter into the worlds of our old favorite horror movies without cheesing it up.And the story was so much better than Prometheus.
76561198057408617,Recommended,214490,14064616,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Space Cadet Jackwagon!,Anne Frank Simulator 2137
76561197972232265,Recommended,214490,13570407,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Smike,Game put's the♥♥♥♥♥♥s up me in the dark.ps had to change my pants twice
76561198029898667,Recommended,214490,12617318,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,JackBurton5524,The best Alien game made so far.
,Recommended,214490,17120924,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,^4ltdanno^1360,this game is epic just get it you wont regret it !
,Recommended,214490,17156040,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Winkbell,Very Extreamly Scary and horor. i can't play it alone. ><this is Good System gameplay comsume low spec. but give more ultra graphicGood job. Developer!!this is good sample for next gen Graphic
,Recommended,214490,17165973,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Bottom Text,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. 10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again.
,Recommended,214490,23281942,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Einarr Tyrsson,As a huge fan of aliens back in the day (yes i am that old!) i proper went in a huff when alien 3 was released and may have commited cinema suicide at the othersMyself and my friends needed the aliens story to continue as pure sci fi horror not some garbage rebadge alien 27 and a half with ripley cloned from feacal matter!THIS IS IT!!this continues the atmosphere and the sheer horror of the original alien films exactly as intended!now im a big boy and not much scares me but don the vr headset with a vibrating chest pad (in time with ripleys ) and hear screams like a four year old girl getting told that santas not real!please stop making remakes of classic films! and start on this! hell i'll help fund it!
,Recommended,214490,13989066,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,m0xy,i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥love the game go gaben
76561197977212229,Not Recommended,214490,22662484,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,alvedansende,"This game introduces gamebreaking bugs after 3 minutes for me, the first quest is bugged(where to find tayI have not been able to play the game at all, this is obvious crime. all solutions fail, Do not buy this, forums are down for maintenance all the time on homepage. As it stand BOTH Steam and Creative Assembly are ROBBING me."
,Recommended,214490,12412099,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Orgodemir,"This game is a step in the right direction for horror but still needs some tweaks. Like all games there are flaws due to the fact you can't make the perfect AI and that is where a lot of this game's length comes from.The atmosphere is very well done, it has just the right amount of dark and spooky for a near abandoned space station. The game is bright enough you don't need to burn though your flashlight batteries in most areas but the vents are nearly pitch black. It has it's creaks and groans along with the noises from you and the alien stomping around but otherwise is near silent. The silence really helps as it allows you to hear doors down the hall opening enabling you to track foes without popping up your motion detector. My only audio/visual complaint is that the lack of dynamic shadows; as it is you can't tell if somebody is around the corner without peeking and possibly being seen since they don't cast shadows.The gameplay is pretty good, it works as intended most of the time. You can lean in all directions like in the Thief games, which is helpful for peeking around corners and silly at the same time, I see no use for leaning backward or forward in this game. You get a few guns so you can fight back against the humans and much sturdier androids though they do no damage to the alien and the noise will attract it so you are usually better off sneaking around them. You find blueprints and use scraps to craft things like noisemakers and molotovs. Crafting and healing are done in real time so you have to choose ahead of time if you would rather a pipebomb to blow up a few humans or androids or a couple noisemakers to distract them. My biggest gripe is that you can't seem to be able to pick up stuff and throw it, if you want to distract something you must use a flare or craft and use some type of grenade.The main thing that makes or breaks the game for people though is the AI, specifically of the alien. It can hear and see very well. It can hear the beeps from your motion detector and see the light from you holding a molotov. If it suspects you are in a locker it will attempt to detect you by your breath. It is also smart to an extent, if it sees a door opened it will  check the room within because it knows that means something passed through or near the door recently.The problem is his movement. It cannot stray more than a few meters away from you. It could never see you but as soon as you get too far away it will jump in the vents to run ahead to your new area. This doesn't mean it is always breathing down your neck though. Instead of moving around in set patterns like guards in most stealth games it moves around pseudo-randomly. Sometimes it will decide to double back, other times it will wander into a side room. It can also jump up into the vents and move around giving you more freedom for awhile. On one hand this is great as it means it's not just a matter of watching it's pattern then moving when it's on the other side of the map. you actually have to be careful. On the other hand sometimes this randomized stupidity means you have to sit around for a long time hoping it will leave the room you are hiding in. One time I sat under a medical bed for around ten minutes waiting for him to stop pacing around the doorway. This means the more often than not you are in an area for far too long due to the alien needing to be encouraged to leave the level exit area.Overall it is a fun and tense game, never knowing when the alien will decide it wants to actively hunt you means you have to check every room for hiding spots before moving too far into them and trapping yourself. Even in 'safe' areas I'm always checking the motion detector because I never know when the alien might crawl out of a vent. Unfortunately though, the amount of time it takes the alien to decide he wants to check another room means one section could take anywhere from ten minutes to an hour. It is definitely a good game but only if you can enjoy a slowness even larger than that that usually comes with playing stealth games."
,Recommended,214490,12392953,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,FactoryDefaults,"In space, no one can hear you scream."
,Recommended,214490,12392601,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,<UGA>Bitterman,good game so far the save points are very annoying beeping all the time needs a way to turn them off
,Recommended,214490,16151855,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Motol,>turn corner>see alien down hall>turn other corner>see a guy with a gun walking out>guy with gun sees me and starts to warn me to back off>hide under the hospital bed in front of him>threatens to shoot>wait for him to cause I assume the alien will kill him if he shoots at me>shoots at me and misses>alien makes a hellish snarl>instantly grabs me from under the bed and completely ignores the other guy10/10 AI
76561198021621263,Recommended,214490,13655526,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Vertigo,Yup this is awesome!
76561197972234665,Recommended,214490,25985371,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Flori der Fux,"Okay I make an exception here and write a review about Alien Isolation even though I have not finished it yet. But this game... holy cow.. okay, where to begin. First of all, you could tell that I pretty much grew up with Alien. As a kid I was totally crazy for sci-fi stuff, and horror movies, of course, so Alien was one of my total favourites, and still today is. Since then, there have been quite some games trying to surf on that franchise wave, and mostly they sucked or they were ""quite okay"". This here is the very first game that TOTALLY catches the Alien spirit. It's a survival game, no shooter, no action Alien-vs-Predator stuff. It's a hide-and-sneak-game which gave me total creeps LONG before my first encounter with the alien. You know it could be anywhere, it could wait for you behind each corner, often you even hear it move in the ventilation shaft, and you know very well that you are pretty much dead if it spots you. The game looks fantastic, the textures could have been taken from the original sets. From what I know, many of those actually are based on original movie stuff. The music too, oh the music is just as merciless as the alien itself. This is one of the few games that really make you feel scared if you ain't completly numb. Call me a wuss, but I personally only play from one checkpoint to the next in one go cause after that I just need a break! But in the end this space wuss is gonna blow the alien to kingdom-come!"
76561197972286406,Not Recommended,214490,34998407,Posted: 16 September,all,Checkup,"There's not much I can say about this game. I am getting frequent crashes in AI.EXE which has been a problem for years judging by my research. Steam will not refund the purchase price, they would rather have the money than a happy customer so I've got no choice but to give it a poor review. I never got to see an Alien, AI.EXE keeps crashing and forcing me to start from a previous checkpoint. Life's too short to buy games like this, so don't bother."
76561198027692026,Recommended,214490,22604240,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jamez,"Alien Isolation is like a vacation in hell. From one hand, you have sights of breathtaking beauty to see, but on the other hand, you're being chased by an unkillable entity of pure evil.Key aspects:+ The game is a visual masterpiece. The lighting and textures exceed most contemporary games, aiming for realism.+ Driven from the previous: the game is extremely well optimized, allowing you to run with maximized settings even on mediocre systems.+ There's a strong sense of authenticity compared to the Alien and Prometheus movies. Also the level design is wonderful and beckons to explore.+ You're being kept in a state of constant danger. The game won't pause if you hack a door, read messages from computers or even when you save your progress.+ Alien's AI is completely unpredictable.+ Fun crafting system and items that sparkle with originality.+ Gripping story with a very interesting protagonist.+ The game was surprisingly long, it took me over 53 hours to complete the main story.+ There are some scenes that look and feel completely unique. For example you get to go outside of the space station with all the immersion that comes with it. Or that one level which takes you to a hostile windy planet.Verdict:10/10A game that truly plays with your mental capacities. There were times when I just couldn't force myself to get up from under a table. Yet at the same time it was so beautifully executed and so addictive. Alien Isolation is amongst my favorite games, that I've played in my entire life.Update:Gave it the ""I feel reluctant to come out from under the table"" Award on Steam Awards."
76561198010612160,Not Recommended,214490,19998599,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bjørn,Was walking around about 3 hours and never saw a alien... If U want to walk around in a ship and read stuff on the wall enjoy... For me this was just trash.. overall score 3 of 10.
,Not Recommended,214490,19998551,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dying Tickles,"Easy, boring, quick time events, keycard collecting, and lots of jump ""scares"". Perfect for certain youtube audiences and celebrities, and more of a disappointment for horror genre fanatics."
,Not Recommended,214490,18632547,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,shpanky,Played 6 hours in..this game is beyond irritating.  A waste of money.  Go play Soma for a cheaper and better experience.
,Recommended,214490,24799477,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Alpha Wolf™,"From what I was able to play of it, I think it's a good game. But the glitches and the crashing kept me from actually being able to play it. Not really sure why it was doing all of the crashing as I have a pretty good system:AMD-FX 8320Nvidia GTX 960 4gb16g Kingston HyperX FurySamsung 850 EVO 500gASUS Sabertooth 990FX R2.0So, am not sure why the issues.Anyway, I liked what I was able to play. So, yeah. I recommend it, IF your system will play nice with it. Mine didn't so."
,Recommended,214490,23709800,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,stone_the_bone,"Amazing, scary, fun. Buy now."
76561198049819329,Recommended,214490,13466250,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,echo1,It won Game of the Year from PC Gamer. That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,214490,17116880,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Noodles NEEDS A NEW FUCKEN CPU,"Not bad at all, I found myself saying ""LEAVE ME ALONE!!"" to the androids and xenomorph."
76561198050823170,Recommended,214490,25505043,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Neill Kiggers,its pretty good
,Recommended,214490,30243009,Posted: 28 February,all,Arkham Knight,"In space, nobody can hear you scream...In space, nobody can hear you scream...In space, nobody can hear you scream...In space, nobody can hear you scream...This is a transmission from Amanda Ripley MclarenI'm stranded in a ship that is barrenBut it is apparentThat there's a visitor with the viciousest planAnd I'm a fish in a barrelThis isn't a Christmas CarolBut if you could tell meJust what the dickens has happenedAnd what this is that I'm tacklingI'd be pretty thankfulLights flickeringLife tricklingThrough the cracks in the corridor floorsIs quite sickeningNo time for dithering, babblingImpotent panickingThe impetus will drag us kicking and scrabblingInto the blacknessI need my wits about meThis bleeding ♥♥♥♥♥ has found me!Come to think of itI really shouldn't spit so loudlyWhoops!This is survival of the fittestSurvival of the viciousSurvival of the wickedest and sickest!This is survival of the fittestSurvival of the viciousSurvival of the WICKEDEST..."
76561198118496779,Recommended,214490,14366954,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,snakejishi,"This a hell of a game!!! The game from start to near ebd is very great. It is one of a kind game, a game of Mouse (You)- cat game. But I warn you, this game does not work well with some the GTX series latest drivers ( in my case. GTX 765). Aslo, besides a few crashes becz of NVIDIA latest drivers, there are also a few bugs:1- If you get killed hitting a lift button, this area will take about 1 min to load everytime you die.2- You keep pressing, and the equipment menue will not show up, or you try to aim, but the weapon will not show on the screen.Other than that, BUY 8.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,23451939,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Desucrate,A game that successfully terrifies you and makes you want to stay still in one place.EXCEPT YOU'RE NEVER SAFE
,Recommended,214490,23905647,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,mewguy,"One of the best, if not the best, survival horror games you can buy.Enjoyed every single part."
76561198026878224,Not Recommended,214490,24328024,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Trebor_Rossnoc,"Large sections of the game are designed well, the visuals, the sounds, and the characters are all very well done. But its the alien that actually breaks gameplay. Instant-fail stealth mechanics vs an alien that you can't hurt, and have scarce resources to even distract, is just not fun. Maybe its good survivial horror, but its clearly not for me."
,Recommended,214490,24359830,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,[eeff]BiotecVirus,Such scareVery f**kMuch run...Ded.The only game which has scared me enough after less than a hour or two of gameplay made me close the game and not touch it again for serveral months!
76561197981346532,Recommended,214490,23812824,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ᕙ( ಠ ᴥ ಠ )ᕗ,i've never actually seen the alien movies.this makes me want to.
,Recommended,214490,24092371,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,kestrel,cool
,Not Recommended,214490,16851339,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ReedRothchild,"I hate this game.The first encounter with armed human guards has completely stymied my progress. My skills are insufficient. The game says that hard is the ""right"" difficulty that accurately captures the experience the developers intend. In that case, their intent is to drive me to yelling and screaming at my computer like some drunken Star Trek captain. Star Date ♥♥♥♥ing mad at this very accurate and watchful AI. This is serious stealth action. The game doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥, either. Throw a flare is what the internet says. They all look at the flare for a minute, then turn around and kill me.I haven't even gotten to the alien, yet. Yikes."
76561198015119972,Not Recommended,214490,16999311,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,drax,"hiding in a locker 15 times in the last half hour is not fun when the frickin alien comes into the same room over and over again,deleted it got 25 gigs back that was more fun to do,play if youre a stealth nut but youll die over and over again"
76561198038738303,Not Recommended,214490,17224056,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,cg,"I trayed to play this game on the easyest level , but even so its to difficult. the Alien is to annoying."
,Not Recommended,214490,17358133,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,animosity_frenzy,"6/10I enjoyed the first half of the game immensely, but after 10 hours or so the game became very tedious. There are other (negative) reviews which sum up bad sides of the game very eloquently, so I'll just write down what ruined it for me. The last two missions. At that point I realized that I was not having fun anymore. I just could not wait the game to end. I didn't care about the ending anymore, because I was so annoyed with so much waiting, backtracking, hiding... The game in this form has material for 10-12 hours of gameplay.Don't get me wrong, Alien: Isolation is not a bad game. I can not recommend it because there's so much wasted potential. The bottom line is: it's too long for what it delivers."
76561197992949047,Not Recommended,214490,17401909,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,onewayticket,"Almost a fantastic game! Visually stunning with great sound makes you believe you are there. Now the bad. The alien shows up far too much, you fear it at first then just end up hating it. Constantly getting killed becomes a chore and Ive lost interest. Wait till it goes cheap and see for yourselves."
,Not Recommended,214490,17460349,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Colin - Amish Cyberbully,"The game has a lot going for it visually, and does a very competent job of setting tension through details. However I was only able to get 4 or 5 chapters in before I was annoyed into quitting. The game had devolved into one long stealth mission. Which can be good when done right, I loved the Thief and Hitman franchises and the accomplishment of working through your surroundings to accomplish your goals. But in Alien there really wasn't much to DO other than creep from one side of the room to the other to go to the next macguffin. By the time I quit, the opponents were cyborgs and the namesake Alien.Cyborgs are slow and slow-witted, more an annoyance than a proper enemy. I spent a lot of time sneaking past them, but realized it's just more effective to run past them and get to your objective. They have very uneven levels of intelligence, sometimes you can duck under an open table and they can't find you sitting right in front of them, sometimes you can hide inside of a closet after losing them around several turns and they just b-line straight to your closet, open it up then beat you. Just... so annoying and dumb. So maybe I'll try and take one out? Oh, I unloaded all six shots of this revolver into your face and it didn't matter? That's great. Why do they even give you the pretence of holding a weapon?Then there's the Alien. Once he joins in, the never-ending stealth mission now has frequent random losses where he appears from nothing and stabs you for instant death. So you end up creeping along very slowly to make less noise which helps a small amount, except now you're moving so slowly he'll just wander over you and kill you because apparently he wants to kill you more than everyone else combined. So it's a slower, more boring death that takes way more time to get to. Despite the hugeness of the station there's never a moment where this #*(@ is more than a room or two away from you. Why is he camping my character specifically? How is he able to always be around me even if he can't find me while sitting under a desk the same room? Do I have some sort of Ripley connection to the monster that makes him so much more interested in me than everyone else? What was I supposed to know to avoid these obnoxious instant lose surprises? Why do all doors open automatically if you're on their half of the room, announcing to the Alien that here you are, please kill me now? How is any of this avoided? How long does it take for him to leave a room when you're hiding in a locker? 5 minutes? 10? He just endlessly keeps pacing back and forth in front of you, prolonging this failed attempt.... ugh.So between dumb, slow and pointless or dumb, fast, magnetically attracted to your location and instantly game ending, the enemies are not satisfying to work against. Tension gives way to frustration which gives way to annoyance. Plus the game ONLY saves when you specifically go to a save terminal. You will have all your progress rewound to the previous zone if they don't give you a save point in a sensible location before your next alien one shot death. If I had to describe this game in one word, it would be ""annoying"". Lots of potential, lots of atmosphere, but the game just isn't fun or satisfying to play."
,Not Recommended,214490,16522389,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[)()|\|()\//\|\|,"I cant jump.. at all!, i see a gun! a nice shiny revolver,, can't pick it up... if this was a survival situation I'd have that gun and people would get shot.. is this a movie sprcipt or a video game? i see that gun! she is dead that gun is mine! NO! sorry you cant.. WTF! i dont recommend this cuz you can not jump.. pcik up a gun when needed or chase someone cuz they shot at you!! and your slow and have a limp!Stick to the awesome movies we love! your sh!t at this high end gaming thing!should be on Mr T.'s DEVELOPER FOOLS! segment. FOOLLLLLZZZZZZZ"
76561197998941167,Not Recommended,214490,17423426,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Red,"The first half of this game was incredible--up until they tried to start putting painfully obvious twists into the plot, and then forcing you to do the same exact repetetive tasks over and over again with increasingly harder circumstances.Also, the ending was probably the worst, most disappointing, lack luster finish to any single player game I have ever played.  DOOM literally had a better ending."
76561198066499070,Not Recommended,214490,16459729,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Kixareforkids,I never take the time to actually write a review but this game gave me so many problems i had to warn other potential buyers. My computer overly qualified to run this game.The game does not start half the time and freezes during the opening sceens.There also is a major bug in the very beggining of the game that causes a door to not open and does not allow you to get to your objective. This is in the very beggining of the game and you cannot get past the first 5 minutes of the game. I looked online and saw that many people have the same problem and they suggest to close the game out and restart everything. I have tried that 4 seperate times and still the problem consists.I would caution anyone who is debating on trying this game. I am just glad i only paid 10 dollars for it and not the full price since it was on sale.
,Not Recommended,214490,17223814,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Same Bear ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ,"You can only save at certain places. Some of those are pretty far between each other. So this is basically a waiting game. Wanna get your hour of entertainment today? Half of that time you'll spend in a locker waiting until the annoying slab of meat gets away from the path you want to follow. Mistake, and start all over again. Sounds exciting?"
,Not Recommended,214490,20335606,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,yeAh i FasT leAn,Do I have to spell it out for you.M O U S E A C C E L B O Y S
76561198001722133,Not Recommended,214490,20442595,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,EvilWopper,"This game is largely overhyped. There's love to detail and excellent graphics (well-optimized, too!) and voice acting and authentic movies' features and allusions. But, there are a few aspects that ruin the experience for me (minor spoilers ahead!).First, character body animation is past century, Quake I style. Seriously.Then, game mechanics do not come up to what you'd expect from an AAA title. I'm playing the recommended Hard difficulty.Androids sometimes wouldn't see you even if you are in plain sight. They wouldn't check the lockers in a room but would just stare and say they know you're there. Okay, let's assume the Apollo AI is just plain dumb.Then, stupid enough, you can escape the alien by just running BUT you can't get past certain level locations that it ""guards"". No matter how silently you move and rely on your motion detector, that is. Maybe that's just a way to make an impression of variable game difficulty.The puzzle mini-games  are so dead simple it's unclear why include them at all. Could be better off with some hacking/unlocking progress bar. On the other hand, it's takes some time to figure out when you try tacking the puzzle for the 1st time (and it's sometimes irritating, too).As for crafting - it's very simple but I like it so far. Maybe it was wise not to make a more elaborate system. On the other hand, the game needs it. And here's why. It would be just unnatural to see certain useful stuff lying around when you know the station's been scavenged by its own staff for quite some time.Bottomline, it's a mediocre gameplay with good graphics and voice acting and awful character animation (except the cutscenes).As of yet, with 10 hrs on record, I'd only recommend buying this game when it's dirt cheap.UPD: checked a walkthrough for the Morley's Office episode, and from the comments I see I'm not the only one having trouble going any further. Completely ruins the experience and I can't even make myself start the game, as I know it won't be a pleasant or thrilling experience."
76561197983415785,Not Recommended,214490,18007860,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Bubbathedog,"This is a good game but at the end of the day it's pretty repetetive. Sneak over here, grab this thing, open this door, now fix this, ect. ect. It's part Bioshock, part Dead Space, but to be honest Bioshock was more entertaining to play and Dead Space was far more intense and scary.For me, the game consisted of sneaking through the same vents in the same reused areas for some new tool that will open the next vent to the next area that looks a lot like the last. While Alien: Isolation does look and sound great, the ""game"" itself is pretty standard hide and seek with a few gadgets thrown in.If you are a fan of Stealth games or even just an Alien fan, I'd say go for it. Otherwise you can skip."
76561197982361966,Not Recommended,214490,18200354,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,R3vSt3r,It seems to have a excelent story with a great atmosphere but the gameplay is annoying and ruins the fun. could have been something speical. :(
,Not Recommended,214490,18375643,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,oulette,"I was looking forward to this a lot, but now I can't understand the hype about this game.  Although it does many things very well, the save game system is horribly dated.  Most of the ""fear"" in this game is connected to the amount of time you lose every time you get caught.  And you'll get caught.  A lot.  Often for random and unpredictable reasons.  When you do, you'll die instantly.  Then you'll realize how long ago your last save was.  Then you'll stop playing.  Had a lot more fun with Colonial Marines, I'm afraid."
76561198123818264,Not Recommended,214490,18434163,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,gothicform,"Well I've tried Alien Isolation and I'm not impressed - it's incredibly boring running around a dark space station with no idea of where you are going or what you are even supposed to do. It's open world you say - no it isn't, barriers like waist high banisters prevent it from being open world, I can't actually climb over something that a person does climb over so room furniture forms impentrable barriers you have to go around. It's incredibly buggy. Accidentaly get a flare in your hand? You're screwed... you can't even put items away you are carrying in what must be one of the most glaring game oversights in a major title.I don't expect to swing from the ceiling like the Akrham or Assains's Creed games but a little bit of movement realism would be nice. There's nothing like spending a minute just having to walk over a massive room because you can't shin over a banister to the floor next to you.Maybe, if you are lucky you will see the alien. I've been playing it for over two hours, haven't died, and have seen a glimpse of an alien once. That's it?!?!?!? I'd go as far as to say it's the most beautifully hollow game since mafia 2. Dead Space 2 did it so much better which is a pity because the game looks amazing and it does feel as if you're in a Ridley Scott film but it needs more game!"
,Recommended,214490,18716926,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,This game made me hit 2nd puberty... 4/20... allahu akbar...
76561198132928884,Recommended,214490,18716785,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,555,buy this if you like to sheetttt your pants more than once ... or thrice ...
,Not Recommended,214490,18745444,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Flere-Imsaho,"Cannot see anything written in the menus. Says ""Your graphics card is incompatible"", even though I have a HD7870. What a waste of money, I was so excited for being able to play something new, on Linux."
76561198062531410,Not Recommended,214490,18160417,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,bigmancini,"Played for near 2 hours snooping around completing inane puzzles in near darkness... Got super bored and uninstalled this piece of trash. Stay clear if you value your game time.Maybe the 'action' starts five minutes more into the game... I lost interest. Also, the character moves with retard speed. If my running speed was the same as the character in this game has I would be out-walked by elderly people who use walk assist gear (walkers).Just... ugh! Had such high hopes...."
,Not Recommended,214490,20349482,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SKD-007,"Game is horrible. Game is not  developed enough to go out of line. Biggest problem is save game. I had to play 2 times till level 6 only to get save error and it is getting in to load loop. I load last save or previous load. It again goes to load screen and stuck. After finishing level 3 I went to level 1 and I found few people who had shotgun but after killing them I could not collect that item which is stupid. They want us to go by what they want us to do. This is not what games want. Secondly, if you are under open vent, you need to be careful as the alien will come and take u. There is no way to escape which is stupid.Definitely not worth playing not buying. They just made some crap game."
76561198014769555,Not Recommended,214490,20427078,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Sidewinder FSK,"I have been playing games on PC since I chucked the MDF drive and installed a 20 MB drive into a 386 desktop.Alien Isolation is absolutly the most boring game I have ever purchased. If anyone likes this game I knoiw for a fact  their brains are wired differently than mine.2 hours and I am done,"
,Not Recommended,214490,20443845,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,xTServO,"4/10Milktoast survival horror with terrible pacing (I mean really terrible...) and AI on par with Thief Deadly Shadows.If you enjoyed Outlast, you're very likely to find this game disappointing.If you've never heard of Outlast, you're very likely to find this game disappointing."
76561197971780565,Not Recommended,214490,20679180,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Fields of Barley,"This is an amazing game, dont get me wrong. One of the very best. Exciting, nervewracking - its got it all.Amazing graphics and stunning atmospherics. Only one problem. There are a series of little 'games' you have to play on various VDU's in order to progress in the game. And I can't get past the one that is supposed to adjust the coms array or something. Tried it dozens of times. There is no apparent logic to what you are supposed to do. Either that or my 'game' controls dont work. Watched another player walkthrough - it didnt help and still I can't get past this silly silly VDU screen task. So all of the game after that point is lost to me. Zero points. Delete. Move on."
,Recommended,214490,23509878,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Avulsion,"It's easy to frighten someone, you jump out from behind something and yell ""boo.""It's hard to scare someone.Alien: Isolation has an amazing atmosphere and doesn't resort to the cheap jump ""scares"" that many horror games today seem to be doing. The game is visually fantastic, with steam billowing from the pipes running along the narrow corridors and light shining through the glass on doors. The whole game is simply beautiful. The game is also well-optimized, and I can max out the settings at 1080p and still get 60fps on my GTX 965m. I would highly recommend this game to fans of the Alien franchise."
76561197971259829,Not Recommended,214490,20583456,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Niko,"Boring, not enough action to keep you interested.You never have enough bullets for anything.Working Joes sometimes die and sometimes will not depending on where you are.You pretty much spend your entire time hiding and avoiding which get very annoying after a while.Controls are confusing and take time to get used it.Menu layout overly confusing.Way too much focus on stupid things like 'diverting power' from those little fuse boxes on the walls, and using old crappy computers to progress.Too many glitches with the AI.IT is not really scary at the end of the day is the sound effects that get you.THis is the one game I got on a discount - will uninstall and never play again."
76561198005735469,Not Recommended,214490,20919904,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Jade,The game kinda sucked. The action scenes were skipped all together. Why do cut scenes if your not actually going to animate them? I mean really. 3 times at the end instead of showing what happened they use cheap tricks to skip the hard to animate stuff. Knocked out 3 times in a row.... REALLY??? and so god damn cliche ending. everyone saw that coming. You guys suck at writing a story.
,Not Recommended,214490,20185399,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,king_clueless,"I played this on Nightmare. It was  . . . a nightmare! Press C to crouch and 20 hours later I completed the game. Too much stealth vs ability to do anything, least playing at this level. Personally didn't enjoy it despite the setting, design, graphics and audio being outstanding."
,Recommended,214490,23527017,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,RostrelloRosso,"This game has great atmosphere and sound design. I found myself feeling nervous and anxious throughout the game, which to me is the sign of a good horror game. I also thoroughly enjoyed the story, which had some similarities to the first movie. The graphics are also really nice.Most of the things you encounter in this game are far deadlier than you, so you have to rely heavily on stealth. The game is fairly linear and the stealth mechanics are somewhat simple, but you  get a variety of tools to approach different encounters. There is a crafting aspect to the game and resource management plays a big role on the tools you have so you can pick and choose what you like to use best. Also, the position and movement of the alien is somewhat randomized, which keeps the gameplay fresh."
76561198047393553,Not Recommended,214490,21934434,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,tech,"Game looks and feels great, but the lame console port makes it a real hassle to play.Key combinations and feel is completly different to other FPS, there are numerous oddities (Medal of Honour type keyboard actions to open items / push people etc) and the interface is just horrible.And the loading times are just incredible."
76561198073357690,Not Recommended,214490,21164034,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,philippedenommee,Did not play enough to give a clear review but its not too-slow paced for me
,Not Recommended,214490,21815804,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,val,A lot of annoying bugs and glitches. Still
,Not Recommended,214490,22370654,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,LiquidThoughts,Dragged on and on for what felt like forever.  Story was extremely lame and ending was even worse.  There is fun to be had after a long borning start.  When you first make contact with the alien its fun for a while to survive but it wears off pretty fast.  I forced myself to beat it hoping for a fun twist.  Just dragged on.... AND on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
,Not Recommended,214490,12599722,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,George Real,Good game until the last couple of hours - the end drags on and leaves you annoyed and disatisfied.
,Not Recommended,214490,18055947,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,pengtuck,"This is technically a great game but unfortunately after launch Creative Assembley/Sega seems to have 'forgotten' about this product. No support, no fixes for crashes that are occuring. Don't buy this if you want a problem free game.Consistently this game will crash every 10 minutes in SLI."
76561197995896897,Not Recommended,214490,18120148,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SirTemplar,"The game is very , very hard to beat.  They are no jumping in the game makes me fill like a baby .  Also a big one you don,t kill the first alien !!!  And the alien is looking for you 99 percent of the time, and kills you.  I am very sorry but I rate this game very low."
,Not Recommended,214490,18720244,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Mr. Trout,peh. didnt finish it. idk when ill ever get back to it. became extremely dulll. was very sad. Oh well.
76561197971561076,Not Recommended,214490,24492451,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,pappy646,"This game started off as fun, but soon became nothing more but a sneak around everywhere mess.  I did less stealth in Thief and Dishonored.  Too bad.  I really wanted to finish this game, but I am stuck at this one area and of course it is a long way off from and saved points.  Having a better save game system would be nice.  I am choosing no because of the very limited save game function and ridiculous hide-take a step-hide-take a step.......routine"
76561198031613599,Not Recommended,214490,24545413,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,PharoahRamses,"My game glitched entirely I believe. No matter when, where I hid, I could have hidden in a locker or tunnel like 10 minutes before the alien even showed up, it would run right to me and kill me as if I had a freakin exploding roman candles on me.The game was on the easiest setting too, but continuously this ridiculousness would happen.I don't know if anyone else experienced this, but this was complete garbage AI. It totally took away from the fun of the game. I am inclined it is an AI glitch.Highly wouldn't reccommend this to people if this is a common scenario. If you are looking for fun horror fun it won't happen here, because the alien is Professor Xavier."
,Recommended,214490,24583110,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jay.,"too scary, refund.♥♥♥♥ this sh!t i'm out lel"
,Recommended,214490,24140075,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mac Aodha,Pre ordered for the TF2 cosmetics and the flame thrower. Alright game tho.
76561198186086583,Recommended,214490,24262131,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,EDIOE,I want to refund this game so badly.Reason: To ♥♥♥♥ing scary
76561198007301844,Recommended,214490,24870828,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Thanatopsis,"Alien: Isolation is such a great game.  I don't understand why it didn't sell better.  It isn't perfect, but it has a little something for everyone.  The story is partly a re-hash of the first few movies, but hey it worked for Star Wars: The Force Awekens.  It can be scary.  It can be exciting.  It is just really fun being an actual part of the Alien universe.  There is a lot more to it than hiding from the alien.  There are creepy robots and untrustworthy humans.  You can sneak.  You can plan attacks.  You can go in guns blazing.  You can throw a noise maker at a group of bad guys and the alien might just take care of them for you.  It is a very clever game.  If it gets too tough or scary you can turn the difficulty down so far that when the alien sees you he basically just walks up to you and hands you a beer.It has elements of all my favorite recent horror games: Dead Space, The Evil Within, Outlast, and SOMA.Oh, and if you haven't played SOMA, shame on you!  Go do that right now!  It could be described as a walking simulator, but it is a great sci-fi ""horror"" experience.  Don't read about it, just get it.  Or at least put it on your wish list for when it is on sale.And get Alien: Isolation too."
,Recommended,214490,22687691,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ᵗ ᶦ ᶰ ʸ,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
,Recommended,214490,14471324,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Akerus,"Каждый раз,когда мне снится кошмар с участием чужого,я вспоминаю про эту игру...на этом всё заканчивается. Советую!"
76561198037314902,Recommended,214490,12506341,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SCARRIOR,"This is a brilliant game, the amount of content that keeps in the scope of the film Alien is something to be admired.This game is truly terrifying and great, however you will probably spend most of your time in a Locker or underneath the table. The use of sounds like Dead Space is amazing, this is a game that should achieve a great many of awards. This was practically the first game that got Sigourney Weaver to voice actm which has never been achieved to my knowledge.This is a game where the left and right sides of your earphones would matter.11/10Worth £31 and more. Looking forward to the DLC's that will come out or this game."
76561198198847273,Recommended,214490,23102662,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mikehoff890,dude am telling you if you like the aliens movies am telling you your going to love this game i just keep getting♥♥♥♥♥♥face scared over this alien this is awsome 10/10
76561198086435719,Recommended,214490,24603766,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,The Hindu Atheist,"People with bad heart condition,stay away from this game,trust me u don't want to play this game if u do,this will kill u ........never been scared so♥♥♥♥♥♥in my life and if possible play nightmare difficulty ,u will change forever"
,Recommended,214490,13051838,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Lord Crocosquirrel,And Now For Something Completely Different: A review!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HAa1qPnvM4
,Recommended,214490,21935851,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Nintendy,This game is so scary that I refunded it...11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥self again.
,Recommended,214490,20070540,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,^3HOG^4|^7DARTHLORD!!!,"Awesome game, play it at night and try not to get scared."
,Recommended,214490,21828461,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,alan sleep,play this wade
76561198023325151,Recommended,214490,16091242,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Chumpy,"So everyone out there craving for an Alien movie theme computer game, this one is a must buy. It captures the atmosphere of the first alien film very well. It also adds to the atmosphere with its own unique style of gameplay.  It might sound not fun, the idea of avoiding a single enemy for an entire game, having to sneak around when it is nearby and always checking for signs that the alien may be around, looking for you.  You may think there wont be enough action or stimulation to keep you playing. This is what i thought about the game before i was able to play it, i was wrong.  The game does an excellent job of keeping you interested, keeping you aware of whats going on around you.  The alien itself is amazingly re-created into a playable video game, staying true to the film for the aliens mystery, its intelligence and its cunning aggression.  There are plenty of characters to meet and there is enough going on to keep the game from feeling empty.This game is up there with my other thriller/horror favorites like, Resident Evil 4, System shock 2, Dead Space, Thief.It is a unique game, any computer game fan will enjoy.  Every Alien fan out there will LOVE playing through this game.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,23043822,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,I Definitely Love the Feel of the Game ! 7/10
,Recommended,214490,13530250,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,[✠TRUMP✠] Skull☠Fuk 👌,"Survival horror with the emphasis on survival, not run and gun. You will die. You will die a lot."
,Recommended,214490,35425666,Posted: 2 October,all,Drexel,I haven't even gotten to the alien and it scares the hell out of me.
76561197960934791,Recommended,214490,20956598,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,127Tom,"If you are a fan of the Alien movies, you have to give this game a try.It's very scary, have good gameplay and beautiful graphics. It's also very stable.I would recommend installing the ""Unpredictable Alien"" mod (find it onwww.moddb.com)It makes the alien lurk around the big ship instead of following you, making the encounters more sporadic and exciting."
,Recommended,214490,13174662,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,T๏๓๏-Cђคภ~,"This game will stress you out, not because of the Alien, no... Because of the save points, dear christ the save points... maybe i just wanna stop playing to goto bed... NOPE YOU GOTTA FIND A SAVE POINT... When suddenly INSTA DEATH BY ALIEN, well♥♥♥♥♥♥♥there goes my past hour and a half of progress..."
,Recommended,214490,12855736,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Daniel,al is not a friendly person
,Recommended,214490,29837879,Posted: 10 February,all,Spooks,9/10
76561198074638795,Recommended,214490,24302225,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Balaclava,This game got me to watch the origional move!
,Recommended,214490,20437964,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Seasonsgray,"Aliens, jumpscares, and Intense moments in spaceships. Almost everything and everyone want you DEAD. This game is very intense with survival and trying not to be seen. I mean, It won 3 game of the years for crying out loud. You should get it, no doubt."
,Recommended,214490,21453591,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Mantis,The game all Alien series fans deserve.
,Recommended,214490,12436483,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,darthensson,This game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me!
,Recommended,214490,21826125,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,cheese lord,best horror game EVER!!!
76561198187016102,Recommended,214490,29143972,Posted: 9 January,all,Leo Getz,"10/10 Best Alien game.The sense of fear and dread everytime the Alien appears makes the game an incredible experience found nowhere else.Captures the feeling of the original Alien movies perfectly.Can sometime be a little difficult and the saves are sometimes far apart, but i personally feel it adds more fear to the already fantastic horror experience.Must buy for all Alien fans.Finished 3 times on PS4 so playtime is more around 80 hours."
,Recommended,214490,16840556,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ai riiiiiii,Amazing gameThat's all
76561198051204680,Recommended,214490,20570925,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,MultiCoolGuy97,"I'm loving this game. I'm still playing it. Haven't beaten the campaign because of how long it is! It's longer than a movie. It's like a movie marathon of Alien! The game is very slow, so if you like fast shooters, this is not the game for you. If you like stealth, this is the game for you. If you are claustrophobic, this is not the game for you. If you like watching other humans die by the alien, this is a game for you. Oh and it's a great locker simulator! 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,214490,19870596,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Sir Goose Alot,"Amazing Graphics, Terrifying Alien and Fantastic Story."
76561198079927702,Recommended,214490,21836394,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Wessy,"if you're a very big fan of the first movie and loved the atmosphere and tension it created, you will love this. It's like the perfect movie to game adaptation ever. You will get a massive sense of nostalgia and excitement every step of the way. Basically fan of the movie= fan of this game. Wasn't such a fan then, check out some proper reviews on YouTube and make your own mind up from there."
,Recommended,214490,15011132,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,N1gg3r  L1qu0r1ce,"Truly a phenomenal game, they really nailed the atmosphere and tension of the original alien movie, and the graphics are beautiful and stunning. This is what the alien games saga needed!!"
76561198068447054,Recommended,214490,20404389,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Captain Gordon of the Gotengo,It's one of those games that makes you stay up until 4 AM on a school night and gives you a nightmare with your 1 hour of sleep.Would die in school the next day again over survival horror perfection 11/10
,Recommended,214490,13613052,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr Wednesday,11/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants agian
,Recommended,214490,16480919,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kalila,"I really like this game. It provides a good atmosphere.A lot of the noises and sound effects within the ship as you move around are amazing.As far as scary goes, I am more freightened of the androids than the actual Alien.I would say this game is a gem, you should definitely add to your collection."
,Recommended,214490,15115071,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,TheRedshift,"Absolutely terrifying, 10/10"
76561198162584508,Recommended,214490,20733608,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ThatSexyDoomGuy69,"This game is almost as sexy as I am, so that alone makes it worth buying at least 10 times."
,Recommended,214490,12395719,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,;aesthetic;ⱫɆĐえっじ,Very fun there were many jumpscares though so id better wear my seatbelt next time i play lol
76561198052005974,Recommended,214490,30702946,Posted: 24 March,all,Rathgar,Ever wanted to have an adventure in space while ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants and having minor heart attacks? If your answer is yes then this game is definitely for you!Also if you happen to like firstperson survival-horrorgames in general I recommend this game too. Also also if you like the Alien saga then this game is a must have^^
,Recommended,214490,26908832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rrblack,Very sp00ky
76561198125029925,Recommended,214490,23787609,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,<\[Bar_Code]/>,"The way Alien was ment to be.First of all I don't know why game reviewer like IGN or Gamespot reviewed this so lowley.Second, I got this game really cheap so I can't complain on pricing.and third, what i think about this game? It's true to what alien has always been. It even goes a little further trying to feel like the original movie. A great step in gaming. The AI has a few issues here and there, but nothing major enough to annoy me. The games atmosphere is great, full of scares and spooks with music that really feel original.8.7/10It really changes the gaming prespective and how alien will be taken in the future."
76561198029074791,Recommended,214490,23774577,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JOHNSON /CZE/,one of the best survial horor games i ever play + Best Aliens game everall DLC are cool. I play it agan and agan and its styl fun
,Recommended,214490,13324854,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jonnyboy,"The best stealth game I've ever played and the unscriped AI,Unkillable Xenomorphwith a dark atmosphere, makes this game to be awesome. Iwould definitly would reconmend this game."
76561197992906072,Recommended,214490,13207821,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KraggleWulf,I came in my pants.....that is all....
,Recommended,214490,12586249,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,KayserSöze,GOTY
76561198040935282,Recommended,214490,23160199,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Razzberri,One of the few games I've played twice...Alien: Isolation is one of the best AAA horror games on the market even today!
76561198046694239,Recommended,214490,12505940,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,VicTheWeed,"9/10. A few things I don't really like about it, the flashlight is basically useless and I feel like having it in the game could have been avoided since either the areas aren't dark enough to make you use you flashlight or second of all when you need your flashlight you don't turn it on for fear of attracting the alien of a human or a synthetic. Also I didn't really feel any empathy towards Amanda only because the game lacks audio when you see the alien or when it gets close etc... like heavy breaths, mumbling a few words like: ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" or something and running doesn't feel like it gets Amanda tired.Apart from that, best horror game I've ever played, plenty of action, a real feeling that the alien is smart and that you really can't do anything to it. I fully recommend that everyone should buy this game because it is the best Alien game ever made."
,Recommended,214490,12908078,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BOT (BOT Ulysses),"Some bigshot review labeled this game as ""Terrifying"" but that's just the wrong description. ""Unceasingly Tense"" is more like it. Or how about ""Gorgeous""? You're on this giant, monstrous space-station hovering over a massive orange gas giant and sometimes you get to look out a window at it all, and you might notice you're standing there for a couple seconds longer than you'd anticipated because what you see is so dang beautiful! Meanwhile the dialogue doesn't suck, and the story is rather a slow unraveling of a mystery. People are disappearing on this space station, Sevastopol. The human-like androids, or ""synthetics,"" or ""Working Joes"" are acting ""strange""... If you've seen the movies you know that these robot-people are incredibly strong. The thing that runs them, Sevastopol's A.I., might be acting wonky. And of course there's an ALIEN on board! You gotta run, hide in lockers MGS style, make weapons out of the junk you find lying around, make distractions, and GET TO THE CHOPPAH. (It's pretty much nonstop tension and when it's not tense you get suspicious because the game's letting up on you which makes it tense again.) Oh yeah, people will complain that ""you're doing the same thing over and over,"" which is partly true. But only partly The game does a great job of introducing new gameplay elements at the right moments, juggling foes, weapons, mechanics, even the environments. Really it's a great addition to the Alien franchise. I give it a 10/10 and three wet kisses."
,Recommended,214490,12396146,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,DIRECTOR COMEY,"KERMIT, THE FROG, HERE, SAYING I NEARLY S**T MY FROG LEGS BROWN.Buy this game.**If you came here, faith shaken because of IGN's ""highly questionable""review...man/womanup, keep a fresh pair of undies ready, and prepare to be impressed at how quickly your fingers turn to jello on the mouse and keyboard, at the thought of moving even just a single step forward."
,Recommended,214490,12588496,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,JackEC2,Great game!
76561197962514924,Recommended,214490,12592222,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Jaznap,"Well yes, definately a true Alien franchise game. Amazing design on both visuals and sounds. I loved the experience. The game took 15hours for me to complete, so there was plenty of what to play aswell.Sure, there was some minor details that I was not that happy about (certain part of the game, which is raised in discussion, but I will not spoil) because it was kinda non-scary at all.Still, even after those, I would still recommend this game for anyone who likes on this genre (survival-horror).I will rate it 8/10"
76561197994322616,Not Recommended,214490,24974025,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,µ,"Excellent atmosphere and faithfully recreates the look of the first movie (my first surround sound experience when it was released) BUT as a game it provides a very uneven experience. Some levels are really smooth and (sometimes too) easy; others require and infuriating amount of repetition to get through. My main problem with the gameplay is that FAR too much of it relies on pure chance. The Xenomorph *might* see you under that desk this time or it might not. There’s not much *you* can do about it.If you like feeling helpless and repeating stuff over and over and over and over, then this is the game for you. 2/5"
,Recommended,214490,15437082,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,matthew,Excellent
,Recommended,214490,23162348,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Arawuusmies,The aliens were just looking for people to make friends with.  That hug tho...
76561198221246636,Recommended,214490,30030817,Posted: 19 February,all,Bananas4Gaben,"As a fan of the original Alien from 1979, playing this game made me feel just as scared when I saw the movie. The devs really put effort in making the game feel like it just came from the 70's. The story could have been better but I can't complain on the awesome alien AI when playing with the hardest difficulty. Totally recommend."
,Recommended,214490,12436530,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,kopelt07,"NOTE: Review is updated and finalized! Hope it helps!I was a little skeptical about this game at first, simply because the Alien movies were so good, and because CA totally bombed Total War Rome 2 (their latest huge release before now)... However, my longtime love of survival horror and the films got the best of me while watching game-play and trailers, and I decided to drop the cash and give it a go.STRONG POINTS:1)      Story & AtmosphereFor those of you that have seen the Alien movies, you will know what I mean when I say CA absolutely NAILED the environment perfectly! I feel like I'm actually in a new Alien movie not just during the cinematics, but also in the game-play itself. A huge sense of deja-vous tends to creep over you, even whenever there's nothing special going on at the moment. The cut-scenes and the cinematics are very well done and immersive. Alien Isolation is a game format sequel to the last Alien movie and with it's fantastic graphics, great voice acting, strong story telling, and perfectly reproduced environment, AI truly lives up to the name in this aspect.2)      Enemies & DangersOne of my original fears was that I was going to spend an entire game only running from the Alien, and that there would be no other dangers. Fearful that the game-play would be direly repetitive and that the AI for the Alien would be easy to trick. I was afraid that this would be yet another upset in the already struggling survival horror genre (not to confuse true survival horror with action horror games where you don't have to think and adapt in order to progress). Oh boy was I wrong... The game has PLENTY of variety. I'll explain:*First off, you have multiple dangers and multiple enemies. There are survivors on Sevastopol station. Some are loners and you're not sure how you should approach them (if at all). Then you have gangs of survivors who are so scared that they have decided to kill anybody outside of their group, and then you have small groups of people who are just out for themselves and won't help you but are no known danger at the time. As the game progresses, you learn you can trust nobody.*Secondly, you have the  Seegson Android VIs walking about the ship that have decided you and the other survivors are threats (due to security breaches, lockdowns, and so on)... They are creepily fast (walk like Michael Myers) and say nice or abstract things to you while they are trying to kill you. Until you beat the game, you never know when or where you'll run into anything and the AIs are extremely difficult to kill early on until you get good weapons.*Thirdly, the stations damaged systems are actually a threat to you. Exposed power lines will hurt you if you touch them, rooms that have air purification turned on will adversely affect your abilities, fire hurts you, and so on. The environment itself can be a threat if you're not careful where you're going and how you go about it.*Lastly, you have the Alien itself. The Alien that is nearly impossible to run from! Once it sees you and pursues you, you're dead. You can't hope to run fast enough to get away from it, or run fast enough to get into a hiding spot where it won't see you as you're getting into it. If it sees you and pursues you, you're screwed unless you have a flamethrower... otherwise, just accept it and be prepared to load your previous save...The best part, is that the Alien can partially learn from your behavior and adapt to your patterns. If you're way too repetitive and slow, the Alien will begin to catch on. It will still eventually find you, even if you're quiet as a dead body hiding in the same place completely out of view. It will eventually find you (trust me, I know). Even when you successfully sneak past it to a different area than it is currently stalking, it will find it's way to you. The noise from your walking/running, and your interaction with objects and computers will draw it to your area once again... As long as you're in the same map level that the alien is, it WILL find/follow you no matter how good at sneaking and diverting you are. The hunt is never ending. All in all, just when the game starts to get overly repetitive, it changes just in time. You face a different enemy in a different area, different circumstances and so on.3)      Secondary Survival AspectsYou have to actually find tools, blueprints, weapons, maps, and supplies to get places sometimes (or at least make it difficult to do so anyway). You have to make med-kits from supplies that you have to actually look for... You don't have convenient first aid kits on the walls that are calling your name ready to instantly heal you. If you rush along in the game and fail to pick up a tool that you need later on, you're gonna have to go back and find it (yes, even if it's way back there). You won't have to do that very much at all though, unless you have a bad habit of constantly rushing along and skipping everything. Ammunition is rare and hard to come by, so when you finally find a gun with some shots, you have to be extremely wise on when to use it, cuz if you run out of ammo, you might not find any more for hours to come. Then you're stuck with a melee weapon.In summary, there are plenty of different threats and you pretty much have to make or scavenge a lot of the stuff you need in the game. So, on top of having to sneak around trying not to get captured or killed, you actually have to pay attention to your surroundings and pickup all the tools/parts that you can, so you can be prepared for later... You never know when you'll need something. Oh and door hacking, rewiring, or typing in codes doesn't pause the game, you have to time those.WEAK POINTS:1) The Story is LLOOOOOOONNNGGG!! I'm a huge RPG player and writer. I love a big expanded story line but even for me this game seemed like it was starting to get drug out during the last few hours of progressive game-play. It took 27 hours to beat this game just on Medium difficulty and this is not an RPG (keep in mind playtime is relative depending on skill and focus). There are no side quests, exploration, dungeon diving, guilds, customization, or anything like that. You have the story and only the story. 27 hours for ""only"" that is probably the longest story ever, at least in my experience. So go into this game expecting to have to put a lot of time into it, and get comfortable with it.2) Too many plot twists and ""back-and-fourth-errands"" towards the end. This to me ties into my first point right above this one. In trying to make this game as long as possible and dragging it out towards the last few hours, in turn, it got a little annoying that you couldn't just accomplish ANYTHING you needed to do in one step. You'd finally achieve it, but nnooooo something has to go wrong and you end up going on a maze tour back and fourth to do points a, b, c, d, e, f, and sometimes g... This is good in well placed moderation, but too much of it over and over again just annoys people and actually creates monotony.3) POTENTIAL SPOILER...... it's a cliff hanger... After being such a massively long game and overcoming so many impossibilities... I like the fact that this heavily implies a sequel game, but I hate cliff hangers, so if you do too, then just go ahead and let that disappointment set in.Other than that, this game is one of the best true survival horror games that has released in a while. You have to think, adapt, use strategy, conserve, and pay attention to your surroundings. Everything matters, and sometimes your only choice is to run or hide and hope that you can get away. No game is a true survival horror if you can blast your way out of every situation or do the same exact thing every time. If you love the Alien series and true survival horror, then this is a must purchase. Unless you have unrealistic expectations of infallibility in every way, you will like this game."
,Recommended,214490,12436325,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Headshot,"This game is truly amazing, and deserves your money. 9/10. The only issue is that in the beginning, it's a little difficult to find your way, but when lost you go about exploring things.The level of detail is amazing. the FOV, graphics, and everything in general fully imerse the play, however, at time it feels more like a puzzle game then a horror.9/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,214490,21452704,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ali Mehdi,good
,Recommended,214490,12440671,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Big-D,"Wow, Just WOW!I dont think i have ever played a game that has left me feeling so fufilled. I mean, From the moment i started playing it to the moment i completed it i was at the edge of my seat. Lost a LOT of sleep but this is the only game to ever get my adreniline pumping from start to finish. Of course you have to have experinced the films and the franchise a bit to feel this way. The immersion can have you feeling things you never thought possible with this game.What you are getting is if resident evil (the first one maybe RE2 too), bioshock, and skyrim all had a threesome and made a baby. this would be it, set in the alien franchise universe where Weyland is up to their old shenanigans.The only thing that left me a little sad after about 18 hours of this is the final climax ending was a little bit of a cliffhanger  given the nature of the player character's backstory, you are kinda left feeling like you are owed a little more. Which tends the mean there will be DLC soon that will likely take place where it all left off..."
76561198118306628,Recommended,214490,14512657,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,DESTROYER GAMING,Now before I go to the bathroom I look up to see if im not under a vent. Still too scary to go.0/10 still need to poop.
76561198069029921,Recommended,214490,15090026,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,A greasy pair of trousers,Still don't understand the crafting system 10/10
76561197984908006,Recommended,214490,15815964,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Avan Madisen,"Things I liked about it:Authentic recreation of the look, sound and feel of the original film.Genuinely interesting story concept.You don't play a hardened marine or a Predator.There is only one Alien.The Alien is unkillable.The Alien is genuinely terrifying.The unpredictable Alien AI creates a genuine feeling of dread.Confronting the Alien with fire may scare it away, but it will come back, and it will be angry, very angry.Doesn't rely on jump-scares.Things I didn't like about it:Insta-kill glitches.After escaping the Alien several times, the humans and androids are no longer challenging and instead just annoying.All too often I found myself saying 'how the **** did I survive that' about scripted events.Story gets boring and a little too predictable towards the end.Scripted events where the Alien finds you are jump-scares and they kill the feeling of dread the unpredictable AI creates.The Alien AI is not always unpredictable and will follow what feels like patrol routes in some areas.I was all too aware of the lack of my own shadow."
76561197984679666,Recommended,214490,16703183,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[RIP] TRIXY,"This is an excellent fps game that takes a lot of patience to play. If you don't like stealth based, puzzle games, this one is not for you. Top notch graphics, storyline, soundtrack, voice work and AI. Well worth the pricetag.The ability to create your own weapons and medkits instead of finding them was a huge plus for me. My only gripe was the eventual repitition of missions that became apparent midway through the game. This opinion is probably due to my preference to open world gaming. But if you like stealth play, puzzles and an awesome looking alien chasing after you, look no further. 5 out of 5."
76561198060750217,Recommended,214490,22125553,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,In Amber Clad,I was running from an alien and i didnt come out of a locker for a few minutes. So effing immersive and terrifying.10/10 for making me scream like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,214490,12614121,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Doomfist,leg-day simulator. continuously do squats for 20 hours.10/10
,Recommended,214490,26738853,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Blondin,The first time i played it i soiled my pants. It was a sunday. I played it on the next day and i soiled my pants again. By the end of the week i had no clean pants and i had to go buy some more at the mall. At the end of the second week i had no more money for new pants so i had to go to work in my underwear. My boss didn't like that and i got fired. I bought some adult diapers with my severance check to stop soiling my pants while playing it and i looked for a new job.10/10 would soil my pants again.
,Recommended,214490,12415615,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Snakes with Human Traits,honestly i saw the pre order a few months ago after just seeing prometueus and im like okay cool so i decided to watch the alien series for the first time from the original to alien 3 and beyond to AVP and all i have to say is that this game fits perfectly into the Alien universe and the first few hours of play i was so excited to actually see the alien in game and after my first encounter even when it wasnt around i felt like it was and it gives you a feeling of fear the entire time so yea games has to be a 9.8/10 just not a perfect 10/10 becasue the AI can be a bit goofy and derpy at points
,Recommended,214490,24099687,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ShashyCuber,"A great horror game with an interesting plot line. I got it during the Sale with all DLC which are all phenomenal. Some visual bugs here and there you do need a beefy computer to run it. I personally have a bad gaming computer as I have Intel HD 5000 graphics integrated so i have to play on low resolutions and turn off motion blur and a few other things. HOWEVER that does NOT take away from the horror experience of this game. I have already watched playthroughs and even though I know a lot of the story line and times where the Alien pops in and out, I still jump in my chair. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,24219409,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nugget tenders,I took a big♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214490,24968270,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Uprise,"I don't think I can recommend this game any more than anyone else can. If you want to get the best experience, make sure you:1. Wear headphones (7.1 surround is SICK in this game)2. Turn off the lights/Play at night3. ALWAYS keep volume up.4. Don't rush the game. THIS IS VITAL. If you rush the game and somehow don't die every few minutes by sprinting, you won't be playing the game the it was meant to be played."
,Recommended,214490,24962053,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Afure,Outstanding game with excellent execution. Terrifying.
,Recommended,214490,19799354,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Westlin [GWJ],"Meh, its Aliens...."
76561198126477946,Recommended,214490,20018744,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Mulk,This game looks and runs beautifully.
76561197968904175,Recommended,214490,18419053,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,-Xan-,very intense gaming experience
,Recommended,214490,25154705,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,✠DEUS✠VULT✠,Im only 11 hours in and its already my favorite story game everThe only thing I can really complain about is the human Ai which is absolute garbage
,Recommended,214490,30933578,Posted: 3 April,all,PSYANIDE,"A:I is an awesome game. i did some pros and cons.PROS: good graphics, good plot, good villain, very long campaign, ETC.CONS: often confusing, go through same area multiple times, soetimes more like Alien: FrustrationI rate this game 9/10"
,Recommended,214490,13284797,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Thanos,Great Game! Had to restart as i didn't get the medkit. But this is the game the alien fans always needed!
,Recommended,214490,16345352,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Seabuff,you run and hide in lockers from this tall black guy and beat up pale white guysit's like highschool
,Recommended,214490,16956378,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Tanner Needs Sleep,"Video game movies tend to suck, but Alien: Isolation is a great example that movies can make great video games. I've spent many hours exploring Sevastopol, the desolate and isolated space station where the inhabitants that have survived for several weeks are worse at hiding than someone who just got there. Visually, Alien: Isolation is stunning. The enhanced graphics combined with the retro-futuristic style from the original Alien movie make for a visually appealing experience. The gameplay is another strong point of this game, pitting you against different types of enemies: the paranoid humans, the tyrannical androids, or the predatory alien. Different enemies require different approaches, and most situations require you to think ahead rather than act on impulse. There are some parts of the game that seem off: the alien seems to have a delayed raction to being set on fire and ignores other survivors in the room that are weeping loudly in favor of randomly searching the locker that Ripley happens to be hiding in. Overall, Alien: Isolation is a fun, tense experience that was well worth the money I paid for it"
76561197992525507,Recommended,214490,18056009,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,lemonboyz,This is awesome experience !You will never find any other game like this !So tension & terrify !
76561197984485822,Recommended,214490,28905141,Posted: 1 January,all,Lord Beric,This is by far my favorite extension of the Alien franchise. I'm rarely into stealth and survival horror games but this one blows me away. The graphics and audio are so immersive it's hard to feel like you aren't in imminent danger the entire time. Solid 10/10
76561198118767047,Recommended,214490,28926190,Posted: 1 January,all,Leao,"It's full of cliché's, but it IS the Best survival horror that i've ever played.Real scary and challanging, great script, but the player kinda always figures what is going to happen."
,Recommended,214490,17106942,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Killerobot87,"This is a very good game in many ways. One reason is that while the game is scary af it also has a great story line and characters. Overall the game is fun, scary, and just amazing."
,Recommended,214490,18021421,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Alex of Swag,This game is incrediblePositives-Amazing Stealth System-Alien AI-Story-Ending-Voice Acting-Awesome Visuals-Open levels for the most part (You don't just follow a straight line their are multiple paths)-Pretty Scary (and not in a cheap way)If you like games like Dishonered where stealth is the most important thing while collecting neat gadgets or like accessing secrets through exploration like ine the early bioshocks this game is definitely for youNegatives-Some backtracking-Gun play is pretty useless most of the gameOverall: Highly Recommend
76561198122560429,Recommended,214490,17905083,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Grandma,died a lot 11/10
76561198079521937,Recommended,214490,17101498,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,hptango252,Game=$40Ruined underwear/pants=$5 eachTherapy= $200 a professional sessionRough total cost= 40+(5*18)+(200*52)= $10530Worth it
,Recommended,214490,17166411,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,NotoriousBusinessMan,Most intense hide and seek simulator I've ever played
76561198071097921,Recommended,214490,13591157,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Klepto.The.Maniac,"I personally recommend this game if you are looking for a early heart attack. The game puts you ""on edge"", constantly, gives you the feel that anything can jump out at you at any time, and it usually does. If you are the type of person that is easily scared, or things like horror movies bother you then by all means play this, because it is a horror movie wrapped into a game. Don't worry about the shutters of the ship closing on their own, or the darkness that engulfs you or the hypnotic horror music that could be telling you that something is just around the corner, and definately don't be concerned that you have this ""im all alone feeling and hey its cool cause guess what i have no weapons either"", and definately don't be worried about the sounds coming from the area just around that corner, because you will have a nice safe vent in the floor to go down, lol... Yep i recommend some liquid courage while playing this game...Have fun!"
76561197971373355,Recommended,214490,12687038,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,kNIGHT,"Amazing. Most fun you will have hiding in a locker reading other people's long forgotten post-it notes and checking out their holiday snaps while you are hiding underneath your chair and have thrown your KB+M across the room in terror. Only 14 hrs in so far and have not completed it yet, but it has delivered in spades everywhere and hits so many memorable high notes sticking so closely to the original Alien movie. It is a remarkable game and I still don't believe it exists and can be this good given it's movie tie-in basis. The atmosphere is perfect, making you feel like you really are exploring a trade station. The game mechanics are even better often forcing you to go places and do certain things that you really don't want to do."
76561198009172847,Recommended,214490,31073172,Posted: 10 April,all,"Hank ""The Grill"" Hill",10/10
76561198027092920,Recommended,214490,13050445,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ahfarms,"Coming from a huge Alien fan, this game is a true loveletter.  I usually  hate scary survival type games, but this one was an exception.  One of the best games ive played in a long time.  Certaintly going to be considered a classic."
76561198170242042,Recommended,214490,15161757,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,MrFriendly,Woke up. Arrived at seemingly empty space station. met some afraid desperate people. went strolling on finding goodies and tools. lost a friend to unknown creature. now pacing mysaelf ran into at first seemed to be friendly androids they gave reassurance until i found one bashing another fellow travelers head in. started running and hiding till i walked out of space stations glory hole and got sucked into a vent where i met this fine *** creature and butt ****** me with its sharp tentacle until i died.HIGHLY RECOMMENED BUT WEAR BUTT PLUG AS PROTECTION 10/10
,Recommended,214490,15941789,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,♠♣Joker ♥ ♦,сама самая сама самая сама самая сама самая четкая часть из всех про чужих
,Recommended,214490,21935631,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Guy,Taking Years Off My Life Simulator
76561198165263399,Recommended,214490,26566969,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,cute chocolate princess,i really like this game but the LAG IS SO DANG BAD I NEED HELP I DONT HOW TO FIX IT
76561198055427644,Recommended,214490,20691908,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Obstep,"This game, is bloody terrifying. I don't find it as atmospheric as say Amnesia, which is by far my favorite horror game ever, but it holds up quite well. The graphics are fantastic, but the developers don't rely on it, which is very hard to find these days. The Xenomorph is fantastic looking, slimey and gross, like he was in the movies, and he has one of the smartest A.I. systems I've ever seen. The miscellaneous enermies feel fantastic as well, as they're almost as terrifying as the Xenomorph himself. There are some bits I could deal without, for one the beginning feels like it's too slow. To avoid spoilers, nothing really happened for about, an hour after I started, which is the same case for Amnesia, but nothing really happened, it felt like I was taking a pleasant stroll. In Amnesia, there were a bunch of plot advancements and different establishments of the atmosphere of the game as a whole, and there weren't books to read. Also, a lot of the animations for the player or ""Ripley"", feel very jumpy, they just sort of happen. Which isn't bad, but it takes away from the immersion. All in all, it's a fantastic game. If you haven't picked it up yet go ahead and do so, it's fantastic."
,Recommended,214490,21803011,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,💓 Wee Woo 💓,"One of the most scariest and terrifying games I've ever played. Run and hide is the only best option to survive. ♥♥♥♥ u alien monster. Before buying any games, just check the reviews. Communities judge better than ign or whatsoever called like them"
76561198030640036,Recommended,214490,17512236,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Moist Oyster,someday I'll finish this game
,Not Recommended,214490,25274820,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,birkovsky,"the first half of the game was quite fine, hiding, exploring... but them it was the same all over and over again - go there click that, go back here turn that, hide, wait, then go there, hide, wait... almost nothing new to explore, to solve, to fight, almost all the same stuff.. being not able to save when you'd need to, some more difficult parts had to be tried many (boring) times to succeedfinally just to see how it ends I changed to novice and made till the end, which dissapointed me toothe game is fun at the start if you are an Alien movie fan, exploring the ship, feeling the atmosphere, but then it gets boring because nothing changes"
76561198063529404,Recommended,214490,12515915,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,TheMightyRoy,I was in a locker. It sniffed it rather than simply just opening it.11/10 for realism
,Recommended,214490,17514813,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Zentry,"To start, this game has flaws. It crashes more than you would expect for a game with this budget, and there are sections that lack the polish that the rest of the game has. That said, most of the game is well polished, the sound work is excellent, and while sometimes the animation is a little clunky, once you're engrossed in the game it's easy to overlook. It starts a little slow, but once it picks up it becomes an engaging experience that added up to a thoroughly enjoyable game. Despite the game's AI driven nature, it never felt completely predictable.It's does expect some patience out of the player, and sometimes the character AI happens to generate frustrating loops of behaviour that can take a couple minutes to break. I was able to get out of all of them, so it's not like the game was broken. I even escaped a clearly glitched section, where I crawled under a desk that should have completely blocked the line of sight of a motion camera, but it went off as though it could see through the desk, causing the alien to be alerted, which kept the alien more or less locked in front of me. I eventually figured out that the camera had to be seeing my head clip through the desk, and got out by looking directly at the ground.It might sound like all I've said is negative, but compared to how engaging the game felt after the first section ended these are minor complaints. It's certainly worth a buy when on sale."
,Recommended,214490,17525407,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Based Ornstein,This game has tought me how to fear. Properly.
76561197964188266,Recommended,214490,17511668,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Esoxius,This game is incredibly good looking and seriously scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.
76561198136233998,Recommended,214490,28868385,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HarmTHem,Best game
,Recommended,214490,15223802,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Hehehehe Goblinus,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...its good but is missing somthin
76561198312820152,Recommended,214490,25087648,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Louis Garcia,Great game...
,Recommended,214490,15259802,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Casual,"Absolutely sick game.  So many hours of gameplay just on the easiest difficulty.  18+ hours of gameply if you play on harder difficulties.  I tried nightmare mode (hardest difficulty) on my first playthrough and it was probably the hardest thing ever.  Even if youre not a fan of the Alien franchise, you should try this game.  Horror fans will love this game as well. I was literally sweating in my chair at times and i flat out screamed at other parts.10/10 would scream like a small child again"
,Recommended,214490,15555041,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Shiro シロ [FIN],Best horror game!
76561198026695530,Recommended,214490,16395935,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,dwranne,15 minutes in and im loveing this game great sound track with an extreamly immersive atmosphear.
,Recommended,214490,23130915,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Ethereal,Pretty spooky game about a xenomorph being a what xenomorph do.
,Recommended,214490,20072443,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Krotchy,Try out nightmare mode on 1st time.now i am stucked on medic room.
,Recommended,214490,24326934,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,raikovich,"Hide and seek simulator extreme.This game is superb. I loved every second of it even though I spent 95% of the playthrough crawling and hoping the alien wont hear me.Excluding the clunky AI, this game is pure perfection. A true gem among games. 10/10"
76561198062803781,Recommended,214490,21333818,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,✿Pink Yoshida✿,"As far as a horror games go, this may be king among them in my humble opinion. It's been said before but horror relies on subtley and suspense and with most modern AAA horror games being about as subtle as a jackhammer at 2 am this is a welcom and refreshing change. The first act in this game had me sweating and jumpy as all hell, and the alien doesn't even show up in this act! The music is masterful and builds tension very well, the level design and actual asthetic of the game feels on point, thorough and overall top notch through the entire game.I have seriously never played a better horror game. Literally every other horror game I have played, I have done so with little to no tension or worry. This game however had me on the ropes the entire time even during additional play throughs.If you like horror, this game is for you. Remember kids, never play on hard or higher. Never. Never ever. Never ever ever."
76561198046785809,Recommended,214490,15133230,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Buford,"Superb game. Atmosphere is spot on to the original movie. When the alien is about you really feel like you're being hunted, and every creak and groan of the space station gets you spinning around. This lessens as time goes on but it never actually goes completely. Great visuals and sound and genuinely authentic looking.9/10.Only one gripe, and it's an ungrateful one. As fantastic as the game is, it just goes on, and on, and on, and on..............and on.Still can't recommend it highly enough though."
,Recommended,214490,15298248,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,sp00kie,"It's a good game overall but near the end, you just want it to finish already."
76561198063530678,Recommended,214490,23074297,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,"""Soundwave Acknowledges""","Pros: Relieved my girlfriend's constipation.Cons: Was actually a miscarriage.Alien killed my daughter, 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,31473841,Posted: 30 April,all,Gordy,"Na mate, coulded even play it. I heard the Alien and alt-f4 strait up. Like if ya want to stay awake, this is yer da, but if your wanin a sleep that night wrong game."
76561197969478461,Recommended,214490,17896186,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nachosaurius,Best alien game and one of the best ambientation in gaming history!!!
76561198033483761,Recommended,214490,17900884,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,teijo.hamalainen,This is the first game of Alien movie series that truly captures the essence of the these films. What a magnificent piece of art!
76561198027291417,Recommended,214490,15604424,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ozacky,"I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants multiple times. Running out of underwear. Zack, signing off."
,Recommended,214490,13475835,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Alo,"Great game!I love it.The idea is simple,and you feel free to do whatever you want.You can try a lot of tactics defeating humans,androids and the Alien.It's only downside is that when you first start playing,the walking's so realistic that it makes you dizzy xD."
,Recommended,214490,12822351,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Larry McDarry,"First off....   for Alien fans (like me) who have been dieing for a Alien game like this to come out- 9/10   For people who know the Alien franchise but not a huge fan- 8/10  And people who don't care for the alien franchise at all and just want to play a horror game- 7/10Pro's-Alien is amazing and is without a doubt unpredictable and will change its strategy's over time-Graphics are incredible and Creative Assembly defenitly know what there talking about when they say retro future!-Immersion is amazing and you will have non stop tension throughout the game-And acceptable story, but however the best part of the story is the voice acting-audio,AUDIO,AUDIO!!! This is what will tie most of the immersion together in this game, THE AUDIO!!!-AI in this game is down right just good and like I have already said the Alien is the best part of this game + its AI!Cons-Synthetics are repetive and can take away some of the amazing Alien moments and just frustate you-Normal or higher diffuculty can be to hard and make you through your keyboard across the room if you stress out-SAVING is the worst part how its manuel save but however I can kinda see why it is there4/5 for fans.3/5 for nonfans."
76561198090254152,Recommended,214490,29861888,Posted: 11 February,all,ReymanHD,I will never run in my life again :(Olympics out of 10.
76561198100366995,Recommended,214490,31653562,Posted: 9 May,all,jms93,Amazing game its a must play for any horror fans and especially fans of the first alien movie! 8/10 easily! my playthrough took 17 hours on hard difficulty.
,Recommended,214490,31658045,Posted: 9 May,all,The Devil,"It was a nice game! Just enought action to keep you interested and just enough to have you scared from time to time. Definitely not as close as being scary as Outlast, though... :)"
76561198019606227,Recommended,214490,31678182,Posted: 10 May,all,Seymour Richards,only 20 minutes of play and giddy like a school girl. some lag on cgi scenes between 56-63 fps. little choppy but no complaint. msi 1070
,Recommended,214490,28095281,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BoostRam ✅,Best scary game 10/10 everything.
76561198151333347,Recommended,214490,16435550,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Mrs. vick,Alien Isolation is hands down the most fun i have ever had playing a game and the most scared i have ever been. This game makes you fell so extremely helpless it's not even funny. This game is a must buy for any gamer.
76561198017956232,Recommended,214490,12395482,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Gozer The Destructor,"###UPDATE### After playing for a while longer I have one complaint. The save points in this game are pretty unforgiving.  Replaying the same 20-25min of crawling thru the same ventilation shafts over and over is pretty taxing. The game is stressful enough and the save systems pushes it into the category of punishment. Especially since the alien can one shot you with every encounter. This game would really benefit from either shorter stints between save points and/or load screen saves. Either would be better than this.___________________________________________________________________________Ive played for about 4hours now. First thing I would like to gush on about is the lighting. OMG it is amazing. Not a whole lot of action yet.  All the waiting for the alien to surface is maddening with tension. After hours of sneaking down hallways, crawling thru ventilation shafts. I began to wonder... where is this alien? I could hear it from time to time. But I began to think maybe I wasnt in too much danger. Dissapointment kinda settled in. Maybe the trailer lied about the game like most trailers do.  It was almost at that moment something grabbed me from behind. It twisted me around and I came face to face with a nightmare. It was painfully obvious that my moment of complacency had just cost me my life. It literally caused me to cry out loud. It was very disturbing how it just took it's time, almost as if mocking me for my stupidity. Then it was over. Gonna take a break till tomorrow.  10/10"
76561198046620088,Recommended,214490,18141781,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,G!7d@ !r3,"Great game! Wasn't expecting it to be so long! The difference between this and Colonial Marines is like the difference between The Evil Within and Left 4 Dead.Try not looking on the internet how to beat certain parts if you can help it.You're an engineer, think like one."
76561197993591926,Recommended,214490,12814762,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Narcisist,"This game truly delivers on the Alien experience. If you haven't played it, now is the time. There's a whole lot more to this game than I ever expected. I'd give it a solid rating of 9/10...and that's only because I don't give out 10's."
,Recommended,214490,12434666,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Twistah,2spookyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs
76561198103688246,Recommended,214490,22840430,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Clemm,Oyunu oynayacak kişilere biraz tavsiye vereyim:Motion tracker hareketli nesneleri gösterir yani durağan düşmanları göstermez.Motion trackeri kullandığınız zaman çıkan sesten dolayı Alien'e yem olabilirsiniz.İster dolabın içinde olun ister başka yerde.O yüzden gerekmedikçe kullanmayın.Oyunda çıkardığınız en ufak sesten dolayı Alien tarafından öldürülebilirsiniz.Ben ION torch ile kapıyı açmaya çalışırken ölmüştüm çıkan sesten dolayı.Noisemaker'i etkili kullanmaya özen gösterin.Gerçekten hayat kurtarabiliyor özellikle oyunun sonlarına doğru.Oyunda yapacağınız en son şey koşmak olmalı eğer Alien'e yem olmak istemiyorsanız.I recommend these when you playe the game:Motion tracker only indicates mobile foes.Do not expect it demonstrates all enemies include stable ones.You can be slayed by Alien when you use the motion tracker because of too much noises that it does wherever you hide.Use it when necessary.Even the slightest sound may attract Alien's attention and you can die without understanding what it was.Once I died while I attempted to open the door with ion torch.Noisemaker is very very effective tool that stand ur invantory.İt may work to run away from Alien.The last thing you do should be RUNNİNG wheter you don't want to be killed by Alien.
,Recommended,214490,29963690,Posted: 16 February,all,The tapeworm in your dog's butt,"So I'm righting pre-maturely writing this review, I was gonna write it AFTER I beat the game, but I'm stuck on one level. Not because of the aliens, no. Not because of the humans, or the androids. I'm not getting killed at all as a matter of fact. You want to know what it is? I'm stuck on a level, because it is not fully loaded. The loading screen to get in this level takes forever. You want to know what level it is? It's the level during the mission ""Head to the central reactor"". The creators got so f*cking lazy, that they couldn't design interior walls anymore, so they put you in a big black room that takes up a f*ck load of graphic loading. Once the level loads, you notice your frame-rate drops like the f*cking twin towers, there is no audio because the level glitched (hence you have no directions or any f*cking idea whats going on), and if you fall off the map... you don't die... you are looped falling through the map over and over again. This map in piticular is the f*cking worst. Every other map works just fine. But this map in piticular can suck my white young balls. I want to kill myself in real life now because I can not play the rest of the game, and enjoy the story, because one stupid idiot that helped create this game said ""HEY LETS PUT A HEAVILY RENDERED DARK ABYSS THAT 90% OF COMPUTERS WON'T BE ABLE TO LOAD PROPERLY, SO THE PEOPLE WONT BE ABLE TO FINISH THE GAME! HAHA!"" You know what? It's not just this level now that I think about it. It's the entire f*cking game that's as laggy as lucifer's f*cking internet router. This game is beautiful, the textures are beautiful, the sound is beautiful, I love this game, I love the gameplay, I am TOTALLY freaked out by the alien. But I wish I could f*cking enjoy it without my framerate crashing so much. My computer can barely run this game. I have a very good gaming computer, and even it struggles. So you can bet that your computer will crash instantly if you run this game.The bottom line is-This game is good, too good. The graphics are too much to handle on a PC, and thus it crashes your computer. But if you buy it on console, your graphics will be spared, but you won't get any cool mods like online.I'm just sad that this is going to be another one of my Steam games collecting dust in my Steam library, so I can play Team Fortress 2 and totally forget that I bought this expensive game. I put 20 hours into this game, just to be halted by one stupid poorly designed level. So if you want to expect a lot from this game, it's worth it, every cent of your money. But it's too good, and don't bite what you can't chew."
76561198316568264,Recommended,214490,29822699,Posted: 10 February,all,Gäisenberg,This game is so good. Is the game that we all have been wating for the francise to bring us. The survival horror mixed with aliens. Perfect. Graphics and sounds are well done too.
76561198081017539,Recommended,214490,27855246,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wolfeee,I screamed and my neighbours came and asked if i was alright.
76561198045924362,Recommended,214490,29550905,Posted: 28 January,all,Speedwack,"I remember thinking to myself, ""What if they made an Alien game like Outlast?"" And boom! Look what we got. This game is pretty sweet. I managed to get all achievements but 10. The story is pretty interesting as it gives more context of the Alien universe. However, there was a point where i just really wanted to end the game. By the end of it it just gets repetitive. I'm pretty sure i played this game on normal difficulty. As seen above, one play through managed to get me 16.5hrs of game time which is solid. I recommend getting this game on sale. Not worth full price. I'd also stay away from DLC. It doesn't expand the universe or story. They're just timed challenges which is lame as hell. All in all, the story is just oozing with info that if you're an Alien fan, this is ideal. I'd give this game 8/10."
,Recommended,214490,23877589,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Al Gore,"Amazinggggggggggggggg game, it is not without its flaws but whatever. I really want to see this come to the Vive, it would probably work better with the Oculus however - I can dream though!"
76561198082392200,Recommended,214490,29526079,Posted: 27 January,all,Noomie雪,Amaze.
,Recommended,214490,29727209,Posted: 5 February,all,✪ Wiwi Mimi,"A ver:Pros:+ Ambientación, Luz y Sonidos.+ Voces y Trama.+ Jumpscares.Cons:- Misiones repetitivas y cagantes de regresarte y regresarte.- Una vez que le pierdes el miedo al Alien ya no divertido.- Después de la misión 8 vez que los desarrolladores se quedaron sin ideas.Si eres fan de la saga te enamorará rápidamente, realmente cumple con la parte de gráficos y ambientación, pero la historia se vuelve cansada.8/10 IGN"
,Recommended,214490,27948932,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WWWWAAAAFFFFLLLLEEEESSSS,Sequal Please
76561198210071037,Recommended,214490,29801782,Posted: 9 February,all,intence66,ill be honest it has grate graphics and design however i prefer the other alien game where you are all in there shooting aliens and kicking♥♥♥♥♥with ur ai team ........ this one just seems to be a sneak build and info alien game what kinda sucks for me and now they are selling it for 7.99 instead of 29.99 whats kinda made me mad so yea idnk
,Recommended,214490,29493195,Posted: 25 January,all,Majes7ic_Narwhal3,I may or may not have♥♥♥♥♥♥myslelf the first time Alien killed me...
,Recommended,214490,28518062,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BARACK OBAMA,"Alien: Isolation is an amazing game that was underrated and under-played because of a couple of flaws. The visual design *perfectly* evokes the iconic style of the original film, the AI design is superb and a key contributor to the environment's believability, and it is truly scary and challenging. However, if you are the type to get easily discouraged by retrying difficult sections of a game you should play it on easy; the normal difficulties are already very very hard."
76561197985673124,Recommended,214490,23352583,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Roi_Pingouin,"This is one of the best game i ever played, as an alien movies BIG FAN and as a survival horror games lover.I love so much how you have to hide from the enemies and use items that you need to craft from scavenging, just like good old times with survival horror like Silent Hill and Resident evil.The game is really beautiful, it will surprise you with good lightning effects and a good soundtrack.The story and the spaceship looks like the first alien so the fan will love it (its also really scary at start but when you are used to see the xenomorph, the horror seems to go and you will play the game more easier).There is also survival mode and some dlc but the campaign will take 15-20 hours of gameplay.The only bad thing about this game is the story which i think could have been better, but its not that bad, however it look like to much the aliens movies so nothing surprising.if your an alien fan, buy it, if you are just interested you will love it too but careful because a lot of players didnt finish the game because its really scary when you are not used to it..."
,Recommended,214490,24432716,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Yuki 雪,"While I haven't completed the game yet, I can safely say that this game is absolutely amazing. great experience overall, only enhanced by the above average use of sound. Each chapter has its own feel of terror to it, and you end up revisiting a few areas in the game. You can then unlock more of the area by the new weapons and tools you have unlocked. I'll go over some individual mechanics of this game for this review:AIWhile the alien AI is extraordinary and it learns more about your distractions, sometimes he can be frustratingly blind. As for the human and android AI, it's not the best. It's still nothing too bad though, as the Alien really feels smart when he double checks an area or comes from different entrances every time he hears a sound. In short, 7/10SoundUse of sound is good. The way the alien footsteps sound like is terrifying and has scared me more than when I'm hiding from it. Speaking of sound, the music isn't too shabby either, but nothing over the top either. There's no large choirs, which to me always seems annoying in horror games.WeaponsWeapons are very effective against humans and it takes quite a lot of shots to kill androids. But the alien does not fear your weapons. Don't try to shoot him, it's basically suicide. There are a few weapons that stun the alien briefly. However. He also learns from this though, so don't use them too much early game.VisualsVisuals look great, I play on the lowest settings and my game looks great, there's no visual bugs at all for me and it doesn't take that much for a modern computer to run this game with high graphics.But there's one tiny bug...In a certain chapter you'll encounter a bug with some NPC's and objectives not loading. It's quite the spoiler saying exactly what chapter, so if you want to, look it up. The only thing I'll say is that it has to do with androids, maybe that'll help looking it up. A simple fix for this is apparently putting your settings to the lowest.ConclusionWhile it is one of my favourite all time games, there's certainly an amount of faults. But those faults do not outweigh the positives at all, and it's definitely a great game, one of the best horrors. It has a reasonable amount of times when it's on discount, so just watch the game if you're low on budget."
,Recommended,214490,27367926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ocean,meh
,Recommended,214490,25798080,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Xandumas |DHF| 悪の 妄想,"Really long horror game that will always make you feelveryunsafe at all times. Unscripted alien (most of the time) which makes it unpredictable and difficult. If the alien sees you, you're dead. However, the story is fantastic as well as the atmosphere, you have to be very careful when you shoot a gun, because most of the time the alien will hear it, as well as footsteps so don't ever run unless you know for sure it's safe. You will most likely be hiding in one spot for a long time because you're scared to continue, watch the alien go back and forth until it eventually finds your little hiding spot. If you want a good horror game that's long, great graphics, amazingly optimized (only 2 crashes throughout my playthrough) fun, will get you scared, with a good story, this is the game for you. A word of warning though, this game does get frustrating at points, and where it loses it's horror elements because of that frustration, just remember you'll get through it eventually. Amazing game, 9/10."
76561198058080721,Recommended,214490,22023937,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Edwardigans,Not just survival horror but a key component in the Alien franchise that is refreshing and more welcome than anything in the past 20 years.
76561198071106517,Recommended,214490,18796681,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,tattoogunman,Locker Simulator 9.0This game is evil - that is all.
,Recommended,214490,25642442,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,i fucking hate this game,is good
,Recommended,214490,24092985,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[L.M.B 2nd S.L] Spooker West-468,"One of the greatest games I've ever played. It's the kind that gives you a constant feeling to look behind you, without giving you nightmares.It's amazing."
,Recommended,214490,15386566,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Focal,"There aren't many horror games or movies that scare me anymore, they're either too predictable or the characters are so stupid, the whole thing just becomes frustrating. Considering the previous Alien games, I wasn't expecting much more than a run'n'gun. Until I watched the gameplay reviews. I immediately bought the game. This game is an experience in itself. The atmosphere, lighting (or lack of), suspense and stunningly recreated scenery (from the first movie) has made the only Alien game I think is worthy of the title 'Alien'.Several hours in and who knew ducking under tables and hiding in cupbourds would be so terrifying?I haven't played a game that's made me feel this 'on edge'... ever...Then again, watching the Alien movies at age 5 didn't help, especially considering this is the theme that haunted my childhood...Alien is the reason I didn't want to leave my bedroom once all the lights where off.This game has brought all of those horrific emotions flooding back.FANTASTIC! 10/10 MUST PLAY"
76561198026520396,Recommended,214490,31303859,Posted: 22 April,all,Spanyell,I pooped my pants and had to stop playing.
,Recommended,214490,14501069,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sopel,Hide. Run. Hide. Run. Distract. Sh*t yourself. Repeat. One of the best games I've played so far (and finished) and the best Alien game ever made. 10/10- would survive again.
,Recommended,214490,31798572,Posted: 16 May,all,time,#stopalienabuse
76561197997834944,Recommended,214490,12918490,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,BlackCoffee,I loved this game!!
,Recommended,214490,29128671,Posted: 8 January,all,DogsOnAcid,2014 GOTY CANDIDATEOne of the greatests horror games of all time.
76561197964903074,Recommended,214490,23911323,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Citizen Perfect,"Survival horror is not my genre, so I dialed down the difficulty and had a great time - if survival horror is NOT your thing, I recommend the same - you will have a great time!  Visually and sound-effects are exceptional: it matches the spirit and feel you'd expect and want from the Alien setting.  The survival horror elements are done well (although I have little experience with this style of play) with 3 basic flavours: the Alien, the Androids, and the other Survivors - each reacting differently to you (but in all cases, don't make noise).  The only gameplay element that I had a gripe with is, the map: use it for a visual map only - if you are looking for a precise indicator for objective points your motion tracker is the only and best tool.  The pacing is good with a mix of all three opponents in sometimes overlapping section - the ending is done very well and it changes up the pace and builds to dramatic end.  My favorite moments were spacewalks, the only time I felt safe, and could enjoy the view!I give it five cigarette smoking Gandolfs."
,Recommended,214490,13679826,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aliandris,"I'm going to preface this review by letting you know that I am a big fan of positive, happy gaming experiences and that horror games, much like horror movies, are not my thing.  You need to know that so when I tell you that this game gave me everything I never thought I wanted out of horror gaming, you understand where I'm coming from.Alien: Isolation was something of a nostalgia purchase for me.  I grew up with the Alien movies, and while I've never been a fan of scary stuff, I've always been frightfully curious about the appeal.  I've purchased other horror games, and given up when they were nothing but stock horror and jump scares.  They always came across as trite or desperate.  I bought Alien: Isolation hoping for something different, but expecting the same.I was wrong.Big picture, Alien: Isolation is an incredibly atmospheric game with a rich world set upon a space station the size of a city.  The ever-present danger the Alien represents, mixed with environmental, human, and android hazards was a great blend, forcing you to stay alert and aware for the tell-tale signs of the various threats.  Sometimes you only had to contend with one at a time, and sometimes combinations.  It was all blended together in a seamless dance that often had me hiding in a storage locker praying to god not to be found.It's the little touches that really differentiated this game from other horror games for me.  Every other horror game I've played introduce the places you can hide right as you need them.  This game didn't.  Hiding places were everywhere, constant reminders that even when you weren't in danger, you could be.  Also, the stories put together from computer logs, of families separated and loved ones missing.  The increasingly falling apart space station, with damage and fires, graffitti and garbage piling up.  All of these things added to the terror of being hunted, a subtle note of sorrow and inevitability beneath the heart-pounding rush you get as you sprint for the emergency door over-ride to lock the pursuing Alien out of the room you just accidentally made a noise in.I could go on and on about this game and all the things it does right.  The motion-tracker.  The crafting system.  The characters and the voice acting.  Atmosphere.  Story.  It's all really, really well done.Overall, as someone who has a hard time with horror stuff, this game scared me in all the right places, in all the right ways."
76561198007744351,Recommended,214490,32258516,Posted: 7 June,all,OlekWasTaken,If you are a fan of the Alien movies PLAY this! If you are a fan of horror games PLAY this!! It is so good with a story worthy of beeing a part of the Alien universe.
76561198089901837,Recommended,214490,15591817,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,H   U   H,A more complicated game of hide n seek. I r8 8/8 (seriously though its pretty good
,Recommended,214490,13525583,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Flibedi-floob,"Summary: I give this game 8/10.ATMOSPHEREThe atmosphere of this game is nothing short of revolutionary. This game blows both horror games AND the Alien movie, out of the water. If you would have a choice between watching Alien, and playing this game, and you couldn't do both, then you should buy and play this game instead of watching the movie. I have never before seen a game where the atmosphere has gotten so perfectly nailed down. As atmosphere is the core of a horror game, I'm willing to forgive pretty much everything else....because this game does have a few issues besides that.THE ISSUESThis game does have a few bugs and issues.- The current price (as always). Never ever buy a game for $50 - that's just dumb. I bought this game on a 50% christmas sale, paying maybe $45 for the full package, and it was fairly worth it. Put this game on the wishlist until it's about $35, and THEN buy it, and you won't regret it.- ...and as always, the game doesn't check if the graphics card drivers are outdated, resulting in frequent crashes that I hear can even shut down laptop computers. Outdated graphics drivers should never be treated as a fault of the consumer. It should be checked upon the start of the game, and the player should be prompted to update his drivers before continuing.- Levels don't save their state. This means that you can go back to find that all the machines that you operated have been reset, that you can pick up all the weapons and ammo again and again, that all the maps are listen as untaken again, and that all the junction boxes have to be reconfigured again.- The keycodes... Two of the codes in the game, doesn't lead anywhere. One of them is listed on a Twitter account off-game. One log is listed as containing a keycode, but doesn't.- ...and if you're looking for a 100% log run, then you better be lucky enough to do a certain sequence of events in the exact order, or log #149 will be forever locked to you, and you need to start the WHOLE run over.ANIMATION BUGSThe world coordination with the animations is consistently buggy in various ways:- During dialogue, the NPCs don't turn to face you more than a few degrees, occationally even vibrating in place.- Sometimes walking on uneven terrain causes YOU to begin to vibrate, which looks like you're tap dancing.- Sometimes pieces of physics scenery will get entangled in the legs of your character model, causing you to make weird loud noises when you move about. This will stick with you through level transitions and saves. The only way to get rid of it, is to ride an elevator (at which point the item will probably glitch through the floor).- Once I saw a character get stuck walking into a box forever (until spotted).- If you get killed during some quicktime events, the game doesn't play a death animation.- The animation of the alien entering a ceiling vent, is sometimes completely misplaced - probably when it exits a floor below or above the one that you're on.- A lot of the time, when removing animated things (like NPCs) connected entities to it, isn't removed with it. This results in you encountering these things floating in mid-air (such as the lights and doors of a shuttle, guns, and other tools).If these bugs (among others) are fixed, I might raise the score to 9/10, but nowadays game developers rarely feel responsible for a product after its release, so that remains to be seen.MECHANICS ISSUESThe main game mechanic of hide-and-seek, while mostly great, balances between tight routes around your position that makes it impossible to move from a hiding place for minutes on end, and the alien almost never figuring out to look where you're hiding. If you are hiding around a corner, then it will almost never look in your direction, even on Hard difficulty. A better way to create suspense, would be to give it an honest chance to spot you, but widen its routes around you.The locker quicktime events have to be learned through trial and dying, in a place where the save stations are unusually sparse. I also have to question how the alien seems completely deaf to certain beeping noises, while other NPCs can figure them out in no time at all.Also, if you press up against a crawlspace, you will not get the prompted (to press a key to enter it). You will instead need to back off from it. This is frustrating.There's a lot of machine operations in this game, but they're just there to give the player a false sense of him ""doing science"". It's kiddie stuff like ""Hold X and press Y"" or ""Press X repeatedly"". You can tell that the developers struggled to put in these elements at times, as there's a part where (*VAGUE SPOILERS*) four NUCLEAR WARHEADS are used for explosive bolts for a docking clamp. These warheads are instructed to detonate in five minutes, but is instead detonated instantly with no casualties. These machines didn't totally suck, but they could have been done a bit better.CHARACTER ISSUESThe protagonist suffers from ""the badass syndrome"". She starts out disgruntled (despite never having been betrayed) and cocky enough to boss cops around (despite just being a welder). This is a bit different from the responsibility-driven Ellen Ripley, and I wish that she would show up just to smack the protagonist upside the head and teach her some manners.THE DIFFICULTYThis game may APPEAR hard, but it really isn't. This is what I experienced while beating the game on Hard difficulty. (There is now a Nightmare difficulty installed as well, that I haven't tried yet.)- As I stated previously, the alien won't actually turn in your direction unless you choose to walk, sneak into its line of sight, or ""corner"" it into looking at you no matter which way it turns.- Out of the craftable improvised devices, I didn't use anything but the occational medkit. These devices are just there for players who want to cheat, because they don't understand how to play the game.- This game failed the ""DSP test"" (meaning that DarkSydePhil actually managed to beat this game). Yes, DSP did it on Normal difficulty (which can easily be lowered to Easy difficulty off-camera) and yes, he had a few difficulties, but if a mentally challenged person can beat your game, then there's no actual challenge to it. Then it doesn't require intelligence to beat. Then the game is nothing beyond violin stings and creepy atmosphere. The biggest challenge that I saw stupid LPers make, was forgetting that they could press Space, or go both ways on a ladder. You will prove nothing by beating this game.THE LET'S PLAYSNormally you can alternate between playing a game, and watching other people playing this game in YouTube Let's Plays. This game is perfect for watching careless people get caught and killed. However, the LPs that I know of, isn't so good that I'd recommend them.FrozenFoxy is the most intelligent LPer of the bunch, but while the LP is great, he's releasing two episodes a week. ...so he'll probably be done with the LP in a year from now, or something.Markiplier plays like a nervous wreck, making the LP start out good, but as he progresses, he begins goofing off too much.Normally I wouldn't recommended anybody to watch PewDiePie, but as this game punishes his playstyle particularly, it's fun to watch for a bit. However, after a while he begins cutting out all his failures, and instead we get to endure his constant sexual harassment ""jokes"".Finally, DarkSydePhil's LP starts out by DSP claiming that he's a huge Alien fan, despite never actually having watched an Alien movie in his life, and from there it's the usually ""This is how you DON'T play X"" hilarity that we all know and love. However, a bit into the game, he looks at the achievements and learns exactly how long the game is going to be, and repeatedly begins to tell his audience how much of the game is left. This ruins the game."
,Recommended,214490,18739711,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,ROFLSaurus Rex,"Got it on sale for a few bucks last year. Played it, and it was easily one of my favorite games from last year. Will play again. It K!!"
76561198007197608,Recommended,214490,22489758,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[S]almon,"An awful lot of games claim to provide an “immersive” experience, very few succeed to the extent that Alien: Isolation does. As other reviewers have already noted, this game really feels like you’re playing through a AAA movie - the voice acting, environments, action and music are all terrific. Isolation also stands apart from most games you’ll play today by being a true gamer’s game - totally focused on a kickass single-player campaign experience. You’ll crawl and hide your way through this game and enjoy (almost) every second of it.Of course, no game is perfect, and Isolation is no exception. There is a bug in the first mission that requires a restart or a door won’t open and when you open up the controls on a PC game it really shouldn’t pull up the mapping for a controller. The very end of the game also feels a little bit on the tedious side. But those are ultimately minor complaints. This game is definitely worth picking up - whether you’re a fan of survival horror genre, or not."
76561198095356797,Recommended,214490,22701532,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WeeABoo,"this game is good, i accidentally watched a full play through of the game and the dlc... and coulnt ger into playing it again for very long but overall a great game"
,Recommended,214490,13140085,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,NaturalSelector89,♥♥♥♥♥my pants even though I didn't have them on 10/10
,Recommended,214490,30274135,Posted: 2 March,all,Tybug0rz,"Im sure its a good game, but Im too scared to finish it."
,Recommended,214490,32354612,Posted: 11 June,all,Hentai,I liked the game but it was pretty hard so I don't really like it that much.
,Recommended,214490,24072613,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Blackthorne,3spooky5me
,Recommended,214490,24069270,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Rookie,Better than Colonial Marines. That's for sure.
,Recommended,214490,23927560,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CoBrine,"Best game in which I had to play, the atmosphere, graphics, story, everything is fine. I think the best survival horror of the universe aliens."
76561198137551659,Recommended,214490,32639430,Posted: 22 June,all,Fireflyfan16,Walking...Walking more...Thought i heard something ?Nothing there...Walking again...♥♥♥♥tt !! My face was just ripped off.
,Recommended,214490,32641162,Posted: 22 June,all,Cookie Stabber,The game makes more sense if you write reviews like this:spoopy xenoman kill me from vent.don me a frighten.
76561198029983247,Recommended,214490,30124501,Posted: 23 February,all,Highrollerman.caserandom.com,best game
,Recommended,214490,32948990,Posted: 28 June,all,BillBoBaggins,Good game
76561198114505229,Recommended,214490,19943265,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,THE_MANGA_NINJA,AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...(died)...HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198055431714,Recommended,214490,16999466,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,E-Dog,Like Outlast but in space
76561198151508686,Recommended,214490,33167999,Posted: 2 July,all,Guardian Angel,I Love this game
,Recommended,214490,15115562,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,PredatorAvP Fan,"The lack of Waypoint makes it really hard to figure out what to do. Besides that, amazing game"
,Recommended,214490,22668510,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GentleGarden,Pros:- Graphics- Audio- AtmosphereCons:- No boobs- May have pooed myself
,Recommended,214490,12410907,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,LC85,This game nearly gave me a heart attack 10/10
76561198197889757,Recommended,214490,21771602,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,[BG]BoUrNe,yep good game
76561198118911396,Recommended,214490,15118862,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Sloppy_Tits,Very fun
,Recommended,214490,20840323,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Farks,Absolutely excellent game that perfectly captures what Alien is all about both in its atmosphere and gameplay. Survival rather than confrontation.
,Recommended,214490,31552143,Posted: 4 May,all,Sam_n_Cheeezz,"What i dont like about Alien Isolation is the fact that you cant kill the ♥♥♥♥ing xenomorph if you get caught. Like the game forces you to play the role of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you HAVE to sneak around and be spooked 24/7.bruh, I want the alien to be scared of me god damnit.yella-belly/10"
76561198184081933,Recommended,214490,22924867,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Logic's Nemesis,Great if you want to empty your bowels on a Saturday night.11/10 would summon Mr. Hankey again.
,Recommended,214490,17127915,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD,spooky
76561198206193189,Recommended,214490,17128437,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,pig,"I can't play this game, it's too frightening!"
76561198090632674,Recommended,214490,17129873,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,pacmansaysnom,"Alien camps harder than nubs in COD, 10/10 -ign"
,Recommended,214490,17124958,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Blooming Onion,Allen
,Recommended,214490,13524594,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,superserter1,"IF YOU WISH TO BE SCARED UTTERLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU. FEATURING A ♥♥♥♥IGN TENSE, ATMOSPHERIC AND TERRIFYING SOUNDTRACK, IT REALLY SETS THE MOOD FOR A SURPRISE DEATH.TO MAKE IT OVERLY REALISTIC, THE GRAPHICS ARE FANTASTIC, REALLY IMMERSING YOU IN THE ""I'M ABOUT TO DIE BY A GIANT ALIENFGHJZFLSRB ♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥I'M QUITTING THE GAME"" FEELING.ME, MYSELF, HAVE ONLY REALLY SEEN THE ACTUAL ALIEN ON-SCREEN FOR ABOUT 30 SECS, AND I WAS ON THE VERGE OF TEARS, AND I WAS SHAKING. IT REALLY PAYS HOMAGE TO THE MOVIES, AS IT IS SCARIER THAN ALL OF THEM PUT TOGETHER AND ♥♥♥♥TUPLED.THIS GAME RE-DEFINES THE DEFINITION OF FEAR, LET ME TELL YOU.BUY IT.SCARE YOURSELF ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10, definitely."
,Recommended,214490,22745895,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,spooky cat,You must restore power to read this review.
,Recommended,214490,29851532,Posted: 11 February,all,Mr.Anonymous,"DO YOU SEE MY PROFILE PIC...WELL THAT WASS MY FACE WHEN I STARTED PLAYING.FOR THE FIRST TIME I DECIDED TO GO ON NOVICE AND LATER ON MEDIUM AND HARD.I TOOK NOVICE AND STILL THE EXPIRIENCE IS...LIKE DAAAMMMMMMMMMN IT IS SO ♥♥♥♥ED UP ALL PACKED WITH GREAT STORY,♥♥♥♥ING ANDROIDS AND ALIEN THAT JUMPS FROM EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING HOLE...ACCEPT MAIN PROTAGONIST...SHE HAS A FEW HERSELF :3HIGLY RECCOMMENDED!!!"
,Recommended,214490,32752441,Posted: 24 June,all,elomenopee,"A M A Z I N GIf you are a fan of the movie franchise, play this. You will cream your panties"
76561198006715647,Recommended,214490,16812935,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GemaneDude,Saw AlienTried to hideMy brother jumpscares me in my roomHad a triple heart attackDied11/10 would die againWhat a game! I've never been so frightened in my life. Beauty!
76561197963367290,Recommended,214490,16817588,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,K1ll3r,Very intense
,Recommended,214490,16820258,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,itsACoppa,You dont need to be fan of Alien to enjoy this masterpiece
76561198074999355,Recommended,214490,16819782,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,UnaidedPizza,One of the most immersive games i have ever played and it so worth playing all the way through even if you get stuck
76561197960496543,Recommended,214490,16823183,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Raziel,Hiding under a desk has never been this excitingAmazing atmosphere and attention to detail. Terrible DLC
76561198238513750,Recommended,214490,23529120,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Red Fox,"Great game. Too Scary. I bought it because I liked the movies and it did not disappoint. My only concern is that since its too scary its just a waste of money. I'm too afraid to play it. I'm too busy during daylight hours, but after the sun goes down the game gets ten times scarier with all the shadows in my house."
76561198155156452,Recommended,214490,23559926,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BunnyButt,It gave me Entomophobia.
,Recommended,214490,23517829,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,bitchspray,"I'm not really a horror/survivor game fan, but I enjoy the Alien franchise a lot and there are so many great things about this game. The graphics is just wonderful (and not that resource-consuming), the whole 80s futurism design is spot on, and I love how the devs managed to create an original, yet meaningful story that could easily work as a film script for an Alien spin-off.Also, the whole dynamics of the story are very nicely balanced -- there are sections with stealth only, sections where you can use weapons, sections where you can roam around the station quite freely and take in the wonderful environment... All of these feel mixed up in just the right way so that the game doesn't get boring.It took me a bit of time to get used to the controls, but they help to create a good experience. The same goes for the back tracking. In some parts you're required to backtrack a lot but it helps to build the atmosphere of despair.Alien: Isolation is a great game and if they ever decide to make a sequel, I'm definitely buying it."
,Recommended,214490,13538572,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,OUCH!,great meme
76561198200294538,Recommended,214490,30268122,Posted: 1 March,all,scarecow,Great game at a great price when on sale. I recommend it.
76561198123412837,Recommended,214490,12394063,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,python4161 4K,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is gorgeous... And ♥♥♥♥ing scary too. Once again in scared of vents and wide open places. 20/10
76561197983230634,Recommended,214490,29324449,Posted: 17 January,all,Revan90,Bellissimo gioco . Mi è piaciuto quanto il primo film :_) .
76561197979421623,Recommended,214490,29324772,Posted: 17 January,all,Back Door Bandit,freeky game! when you start to see the alien and trying to hind
,Recommended,214490,29320420,Posted: 17 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,"Spooky, in SPACEEEE!!! 5/6"
,Recommended,214490,23102944,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dan S189,41 mins of near ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself
76561197961396583,Recommended,214490,12400360,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Manta,You will require nappies to play this game - as you will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself :)
76561198135293662,Recommended,214490,33732468,Posted: 22 July,all,MTheMan,"*SPOILERS*Featuring: Crawling, AND…that’s it it’s a 14hr long get from point-A to Point-B simulator that’s oddly fun and addictive. Sooo, buy it now and enjoy:14 hours of crouch-walkingLooking at a motion detectorHiding from the AlienHiding from the HumansHiding from the Androids (because everything on that f**king station wants to kill you for some reason)Regretting your decisionsComplementing the graphicsTaking screenshotsThose occasional moments when your safe in an elevatorSweating out of you’re *ss while savingManaging to bug out the AIWandering why the Alien doesn’t give a s*it about being hit by: pistols, shotguns, stun batons, nail guns, explosives, renches…But yet runs away from a makeshift flamethrowerGetting through a whole level only to find out you have to go back to where you started..On almost every levelGetting shot in the face and walking away like it’s nothingFalling down an elevator shaft and walking away like its nothingHaving a tone of explosives explode 2 meters away from you and walking away like it’s nothingJumping out if an airlock, spiraling out of control at over 100km/h, hitting a space station without decelerating and walking away like it’s nothingWalking through a nuclear reactor where even the androids are wearing radiation suits and walking away like it’s nothingWandering how a massive space station crashed into a gas giant, making an explosion the size of South America and nothing happenedAND MORE!--------------------------------------------------Anyways, jokes aside, this really is an amazing game, and it is as good as the two movies it takes place in between."
76561197977635717,Recommended,214490,12394829,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Simking,"Excellent graphics, unique game engine, amazing sound. Its is extremely immersive, but i found the alien to be more annoying than scary. Once you learn the patterns that the alien follows, it becomes more of a chore to avoid attracting his attention.  Still, this game is unique in the horror genre and will be a treat for those new to the alien franchise. Id give this game an 6 out of 10 despite the work that went into making an unscripted alien. If the alien was supposed to be unscripted, why doesnt he go bother someone else? It Always harries you even though there are MANY other people in the station making all kinds of noise. It seems that it doesnt matter where you go, the alien is there waiting for you to make any noise, then he falls out of the roof and makes your life miserable. Enjoy the constant stress without scares."
76561198006521459,Not Recommended,214490,20832656,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ryvucz,"Just no. Hide and seek simulator with Alien, humans and androids.Your true enemy are the humans, you can't talk to them, they make all sorts of noise, alien ignores them. You kill a human whom has a gun, you see gun, you can not pick up or use that gun.The controls like to♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves when you need to move.""Nightmare"" mode excludes the map, but you can still activate the map terminals and bring up the no data maps menu. WTF much?Furthermore, when you're activating a save point and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ starts shooting at you. Just hope you don't get hit, because you can't cancel it's five second boot sequence./sigh AI just likes to spawn in an area with no audible indication that they have arrived from one of the two transit systems or solidly locked, non-functional doors.And it appears androids also want to kill you, suppose that shouldn't be a surprise since everything in this game wants you dead. Even the alien will avoid the androids. Go figure."
76561198123142418,Recommended,214490,17785178,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Der Großmann,"exellent game ,it got the ALIEN atmosphere just right"
,Recommended,214490,12394475,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cynabal,"This game is pretty damm awesome, visuals are stunning, music and atmosphere is tense, really gives you genuine scares and gets the adrenaline pumping, definitely worth a play, plus the attention to detail from the alien films is astonishing! 9/10"
76561198053395000,Recommended,214490,13016603,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,TWORODS ||,Huge aliens fan and if you like the aliens frachise at all just buy it amazing and very very scary game!!!!!!! o_O
76561197983786596,Recommended,214490,26860925,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iDig- Candy,alien needs a hughe is a good guy deep inside
,Recommended,214490,31603124,Posted: 7 May,all,CrEaToR™,Great game.
,Recommended,214490,17135935,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Lonerwurld,can't play this game anymore...too ♥♥♥♥in scary...
,Recommended,214490,25404316,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,PEENOOTZ,i recommend wearing diapers.
76561198036128870,Recommended,214490,16398231,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Klempo,"For any die hard fan of Alien movies, this is a must buy. There have been a lot of talk about how the game is too long, which I must say is something I have never heard being said about any other game. It's like people couldn't find anything wrong with the atmosphere, graphics, sound design, or even the story itself, so they decided to complain about the time needed to finish the game. I personally think it makes no sense.As far as the gameplay goes, you will literally think you are in the movie. So much has been said about the atmosphere, sounds and graphics but I have to say it again - it rocks. I recommend playing the game with the headphones, because sound plays a huge part in creating the atmosphere. You will be afraid, you will jump in your seat more than once, you will die often and you will want to go again and again.This one is a classic."
,Recommended,214490,25397544,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,phleabas,good
76561197968833672,Recommended,214490,16402746,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ExoticBroomSalesman,"this♥♥♥♥♥♥is scary yo, buy it"
76561198217499125,Recommended,214490,25391094,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,matt.rampersad,I just beat it! My god its scary but well worth it if you love thoes kinds of games!
76561198055157976,Recommended,214490,25406105,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MikeDSlayer,Not for p#ssies. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,214490,19259108,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,-=GMz=- CH3SSL0RD3 | ELO3K d-_-b,trick or treat- the alien
76561197983122815,Recommended,214490,18562330,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Sep11InsideJob,Amazing game. I can't wait for the VR version of this.
,Recommended,214490,14996329,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gorilla,Great game to play high.
76561198008281514,Recommended,214490,22927771,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,VorteX,"When you have a gun, lots of ammo, a clear shot on the unwary monster's head.... and you're just too scared to pull the trigger, you know a survival horror game is doing an amazing job.This is hands down the best Alien game since the first AvP by Rebellion came out. We may as well stick pencils in our noses to forget everything in-between.Not for pure action fans, but fans of survival horror and Giger aliens in general are in for their holy ♥♥♥♥ing grail. A great title that also shows remarkable love for details on the developers' part."
,Recommended,214490,16526645,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Bunny Morty ❤,Alien: Isolation teaches you a good life moral. Be scared of everything.A light knocks on = Be scaredA light knocks off = Be scaredConfronted by a Worker Joe = Be scaredA TV explodes = Be scaredA door/airvent opens randomly = Be scaredA person confronts you with a gun = Be scaredSee the Alien = Be scared10/10 would be scared again
76561198121272614,Recommended,214490,21257912,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,brian_n_luisi,My game of the year 2014.
,Recommended,214490,12397885,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Badddger,"Ok, after worrying about preordering this title, I was pleasantly surprised! The first sign of hope was the music at the title screen; classic! This is the most accurate representation of the Alien universe a game has gotten! If you like the Alien series and survival horror, then you should like this game! Turn out the lights and crank up your headset!After finishing it, I can say as a diehard Alien fan, I enjoyed it very much!"
76561198063656012,Recommended,214490,28810848,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Happy,It scared the crap out of me while I was on the toilet.Good game
,Recommended,214490,29362146,Posted: 19 January,all,worldstarentertainment,"Man this game is great, Jumpscares got me at first but you get use to them."
76561197977293371,Recommended,214490,22811809,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Hugo Кошка Leary,I've never liked staying in a closet that much before (and paying for it).
,Recommended,214490,12419515,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,the one and only camel,"man, this alien is like so knarley and freaky"
,Recommended,214490,13253314,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Xyloritus,Amazing visuals. Like you're actually in the movie.
,Recommended,214490,12393288,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Squiddlez,"Need new heart, chair, pants, underwear, keyboard, mouse and monitor!I haven't been this worked up and paranoid since Dead Space.... I'm gonna regret playing this though! I work 3rd shift in a factory setting."
,Recommended,214490,12393649,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jayy,So far this game is awsome! idk about anyone else but this game crashes after you load the current save after dying.
76561198106574301,Recommended,214490,12393524,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,crimsonorama,True Alien! Bravo Creative Assembly!
,Recommended,214490,12393262,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SickTag,"One of the first reviews, so here it goes.  Wow!!  One of the scariest horror survival games that I have ever played.  It is just like being in one of the movies!  I have the deluxe edition, so I have been playing the first movie bits.  This is a game that doesn't need tons of monsters to keep you scared and on edge.Playing this game in the day does not help, and playing in the dark will only draw you more into the game.  Worth every penny!11/10 - Awesome!!!"
,Recommended,214490,12393471,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Frostback,"The best game I will never finish..... for a *good*? reason?The developers went above and beyond creating the environments for this game. Tracking down old behind the scenes footage on betamax. For all you kiddies out there betamax was the more expensive and better alternative to VHS but never took off due to the price... Whats VHS you ask? sigh.The reason I will never finish this game is that it scares the pants off me. The longer I play the more anxious I get and hit the esc key. Normally I try to make it to a save point but not always.... I haven't even seen the alien yet. This is because my dad had me watching the original movie when I was about 8 years old and I don't think I slept again until I was 15.Alien: Isolation creates such a whicked atmosphere that I envy anyone who has jumped into this not knowing anything about the franchise that can get the true experience.The only suggestion I would have to the developers is ""after putting so much time into re creating the set I would have stayed true to Giger's original design for the Alien. No movie or game has made the Alien look better than the original."""
,Recommended,214490,12393823,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,-DI- Killer ♥⛧,you can kick flipflops around
76561198034468741,Recommended,214490,12394351,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,★✪Sc00P✪★,"2 hours in, and no alien... But i've pooped my pants 100x already."
76561198027375418,Recommended,214490,12394516,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,styledjosh,God damn I love this game!
,Recommended,214490,12393520,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Necrodios,Just entered Sevastopol Station and I haven't seen the Alien yet.Something in the distance creaked and I immediately hid under a table and began to pee. Not gonna deny that.
76561198069383973,Recommended,214490,12398388,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Xeno_Gordon,♥♥♥♥♥bricks 10/10
,Recommended,214490,15070572,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,steak,Bring spare pants
,Recommended,214490,35098441,Posted: 20 September,all,Mr.Clocktower,-Couldn't play it before on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc.-refunded it-a year later.-got a new computer-manage to let friend let me play on my new computer-can run it good-offically reached a new level of beyond scared-had to delete his game on my computer.-now i regret ever refunding it.
76561198168739666,Recommended,214490,22544441,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,NaviTot,"perfect!I really love this game.  a lot of details taken from the movie, pretty good music, makes me feel terrified in the specific moment. exceeds my expectations.very good!!!"
76561197987047936,Recommended,214490,16871585,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,The Squid,"Alien: Isolation has its flaws, such as a generic plot and some unnecessary elements. But the atmosphere is a dead ringer for the movie that inspired it, and the alien is a genuinely threatening monster. At times I got annoyed or felt safe, but Isolation often manages to turn those moments around with clever pacing and surprises. There are some incredibly intense sequences that rival the best games I've played, especially that real jaw-dropper. And it's replayable since the alien's AI changes its movement and patterns so that you'll never be able to predict everything. Excellent survival horror game and very worthy of the Alien title - it should be at the top of your list if you're a fan of the movie or the sci-fi horror atmosphere.Full review (including DLC) here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2015/07/alien-isolation.html"
76561198007312425,Recommended,214490,23380113,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,athornton78,"I believe I invented quite a few new swear phrases while playing this game and running in terror from the xenomorph such as ""oh f''' s''' crap hopper"" and ""mothering c'''♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag s''' twizzle""...says it all really"
76561197992153921,Not Recommended,214490,20616282,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Perogy Boy,i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants ! >:0*thumbs down*
76561198032819570,Recommended,214490,13235376,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,BENIS :D :D :D,Awesome. Turned out to be what I was hoping for. Suspensful/atmospheric
76561198040648935,Not Recommended,214490,26717255,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Destroyer,"The game started out great. However when the alien arrived all that seemed to be happening was dieing and then reload. i did one part at least 30 times until i decided to change the difficulty. now i am even playing it on easy. not because the game is hard but becasue the game design is stupid. the alien waits for you at the beginning at every level which is so annoying. also the game has many glitches, many time i get far and then the screen is stuck and i cannot exit. then i have to reload last checkpioint hence losing all what i just did"
,Recommended,214490,31930623,Posted: 24 May,all,xd,I got PTSD
,Recommended,214490,23775246,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dewie! [wi],"One of the best horror video games out there.The art direction is superb, sticking to the movie source material to a T.The alien has one of the most intelligent AI's I've ever encountered, and fleeing from it has produced some extremely tense, memorable moments.The game along with all the DLC is $15 during the summer sale. That is a CRAZY GOOD DEAL. Heck, even at full retail DON'T PASS THIS ONE UP!!"
,Recommended,214490,20313509,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Poly,Best horror game ever! Don't play at night in the dark or you'll♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants!
,Recommended,214490,18504267,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Lord Etanur,Alien game we waited since Alien movie.
76561198043761472,Recommended,214490,18703986,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kelps,the androids are like my high school teachers and the alien was my school bully. The bully harrassed me too many times. all my friends died 10/10
76561197980241343,Recommended,214490,18900914,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
,Recommended,214490,18858557,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,bercap,♥♥♥♥ me
76561198031037718,Recommended,214490,23749516,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Scumdog Millionaire,Reminds me of playing hide and go seek when I was a kid and the alien looks even greasier than my friend who would always find me
76561197995196273,Recommended,214490,24806067,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,j.lmcmaster,"Is this game scary, yes.Is this game tense, yes.Is this game terrifying, yes if you play it with the lights off and you are alone.The down side to this game is that it is so repetative. You do the same things over and over again.If you put that aside then it is a game that keeps you on the edge of your seat needing a change of underwear."
76561198052363103,Recommended,214490,24876156,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Knightmon X,"Great game, very pretty graphics. I so want to kill that alien!"
76561198019817168,Recommended,214490,24889743,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,JOSHUAWESOME,"Omg so good, one of a kind and amazing experience!"
,Recommended,214490,24650016,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,FLintxor,"i have yet to meet the son of a b***H and i'm already changing my pants. The sound design is ridiculously out of this world and the game looks beautiful as well. I know I have 1.8 hours put on record but I bought this game five months ago and I was so hesistant to playing the game due to the high praises on how it's one of the scariest game in the survival horror genre. I'm not a big fan of survival horrors (because i'm a huge P**s ball) but since I survived Dead Space 2 on zealot difficulty while constantly pooping on myself and waking my neighbors with my screams, I thought why not. I highly recommend this game for those who want to get a scare especially when you play past midnight with all of the lights turned off while the volume is all the way up.15/10 Would do laundry again after playing this game."
76561197971049654,Recommended,214490,24724295,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Khyron,"I would recommend this game to anyone who likes stealth games and horror/creepy survival games as it is a nice mix of stealth and combat.  I would especially recommend this game to fans of the first and second Alien & Aliens movies.Fans of those crafting survival games will find a similar crafting system in this game.  Fans of stealth and diversion tactics will find this game enjoyable as the options for hiding and diversion are broad enough, though players shouldn't expect anything like a 'light meter' to assess visibility, instead relying on line of sight and how much noise you are making (which can be good for diversions).Whilst the advertising primarily promotes the player running around and hiding from the alien the game itself provides a nice mix of additional opponenets, both humans and androids, as well as alternative options in tactics when dealing with them."
76561198304184874,Recommended,214490,24771104,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,FOXTROT291,"Overall a very solid game.Atmosphere was amazing, the sounds and music really make this game. Some parts of the game are dark and very creepy while others are quite beautiful. Length of game was also quite good, (Around 10 hours for me) which is always nice to see these days.One thing i found though is that the Alien is very unforgiving and a little OP on the higher difficulties. I started on hard thinking it was a stealth game and as long as i played properly it would go smooth. I was wrong. Even on normal mode i would be moving slowly through a dark area, see a blip on my radar, immedetly jump in a vent and wait only to have the alien run right over to me and yank me out over and over. On easy mode i found the alien was still a threat but i was able to progress at a resonable pace while still posing a fair challenge. Only downside is it makes some of the human AI dumb but whatever. Also read up on the controls because there was a few very helpfull things i didnt learn till quite a bit in.Like i said though, great game. Definatly fit right into the Alien franchise and makes up for Colonial Marines. Manages to mix things up just enough so you dont get to tired of crawling from A to B."
76561197999236299,Recommended,214490,24780706,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ssanden,"Probably the best Alien game ever. Unbelievably scary, spent most of my time hidden inside closets :)."
,Recommended,214490,24817160,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Scrotie McBoogerballs,Alien: Isolation is absolutely fantastic - one of the best game I've ever played.  I pray more Alien games of this quality are released in the future.
76561197981159559,Recommended,214490,24820560,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,TheUndeniableOrange,This game is LOOONG which is good because it is a lot of fun.Best atmosphere and sense of wonder I can recall in a video game.  Very beautiful smoke and shadow effects which somehow aren't very straining on my low end computer.
76561198081429288,Recommended,214490,24823684,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,notjoey.numberz,spooky 9/10
76561197978988394,Recommended,214490,24824273,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BodyCount,Grest game pick it up :)
76561197963812974,Recommended,214490,24877455,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,aXeMaN,"Great game for those who love the original Alien film or survival games in general.The space station, ships and interfaces feel authentic in every respect.  Really hope they are planning a follow up."
76561197970662308,Recommended,214490,24778535,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DJ Phatricks,"Its good.Although I wish there was a game setting 'movie' so I could just watch it and when I hide behind the couch or throw the controller and run from the room screaming, it just keeps going,I suppose I could just watch it on Youtube. Yes."
76561197965377922,Recommended,214490,24831186,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,EmptySloth,Cupboard-simulator.9/10
,Recommended,214490,19351782,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,AJ Fernandez,"If you are a fan of horror games at all this is a must buy for you. Alien Isolation does a superb job of making you feel isolated and hunted. Evading the alien is both scary and challenging. Graphics are impeccable, the game is optimized very well for any system. The best is the lighting, its absolutely superb, especially in dark parts of the map where its critical to spot the Alien in low light. The gameplay flows great, crafting system is really ingenious and gave a purpose to look for things in the environment. Although later in the game the fear starts to give way a little bit.Although I still definetley♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants playing this game. 4/5"
76561198051994635,Recommended,214490,18852803,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Echo1nTheMirror,"what is there to say ! this game is awesome go buy it !okay i know thats not really a review but to be honest there isnt much to say ! its ALIEN ! the REAL alien fear experience.only issue with the game at leasr on PC (since this is a STEAM review ) is that the game is long 20 hours long, with a lot of backtracking ! however you could say the game is open world since you can go anywhere on the station at any time, given you have the right tools ! and that the alien will shadow you always where ever you go ! so if you are ready for amnesia style horror game with Alien, this game is for you ! specially now during halloween with sales this game is a win. so get it and dont miss it"
76561198194176385,Recommended,214490,18929103,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,OrbitalEnd48401,Amazing game in years to br honest i enjoyed the exsperiences i would 100% recommend this game
,Recommended,214490,18968376,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Viceroy,This kind of game scares the crap out of me.  So much so I have trouble playing them.  But this one is better than most.  The atmosphere and style is spot on.  The mechanics are solid.  The story is compelling.  The acting is on point.The only draw back is that the whole game seams kind of samey.  Once you figure out how to do all the possible acitons in the game you have more than half of the rest of the game to do all of thoes things at increasing difficulty.  Not the worst thing but it can get sort of dull.Over all lots of fun.
76561198233631384,Recommended,214490,19048689,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,4thFlan,An amazing game if you liked the first Alien movie. Fantastic optimization and beautiful graphics. Does not rely on jump scares although the game is still guaranteed to make your heart race. Give this game a shot even if you dislike horror games.
76561198071913335,Recommended,214490,19086138,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ulven Bjørn,"A little over 3 hours of playtime in my darkened bedroom at night and have not even seen a glimpse of the alien, and yet I'm already scared for my own sanity. Then the lights at the end of a big hall filled with baggage and rubble start flickering and not even a second before the lights go out, I catch a glimpse of a shadow quickly move across the space. That there combined with the perfect timing of more ambient sounds of the space station falling apart is what was the end point for me pretty much. I paused the game, turned on all my lights and left my room. I couldn't even come back to my computer for at least 5 to 10 minutes, and when I did, I exited and went to watch some funny cat videos. Oh and you know the best part? When I dared to check the area at the end of the hall where the lights went out, well the lights stayed out, and lucky for me that next time I play I'll be forced to go into that now pitch dark area. I'm just really really hoping that possibly getting closer to it will trigger the lights to come back on or something...When a game can have this much effect on you after playing for hours and not even seeing who you're up against, and then when you finally catch a quick glimpse of its shadow which then makes you pause the game and leave your computer for an amount of time only to come back and exit, well that there is what defines a true video game horror experience.If I could, I would recommend this game 100 times. If you plan to play it or have played(and meet the system requirements), then well... good luck! You'll need it.Update: After completing the base game, my thoughts on it still remain the same, if not better. With the current sale(Until Jan 4, 2016), even more than before I recommend it. Even if you haven't watched the Alien movies, you can still really enjoy this game as I myself haven't watched the movies."
,Recommended,214490,18944780,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,the_cheekiest_breeki,A fantastic (and terrifying) space-horror experience.Pros:-Atmosphere is palpable.-Attention to detail and the Alien art style is spot on.-Great Xenomorph AI.Cons:-Story of Ripley's daughter is slightly lacklustre. You will play for hours sometimes without the story interjecting.-I can only play for about 20 minutes at a time before I get too spooked.
,Recommended,214490,19093498,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Кот в сапогах,"This game looks, sounds, and controls amazingly. It's super authentic , feels like your truly inside Ridley Scott's world. Overall it took me around 20 ish hours to beat the game, after many deaths and the ever-so frustrating uncertain Alien movement. Alien, is actually my major flaw with the game- it's way too random. I think I could of finished the game way faster, if it wasnt for the Alien camping around my location for minutes on end. At one point I even installed a mod that traps the Alien inside a shaft, so he's somewhat removed from the game, which turns the game into and stealth FPS against androids and other civilians.Overall I think the game should be played and experienced by anyone, who is a big fan of Alien movies, frustrated by the previous games and the amazing and immersive atmosphere. 8/10"
76561198075100127,Recommended,214490,19118946,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Commonspot(DeagleMaster),Scared the sh*t out of me never playing this again 2hours are ok.IS THAT A TAIL t(-_-t) NOPE NOPE NOPE *presses esc quit game for ever.plz press yes* *presses yes*...
76561198227032076,Recommended,214490,19132520,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,URWRSTNTMR,"Pretty juicy awesome!Made my whole family jump..a few times. *Lets just say they had to leave, the room*IGN confirmed 9/10 gg 1v1"
,Recommended,214490,19140214,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,wolfish426,"This game captures the essence of horror in such a way that you’re scared the entire duration of the game to even look around the corner. You’re against the perfect organism and you’ve got not a single weapon to deal with it. All you can do it hide. The mood, the music, the sound effects, everything captures that in a really excellent manner and you never know when the alien is going to show up. Though, a lot of its visit points are scripted, it does show up a lot randomly, which makes the game feel even more fear-inducing. Setting aside the horror nature of the game, the unpredictability of the AI and mediocre at best story, the game does drag on for way too long. They could have cut out a lot of the missions as they’re just tedious and because you can’t run back and forth willy nilly, a task which should take five minutes ends up taking an hour because you have crouch move all the way or the alien will hear your footsteps and then you have to backtrack and then you have to backtrack some more. It got to the point, where I actually got frustrated at the helplessness and it wasn’t fun anymore.So, I would say first 8 or so hours of gameplay are ridiculously fun, and then the game takes a nose dive because it’s now just dragging on the story and you with it for no apparent reason.Though, I would still recommend to anyone a fan of the genre or the franchise. It's better than that Collonial marine♥♥♥♥♥♥that was released the prior year."
,Recommended,214490,19349195,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Viddie,"Never gonna listen to anyone again :(Buy the game they said,Have some fun they said,Nothing to lose they said,So I did and♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.Edit::It has been some months now and I still not got the balls to go back. Didnt help much with the wife sneeking up on me and saying boo!!! the last time I played.I might be a puddin but what does really makes me feel better is none of my works mates venture into this game much these days :)"
,Recommended,214490,18882322,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mortaliar,"Finished the game. In case you're having second guesses about buying the game- it's worth it. The amount of details transferred from the movie is more than amazing.This story sits very nice with the entire rest of the universe.I had only three issues with the game: item selection from the inventory, station computers navigation and ""quiet"" exiting a closet. Everything else is exactly as it should be."
,Recommended,214490,18896971,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BigBrain,"Its a damn good game, one of the best I've played!"
,Recommended,214490,18862678,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Plasmo,amazing work I hope to see Alien isolation 2.
,Recommended,214490,18871686,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,oHashbrownie,LOVED IT
,Recommended,214490,18898267,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tirido,This is the Alien game you are looking for!
76561198070869528,Recommended,214490,18903131,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Tipping Intesifies,"Probably one of the best and longest campaigns I have ever played. Took me a solid 23 hours  to finish, since I chose to play it on the hardest level to start and took my time to sneak (and also die a lot). Pretty sick game, I'll have to try out the DLC's some time later."
76561198081762461,Recommended,214490,18967976,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Organism-13,Made my butt clench.A lot.10/10
76561198032717469,Recommended,214490,18993609,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,DungBalls,"Oh boy, what a fantastic game… or… fear simulator!Alien is still my all-time favourite film and this game has come very close to placing me right inside that brilliantly atmospheric and terrifying environment.  There were a few times when I genuinely had to stop playing to avoid an adrenaline overdose.  Lights off, dimly lit keyboard, headphones, totally immersed… suddenly realising the Xenomorph can use the same vent you’re hiding in!I think I'll be playing this game quite a few times.  I just wish Amanda would find some WD-40 and/or learn to open/close locker doors without trying to alert everyone around her.Really looking forward to the next chapter… I really hope there will be one."
76561198082232593,Recommended,214490,31748629,Posted: 14 May,all,Costy,"Not really a horror game, but a good one"
,Recommended,214490,13494059,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Arnitikos,"""Alien Isolation"" had resscued the massacare of 2010s aliens : colonial marines"
76561197961403277,Recommended,214490,13501336,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Coldshade,If your into brown pants then buy this game.
76561197998992116,Recommended,214490,26862460,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hildegard von Schaltknüppel,Xenomorph needs a hug! That's all he wants.
76561198122064922,Recommended,214490,25991127,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,paynek,"Not perfrct but for what it is, it is incredible"
76561197972426892,Recommended,214490,24877130,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,the_game5050,"Have to admit.  It took me awhile to really get into playing this game.  The reason behind this is the Xenomorph literally caused almost too much tension for me to be able to enjoy.  You do learn to get used to it though.  Not to the point that it becomes boring, but to the point that it becomes manageable.  It is a bit long in the end as the tension does come to the point near the end of the game that it is almost a relief when the game comes to an end.  A few cheap deaths in the end as well.  Graphically it stands up well and excellent presentation.  The immersion factor is something to get used to.  The music, atomosphere and pacing are very intentional and very good.  Would easily recommend to anyone and is worth a play for sure.  Not the most replayable game though and I have yet to try survivor mode or the DLC.  Will update when I do.  Thus far 8.5/10."
,Recommended,214490,24832035,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Astronick,"Well, where to start? Here, big fan of ""Alien"" (1979) and Not ""Aliens""? Get this game. The nostalgia is real, without spoiling things you'll definitely recognize more than 5-10 scenes from this game. It pays good homage to ""Alien"" (1979) in multiple ways. The game is the single most terrifying game I've ever played in my entire life. This game is extremely stress inducing. So be wary of that. I've played through the entire game 3 times and I'd be tempted to do it again. I've owned it on 2 different systems and both times worked great. While it is a Console game, don’t play it on PS3 there was a lot of bugs most weren’t game breaking but were annoying none the less. So get the game on Steam, use a Steam Controller and grab some headphones. This is by far the best way to play this game. Still one of my Favorite games ever, so get the game while it’s on sale and have a good time. I'd HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone."
76561197978962141,Recommended,214490,15575599,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Wicked Retarded,excellent
76561198031487046,Recommended,214490,28819061,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Shupleek,This game really deserves the “Best Use Of A Farm Animal” award.
,Recommended,214490,15195443,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dan,"This game... People... This game... No...  The Alien knows far too much. I was once an accomplished student at Oxford university. I was at the top of my class in Psychology, I was the envy of the all the professors. But then this game ruined me. It tore me apart. I was no longer capable of living in society. I was detained by specialists and they deemed me unsafe to the public. I managed to escape and flee to the mountains, I decided to live in a cave for a few days, but then overtime my body began to turn against me, nature had tested me to my limits until I literally became Gollum. When nature destroyed my body, it went to work on my mind. I wasn't a functional being anymore.To give you a basic idea, trying to play this game, is like sticking your own♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a barbed wire filled tube. Why? Because once the Alien sees you, this is how it feels. You may as well sit down, spread your legs and kiss your♥♥♥♥♥goodbye.But on a serious note, this game will actually ♥♥♥♥ up your life. Not kidding, it will genuinly give you AIDS and Ebloa and then just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles it will also give you Hepatitis. If you are considering buying this game, then the Alien has already ♥♥♥♥ed you over.On a serious serious note. The game is good. Very good infact. The developers knew exactly what they were doing and I can praise them for that, they've definitely acheived what few others have. It's an experience that can thrill you but you need to have a few extra pairs of underwear on standby. There are areas where you will feel like you are in a safezone but let me aassure you. YOU'RE NOT! The Alien will make damn well sure that you are well and truly always in a position where you can be mauled, maimed and simply lunchmeat. I'm almost tempted to not recommend this game.Just a heads up... When you get to the Medical bay... You aint getting out...Godspeed."
76561197978907114,Recommended,214490,32325797,Posted: 10 June,all,JrSpaceMan,I think I need to change my undies.  Thumbs up.
76561198032530248,Recommended,214490,12439375,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kepano_808HI,"dude, thiks game rocks......i wasn't sure...but man i think they nailed it with this game...the lighting, the sounds.......i thought crysis 3 was all pretty, but this one is pretty and runs silky smooth"
,Recommended,214490,28219104,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,mrrr cat,"Its been a while since I started playing this game. Normally, I don't like sneaking simulators where you don't kill anything, but this game is too good not to play. You can shoot at things, but at the cost of attracting the Alien. The flamethrower is your best friend when it comes to the Alien."
76561198103630440,Recommended,214490,15106663,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,homosexual (gone xxxtra sexual),"the only things wrong with this game is how there is a story i am supposed to pay attention too. like who cares if an important character dies, i only care about if i die. i might lose that really cool item i picked up or that space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i found."
76561198012907649,Recommended,214490,15111907,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BaneRaven,"Well I decided to get Alien Isolation yesterday and it is really good, so good that I bought all of the DLC this morning, then I spoke to a good friend who has the game and he loves it too, so he says go play the 'Last Survivor' DLC so I did...ok...I didn't make it to the first checkpoint and my heart nearly came out of my mouth and I died... goosebumps are more like goosehills"
,Recommended,214490,15109998,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Nebs,"I really enjoyed this game.Pros: -Graphics are insanely convulated. Or in other words. Amazing.-Atmosphere is the best ever in this game.-Mechanics are fairly simple but yet very complex.-Gameplay is fun, and terrifying and yes it does drag... but come on... Games like these do that sort of thing.-AI of the alien is 10/10Cons:  -GLITCHES! Massive glitches with this game.-I only had 1 crash during my whole playthrough.Sidenote: On a gtx 960-Mostly just Severe glitches bugs/ AI going whoop doopy with the humans.Sidenotes: Beat the game on hard mode! YEA :D"
,Recommended,214490,15110456,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DavidAngel,amazing graphics experience
76561198130032346,Recommended,214490,15112383,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,MurlocHolmes,"Wont go into to much detail, everyone else has already said it best about why this game is superubly awesome.This game is the Alien we've always wished for, If you're a (big or small)fan of the original movies then you'll feel right at home back in the 80's, alone.. In the dark.. Scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ under a table.Being SEGA one is always sceptical, but I've always loved the original movies & I heard good things, so I took a chance.And in this case, I'm -really- glad I decided to pick it up.Good luck getting that hissing sound out of your head.9/10"
76561198021639920,Recommended,214490,15108899,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Angry Chum,The game we needed and the game we deserved
,Recommended,214490,30007091,Posted: 18 February,all,Kissa Ninja,"Peli periaatteessa fiilistelee sen ympäristöllä ja alien toimii kauhuna pelaajalle. Paitsi alienin AI muuttuu ärsyttävämmäksi mitö edemmäs pelaat.Peli on putki.Pelissä on pieniä puzzleja, joita 2-vuotiaskin pitäisi pystyä tekemään.Pelissä on aseita. Ne antavat tietyissä kohdissa vain yhden vaihtoehdon: paina mouse1 ja voita.Pelin minipelit ovat todella helppoja.Onneksi pelissä sentään ei ole niin paljon cut sceenejä.Periaatteessa ostat tämän pelin, koska ajattelit että ympäristö tulee olemaan hieno (tässä olit oikeassa), mutta kauhu muuttuu lopulta rasittavuudeksi."
,Recommended,214490,12394862,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Tha Dogg Father,i love this game
76561198361807303,Recommended,214490,34313510,Posted: 17 August,all,Mach 1 Padilla,Probly the best game i have played in a long while.
,Recommended,214490,34317413,Posted: 17 August,all,Ace!,This game has great graphics and amazing sound. A Great stealth game. Haven't played much of it but loved every minute of it.
,Recommended,214490,32519853,Posted: 17 June,all,TyEli,nihaga
76561198013396833,Recommended,214490,12393912,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Buster7,"Delivers on its promises. Not the Aliens movies some people have hoped for, but definitly THE 1979 alien movie game adaption fans will enjoy.If ever wanted to exeprience the movie first hand... Look no further.GOOD :+ Amazing AI+Oppressing environment+ Faitfull to the movie+ Great attention to detail+ Very scary+ The survivor mode and Crew missions are enjoyable+ Enjoyable story (But predictable if you are a fan of the movies)+ Its not Alien Colonial Marines :3BAD :- A bit too long, which break the pacing- The AI can be a bit unfair at times (Ex : Camping an exit or locker for 5 minutes)- The saving system (while adding an extra layer of stress, which is good) can be very frustrating at times as it forces you to start over.Not the perfect Alien game, but a VERY good one. Best Alien game since AvP2.8/10"
76561198038338189,Recommended,214490,12485830,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,McCrackenSkulls,Great overall experince. Every single detail of the game was put into consideration (graphics). It can be frustrating at times when I cannot find the objective or complete it. If you take the time you will. So far so good.9/10
,Recommended,214490,21850324,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Landon,DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS SCARY SUN
76561197979212651,Recommended,214490,21866932,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,kasplex,Sometimes there is a game that comes out and is truly ground breaking and brilliant.This is one of them.Beautifully made.  Respect to the people that made it.Not much else to add xcpt Fukn Gud Sht :)
76561197988129966,Recommended,214490,21867742,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Bosco,"hello, here is a quick look at the opening of the game. you can get a basic idea of the visuals, menu/options and mechanics etc. for my first look at this, I would recomend the it thus far. hope this helps.https://youtu.be/nCIu_vogDAs"
,Recommended,214490,12496260,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Dark_Rain,"Alien Isolation is a “true love story” the Alien loves to kill you. The team at Creative Assembly were given an impossible task to try and raise the “Alien Franchise” from the dead and I feel they did a fantastic job. I saw the reviews saying ""too long"" and ""too may endings"", I said it is the game that keeps giving. Creative Assembly made a great game and I can’t wait for the sequel."
76561198071240966,Recommended,214490,34349163,Posted: 19 August,all,Vas,Best Heart Attack simulator ever 10/10
76561198186812151,Recommended,214490,29639845,Posted: 1 February,all,clarkeveritas,"This game was always on my ""2nd tier"" list of games to buy.... there was always another game I wanted just a LITTLE bit more, and as a result I didn't get this game until fairly recently and then did not play it immediately.  After having finished a playthrough I can safely say that I regret not having played this game MUCH, MUCH earlier and that it is a truly unique gem of a game.  Very tense atmosphere in a way that only a first-person perspective can provide..... example- Dead Space.  Very tense game and highly freaky atmosphere.... but I just feel that if you took that same game and put it in first-person perspective that it would be much more intense and frightening.  But I digress.They absolutely NAILED the look and feel of the locations in Alien Isolation.  Very true to my recollections of the early Alien movies... granted it's been a while since I've seen any of them.... but the environments were just PERFECT.  Dripping with details- advertisements on the walls, the different random items lying around.... if you keep an eye for detail during your playthrough (which can admittedly be hard at times when you are running/hiding for your life) you will have more than a few chuckles and you will REALLY be drawn into the environment.  I can't state enough how the devs REALLY REALLY had an attention to small details and it really makes a huge difference in terms of believability and overall atmosphere.  While much of the game takes place on a backwater space station it manages to avoid feeling like a sterile, industrial-ish, generic type location.  It feels lived in and alive, in a way that Rapture, Colombia, The Zone in Stalker... it feels like an NPC, a character as important as any major companion/character in the game.Whereas the Dead Space games gave you a horror-filled environment and then slowly gave you a powerful-enough arsenal to start taking the fight to the bad guys, Alien Isolation DOES give you more and more tools- but fighting is less viable than running/hiding/sneaking in most circumstances.  There is no getting around the fact that you ARE the hunted, not the hunter, but as you get more and more tools at your disposal you don't necessarily feel COMPLETELY weak and powerless the entire time.... you just never get close to the Dead Space-style ""Kill everything that moves Rambo-style"".  There are many different people and things that you can find yourself in conflict with- don't think this is only a cat-and-mouse ""Hiding from the Alien"" game.  Many of your tools are better suited to being used intelligently in the right circumstances to avoid fights or trick opponents into coming into contact and fighting each other.The game is quite long.... 30-plus hours for my first playthrough (I'm on a second one so I don't have the exact time of my first playthrough anymore).  One note about difficulty- i usually advocate playing games on Super Duper Hard.... I personally find this more immersive and fun.  This game I'd advise playing on Normal to start with..... I won't get too specific as to why because it'd be giving away something about the game- but the difficulty changes the Alien's behavior and playing Normal the first time allows you to figure out and play with your tools enough to where you can reasonably get out of most stick situations.  On Hard it changes the alien's aggression and behavior in some ways that can get a little frustrating and on Impossible the alien is even more relentless AND you find VERY few resources with which to build your tools/items with which to distract/defeat/escape your enemies.  I was hitting a wall pretty bad on Hard- switched to Normal and had a WONDERFUL experience and it was certainly still very difficult.  With what I learned I'm now doing a Hard Mode run and having decent success.... I'm just saying that THIS is one game that there is no shame in playing on an easier difficulty and I'm not the only person that thinks this if you check out the Community Hub forums.  A mod called The Unpredictable Alien Mod changes some of the aspects of the Alien's behavior... you may wish to check it out and see if it doesn't sound interesting to you.  I'm using it in my current playthrough and have enjoyed the changes.In short- amazing game.  Very detailed, quite a long game.  Have not played the DLC yet but have heard good things about them.  Definately worth checking out but it can be a bit... tense.  It managed to keep me on edge for like 90% of the game which is pretty rare.  I'd compare the atmosphere a little bit to Dead Space.... but that's not QUITE right.... it's certainly it's own beast and if you don't mind horror-ish games I'd DEFINATELY pick it up.  One of the rare games that I think is worth the full, non-sale purchase price."
,Recommended,214490,18702918,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ganstacrizzab27,Dope game and well worth the$
,Recommended,214490,30231854,Posted: 27 February,all,AirDrifter,"This is one of the best horror games I have ever played, the best Aliens game or more like the perfect horror game for Aliens, everything about it feels right. I honestly can't think of anything bad to say about this game."
,Recommended,214490,20599535,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,zendiii.tumblr.com,"can't finish game, 4spooky10me"
,Recommended,214490,35044172,Posted: 18 September,all,=UWS= Iblis ☪,The amount of hours should say enough...
,Recommended,214490,34778271,Posted: 6 September,all,Rushhawk,noice
76561198359829594,Recommended,214490,34688220,Posted: 2 September,all,Fighter_The_Only,Amazing atmosferic game i love it !
,Recommended,214490,17421811,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Kryptos,"One of the best games of the year for me. For most of the game I was on the edge of my seat running and hiding. I literally would hold my breath in real life because it was so supenseful. I was doing this before I realized there is an actual hold your breath mechanic when you are hidng. I was a bit frustrated because sometimes is just seems unfair. But sometimes the alien movement was a bit predictable. Still though there were many times I felt safe, but then got nabbed because I was lazy. Because I liked the game so much, I have to criticize the ending though. Really?"
76561197983468005,Recommended,214490,23509832,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,GamerWolfOps,Alien: Isolation has a great atmospheric feel and it stays true to the legacy of the Alien 1979. The only game which has genuinely scared me at night. The tense moments in the game do make you feel as if you were in one of the movies and i just love the Alien movie series.This game is great. I will finish it.
,Recommended,214490,26743319,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ceiis,"I know I didn't play it much, I'm not really one for horror games (as a kid, I tried playing Resident Evil and was just too terrified to play it).BUT I have watched 3 playthroughs of it and absolutely love it.It captures the first Alien movie perfectly. So perfectly I'd say it's a homage to Alien in every way, shape, and form.I didn't play it much, but I bought it because of how good it is and how much respect it pays to the original material. (They even have the original actors of Alien voicing the characters they played!!)Oh, and if it turns out you do like it, please review it! Sega said it was disappointed with Alien:Isolation. Show them we weren't!"
,Recommended,214490,35120045,Posted: 21 September,all,Laguna,Do yourself a favor and get this game. Put it through to your biggest screen and use a controller. Turn off every single light and only play in the night. This game will freak you out and you will love every second of it. This game is completely fun and has so much mystery. The alien is amazing and well down. You will die in this game. The alien itself rarely even follows a set path and you can't hide forever. You HAVE to move. I'm really really hoping for a followup to this game.Total playing time is around 25+ hours if you take your time and enjoy it.
76561198093829295,Recommended,214490,32209848,Posted: 5 June,all,Chal'Mek the Grey,"!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!Now that is done, read on at your own risk.I originally bought this game on a whim, as I have had hit or miss experiences with horror genre games, but since I am a huge fan of the movies, I figured I would give it a shot.They captured the feel of the movies perfectly. The sounds, general look of the characters and the tech was all straight from the cinema. The graphics were excellent and the story was very well thought out and executed.My issue was with the end. It was probably the most anti-climactic end to a game that I have ever played. You die by floating off into the blackness of space? WTF? After the build of suspense and intensity the entire way through (despite some slow spots, but it is a sneak and peak type of game) Coming to the climactic explosion of the Sevestapol and your escape from it, just as the aliens surround you... it was great! Then you have to vent yourself into space?I enjoy movies where the bad guy wins (Empire Strikes Back is the best of the original 3, imho) but being the protagonist throughout the whole game and all of these characters dying around you, some of them sacrificing themselves so that you can succeed and escape...to do so and get cornered by an Alien on the Torrens and have to airlock yourself and the alien just struck me wrong."
,Recommended,214490,21865268,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Violent Diarrhea,I bought this game on sale on a whim without thinking that it would probally run terribly on my crap-tacular laptop. I was pleasantly surprised. 10/10 for the optimization alone.
76561198001070917,Recommended,214490,16463684,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,I am a Banana!,"Prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥for mass fecal matter evacuation and grab some scotchgard to spray your desk chair down as an added measure because Alien Isolation is going to making you giddy with bowel troubles.I must say that I love a good horror game dearly and I dont mean action games wearing the skin of a horror game( Resident Evil 5/6, Dead Space 2/3, or Silent Hill Downpour and Homecoming)Now it has been along time since a triple A, Big name game company made a proper survival horror that really put the fear into me and scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥right out. If we look at the history of video games based on any of the Alien movies we realize very quickly that the majority of them are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥with nearly no redeeming features and more importantly none are scary. Believe or not the one company who's had the most attemps in recent years at making an Alien game is SEGA,I really dont know how they still had the rights to work with the franchise after the awful Aliens: Colonial Marines game. Since all it seemed like they were doing was hiring people who grew up eating paint chips to design the games while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the master works of Ridley Scott and James Cameron. All that aside someone over at SEGA corporation must have stopped their decade long binge of heavy drinking and cocaine ingestion long enough to realize ""you know what, why do we keep handing off Alien to developers that code their games by beating thier hydrocephalic heads against the keyboard and instead lets hand it off to some competent people to make a new Alien game!""Enter a wonderful group of people known as The Creative Assembly best known for the Total War series of real time strategy which I am a fan of. When this first announced I was a bit perplexed by the idea that these guys would try to make a survival horror...well I sure am glad they did!Breaking out of the mold of pervious concepts for a game based on Alien, The Creative Assembly made the bold chioce to ditch the ""action pack"" designs that came along with the world of Alien's (thats the second movie) and decided to focus on the Ridley Scotts Sci-Fi horror masterpiece...Alien. The idea of being alone and helpless in a confined space with nowhere to run or hide except for an empty cupboard and at any moment something may just snatch the life out of you. This is the feeling and thoughts I get when I think of Alien and not a bunch of meat head marines shooting off thier pulse rifles in vain screaming ""game over man, game over!!""So now that we have gone back to genesis things have become more interesting. 15 years after the event on the Nostromo, Amanda Ripley has spent most of her life trying to find out what has happened to her mother. One day an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from Weyland-Yutani shows up and says the flight recorder from her mothers ship has been found and they would like her to head off to a decommissioned deep space station and pick it up. That may sound like a pretty weak starting point in the story for some people but I say ""♥♥♥♥ off and choke on a copy of Colonial Marines!"" that piece of crap was just one long bad story so shut up!Now then where was I....Ah yes so once we have made it to our deep space paradise we find ourselves in a very hostile  environment and the only thing you find to be remotely welcoming are scores of empty cupbroads for you to climb into, cowering in fear, thumb in mouth, praying to god that you dont sneeze at the wrong moment. If your lucky enough to pass the in-a-dark-closet-dont-sneezing test then you get to freely explore the ruins of Sevastopol Station by means of crawling along dark corridors on your belly picking up pieces of scrap so you can craft a noise maker out of a pair of busted speakers, duct tape and some copper wire...sounds like what I do in my personal time but anyways lets move on...Now thank god the game isn't just centered around the Alien itself or else things mite get a little stale, there are plenty more to worry about. The andriods on the Station seem to have turned on the people living on the station due to a quarantine protocol  issued by the computer core known as APOLLO and have begun bashing in the skulls of anything with skin and a pulse ( boy this sound familiar) and I personally think they are more of a hazard than the alien. You will also get to meet the last surviving inhabitants of space station  and  boy are they sure glad to see a new face. So glad they greet you using the traditional paranoid-guy-with-a-gun method of trying to put one between your eyes.God damn this place sure has alot of problems but all these factors add up to one hell of a true to life ""I don't want to be here!! make it stop mommy"" horror experience that I just can't get enough of, but be ready to commit alot of time to get through this game. Unlike other horror games where running is a very viable option Alien Isolation rarely gives you such opportunities and if you think for a moment that getting off your hands and knees and spriting towards the nearest exit is a good idea then I'll say your gonna end up prodded to death by a silver colored mini mouth 90% of the time.Take your time, lisent to  the lovely sounds of foot steps by the stalking death coming for you and above all try to enjoy yourself!Look I know I'm being silly here but honestly I LOVE THIS GAME!! the story,atmosphere,characters, game play mechanics are outstanding and most importantly the ALIEN. You can feel that it's alive and is living for the sole purpose of snuggeling up right to you and giving you the kiss of death.If I didn't write my review like I have I would fear spoiling any of the trousers staining fun you will have playing Alien Isolation. Honestly go into blind like I did, learn to adapt each time you die. This will just add to the horror and put you right in the middle of the universe created by Ridley Scott.Just remember to scotchgard that desk chair before you start or maybe move your PC into the bathroom..."
76561198056186683,Recommended,214490,16731679,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,Nothing puts you to sleep like Alien: Isolation.
76561198116928482,Recommended,214490,32966170,Posted: 28 June,all,Renan,"Hid under a table waiting for the xenomorph to go away, but it always came back and I was too scared to move.10/10 would rot under the table again."
,Recommended,214490,15468991,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Prospero666,"Fantastic game. Survival horror done right. Aliens franchise done right. Win, win.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,20438343,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,aphextron,The Alien game you've been waiting 20 years for. Two thumbs up.
,Recommended,214490,28673086,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,deathday,"Amazing video game. Looks beautiful in 4K and the lighting is fantastic. Really nails the feel of the original movie and has superb voice acting. The only problem is it's too long. You'll love 2/3rds of the game but it gets really old and it feels like the game is about to end 5 hours before it does.Also: do NOT play it on Hard difficulty like the game suggests. The xenomorph just magically knows where you're hiding on Hard and will slaughter you dozens of times until you're not scared anymore, you're just annoyed."
76561198236348704,Recommended,214490,20441647,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Crunch,Yo not worth $60 b/c of that ending.If you like spook games this one is great.Will have you on the edge of your seat.Although those DLC are sheeeeit becuase not sure what they come with or add to story.I would like play the 2end one if it is ever made.TL;DRGet the game on sale lots of spook and cool alien♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214490,21021071,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Barry the Chopper,Atmosphere 10/10. Accurate and loyal to the franchise through small details :)Can't go wrong for £7
76561198057396267,Recommended,214490,34798744,Posted: 7 September,all,social_code99,"One of my favorite purchases on steam . i read a lot of reviews before saying it's scaring , it's not scary , it's just intimidating at times , it's hell of a lot of fun and there is synthetics in the game too (cyborg robots) and it's fun to bash their brains in while they bleed milky white fluid , or you think it's dead and it ends up grabbing your leg and you have to bash its brain in again , and knowing there is an alien near you pretty much at all times .  I really love this game and recommend it even if it were full price . graphics , voice acting , effects . very very good ."
76561197997512804,Recommended,214490,30021940,Posted: 18 February,all,Lotthar,Masterpiece...
,Recommended,214490,14358193,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,freend,Got dressed.10/10
76561198098342233,Recommended,214490,35468116,Posted: 4 October,all,Graykat,SPOILER ALERT: everyone dies and ripley blows herself out into space
,Recommended,214490,34524087,Posted: 27 August,all,scarletite,"10/10, would risk a Xenomorph-induced heart attack again."
,Recommended,214490,35456063,Posted: 3 October,all,Ken88NL,"Get's the heart racing, in big contrast, and does it fast."
,Recommended,214490,34864276,Posted: 10 September,all,fletch49er,Soiled my armour several times playing through this. Top show!
,Recommended,214490,29758568,Posted: 7 February,all,Bladmanz,1 hour played. Hate it so much.You'll love it
,Recommended,214490,29772058,Posted: 7 February,all,DRGNprincess,HAHAH! Niiiiiice~
76561198091599512,Recommended,214490,29771922,Posted: 7 February,all,Vyyrakk,I like meatloaf.
76561198192618205,Recommended,214490,29773712,Posted: 7 February,all,EsGee,"Very good...  limited gun play, resource scarse... scary and intense."
76561198043893394,Recommended,214490,16710653,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Doctor K,"This game is awesome! Looks great, sounds great, a great extension to the Alien franchise. If you're a gamer, and a fan of the Alien/Prometheus Universe, this is a must own!"
76561198201802249,Recommended,214490,31980355,Posted: 26 May,all,VictorsaurusRex,"I'm just over halfway through the game, so I figure I'll write a review... Awesome game. And it will scare you if you play in the dark in the middle of the night. Story is pretty cool, and while it helps to watch Alien first, its not necessary (I haven't even seen it). The alien is way fun to hide from and he is one smart M-Fer. He doesn't know who you are, but he will find you, and he will kill you. The human opponents are ok. They are super jumpy and will shoot you on sight, even though they are not supposed to some of the time. So if you see a human, save yourself the worry and just blast him/her. The most annoying enemies are the androids. They are bug-F**k stupid, but super strong and resilient. Its very easy to escape from them, but if one gets a hold of you, you are done for. Level design is cool and the game looks gorgeous (Amanda is a pretty s3xy protagonist). That all being said, here is my list of cons:-There is no way to consistently fight or distract the alien. Its pretty much luck on escaping it.-On that note, the motion tracker doesn't always work, or says the alien is in a different spot than where it really is.-When your spider senses tingle and you know something is about to happen, look around to loot for items then save if you can. You wont get another chance because the alien litteraly knows where you are all the time.-Amanda (despite being hot and fit) moves as slow as a p**sy-hat college walrus waddling to her next feminist convention.-Item/object activation is super slow as well which is very annoying when you know you're about to die.-The keyboard and mouse controls are disgustingly obtuse. This game was very obviously designed for a controller (specifically, an XBox One controller).-The weapons suck unless you are fighting humans.-There are obvious ""bottle-neck"" areas where you know you should have better means to survive and evade, but the game doesn't provide. So some parts you will play over and over again, and it goes from fun to furstrating very fast.UPDATE: Ok had a chance to finish the game all the way through, apparently something a majority of the players don't do (for real, look it up). The only things I would add is that its very furstrating how this game gives you no guidance whatsoever, so you will have to take quite a few trips to YouTube to see walkthroughs. And the last mission, good god what a cluster F. Every movie trope calamity that can happen does happen, and then some. And it was disappointing to boot. Still though, if you can get this game on sale, I'd go for it.And remember, the Flare is love, the Flare is life."
76561198248878040,Recommended,214490,28196520,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,yo boi,"A work of art. For the first 20 or so hours it is a flawless and completely immerses you. The flamethrower kinda ruins the fear factor, because it makes you feel safe. But hey- it's a ♥♥♥♥ing good game.Ten/10 would experience again"
,Not Recommended,214490,35486008,Posted: 4 October,all,xetrov2001,"Fabulous looking game but in the end it is so cheap.  You'll get so tired of doing the same sequence over and over again, mostly because the alien drops right next to you or happens to notice where you are regardless of cover or anything.   Of the 20 some hours I've played probably 15 of that is just repeating something I just did over and over.  I really wanted to like this game but in the end I think I can sum up my experience in one word, meh."
76561198126661364,Recommended,214490,12390045,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Fat,Played this game for nearly an hour and it has been incrediable :) the horror in this game is seriously well done
76561198004816392,Not Recommended,214490,15573408,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Darth Derpy,"I only played about half of the game, so the other half I watched via walkthroughs. But I did find that using the flamethrower was the easiest method to simply ""win"" the game.The first ""intro"" I saw to this game had a part where someone from the game said ""the items you use can be used to distract the alien, but become less effective the more you use them."" Finding out that the flamethrower guarantees the alien doesn't kill you is quite saddening, since I had hoped the alien would find a way to counter you just running through the game. This is assuming you wait the alien out, as there are quite a few points where you can simply wait long enough and the alien simply leaves; so there's no need to use the flamethrower most of the time, which means more ammo for later.If you're looking for a fun horror game, there are times that it is 10/10 and times where it's 5/10 or worse. The only thing that is scary in the game is the alien, and it is only the threat about 50% of the time-which brings me to the second but most important qualm I have with this game:""Alien: Isolation"" is a name that makes you think you're alone against an alien, a wonderful setting for a horror game. When I learned there are other humans or androids on board I was considering how that could go. If there are a few, then it can greatly benefit the game. You're about to be shot by a human who's losing his mind or an android that somehow became faulty, but the alien kills them and saves you. But there's only a few seconds of respite, as the alien isn't going to focus on a dead body when it saw another living thing nearby as well. So learning that the alien is only somewhat present in the game and that humans account for a major protion of the troubles you have is quite disappointing.It makes it much worse when non-alien enemies don't pose any serious threat. Androids are so slow that a little prior planning can save you almost entirely from them ever getting near you. Humans are so fragile that a few revolver or shotgun shots will put them down for good. Yet this goes without mentioning that a single noisemaker or gunshot can call the alien, making it a powerful weapon for you. Factoring in that the alien eventually leaves and doesn't return without other noises, this becomes a one-shot-kill for all enemies in the game. Why have a gun fight when an invincible alien can kill everyone at the cost of one gun shot?Overall I'm disappointed I bought this game. The handling (gameplay) and implementation are poor, to say the least. Though the graphics and story are intruging."
,Not Recommended,214490,21558623,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"Did you ever dream of being a space mechanic with a roaming super angry boss that would nail you in place every time he sees you ?Hiding in a closet is the meaning of your life ?You miss your games of hide and seek when you were a innocent and naive 5 years old kid ?ThenAlien: Isolationis made for you.This game takes a few great scenes of the 1st Alien movie and makes you do them over and over again, till nauseous ad vitam æternam.Both the story and the story-telling are awfully common by today's standards.Overall, it's not a bad game, but damn you need to lower your expectancy and raise a lot your suspension of disbelief to enjoy it. It was way above what I could achieve, thus the negative vote.Pros :- Awesome alien movie atmosphere- Impressive alien- Scary and stressing, till...Cons :- ... till, it's not scary anymore, but just cumbersome : the repetitiveness of the hiding sequences, and the fact we die too often remove most of oppressive atmosphere ; at the end of the game, I just wanted to smack the alien's head and be over with- the alternation of safe and unsafe sequence makes the game predictable- gameplay is very slow ; running attracts the alien, so you almost can never run- the alien can't see, can't hear, can't smell you if you're 3 meters away, but...- ...but the alien will hear you fart (or run) from hundred of meters away- the space base looks gigantic (which is awesome!) but the alien will almost never let you alone ; he's always roaming near you, while you're far from being the last survivor here- despite the alien being super sensitive, other survivors won't care 1 second being noisy, or talking, or anything and will shoot you on sight, which will lead them to a stupid death- apparently, when there's 1 killing alien in a gigantic space station, the best way to deal with it is to make multiple separate groups of a few individuals who will shoot each others on sight- the game teaches you how to crouch or press a button, but not any basic of actually being stealth, so when the serious stuff starts, you have freaking no idea what to do and how to do it- It feels like the heroine is always on the edge of crying all the tears of her body, even when she's saying banal things like ""the door is close"" (and there's an incredible number of closed doors in the game!)- the story doesn't have any surprising nor thrilling turn (if you have seen the Alien movies, or any scifi or horror movies of the past 40 years)- the alien is a camper ; he can stay forever in the same zone for no apparent reason- impossible to kill the alien, to stick to the ambiance of the 1st alien movie, butwhen there's a lot of aliens at the end of the game (which makes no sense with what we experienced so far), it's still not possible to kill any of them"
76561197964945192,Not Recommended,214490,34516236,Posted: 26 August,all,4,"I just finished Alien: Isolation -- this game is not that good, and I am a bit surprised to read all the rave reviews.Visually the game sure looks polished, all vintagey sci-fi, is packed with a bunch of Alien references, but all in all feels very stiff, and is disorienting and repetitive. The horror is very predictable and feels cheap most of the time. Alien: Isolation has been out for a while, yet there is still a bunch of bugs present, which is frustrating and also kills the creepy atmosphere (that the game so desperately wants to achieve). The story is unimaginative, and feels forced and unneeded at times.Crawling slowly through most of the game and opening hundreds of doors by punching in different sequences on one's keyboard/controller is not good gaming, even if the Alien itsef is breathing down your neck."
,Not Recommended,214490,17153434,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vertx,"Ultimately there's a lot of talk about how well designed things like the save mechanism is. The stress it causes you as you have to operate a mechanism, potentially being stabbed in the back. Brilliant idea, right?Not really, when the stress is about replaying a portion of game instead of being about death. It'd be stressful if this was applied to things that made contextual sense, and provided security. Security that meant living, not the security of not having to replay a segment of game.Imagine having to run for an exit, knowing that the Alien would come if you did, not knowing whether you'd make it -and have it slam into the door behind you- or whether you'd be torn to pieces. That's a thrill. Imagine sneaking through that exit after luring the alien into another room. That's a thrill.What's in the game? You run, trapping the alien behind the door, some peace. Oh look, a terminal! Let's look a what it has to say, how interesting, the Nostromo you say? *Clunk* huh?♥♥♥♥♥♥ Quick, lets hide in the cabinet to my left after I get my head out of this console. Nope, head's still in the console. Oh wait I'm dead. Oh ♥♥♥♥ the checkpoint was 4 rooms back.Where's the security placed here? The security is a save point that isn't logically placed or spaced, or consistent with reality. Where's the agency in this situation? The player has none. The player is stuck in an illogical animation. Where's the agency in the first example? The player's own movement.The times this is utilised in Alien: Isolation are meaningless. You have agency to find the nearest hiding place and stay there until the Alien desides to♥♥♥♥♥♥off. That's is all. I don't even want to run for a door even if there was a chance of it working because there is no security when I get there. I can't even run for a save station, because there's no security there either. So really, I wouldn't even take the risk to even get to utilise the fantastic save mechanism. I'm just saddened by it.When you make it there some say there is a relief. I have none, because it's still rince and repeat.Some may like it, but without an option I'm sorely burned.Even simple ideas like charge-based saves would fix this problem. The same card slot experience but instead it just replenshes charges that I can use at my own expense. Oh look, agency! There are neat ways this could be implemented, and the same brilliant style can be replicated with it too.I don't mind replaying a section again to pass it. What I do mind is replaying a whole swathe of nonsense where I just explored dark rooms (space station lighting needs to step it up) picking up junk and reading things in consoles, or other various mind numbing actions AND a section where I got caught by a vent-teleporting AI falling beside me with no hiding places in sight.There are other problems, but this is the one that just made me alt-F4 the game into the dirt.Other than that, there are so many unmentioned good things too. Mainly theastoundingatmosphere and texture the game has."
76561197993500303,Not Recommended,214490,17146537,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Gorebane,"It was a fun game for the first few hours. Great graphics and sound, and they've created an immersive universe which feels just like the films.However, once the alien appears the gameplay gets very tedious very quickly. It only seems interested in you, it completely ignores all the NPCs wandering around. Coupled with the fact that if the alien is scripted to be in ""a mission"" it will just loiter around that area, suspiciously close to your character, seemingly teleporting around rather than moving along corridors/vents.After the first few times it magically locates and kills you (the first time is indeed chilling), it just becomes a save/load fest devoid of any suspense or tension because you just wonder when the last time you saved it was and hope it wasn't too long ago. Compounding that issue the checkpoint save system will often have you redoing large portions of the game.Another design problem worth mentioning is that when you encounter a hostile with a pistol and take them out, although their pistol drops and you can kick it about, you can't pick it up. You have to wait till the game allows you to obtain a pistol, which eventually is just sat on a desk.I think it would have been a much, much better game if the alien didn't actually appear until much later in the game and you just heard it banging around in the vents, or maybe came across it's victims from time to time. Seeing it so often, and being killed by it so often, made the game ultimately dull and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,214490,15245592,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,William Shakesman,"How do you review this? Technically, it's magnificent. This IS Alien 1. Down to every loving detail. The environments are absolutely beautiful and the game itself runs like a dream.You scramble through vents, under tables, into lockers, watching as the alien and other universe appropriate enemies search rooms for you. The tension of seeing the alien's long tail trail behind it as you cower under a table in an entirely unscripted game of cat and mouse is amazing. This game nails EVERYTHING. And the sound! Oh the sound. Shuffling through the vents, clomping footsteps that even with just two speakers you can place within 360 degrees of your location. You are being stalked and it sounds like it.But...But...It's just not any fun. If your movie/game ended after one or three of those dramatic cat and mouse games and your brutal instant deaths, hey, you had a good time. It was beautiful and brilliant and all those things.But it's not the end. You have to get back in there and do it right.And the space station you are on may as well be a series of linear hallways with one-off rooms to the side (Thematically completely appropriate but for a stealth game to have such claustrophobic levels...) so there is scarcely room for useful distractions or any sort of clever stealth games. Just waiting in the locker until it is safe to leave, leaving, and then maybe dying if the alien decided to double back. Tension gives way to tedium, skipping trial and error because there simply is no right answer to suss out. Certain segments have a pattern to learn but the alien's behaviors are hardly scripted at all. It is lethal and lightning quick and unpredictable and escape from it is more based on good luck than skill. Does it turn around and check your room again a third time in a row? Does it ever wander to a point where throwing a flare won't get you immediately killed before it even leaves your hand? Will it suddenly lose interest in the flare and zoom down the hall the exact moment you enter the no man's land. Which, again, is all perfectly thematic but not at all fun on the many repeat plays the game expects of you until you get it right. (And make no mistake, at least on hard, that flare won't keep the alien for long. The only scripting that is obviously apparent is the invisible tether between you and the alien. For something so clueless as to not see you under that table, it remains completely aware of the room you are in and the only exit from that room.) The game begins with all the charm in the world and loses it all incredibly quickly.Thematically, perfect. This is a hard as nails game you cannot get good at because there is almost no meaningful skill component. The alien is simply better at everything and that is good horror but a really lousy game. Even classic Resident Evil gave you far more control, far more nonlinearity, far more planning, far more stuff to do. Here, you just collect fiddly bits for a fiddly craft system and flip levers and backtrack.So if you want to experience an absolutely beautiful, masterfully crafted, and wonderfully thematic Alien experience, this is worth your dollar easily. But if you are expecting a fun game, you are sadly barking up the wrong tree."
,Not Recommended,214490,21800741,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Skeletal Companion Cavalry,"Walked around for about 3 hours, watched some lady scream at a door then leave. Walk over and pick up her gameboy, lady comes back with friends and shoot at me. i hide in a closet for thirty minutes because i hear them walking around yelling and i cant see them through the slits. one guy walk out alone. my perfect oppotrunity. i get out of the closet and bash him on the head. his friends hear and i hear them running toward me. quicky i look down and find the dead mans pistol just as his friends are entering the room, looks of horror and anger on their face. My stomach drops as i realize i am not outnumbered and am unable to pick up the revolver at my feet due to poor game mechanics. as they start raising their handguns at me, i can only watch as they blast me in the ♥♥♥♥ing face. 3/10 overall becuase it was fun before that."
,Not Recommended,214490,33458148,Posted: 11 July,all,mordaunt,"This is the only reason I bought this game and this is what sells really good these years: NOSTALGIA. I'm afraid this also is the only reason I can recommend playing Alien: Isolation, if you're feeling nostalgic over the first movie. Then get it on sale with a big nice discount. Otherwise move along.The graphics, the optimisation and the ""movie feel"" are really fine. That's it, nothing more to see here.The characters are bland, especially our protagonist Amanda Ripley. The story is meh, and develops really slow. There are way too much of these alien encounters slowing you down, and after all it just started to get on my nerves. Gimme some variety ffs, I'm fed up with crawling from room to room hiding from this abomination pushing buttons just to rinse and repeat in the other part of the station.With ""the amazing Alien AI"" on hard and nightmare difficulty the game turns into RNG/reloading simulator, because levels are poorly designed, with too little space to maneuver, and the only option for you to pass by the alien is reloading time after time getting your lucky chance, trying to slip by unnoticed and praying your tactics work this time. Stealth is pretty much your only option, because resources and ammo are too scarce, and the alien is indestructible and omnipresent, able to teleport from vent to vent in the blink of an eye. I'm unable to collect the data from terminals, I cannot do a thorough search for resources all because of the alien always on my♥♥♥♥♥ It must have some sort of connection with Amanda, because in the room full of people hunting you it will get YOU first."
76561197986416959,Not Recommended,214490,29999665,Posted: 17 February,all,MrH,"I can't recommend it as it's simply not very fun and by the end I just wanted it to be over so I could say I finished it. I actually finished it quicker than the average and still felt it dragged on. Overall the game is quite repetitive, once you've opened your 100th door using the hacking mini game you will be sick and tired of it. Plus there's just a lot of waiting around and a lot of loading screens (I have an SSD so they were fast, but there's still lots of them). I would also like to comment on the heavily compressed, 30fps pre-recorded cut scenes, they are just horrible and laggy, whereas the main gameplay was super smooth at 60fps without a single drop on max settings, this is a common problem with console ports and cut scenes unfortunately.The voice work, story and visuals were all good but the gameplay was just slow and boring and dragged on, plus there was one very length section that was frankly terrible, after Google'ng the area it's considered by most just an awful experience (not because it's hard, it's just long and dull), it was at this point I almost quit the game entirely.6/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,15247031,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Nanas,"Typical console portControls - designed for inferior game pads. On PC with keyboard and mouse feels slow and unresponsive.Character moves very slowly. You'd think she is paid by the hour and deliberately takes her time even when running. SPRINT ♥♥♥♥♥!Graphics are sanitised to look OK on inferior console GPUsSave points are useful on HDD-limited consoles, but on a PC with terabytes of free space they are just annoying.The game could have been fun if player was allowed to explore the station and survive or fight freely. Instead you are dragged by the nose over a very linear progression.Character prevented from exploring some areas of the game by the lamest obstacles imaginable, like an upturned table actually stops me from going to particular area. CLIMB OVER THE DAMN THING.10-year old deus ex game ♥♥♥♥♥ all over this. I wish did not spend my money on this dog of a ""game""."
76561197985110618,Not Recommended,214490,15136696,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Vetflux,"I played through the entire campaign with NVIDIA's 3D Vision. I felt like I was actually there the entire time immersed in the entire experience from start to finish. The sounds, atmosphere, and overall feel of the game are really good. Majority of this game is luck. I can be as quiet as I possibly can be and the Alien just comes out of the vent right next to me, I have zero time to react. By the time I right click to use my devices to scare it off, it has already got me. It was fun at first seing all the different ways the Alien could kill me depending on what position I was in and what I was doing, but after a while this game became extremely frustrating and could only advance to my next objective from stupid luck towards the end. This is a great game but it doesn't really matter how loud or stealthy you are. There are a couple glitches where I get stuck here and there and they got me, some scripted gameplay synematics where the Alien was supposed to be present but was invisible. I just laughed.Is this game worth it? Only on Steam Sale. You will pay a little more than a movie and get way more hours out of it. I got my worth out of it since it was basically a very interactive 3D movie experience for me. I felt the game didn't look all that great playing with 3D Vision off. It also has the classic fuzz quality the Alien/Aliens movies had the entire time but 3D Vision gets rid of it completely.If you know nothing about 3D Vision the glasses are battery powered and gives you a completely digital more realistic looking, immersive experience. You can set how much depth you want in your games. In practice, 3D Vision is actually 2x 720p because we get two images from different angles, which doubles the resolution. Just looks incredible. FPSs I recommend 15% or less depth. In this game you can have maybe 25% or so comfortably on your eyes.I played with a GTX 660 non-ti edition with i7-3820, 16GB RAM, Acer GD245HQ 23.6"" 3D Vision ready monitor, if you're interested what specs I used for 3D Vision. 1920x1080, Deep Color & V-Sync on, Level of detail: Ultra, Shadow Res 1024, Shadow mapping high. I always turn shadows down in most games. Shadows are usually what kill your FPS.OMG, the Alien was soo much scarier for me in 3D. When it put its tail through me, I felt like I could actually feel it. I had the most fun finding humans and making noise so the Alien would kill them for me, make it easier to sneak through some parts. So much fun to watch them shoot helplessly at the Alien and it just wipes them all out.It's a good game but I can't recommend it. I'm a huge Alien fan, and it is well worth playing as a fan. Just too much dumb luck frustration. I give it a 5/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,16395096,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Southern808,"I  don't recommend this game for one reason, and it's a very serious flaw IMHO.  Here is an example, I'm trying to get from point A to point B to retrieve an item to progress, the tension is high and the fear is strong so I'm moving as slowly as I can while keeping an eye on my radar.  My enemy is all around me running down hallways, climbing through the vents, and his direction can change at any second.  I spend the next hour making my way through the mission seeking cover under hospital beds and hiding in closets.  A lot of time hiding in closets....but finally, my goal is close and right before I reach my destination a loan refugee shoots me in the face.  Dead.  Now guess what?  I have to start completly over from my last save.  The last hour of my life?  Completly wasted.  And there lies the problem.  With a game this tense and it's focus on stealth and hiding, only being able to save at save stations is completly stupid.  As you can see I have 13.3 hours on record and I'm not even that far into the game.  I have tried and tried to look past this flaw but at this point I can't do it anymore.  Don't get me wrong, I actually REALLY like this game.  The fear and tension here is something that most games just can not pull off, but when you spend multiple hours sneaking around and hiding (trust me there is a LOT of hiding) it takes all the immersion out when you die and have to turn around and do it ALL OVER AGAIN.  Now if you don't mind replaying long and sometimes tedious sections to get to the end game then by all means go play this game, but if not don't bother.  If they would just offer an alternate method of saving complete with automatic checkpoints this would be one of the best games of it's kind.  As it stands now, it's just a extreme pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,214490,21935186,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jimmeh,"I've heard a lot of good things about this game, and had some high hopes that it would be a pretty good horror game. I'm sad to say I was a little disappointed. While Alien: Isolation delivers on being an excelent port, having a pretty great story, and a great atmosphere, it was overall a letdown, mainly because it failed at being scary.**Minor Spoilers**PROSI think it nailed the atmosphere. Everything feels like it's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥and you can't trust anyone or anything. The technology is very interesting, and stayed true to the film.The port is absolutely fantastic. By default it ran on ultra at 4k(!!!) with all the effects on, and rarely dropped below 60fps. I have a pretty powerful computer, but it's by no means top of the line.The story was great, and that and the atmosphere was really all that kept me going to completion.I have 13.9 hours in the game. About 12 of those were for the main story, which is great. It didn't feel arbitralily padded for time. The other 1.9 was for Crew Expendable and Last Survivor DLC, which were very short but decent enough.CONSThe game can be very frustrating at times, especially with the stealth, and especially in the first half of the game. This is the reason for my negative review, the game was just too frustrating. The humans are very OP. The can see you crouched across the room and shoot you, hear you while crouching (albeit somewhat closely), and definitely hear you walking or running. This is strange, considering the Alien is supposed to be the one to spot you the easiest. You can crouch behind Alien and he won't notice unless you get very close, and walk fairly close without it noticing. He can see you if you stand, but often won't see you if you're crouched like the humans do. The deciding factor is that you can kill humans, but only scare off Alien. Take note that I was playing on Hard, which is the recommended difficulty. At one point the stealth was frustrating enough where I set the difficult to Easy. This didn't change the difficulty of the stealth, it just seemed to make guns do less damage to me.This ties into the other reason why the other main con: the game just wasn't that scary. Frustration was a big cause of this. When you die towards the end of the level because of something spotting you, often unfairly, you just want to sprint though and ignore everything, If you're frustrated and annoyed, you're not worried about getting killed. This takes away all the fear of being hunted. I found myself many times just trying to find the shortest route possible where I wouldn't get caught, not hiding at all. And it usually worked. If I get caught, just hit escape and load the save. To be fair, I am a horror game veteran. The last horror game I played was SOMA. SOMA wasn't super scary, but I think it has Alien beat by quite a bit. To someone who isn't used to horror games or gets scared easily by horror games, you might have a different opinion.I will also give the game credit for not relying heavily on cheap jumpscares. There definitely are some, and a lot of them don't work, but most of the fear comes from the feeling of being hunted and isolation (hey, name drop!) It just didn't work as well as I would like.Working Joes were a weird NPC. If you dislike uncanny valley, mannequins, dolls, etc. then you might be afraid of them. They certainly are creepy. They just aren't threatening. You can easily outwalk them, unless you get cornered. Once you have guns and bombs, they're fairly easy to take down. Otherwise they're just annoying to deal with because they patrol important areas. You know that trope in games where you see a dead guy, but when you get close they're not actually dead and they attack you? Alien: Isolation uses that so many times with the Working Joes. Except in this game you can't do much to stop them when you know they're going to grab you. You can shoot them, but that's going alert everyone nearby. You can't melee them, no matter how hard you try. They use this cheap tactic so often that it stops being startling and starts being a nuisance.My last gripe is the save system. There are checkpoint you have to manually save at placed sporadically through the station. This is a huge pain point because during very lengthy stealth sections there will be few save points. You will be listening to the same dialogue many times, pulling the same levers, pressing the same buttons, hoping to just get to the next save point. If there were just a few more it wouldn't be as annoying.I got the game on sale for $15 including all DLC, and for that price I would say it's a worthwhile experience. At the current price of $49.99, $59.99 to get all the DLC, I would say give it a pass. Wait for it to be $15 or less."
76561198035298515,Not Recommended,214490,15524754,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,megajack11,"Game-breaking crashes with no fixes, and the only tech support forum mod has not logged in since december 2014. Like flushing money down the toilet."
76561197983442974,Recommended,214490,12390434,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,IMODTHINGS,"They hit it right on the head, this is the movie scary and creepy from nots what’s there.This is true fear."
76561197960494678,Recommended,214490,16082696,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,-|Nur|-,"After just a few maps into this game I was ready to declare it my new favorite first-person shooter even though I had barely even seen the game's antagonist. The alien itself is the most formidable and unrelenting foe you'll ever face in a video game. Scrubs have complained about the difficulty level but, having finished the game on hard, I found it just perfect. The game can be unforgiving but it's always fair; the alien never cheats. The space station Sevastopol makes for a perfect setting; everything in it looks like the Nostromo from the first film, a ""haunted house in space"". It's so cleverly crafted and has such a rich soundscape that you expect to see the alien behind every corner even when it's clearly nowhere near you. Isolation is an incredibly tense experience you won't forget anytime soon."
76561198169427923,Not Recommended,214490,18877945,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,tveisti,Windows version of Alien: Isolation works on my iMac just fine. Mac version does not even start. Sad level of coding.
,Not Recommended,214490,15164170,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,nivina,"I was crawling around with a hammer. I found revolver ammo. I found a bad guy who had a revolver. I killed said bad guy with my hammer. I did not recieve the bad guy's revolver as a reward for my heroic deed.This is about as bad as you can get with a survival horror game. Good to know that Sega is keeping the dream alive with, yet another, award winning game blatently date♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the Alien franchize name."
,Not Recommended,214490,18376908,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,₪ Comrade Ogilvy ₪,"Dull, uninspired, and atmospheric. Those are probably the most accurate adjectives to describe this game. The game itself looks great and certainly fits perfectly into the Alien universe with the core design of the game, but the gameplay is another story. Not once did i find the game spooky, and the only time a jump scare even got me was more than 3/4 through the game when i found out the hard way the Aliens can in fact use the vents. That was it, the rest of the game was a dull 15 hour stretch of hide and seek guided by completely pointless fetch quests. Hey go here to do this thing since we dont want to go. Oh no it doesnt work now back track and A) mash A to turn on the power, B) hold the triggers and move the sticks to... turn on the power, or C) hack the computers ( which is literally Atari era inspred mini games, and i think i'm being generous by comparing them to Atari or even games for that matter) to do something somewhere that usually lead to you turning on the power and backtracking anyway. This is literally the entire game, go do this, it doesnt work so go fix it then come back. Also, why did they include a flamethrower!?!?!? I can excuse every other weapon but not a ♥♥♥♥ing flamethrower. Once i got bored enough of the game i realized that I was Rambo. No Alien could oppose me without being met by a glorious wall of flame, thus freeing me to run to my precious generator.0/10 I'd rather stay in the dark."
,Not Recommended,214490,21008140,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pocket Scout,"""Best horror game of 2014!""""This game was the gem of 2014, shame it was drowned out by FNaF""""I love it! Its so spooky!""""The atmosphere is perfect!""What, are you all 7 years old?The game is nowhere spooky after encountering the alien for the first time. Sure, the AI is amazing, but the game gets more crappy later on, as it becomes nothing but ""Go here. Do this. Kill that. Come back here.""As much as I hate to say it, Alien should just remain on the big screen along with Terminator. You can't make Alien into a game, no matter how hard you try."
76561198120853084,Not Recommended,214490,21860225,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Breloopharos,"This game is very random when it comes to when the xenomorphs drop down from the ceiling, wether you try to run towards a door cause you died 3 times, or you carefully sneak through it only to have your face eating by the alien. This game also has moments where its complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, for example; a xenomorphs walks through a hallway no problem, i wait till it goes further, i walk through the hallway and a ♥♥♥♥in pipe blows up but since i was sprinting and the game doesnt have me fly back to let me know that pipes sticking out the wall can be explosive, i continually run towards to wall of fire resulting in an insta-kill. I dont know why this game is rated so high, but to me its not as good as people say. Maybe its cause i suck at horror games and i rarely play them but at least you have an idea of what perspective a non-horror gamer has if you read this far."
76561197966045477,Not Recommended,214490,17117563,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Adam,"The AI for the alien is so bad and the game is way too linear for me. I got stuck in the first mission, right at the beginning because I visited the guy in my undies"
,Not Recommended,214490,21559058,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Henry Loaf,"SUCH a tedious game to play.The environments are beautiful, but you don't get too much of a chance to experience them for long because the Alien is on your♥♥♥♥♥ALL THE TIME.The few instances in the story where the Alien isn't glued right to your♥♥♥♥♥are very refreshing, but those happen far and few in between.Think back on Resident Evil 3. Remember how you were being hunted by the Nemesis? And how scary it was whenever he'd show up? Well imagine if the Nemesis showed up in every room of the game, and you had to stop what you're doing two or three times per puzzle to hide from him or its instant game over. Sounds like a chore right? That's this game.The most fun I had was at the start of the game before it shows up. You feel an actual dread and fear because you don't know how this creature operates. That changes shortly after the first encounter. All mystery is removed because this thing constantly follows you around and you're forced to take advantage of the various quirks in the Alien's a.i. So you can complete the various puzzles.In short: The Alien makes gameplay an absolute chore and it's constant presence around the player removes all horror and mystery in regards to the creature itself.The synthetics are still terrifying, though."
76561198029574347,Not Recommended,214490,22685102,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,scribbydagreat,"Boring.  It's just go here, avoid the damn alien, get something, come back.  OVER AND OVER AGAIN.  Once you get through the first 3-4 main missions there really isn't anything new just rehash crap. Not to mention that you get real good at essentially standing just to the side of things so they don't notice you and wander off.  Hell I stood next the the alien for almost a minute and it never came after me.I suppose it would be ok for someone who doesn't mind constantly hiding in lockers and sneaking around, but damn that crap get so boring so fast.  Grab a big a** gun and shoot the damn thing already!!! Sheesh!  At least I bought it on the Steam sale and chock it up to reading all the hype.  It is a good looking game - I will give it that."
,Not Recommended,214490,16650050,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,bugsycline,"I loved the Movie Alien. I loved the second part Aliens...  SO when I saw this game on steam, I really couldn't wait to play it. However I decided to wait till they put a sale on it... Bam, Got this puppy for $13.... Now that I played it for a while, I gotta say I'm glad I didn't pay $50 for this game.What I liked: The soundtrack puts you right into the movie, The set designs while not quite as elaborate as the movie, are pretty close. Atmospherically the game rocks...  But that's about itWhat I didn't like : Within the first 10 minutes of game play I was referring to online walk throughs to ""see where I have to go next"" .... this is something I had to do quite a few times in the first couple of hours of ganme play. It's very cryptic and quite frankly BORING.... never did get to the part where I get to see the alien.... Got tired of watching walkthroughs..."
76561197976028805,Not Recommended,214490,18885159,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Frast,"Was not what I expected+ Graphics are beautiful and art design looks great and captures the look of the Alien movie very well.-Music is by default way too loud when you are trying to hear your enemy in a stealth game.The stealth system seems unfair, unbalanced, like the player is dropped into an FPS with no weapons.The manual save system leaves one wishing there were auto saves at key points to lose less progress.These things combined make for a very frustrating gameplay experience.I recommend playing Soma for a great horror/exploration game."
,Not Recommended,214490,20271969,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,random,"Stompy the Alien.You're in a locker and the bugger won't let you out to loot. Stomp... Stomp... Go away space lizard!I can't recommend because, the game mechanics are clunky and console ridden.Great score and movie like visuals, but the game play kind of sucks.Only on a really deep sale."
,Recommended,214490,15096812,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mutant1988,Do you enjoy the movie Alien?Do you enjoy stealth based gameplay?Then you will enjoy this game.
76561198053101130,Not Recommended,214490,30155721,Posted: 24 February,all,scrappy coco 0,"I just finished the game on top difficulty but even though the hardest challenge was to keep playing the game until the end. The first half of the game is quite interesting but after that it becomes so repetitive that gets boring, you no longer feel fear, it's always the same procedure, go a, then b, find keycard, use keycard, it's a fetch game. Go get this, bring that, so repetitive. Even the scenarios are always the same. I ended the game with a ton of ammo that I never got to use. And the ending... not gonna spoil but it was one of the very worst endings in video games. Feels rushed. I'm sorry but I cannot recommend this."
76561197988509871,Not Recommended,214490,16003344,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,poomanchu,"...so tired of the Alien magically finding where I'm hiding...so tired of taking 10 minutes to get nowhere just to get killed by an alien that can't make up it's mind on where it's going. (I don't run anywhere!)After about 5 hours of playtime, I just wasn't having any fun and the thought of reloading again after the 40th time made me want to break things."
76561198068821897,Not Recommended,214490,16756567,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,G_Tugg,"For the price I paid... cannot recommend.Beautiful and Immersive graphics, especially on my 2K monitor, but that is all.Running / Hiding / Sneaking is fun, initially, however becomes choresome quite early (dat Med Lab).Lots of backtracking.Stopped playing when the Alien took 6 Pistol Rounds to the face without even a flinch animation."
76561197981682505,Not Recommended,214490,17298865,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,"The best part of this game was deleting it off my computer once I finished it. Sheesh. There were a couple of times where I didn't want to even play it anymore, but I had to complete it or I'd hate myself. Used Hard difficulty setting but no idea how much that mattered. Many times throughout the game it felt like the Aliens were invincible and knew exactly where you were. Too much like a scripted moving where I was just along for the ride and my decisions meant nothing. The art was amazing, the sound was good too if a bit loud. But the constand search for the next Save Game station along with the meaningless quests made this game far less than it could have been. 4/10"
76561198010112719,Not Recommended,214490,16638959,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mr. Eff,"I downvote this game not because it's BAD; but because there are some severe problems that take this game from enjoyable to horribly frustrating over the course of its needlessly long run time. It's decently creepy, but suffers from a lack of narrative focus, bland environment, and it runs out of steam about 2/3 of the way through, the last 1/3 coming off as heavy padding.GAMEPLAY: standard FPS control scheme. You wander around the ship seeking various objectives, with the alien, android, or other humans serving as obstacles. Ripley has very low health, and the alien will insta kill if you're caught in its grasp. In other games this might be an issue, but here it works, given that the focus is avoiding enemies via stealth. Noise attracts enemies, so you will primarily be sneaking around and hiding. To aid with your task, you have a motion sensor, which is pretty fun and intuitive to use. It doesn't tell you exactly where the enemy is in relation to the map, only if it's in the direction you're facing, how close, and if it's above/below you (based on the size of the dot and its location on the screen).Your other big item is your tuner, used to bypass security systems. It's reminiscent of Bioshock's hacking system, but is much less interesting; it essentially amounts to ""match the pictures with a timer"", which is not only easy, but jars a bit, as it seems like a pretty weak security system, unbefitting of a futuristic spacecraft. There are other such puzzles, including ""match the numbers"" and ""press E stop the moving icon within a specified area"", to the same effect.Furthermore, there's a crafting system to create weapons and distraction tools (like molotov cocktails and noisemakers). These can be upgraded with blueprints, but I only found a few of the tools useful; furthermore, the crafting feels a little half-baked, as you will find many more components than you'll need. There isn't really a sense of urgency in inventory management as there is in other horror titles, something this game could have used a bit more of.Other items include blow torches (for opening metal panels), a maintenance jack (for operating machinery and opening doors), and a flashlight.Perhaps the biggest issue with the gameplay - or lack thereof - are the non-interactive moments. Almost every action has a short, non-interactive section. Press E to watch Ripley type something into a computer. Press E to watch Ripley open a door, etc. It comes across as an attempt at being cinematic, but ends up being frustrating due to just how often control is taken away. In one instance, I ran into a room past a stunned enemy to retrieve an item. As Ripley stood and admired it for a few seconds, said enemy came up from behind and started attacking her, while I had no recourse, waiting for my control to resume. Now, lack of control in horror is an important thing; but this is completely the wrong way to go about it. It's tedious at best, outright bad design in some instances.VISUALS: The game looks great. Character models are especially good; they're well-detailed with bags under their eyes, visible pores, etc. The rest is equally good; early in the game, I actually recoiled at a fireball that spews from a broken fuel pipe.Unfortunately, the great visuals are let down by the setting. I'm not sure why the ship has to consist of 85% bland metal corridors with piping and wiring along the ceiling, but it doesn't make for exciting atmosphere - especially when the environments are so dark. Darkness is good in horror games; but with the limited light we have, we should have something to look at besides graffiti and trash on the floor. When I think of this game, I recall a samey, grey-green colour scheme that makes all of the areas blend together.AUDIO: Excellent as well - the highlight of this game. The voice acting is great, with Ripley in particular having an excellent performance. Her voice trembles as she whispers in the presence of the alien, and screams in breathless rage after having been nearly killed. The supporting cast and audio files are similarly well acted, as are the enemies. The alien's screech upon seeing Ripley quickly becomes something to fear, as with the calm, English-accented admonishments of the androids. Music isn't overly relied upon, but nothing overly noteworthy when it appears. Aside from being a nice aesthetic touch, the audio is quite an important aspect of the game - you will quickly learn to hear the beeping of the motion sensor to identify the presence of enemies, and the direction of the thumps in the vents that the alien is climbing in.HORROR: Running and hiding from the alien and the andrioids is very tense and creepy, given that you are virtually defenceless...for the first portion of the game. It can sometimes give way to tediousness, but for the most part, planning your route around the enemies is quite engrossing. Unfortunately, the player isn't given much respite from the enemies, almost always evading either the alien or the androids. This game could have greatly benefited from the odd chapter with few to no enemies, perhaps with human enemies as an obstacle (as they aren't encountered much), or some more challenging puzzles. Give the player time to miss the primary fear factors - let them become accustomed to running unmolested, collecting items, feeling in control of things - before ripping the rug out from under them.The horror is especially reduced around the 1/2 to 2/3 mark, where the player is given a flamethrower. On the one hand, it feels like they've earned it - but on the other, it makes scaring off the alien far too easy. And once the fear factor of the alien is reduced, the rest of the game quickly becomes tedious.STORY/PACING: The story is present, but let down by the game's biggest problem: the pacing. The player is introduced to Ripley's character and motivations for exploring the ship, and then sent off to perform miscelanous tasks. Go to talk to  this person. But the elevator's out! Find another way around. But the power's out! Turn it back on. And once you get there, all you get is another upgrade to use in a bland, sparesely decorated area you've already visited. When the few important plot points occur, it feels like they're added to further pad the game. Similar titles get by with little story - Amnesia: The Dark Descent comes to mind - but that game is much shorter. This game has 18 chapters; by chapter 12, I was ready to wrap it up. But the game continues on, having you visit the same areas, performing the same tasks, stalked by the same creature. At one point, a character sacrificed themselves to aid Ripley, but the drama fell completely flat because I had no memory of who this character was. There is little reminder of what's keeping the character going, aside from ""escape the ship"". More immersive games have a central, driving goal the the player is reminded of. Silent Hill, for example, reminds the player in various ways that the end goal is to find Harry's daughter in the midst of other secondary objectives. This game has Ripley running errands on a spaceship, from which we can assume she'll escape eventually.Would I recommend this game? It's hard to say. On the one hand, I enjoyed the tension, pacing and scares of the first half of the game. On the other, it wears out its welcome, becoming tedious towards the end, and doesn't do much to innovate. I would recommend a game like Amnesia: The Dark Descent or Outlast before Alien: Isolation. Perhaps if those haven't satisfied your itch, give this one a try."
,Not Recommended,214490,16858972,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Z3R0 G GAMING skinhub.com,this game is not good for PC i downloaded it adnd i cannot get past the first loading screen
76561198110027903,Not Recommended,214490,17165754,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,robot.evil,"This game will just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. It gets to a point it's no longer scary, just fustrating beyond belief. And with the limited save points, sometimes getting killed by the Alien loses hours of work.Would not recommend unless your into repetive tasks and hide-and-seek for hours in a limited space."
,Not Recommended,214490,16475558,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,SLAUGHTERHOUSE XXVI,I've always liked anything Aliens. Game gives you a great feel of fear. I found myself being  so frustrated though at the sheer difficulty though. That I gave up on it. I waited for it to go on sale and glad that I did. because I would of ben more frustrated if I paid full price for a game I will probably never play again.
76561198017952686,Not Recommended,214490,19923614,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Konrad Friedrich,"In a nutshell: unfairI can't recommend this game.The slightest impatience will be punished at once.It is too unfair.It is unsporting.It starts pretty good and sets a good feeling.The stage set resembles the first movie perfectly.But:It seems that the main purpose of this game is to sit in lockersand force your character to stop breathing.The other part is to try to open doors. To pass this challange you need to open other doors for which you probably need to find key cards. Or 'master' silly little mini-games.But then it gets nasty:You get killed and killed over and over again - and because of this silly 'safe point' system you may need to repeat the same boring steps on and on. It happens that you need to replay up to 5 minutes (!) again and again - just to get killed and repeat your attempt.Trial and error to find a solution. Again and again.You only can try to sneak through because you got no chance to succeed especially against these androids - because you just can hit them once with your tool wrench. Or maybe you want to try to fill them up with lead. Well: Six rounds - no effect. And then they beat the crap out of your game character Ripley.The Alien itself... well: it's indestructible.You can't escape, you can't fight it. Running: superfluous.The only thing you can do... guess what: Sitting in a locker.Which won't work to good later in the game because the Alien apparently comes up with the same idea.But, hey! What about the story?What about the purpose of Ripleys pressence at Sevastopol Space Station?The story melts down to a few scenes.It's artificially lenghtend to about 18-20 hours of repetitive gameplay.Finding doors, finding keycards, sitting in lockers - get killed over and over again.And all that for dying anyway at the end of the game.I know that it is a stealth game. That's ecause I purchased it.But it's really disappointingly unfair.The story is covered beneath your quest in 'finding doors, to find doors to find a keycard to open the first door - and get killed very often while you proceed.Ok. I should have tried the easy mode first (I think I picked 'normal').But it's too hard in normal or hard mode.As I pointed out it is too much trial and errror.I can't see the fun in this kind of gameplay.It has so much potential.There is no need to lenghten the game artificially.But it fails with this kind of harassing attitude.It breaks it's own well set mood.That's very sad.In the end I felt that this game is not scary - it is rather ultimatley boring.The only positve thing about it is the setting of it's mood, the sound and the visual impact.I bought it when it was on sale - and I deeply regret that I spend the money."
76561197972785819,Not Recommended,214490,22211953,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Zombaggins,"I was enjoying the atmosphere, sneaking around an abandoned space station when I happened across some hostile humans. After painstakingly stalking and killing one with a hammer, I found myself unable to pick up the revolver she was carrying so handily. As I stood over her body, wondering how I was able to collect revolver bullets but not the actual gun, her associate took the opportunity to walk up and blow my head off. This of course demanded an immediate ragequit brought about by slamming a fist thereby shattering my $60 gaming keyboard."
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,214490,23281256,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,SleepThieff,"Alien: Isolation is the story of Baby Ripley going in search of the presumed dead Mama Ripley.While Alien: Isolation has some good things going for it, the gameplay itself drags it down and ultimately makes for a highly repetitive and frustrating experience. Alien: Isolation is NOT a shooter. It is a survival horror which plays heavily on stealth elements. Yes there are guns - but they are not a focal point.The Good:- The ambiance is simply fantastic. Everything from the lighting (swirling fans and fog effects) to the clanging of unknown noises in the vents. You feel like you are being hunted. It's awesome.The Bad- Simply put the gameplay itself is rather frustrating. In most scenarios your goal is to sneak past enemies without them detecting you. You have ways to execute this by using tactics such as hiding under tables, in closets, behind furniture, and finding alternative routes such as hidden vents. This becomes frustrating because some enemies (ahem, Alien) have close to zero patterns of movement. They seem to move as they please. When the Alien kills you twenty times due to its erratic pathing the game is no longer fun and just becomes obnoxiously tedious.- The game feels dragged out - far beyond what is necessary. You finish one mission simply to find you now must do something else; the game just keeps putting barriers in your way. This is fine to some degree but at a certain point it no longer feels natural - it simply feels like the designers wanted to make the game longer by forcing you to complete irrelevent things over and over. If I wanted some chores to do I would call my mom.Overall, Alien: Isolation's environment is beautiful. Unfortunately, the gameplay is not. It is boring, reptitive, and drags on and on with no clear direction or rhyme and reason.Alien: Isolation takes about 15 hours to complete.5/10"
76561197960588091,Not Recommended,214490,18124021,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BarnysRevenge,"Slow, not at all scary and generally crap"
76561197976326660,Not Recommended,214490,15863353,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Doppelganger,One of the more annoying games I've played in a while. Constantly having to elude the alien gets old pretty quickly.
,Recommended,214490,16775196,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Xerious Xenia,"Alien Isolation. Let’s just say it's what happens when Freddy Krueger smokes pot and meets an alien from outerspace. They then smoke pot together and decide to make a game. Then, after the pot smoking has ended, they infiltrate Sega studios and brainwash the developers with a sexy extraterestrial lapdance. This is how this game came to existance."
76561197968398206,Recommended,214490,20128327,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Locust Star,Yep.
,Not Recommended,214490,16943082,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Takihara,"Way too long, finnicky AI repition spoil what should have been the best Alien game. By the halfway mark the Alien is simply another obstacle, and by the end it's little more than an annoyance.6/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,34751352,Posted: 5 September,all,BugDad,"At some point the game just becomes too frustrating. I never finished it.Yes. It looks great.Yes. It has great atmosphere.No. I don't have oodles of spare time and patience to deal with the way you made this game. Add a ""casual"" mode. For a parent's sake."
76561198010553452,Not Recommended,214490,35005911,Posted: 16 September,all,IX MoNsTaR XI,"The only reason this game is so highly rated is because only fans of the Alien series seem to enjoy it.  If you are a fan of survival horror, it is not good. This is quite possibly one of the most overrated games of all time.  It drags on and on and on.  There's a reason the meme ""Vent Simulator 2014"" was the catchphrase for this title.  The stealth system is really bad, especially compared to small indie games like Outlast or SOMA.  I've been spotted many, many times where it would be impossible to be spotted, think behind objects, behind walls etc, even while crouching.  This makes the primary stealth mechanic as simple as literally waiting in a locker for minutes and minutes until you have an opportunity because you can't trust the ""open area"" stealth at all. The random death by Alien is really fun.  Literally at no fault of your own, you'll just die or get aggro.  This is likely due to the tremendously terrible AI malfunctioning in some way.Storyline is contrived and is the same recycled ""we need a story, let's use this crap filler that everyone uses.""  You spend about half as much time hiding and waiting as actually playing (and I don't mean moving cautiously or slowly I mean literally not doing anything, hands off keyboard/controller).  The save system is rather stupid, as events in the game sometimes save and sometimes they won't, but your position will always reset to the last save station or the few autosaves this game has.  This can leave you literally screwed in certain situations and you must go to a previous save to circumvent this.  And anyone who says ""They tried for the old-style surival horror save system.""  Key word, old, not good.  If you are trying to get ""gameplay"" out of your save system you are making video games all wrong.  Saving should never be a burden, which is why new save systems have been developed and used for decades at this point.  Older is not always, and usually isn't, better.Graphics are generally good, but are, once again, overrated by everyone who has a toaster.  I run with a GTX 1070 and before that I had SLI 780s, so I have experience in many games that push the limits of modern graphical hardware and software.  I can only assume that, once again, people who rate the graphics great don't play enough games with great graphics to qualify their opinions.I do find the lighting and particle effects to be great, however.  Fire looks among the best I've seen in any game.  But there are bad textures and terrible anti-aliasing, there are jaggies everywhere, it's disgusting.  Nothing breaks immersion like seeing jagged edges everywhere to remind you you're playing a video game.The game stops being fun after the first few hours and without any good story to motivate you to continue or new mechanics to introduce, you'll find yourself asking why you don't just play a better stealth survival game than this, and there are dozens of such games.  Alien: Isolation seemed to have gone for quantity over quality.  Also, the only way people can honestly say ""This is the scariest game I've ever played,"" is if they don't usually play scary games.  This is by far not even close to the scariest game out there.  I was scared more by Cry of Fear and Amnesia: The Dark Descent.  If you play horror games frequently, this will definitely not even break top 10.  Creepy, sure, they did a good job with the atmosphere.  But to the point of being scary, I strongly disagree.There are several bugs in the game, I couldn't even make it through the first 20 minutes without running into two of them (locked door on the Torrens and the briefing never triggering.)  And the game crashes, too frequently, this coupled with the save station mechanism can really ♥♥♥♥ you.IGN gave this a 59 and Gamespot gave it a 60.  That may be a little too harsh but I'd give this a 7/10.  Either way, there is going to be no sequel because of bad sales (thank God.)  I do not recommend this game because it is overpriced and underqualified.  Just go play Outlast or SOMA, better developers, cheaper, better games, and you're supporting Indie studios.  Both games also have much better storylines.  I should have listened to my friends (4 have it, none cared play more than 4.2 hours) but I let Steam reviews and imbeciles make my decision (last time I will make that mistake.But, in the spirit of all the wonderfully autistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that have invaded the once-respectable world of Steam reviews and PC gaming:[  ] I had fun 10/10 best game ever[x] Bad game 0/10"
01000100011100100,Not Recommended,214490,22657155,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nomad,"I want to love this game. As a massive Alien fan, i'm biased towards anything bearing the name.The graphics are amazing, the atmosphere, perfect, the story is adequate and they nailed the Alien universe like no other game probably ever will. Everything works but the Alien.The sounds and the tension and the tracking all work so well to immerse you fully into a horror setting better than any game since Silent hill and Resident Evil of old.Then the Alien shows up and it stays within 30 feet of you at all times.It finally wanders off and you make your break, turns around and you're dead.Hide in a locker, it stands in front of it, walks away, comes back and you're dead.Throw a noise-maker, make a run for it and end up in another room and it's behind you, you're dead.You reload, you die.You reload, you die.You reload, you die.You reload, you die.You reload, you die.You reload, you die.Finally you make it to another area, you climb into locker and you see it walk past you, it doesn't see you, it exits the room and proceeds to circle that area non-stop just as before.. make one mistake and it's all the way way back to the previous save point. This game is perfection with a single fatal flaw that destroys your ability to enjoy the game. In Dark Souls you could have always done something better, with Alien you could have hid a while longer before you died."
,Not Recommended,214490,22075976,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Guntario,Way too hard. Not enough save points. I don't want to replay 30 minutes because I can't find a save point.
76561198009163720,Recommended,214490,18729726,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AngryAlbinoCroc,It is so scary I haven't played it yet.  XD
76561198016066917,Not Recommended,214490,34959342,Posted: 14 September,all,Immasteri,alien scraed me bad :((
76561198037298472,Recommended,214490,12391022,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,BUBO BUBO,Good. Stylish. Repleable. Challenging. Very good.Карчое хорошо сделали. Как в кино попал.
,Recommended,214490,15072282,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,MadCat,♥♥♥♥ing Bug!!!!
,Not Recommended,214490,20292860,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Onyrus,"If this game were cut into half the time it takes to play, with less backtracking and fetchquests, I would whole-heartedly give it my recommendation. With everything in mind though, I cannot.Pros:-Excellent attention to detail concerning the lore and source material.-Environments and sounds are all evocative of the film Alien.-Enemies inspire dread up to a point (I go over this discrepancy in the cons section)-Graphical quality as well as sound design is top notch.Cons:- the game is too long. You start to see the seams where they fill it in with levels that are unnecessary and pretty much redundant in nature i.e. fetchquests, backtracking etc.- the enemies stop being fearsome obstacles to freedom and start being annoying nuisances on your path to calculated savefile-aided victory (about a third of the way through the game). At least from what I found on Hard mode, the enemies are more like computers rather than sentient beings. They follow clearly-constructed paths, with very little deviation or variety in tactics.- the game mechanics themselves sometimes detract from the experience, such as when they simply don't work i.e. when you have to time holding your breath in lockers."
,Not Recommended,214490,19950360,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,coolRONz,"I really love the graphics and atmosphere, but the game pace is soooo slow and boring. Lots to explore on the space station, but so dragged out... Not to say its a bad game, just not what I expected. I realize its a survival horror, but so is Doom isn't it? I'll most likely never finish this game, I do like how there are others on the space station, some are with you, some are against you. I'm like many, I'm neutral on my recommendation than anything. Just be warned, you just run around scared and confused most of the time. I'll track a few more hours and maybe change my opinion, but only time will really tell."
,Recommended,214490,24074796,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SatoriKomeiji™,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198047854273,Not Recommended,214490,17117895,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,grryan.wilson,Thought I was getting Dead Space...got a movie where I press E to win.
76561198009952893,Not Recommended,214490,17118883,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Easymode,"i hate games with out save game option ,  way to long between save points .  i cant save when i want to stop playing , or if i  die have to repeat long play time, also the port for pc is awfull,"
76561198051635751,Not Recommended,214490,17135074,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,hyper.gamer,"First of all, it was MY foul not to pay attention to the tags for this game, if you are lookig for an action-stealth game this is NOT for you, this is a HIDING game, thus for me it was completely boring, because you have to hide, hide, hide and hide for looooong times."
76561198110045490,Not Recommended,214490,17130803,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TRUMP2020,"The game was really fun, but I never really got to experience the true effect. Every time the alien first appears with free AI right after you pick up the revolver the game crashed for me. Tried loading earlier saves and still the same deal. Kind of makes me upset because i enjoyed the game but cannot play it due to its crashing."
76561198077964780,Not Recommended,214490,21650081,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,dnick724,"I buy games to have fun not to sneak around an environment I've never seen before and have to deal with enemies that overmatch me by 10 levels or more and all at the beggining of the game. It's frustrating and unpleasant, I wish I hadn't purchased it but what can you do. The graphics are fine and no doubt some people like this sort of thing. I'll thow this on to the back of the closet."
,Recommended,214490,12463862,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Invalid Search Result,"An Alien game that was meant to happen ever since the first movie came out.Made by huge fanboys (the good kind) of the Alien franchise, who've managed to capture atmosphere of the movie perfectly, down to that retro view of the future Ridley Scott had.Doesn't exactly live up to it's name, because there is always something willing to tear your♥♥♥♥♥apart and you don't even get to see Alien in action up until 2-3 hours in-game. But if you manage to endure those 3 hours, you'll get 15 or so more, full of tenshion and angry hissing.10/10 Alien game.8/10 Stealth game."
76561197999953245,Not Recommended,214490,29283916,Posted: 15 January,all,Electric Starshine,"Simply put, do not waste your time. The game looks great, and it has a great atmosphere, but the controls and the stealth are so utterly broken that its nearly unplayable. The human AI is so poor that they will stare right at you as if you don't exist, while the alien will somehow teleport across entire levels in a split second to instagib you. There is no way to battle the alien, to stun it, or to cause it to at least retreat temporarily from you. Laughably, bullets just bounce right off it, and 90% of the time you can't even hide from it. it is maddening.The game has a great skeleton, and it could have been amazing if it weren't so frustrating."
,Recommended,214490,24863160,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Ralph Shepard,You will spend most of the game in closets.
,Not Recommended,214490,18917768,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Coconuthead,I lost over 20 hours and 15 levels  of progress because of an auto save issue. I was unable to replay because of crashing issues.
76561197979476872,Not Recommended,214490,15166212,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,TheManicDepressiveShammy,"I can't really review this on account of the 2 game-crippling bugs encountered in the first 2 missions. Both require the game to be restarted from scratch (ie, the very, first, mission).Fool me once, shame on me. Fool me twice, shame on you."
76561198003552768,Not Recommended,214490,15843687,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,mteradon902,"While I couldn't play it on my own pc, I did enjoy it on a friends'.I loved this game, I can't lie about that, but the issues with the menu running about 1 frame per minute really made it unplayable on my computer.So, all in all, I can't recommend this unless you have some sort of super computer...EDITWhelp, I couldn't leave things as they were and tried countless things trying to make this game work only to discover that it seems that it simply will not play on my computer, no matter what I try or what I do, it just will not happen. My computer meets the requirements, but it simply will not work. So unless you have some sort of super computer, DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,214490,17510125,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,darrylsloan,"I love the ""Alien"" movie. I love the atmosphere in this game, because it captures the movie perfectly. But what I don't like is the gameplay. I quickly grew bored and frustrated.  Bored because all I'm doing is using various tools to progress through locked doors. Frustrating because the gameplay seems to involve getting killed over and over until you find a safe route through an arena. When you've played a real stealth game like ""The Last of Us"", and you compare its gameplay to ""Alien: Isolation"", you quickly realise that the latter is simplistic in the extreme. Thankfully I bought this on sale. If I'd paid full price, I would have been extremely annoyed. Overhyped."
,Not Recommended,214490,18169551,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,STRYCS,"Just purchased 09/2015 Very Poor. Clunky interface.   Weapons floating in mid-air.  I see numerous post over a year old asking for a patch to address these issues, but still no patch.  I have seen a lot of youtube videos showing weapons floating, so I know it's not just my system.  This game sucks due to lack of support to fix  bugs.  I will not buy another product from these developers."
,Not Recommended,214490,15179366,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Traveller,I probably should have read the system requirements first.  Turns out my graphics card doesn't support DX11.This disrecommendation isn't anything against the game--just a heads-up to my friends to check their graphics card capabilities first!
76561198010411145,Not Recommended,214490,15405352,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,barakbbn,disappointing
76561197972369732,Not Recommended,214490,16215892,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,tanelorn,"Alien Isolation...oh boy...where do I begin.  First off, think of this as more of an interactive movie (and it's the 20 hour director's cut version of that movie) than a game.  You play a supporting role.  You will act in the scenes of this ""movie"" and will be forced to do many retakes of those scenes in which you don't play your role perfectly.  It's really hit or miss during each take as none of the other actors will play their roles exactly the same.  Yes, you will be doing a whole lot of trial and error.The ""game"" has a certain Dead Space vibe throughout in which you'll perform more tasks than you can count and stll feel like you aren't accomplishing anything.  You'll travel through many locales over and over, starting at point ""A"" and ending up and point ""B"" only to find out that you'll be heading back to point ""A"" again.The game looks great and is fun at times, but I think the frustration outweighs the fun more often than not and that's a shame.  They were really close with this one, but unfortunately fell short.  I'd give it a 4 out of 10."
76561198094506909,Not Recommended,214490,16437888,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,FabØss,The compatability is strict to directx11 so anyone who doesnt have a high end computer wont be able to properly play this game or even survive the 1 frame per second.
76561197969191931,Not Recommended,214490,16446932,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Doticus,This game looks nice but feels like a 90s game.    No jumping allowed.   excessive number of mini-achievements.   Can only follow 1 path through the room.  i.e. can't jump to a ledge  or up on a box.  Feels very confining after playing games like dishonored or even half-life.
76561197996853523,Not Recommended,214490,17265700,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,raulleonardo,"I really don't understand that the big deal is about this game.  You open door and hide, and thats pretty much the gameplay. To me its a 2 hour long intro, that keept being an intro, so i stopped playing cause i got so bored."
76561198070480746,Not Recommended,214490,18927750,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,JZN,Opened the first time on Mac and played great for a half hour. Now it crashes everytime I try to open it. Game is bugged on Mac. Wait for update.Update: Apparently the game breaks itself each time you quit. The fix is to first verify the integrity of the game cache each time you want to play. There needs to be a better solution.
76561197976982999,Not Recommended,214490,18935416,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Darth Tadeus,"Crashes all the time, could not start a single game and tried everything from different support sites, including the official."
76561198059843340,Not Recommended,214490,19075178,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,frippertronic81,"Great graphics, sounds and art direction can't save this game. We have repetitive gameplay, uninteresting objectives, flat characters, no story and a dissapointing ending.It could have been great, but it's bad."
,Not Recommended,214490,18825096,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BattleSausage,BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP
,Not Recommended,214490,19857531,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Nodlehs,"This game has great graphics, and that's all I can really say for it."
,Not Recommended,214490,19776354,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Moon Marooned,"This game had good atmosphere and felt like aliens but i just didn't have fun, there is a lot of backtracking and i get bored walking through the same enviornments, especially in a stealth game because it makes the whole thing so tedius."
76561197995590133,Not Recommended,214490,21824871,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Fr4ntic,( worlds biggest ) IF this game works perfectly for you then yes its a good game with loads of atmospere BUT it totally went buggy till unplayable for me .No its not that i didnt get the game but i just got stuck cuz certian events/mechanics i should have triggered just didnt appear.I actually replayed it from scratch and I noticed some scripted events didnt appear the second time and again i was stuck cuz its buggy as hell.Thank you steam for waving this at me with the nice price reduction DO NOT BE FOOLED DONT BUY THIS GAME.Google for ppl having problems with this game and thank me later with a Fr4ntic shrine.
76561197992171864,Recommended,214490,19399261,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Docsis,"Awesome game. I am not very far into the game yet, but I have jumped a few times:1)  when I hear sudden, unexpected loud noise... holy crap, Batman...2) I also jumped a bit when I stepped on a floor panel, and fell thru... somewhere.... down... into near darkness. It knocked my health to half.... yeah.. talking about in real life, AND in the game.This game is a STEAL at $12.49! I wouldn't have regretted my purchase even if it was at full price."
,Not Recommended,214490,34837764,Posted: 9 September,all,PopTartPony,"Super dissapointed by this game, heard such good things but its the most boring hide and seek simulator. Got 3 hours in and all I've done is walk though the level doing nothing, its not even scary"
,Recommended,214490,12416157,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Axe,"Alien Isolation - Bare Bones Review:Well, It's OK - and the best out there at present. There I said it.To jump straight in without any waffling - the first couple of hours get old,  real quick and gets better later on when something actually and finally happens.The first sight of the Alien is massively underwhelming sadly (as it could and should have been outstanding) and could haveevenat worst been enhanced by a well thought out cut-scene, but wasn't.The Alien should have been the star of the show as the glistening shiny slimey (KY Jellied up) roaringly spine-chillingly blood-drainingly tail-whippingly malevolent replication of the  Alien in the original film, but isn't and later sightings are no better.The Alien looks as if it was created secondary to the whole shooting match which I can't personaly forgive. I mean what do they think we wish to see when we buy into something that reaches us on a base level? Weneedanimal evil, and fear. This should start with the star of the show bursting on the scene chest beating its superiority dispelling any possible thought to the contrary! But no, that opportunity was gravely missed somewhere between buget, imagination and direction I suspect...The Alien needs to be exuding evil at every pore to instil fear and not try to falsely create it. This one strides around without a single menacing heaving snort or heat filled blood-curdling scream.Personaly I feel no fear whatsoever when it is around because after 30 trillion times getting killed and yet having (grindingly) learnt what is required of the mission it becomes one of those 'oh crap, not again ffs' things which can get tedious.Strangely Iamactually enjoying the game to a degree though which is confusing the hell out of me as it seems to move on just at the point I start turning purple through frustration or blue through monotony.I do like the crafting as it's easy to get to grips with and there's a satisfaction to be had when you have collected enough items to create something. The manner upon which this is enabled means there is some, but not too much, searching required and yet isn't too taxing to take away from the pace of the game.The graphics are 'great' but nothing more and the 'sets' are far too clean and shiney lacking depth of texture to be convincing of a working ship as it looks more like the set of Space Odyssey 2001 rather than the more realistic internals of a Red Dwarf set.I have some time to go in the game as you will see from my play time and I'm happy to get back to it which to me personaly is a sign I haven't had enough, yet.There's not a lot left for me to say as yet but to me Alien Isolation whilst clever and looks good is more about what it could and shoud have been, rather than what it is. The tools are there and yet the passion is still sadly lacking, no matter how it is marketed.The Devs who I should assume (to be fair) passionate fans themselves I suspect are longing to have their say, but sadly they can't probably because the bean counters give them limited room to manoeuvre. I'd love to hear their story.Room for improvement I think if anyone dare take it on... without the product having to go through 'due process'Seems the way these days but altogether it's good and the best out there at present.To sum up:One of the reasons I suspect Alien Isolation has the fans in absolute rapture is that 20th Century Fox (or whoever makes the decisions) sadly seems to who-re out their licence and assets to anyone who asks. I'm surprised BigFishGames hasn't handed in their tender - or perhaps they have and it is just awaiting a signature.This appearing to be the case it just seems to have been a matter of time before someone gets it right.In this case I think Creative have got something good here but although I hate to see this franchise ruined I would like to think there are still some companies lining up to have their go as this is not the be and end all.The game is good but maybe much of that is because we have been starved of something decent for so long we (sic) are just happy at last someone hasn't taken the franchise and violated and abused the opportunity.To me, this is one small step for man but it isn't one giant leap for mankind.There's more work required..."
,Recommended,214490,13248677,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Major Dick Bong,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn57LgM_0pw
,Recommended,214490,13608600,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dilly Dingus,Got onto the station.Instantly wanted to leave the station.♥♥♥♥ my moms probably dead anyway why put so much effort into some stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ that hasn't been there for 15 years?Sorry mom.>Bail out of station and never return.10/10
76561198130872726,Recommended,214490,23548214,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Obscene,Ripley: Open the door!
76561198043576276,Recommended,214490,15164464,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,GosuPat,
,Recommended,214490,12397797,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ded,"Pretty much well made game,So many part that makes you freak the hell out you might wanna try it."
,Recommended,214490,13595728,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Admiral-General N.N.,"+ Wow , this game is awesome . I love space and horror games so this is good for me and any other sci-fi fan.The Alien's AI is very advanced, you never know what it will do.- Somethimes the game crash when i load a checkpoint.I can't play it on my Laptop(The game crash when the Menu loads and i don't know why.)But it work on my 10years old pc."
76561197961308774,Recommended,214490,13527376,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,TinyTofu,This is one of 'my' best games this year. I love it to death. It was the scariest game I've played in years as well. As a literal hard core fan of alien (I bought colonial marines) - I love it. But I do see it being abit lengthy for those who aren't familiar with the Alien movies/games. But theres nothing negative here. I was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over my house playing this game. and now that it's out for cheap. get it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,214490,13382789,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Not_Good_At_Games,"chilling, great atmosphere and really tense"
,Recommended,214490,16272854,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Münchausen by Proxy,ayy lmao
,Recommended,214490,16961282,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,d0ct0rp1zz4,What a blatant Amnesia rip off
,Recommended,214490,24436817,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,Had to stop... I kept closing my eyes and dying.
,Recommended,214490,12618310,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Loktan,Totally recommend this game! Never have I ever played a game that makes me hold my breath IRL without noticing. Scary. Fun. Aliens. What more could you ask for?
76561198006701550,Recommended,214490,12602418,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Kribby D,"This game truly captures the feeling of the first Alien movie. Intense, scary, and fun (once you get over your initial fear of being stalked by the xenomorph). This really is the Alien game fans of the series have been waiting for! Highly recommended and kudos to the developer for giving this Alien franchise fan reason to be scared of the xenomorph all over again!"
,Recommended,214490,12628296,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Furi0sa,Best game of the year
,Recommended,214490,12602827,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,hronet,"One of the best looking games out there - outright breathtaking. Gameplay takes some patience, but with a bit of good will, there are moments of outright horror to be had here."
76561197996079997,Recommended,214490,28526296,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Troglobyte0,"After all of the positive reviews here it seemed totally pointless to just repeat what so many thousands of people have said about it. So instead I will tell a story. Once Upon A Time not too far from now, there was a happy little xenomorph that loved to eat humans. It found them quite delicious and savory. This happy little xenomorph pranced around on this beautiful space station looking for _INSERT YOUR NAME HERE_ to invite _INSERT YOUR NAME HERE_ to dinner. I doubt you will be able to decline the invitation.... The End. Please, no applause. I think I may have just won the Pulitzer Prize!"
,Recommended,214490,12603707,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,billyboy2five2,"I am a big Alien fan and was not too impressed with the other alien games, they were good, but totally lacked substance. This game went above and beyond what I was hoping for in an Alien game!"
76561198031710752,Recommended,214490,12602767,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Ronnan,"I have some Bug Complaints to say , The Map of the Reactor Core is bug  for me or Broken , and it happen 5 times straght now, every time i go to the level when i need purge the hive by overloading the reactor ends up Loading too long, ive counted to 7 minutes waiting the loading screen too load back to the game after you take the elevator.then the audio speech is gone, the Syntec are gone and the map wont show me whats my next objective.and after i pull all the levers it doesn't do anything for me to doI don't know if its me only or other players are having some bug problems on certain levels as well, but if you anyone knows how to fix the problem i would apreciate it."
,Recommended,214490,12602075,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Sanityisfortheweak,"So glad my memories of that turgid dysfunctional mess Colonial Marines have been overshadowed by Isolation. The tension, soundscape and environmental detail provided a truly foreboding atmosphere.The story, it actually had a coherent story that fitted perfectly between Alien and Aliens unlike Colonial Marines attempt to bridge events between Aliens and Alien 3 which made the latter a head ♥♥♥♥ to complete for all the wrong reasons. I liked the characters of Cpl. Dwayne Hicks and Rebecca Jordan from Aliens but both he and Newt were far better portrayed in the comic series Outbreak. Than either Alien 3 where they were killed off as you know, a waste but I guess it worked for the movie or Colonial Marines ham fisted attempt to tell us how Hicks managed to still be alive through its DLC.Back to Isolation, yes the story is a bit thin but it sets the scene by giving the character of Amanda Ripley a reason for being on Sevastopol. If you spend the time reading the log entries from the station inhabitants you'll work out why and most of the time how the station got to be in the state of disrepair it's in aswell as how the Xenomorph got there, you'll get the general idea from the missions and cutscenes but the logs help flesh everything out. Then, well then you skulk from place to place doing what needs to be done in order to escape from what is for all intents and purposes a beautifully detailed hell in space.In my opinion everything's present to create an enjoyable story as you have the reason to be on Sevastopol, the reason why you want to get the hell out of there and the reasons why most things that aren't working need to be fixed. Okay, you're lead on a bit of a merry chase by some of the NPC's but you'll understand why for the most part. Their tangible desperation gleaned through you're own encounters with the Alien lets you see how they've developed a ""by any means necessary"" complex so to speak, even the guy that directed me to the medical supplies who I'm pretty sure was only doing it to get some morphine or other substance to self medicate with.As for the fact that most of the other humans alive on Sevastopol are hostile towards the player character I can again understand why they've gone full blown ""Lord of the Flies"". They've splintered into groups due to being in an unfamiliar situation, sure they're in a familiar environment but the Alien has torn up the rule book over time and distrust is rife among the dwindling population. Societal bonds have been broken and authority means nothing when you may not see another day. It seems to be a human instinct that kicks in when those in charge can no longer provide the expected protection or quell sedition and fear makes decisions rather than thought. It's a human trait and more often than not it causes more problems in the long run, to paraphrase Robert Downey Jr from Tropic Thunder ""Never go full Lord of the Flies"".The Synthetics looking suitably inhuman with their rubber faces are brutal when they get a hold of you and you feel somewhat limited when it comes to using a weapon against them, melee is not an option as they will beat and choke you to death without the aid of a rolled up magazine. They can be easily outmanoeuvred if you take it slow and pay attention to their movement patterns but if they see you, then you have the options of running and hiding if possible or pull out a gun or gadget to dispatch them with which causes noise and can ultimately lead to an ovipositor to the face or tail spiked through the spine and stomach.When it comes to the Alien itself, the word intimidating comes to mind. This adversary makes you second guess every action you contemplate from ""which direction to take when more than one is available"" to ""should I incapacitate this enemy"" to ""it's dark so I'll use my flashlight"". It's an immensely terrifying hunter and will kill you as soon as it sees you. That's not all, it will investigate every door opening, klaxon sounding, machinery firing up, knocked over item and even the motion tracker noise if close enough aswell as any light source it notices. Not to mention it seems to play with you every so often by pretending to not notice you're there only to turn and kill you whilst sneaking out through a door or jumping into the vents and then appearing behind you.Yes the game does have some issues with the odd bug or possible oversight but none are infuriating. There's ""The Scary Door"" from Futurama fame which fractures the immersion a bit, the lip syncing is not good and the Aliens tail looks a bit limp like it's dragging around a dead snake attached to its♥♥♥♥♥♥alot of the time. I haven't really noticed bugs or oversights very much at all, maybe ""The Scary Door"" was an homage.This is as terrifying as the Alien has been since the original movie and the best game involving the Alien since Aliens versus Predator in 1999. Kudos to CA and SEGA."
,Recommended,214490,12625457,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,DwDxInfinite,"This game is a mixture of horror, survival, comedy moments (if you know how to make your own funny moments that is), and butt hurt. The save systems that are almost imposible to find, the scary suprise attacks of the alien, the aliens hilarious AI, and the yolo moments where you run fromn the working joes (androids). If I could say 6 words I would say ""This game is worth your money."""
76561198084622430,Recommended,214490,12623156,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Rathowyn,"As a lifetime fan of theAlienfranchise I was extremely eager to pick upAlien: Isolationas soon as I could preorder it.  Issues with the release dates aside (seriously, it wastwo days,people, it's not like your throats were cut) I have found this game, as both a gamer and as a fan, immensely satisfying.  The alien is terrifying in a way that few games can match,  I won't even mention the other games in the franchise; as a tribute to a film which changed the way people think about science fiction, and overall as an enjoyable game (for me, at least),Alien: Isolationblows them clear out of the water.If you enjoy games in which you rack up an astronomical body count, you'll hate this game.  If you're thrilled byThief-style games where you can execute deft kill-moves against unsuspecting foes, this ain't it.  If you enjoy games in which you play some unusually skilled, fated, magical, genetically engineered or highly combat-trained individual you'll find no joy here.  A pistol-shot to the head will kill a human, certainly, but ultimately the humans in this game are the least of your worries.Amanda Ripley, the protagonist of this game, is an engineer.  She's a techy.  In most games she'd be an NPC.  The creators of this game have taken an entirely normal person and put her in a situation of escalating awfulness - and it works brilliantly.  Distraction and avoidance are her strongest weapons; her will to survive, her persistence and her razor-sharp mind are her greatest assets.There were aspects of the game which rubbed me the wrong way at first.  The need to save almost every single chance you get is one of them; the game does have autosave checkpoints but for the most part they only occur in scene transitions.  The difficulty I initially had in controlling the bolt gun was another.  But in the end these are things to get used to, to adapt to, not things to denigrate.  Survival through adaptation is, after all, the primary theme of the game.  Unexpectedly long load times at one point in the game did irk me; nonetheless the enjoyment I got out of this game far, far outweighs the issues.The only actualcomplaintthat I had regarding the game was actually in regards to the two bonus content missions,Crew ExpendableandLast Survivor.  They were far too short.  I loved hearing some of my favourte actors again but I would have enjoyed far more in the way of sustained, ongoing missions.  Of course they had to work within the scope of the original movie, but still.  They're more like demos or teasers than really meaty add-on content (which, I concede, might actually be the point of them)."
,Recommended,214490,12628299,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,DrPeterVenkman,FINALLY! I'll leave it at that. Maybe someday they'll get it down with marines again. Sry.. but Colonial Marines was nostalgic but fell shy of the mark.. & SOO MUCH hipe. Thumbs up on this for.. True Alien saga fans
,Recommended,214490,12624473,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,[LK] Mjr H4V0k,"SPOILER ALERT>>>A really great, exciting and tense game which promises so much in terms of relationships, characters, resuces and all but yet delivers very, very few in the end. Everybody dies, including you in the end, which is the singly most frustratingly disappointing end to a game ive ever. ever had. To force you to spend 42 hours (thats what it took me) through narrow holes, amazingly reaslied spaceships, beautiful scenarios, scary corridors and awesome reactors, fighting androids, humans, and running from aliens,  to just end it with crawling pathetically backwards and ejecting into space was the BIGGEST F**KING let down of MY LIFE! Did you guys run out of time and just sticky tape that bit in or what?? What happenend to all the answers she was seeking? What happenend to the story you spent so long building?  Why the hell couldnt she get away after all that?  Why the hell did I struggle, hide, scavenge and sweat for all those hours just to float away in f**king space!??  You robbed me of the feeling of success, the pride of completing a hard won victory,  and turned it into a pathetic, weak, ""oh"",  instead.  Thanks guys, you really screwed up on that one, really screwed up. Biggest let down ever, yes I said it again, and Ill be saying it a lot, to everyone I meet for the next few weeks at least I imagine.  Im SO disppointed, so betrayed, just why?  WHY?Of course that being said the game itself is amazing.  THats why I just cant understand why they let it just flop like a flaccid, un aroused p*nis at the end.. just let it float away.. after SO much work, so much effort.  Gutted!!!"
,Recommended,214490,12582640,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Humbucker,"I have never experienced a game, movie, or book, with a more powerful effect on me. Never have I felt more inside of another world than this one. Never have I felt actual fear while playing a game. But at the same time, never have I been more compelled to push on.I'm afraid I have been ruined by this game. Alien: Isolation has literally made every other game I own, or have played, feel like kidstuff.  A true right of passage for any fan of the gaming landscape."
,Recommended,214490,12616594,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Nate1098,"Fantastic atmosphere, and fantasticly tense gameplay. 10/10"
76561198120737188,Recommended,214490,23474235,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Arkirrir,"I gotta say, this game is pretty epic! However I suggest watching the movies before playing this game, so that you understand the story more."
,Not Recommended,214490,22695622,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Kitten,"Game breaking bug encountered at beginning and cant even get past the first area. Im not about to redownload because of my 1 mb download. Took years to download in the first place, not about to go through that again."
,Recommended,214490,33089619,Posted: 1 July,all,Rehvilhams,Want To Be an Astronaut? Maybe this game will help !! TRY it !!GOTY!!
,Recommended,214490,32670485,Posted: 23 June,all,TURTLE KING,Wonderfully thrilling game
,Recommended,214490,31686639,Posted: 11 May,all,BigJigglyNutSack2,"3 hours and I finally get to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself...I saw gameplay back in 2014(Pewdiepie), so something I can expect, well, it's fragmented, meaning I don't know yet I do know, does it spoil it? No, puts me on edge...10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again"
76561198072026241,Recommended,214490,28744980,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cyral Drive,Yes
76561198129316627,Recommended,214490,17151426,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sassy Sammy,Alien F*** YA Isolation F*** YA
76561198039372128,Recommended,214490,17159442,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,MrSisterFister,NOT SURE IF XENOMORPH ?OR JUST MY HEARTBEAT ?10/10
,Recommended,214490,17165959,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[FNC][KT] Eugene Nick,"Didn't save, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a vent, lost progress. Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again.10/10 would get violated by Alien again."
,Recommended,214490,17165568,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Socky Wocky,"Great game, still haven't finished it yet. Stuck on the start menu."
,Recommended,214490,12454207,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Aquamarine[TH],"Absolutely horrifying. Alien: Isolation is a piece of art. Stunning immersive beautiful visual combines with convincing audio and ambient noises that occastionally makes you feel frustrated about the situation and, moreover, dynamic BGM which changes according to the situation during gameplay adding to intensity. If you enjoy the thrill and have no problem with terrible deaths and dark immoral elements that would occur in the story, a fan of Alien films or not, this is the most terrifying thrill you should experience.This is what I always imagine Colonial Marines should be in term of graphic and atmosphere, less aliens and more focus on horror, makes every encounter an unwilling struggle.Be warned, Alien: Isolation is not at all the game for any person with heart condition or allergic to Xenomorph. This game will really drain your life."
76561198061187428,Recommended,214490,13585646,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,COROTEEN,this game has guns 10/10
,Recommended,214490,17258299,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Heliodor,Terrible.
76561198091039927,Recommended,214490,17128461,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dadumi27032000,♥♥♥♥♥in my trousersover 9000/10
,Recommended,214490,24434793,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Bot Open Bob,M8 this game is gr8 i would r8 8/8 with no h8 on it m8
,Recommended,214490,16401639,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TehCrumpet,"I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself countless times. Ruined 6 pairs of pants before I finished this beast. Defintely buy this but I would invest in some pants as well so that bumps the price up to £40. But apart from that you should definetely buy this if you're a Aliens fan. First time I got the flame thrower I was like ""GET AWAY FROM HER YOU ♥♥♥♥♥"" 10/10 would buy more underwear again."
76561198067489908,Recommended,214490,16399203,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Boo,"Working Joe said ""Let me help you"" then proceeded to kill me.10/10"
76561197970285678,Recommended,214490,12391160,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Duke,Alien Isolation is the Game Alien fans waited a long timeIf you look for a Survival Horror Game that uses authentic Original Sounds and assets and even feature sigourney weaverthis game is made for youThis game is very well optimized and runs very good on most systems.Gearbox should look at this Game and learn how an Alien Game is done.
,Recommended,214490,16878654,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Crimsomrider,"I am someone who turns his back on the first sign of any horror game, but seeing how I watched Alien movie franchise when I was little and simply loved it, I couldn't say no to Alien:Isolation. I get scared easely and it haunts me for years, but Aliens are interesting to me and therefore I finished it 3 times now.Is the game scary ? Yep. But not in jumpscares, it has only 1 in the game. It is the atmosphere of the game that makes it scary. The visuals, the amazing sound which is spot on, the details and everything else. It is a genuine Alien Survival Simulator in which you can look at the details, read the station logs and be sure that it is a part of the Alien movie franchise. Alien Isolation is considered canon afterall and I can't argue with that. The story is fantastic and I'm glad it is a part of the Alien universe now.You're asking yourself probably, should I play the game if I am easely scared ? I can only answer with my own experience. I am easely scared and I avoid horrors completely for that reason. But Alien Isolation wasn't scary to me. Simply because I love Aliens and they're an interesting species. Everytime an Alien pops out of the celings, I can only admire the perfection they created. I really wanted to see how Ellen Ripley felt when she went toe-to-toe against an Alien and that is what this game offers. A personal relationship between you and the perfect organism.The game will mostly be tense. Tense because of amazing visuals and the sounds of the Alien hissing and crawling around the vents, haunting your every step. It is mostly the thoughts inside the player that make it scarier, rather than the game itself. You keep on worrying constantly when and where is he going to jump out. But once he jumps out, you better find a safe place to hide or you'll be given an extra hole in your head.The game is PERFECTION and does justice to the Alien franchise and I recommend it with all my heart. It is truly an amazing experience, it is an Alien Survival Simulator. Try it out, you won't regret it.Face your fears and conquer them. Show them they are nothing more than flesh and bones."
76561198013330682,Not Recommended,214490,30338970,Posted: 5 March,all,Mighty,"If you're a big fan of this kind of game, you'll love it.If linear, stilted, style over substance and logic isn't your thing, then get Doom 3."
76561198143853060,Recommended,214490,21942559,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,✌ Lettuce ☘☘☘,"Alien IsolationOh man where do i start, for me the game is a master piece because i seen the original alien movie, and recently again.The game itself is quite longer then i expected , most games are 12 hours long single player, not this one.It's not as much of horror game as a survival stealth oriented game. Anyone who does not likes to move slow, sneak, and avoid  confrontations, then this game isn't for you.The game is devided in 1st quorter of the game is just walking around do stuff...,then you encounter the alien, from there to the half of the game the alien will be close you ALL THE TIME, there are some in between where you sneak by sinthetics.At some point you will get rid of the alien, from there the game slows down.The last portion of the game the alien will apprear again, a bit later more appear along with face huggers :D ,the game ending is not certain more than likely there will be a sequel.The crafting is nice but most items i never used ,i did played on medium though probably on higher difficultyes each crafted item has it's value.The alien AI is very well done i'm so glad it doesnt' has predictable patterns like humans and sinthetics.They really put effort into makeing the game, hoplefully the sequell will deliver the same experience or better if possible,it felt life half life 2 ... Awesome, rich story, great gameplay and sound, and exhausting ,stressful.One last thing some players might hate the save sistem its very similar to dead space 1 & 2 save sistem, i didin't like it at first but, for this kind of games it NEEDS  to be this way in order to create suspension ,fear and stress. It wouldn't be as scary if you spam quick save 24/7 now would it ?9/10 from an alien fan."
76561197990239805,Recommended,214490,22639611,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Animal,Great game.  One of the best FPS I've played.
,Recommended,214490,14534827,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ageing Stormtrooper,"For any die-hard Alien fan this is a must game! The atmosphere of the first movie (combined with a bit of the second perhaps) is wonderfully captured, especially certain parts where you wear a space suit (no spoilers, hopefully).In terms of mechanics it is a stealth game as stealthy as it can get, certain parts are just not possible with (although sometimes possible/necessary) ""violence"" or ""loud running"".The game-time is plenty for the main story line. And if you like challenges, you can replay in multiple difficulty levels.Personally, I found the game already hard on normal, not because of resources, but because of the way the Alien reacts. But that might just be me.The DLC short missions are just that, short, but it's like playing parts of the movie Alien, especially having the choice to be one of the lead characters.And finally, if all that isn't enough, there are the survival modes.There is only one thing that bothers me, although it is part of the mechanics, and that is, you can't jump. It just doesn't make logical sense, but again, it's part of the mechanics to solve certain ""puzzles"".Totally recommendable. I love it, even though I am not great at stealth games, i still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,214490,15112919,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,YOU FUCKING DONKEY,A bit of poo fell out of me. Not much. Just enough to make me fear playing the game ever again.  19/7.6- IGN
,Recommended,214490,15106085,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Selraith,Hide. Run. Survive!
76561198137591673,Recommended,214490,15108990,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ZAFE TRICKSHOTS,Nice game too long
76561197964057866,Recommended,214490,14152221,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lord Apophis,I found this game to be awsome best yet in the alien line up takes me back to the first alien game that made me feel a bit scared and jumpy Graphics wise looks stunning storey is good too the lengh of the game is nice not too short only thing missing was the pulse rifle with granade launcher and maybe the tracker onscreen at all times other than that 10/10 game must buy.
,Recommended,214490,34958650,Posted: 14 September,all,Breakrule-,I love that graphics and the sound hear ♥♥♥♥♥♥ terrfiying!!!
,Recommended,214490,12404200,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,FsGoD,"Great if you have extremely good PC equipment. I do.Otherwise, up poops creek without a paddle as the developers CA wont patch sh*t."
,Recommended,214490,24022603,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gmanmik,Cool Game
76561198102932676,Not Recommended,214490,34966296,Posted: 15 September,all,Heywire,"This game really excites the senes. Sight, smell , hearing, it's all taken from me. Just alien, that's all there is to it baby."
76561198254747797,Recommended,214490,32525404,Posted: 17 June,all,KamikazeKoala,i found it quiet glitchy but the part i played was amazing
76561198035480039,Recommended,214490,30779303,Posted: 27 March,all,DrSinn,I have never had so much fun running around and hiding in a locker. Just Terrifying.
76561198058540220,Recommended,214490,24818951,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Bozeman Science,"I bought this game, and wow, it's really cool! but I refunded it because it was too scary"
76561198124170602,Recommended,214490,24796215,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,narrow,i give this game a 4 out of 5 good game.
,Recommended,214490,24798198,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,gamingman21,My personal game of the year 2014. I want a sequel.
76561198110932636,Recommended,214490,24834601,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Proodst03,ayy thats pretty good
,Recommended,214490,24811637,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,very good. Also I wouldn't buy at full price it often goes on sale for 14 bucks.
76561198067518703,Recommended,214490,24837108,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,atikinf,"This game is really ♥♥♥♥ing good. It has a lengthy but fairly captivating story line and it's pretty spooky.  The scares aren't jump scares as much as they are just a constant atmosphere of ""o♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and ""waddup"" interrupted occasionally by &quot♥♥♥♥♥quot;. I recommend this game, especially when it's on sale (which is often). The graphics are nice too.It's good.But... don't just hide in cabinets for hours at a time. It's more fun and (generally) more effective to strafe around the alien and synths. My first play through did not involve any cabinets and I didn't run into any issues with getting bored after sitting in a box for a day."
76561198033984598,Recommended,214490,18961969,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 10/10
76561198172530489,Recommended,214490,25459828,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BrbGonnaKms,good game!
76561198007282680,Recommended,214490,15067762,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,dajarvi,I wonderfully love this game!  I hope to see a Colinial Marine version of it :)
,Recommended,214490,18741788,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,antimech,20th Century FoxGraphicsOptimizationMy childhood
,Recommended,214490,35082596,Posted: 20 September,all,LHOOK,I enjoyed this game because it was enjoyable
76561198050971909,Recommended,214490,15107917,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,F4TheGold,"This is a great alien game! Perhaps the best. Forget about ""point and kill"" FPS and about playing a badass character.This is about basic survival.I mostly played this at night with low lights. Very creepy :o"
76561198256073828,Recommended,214490,21222276,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Threefriends72,Ok great. But I expect marines mode with guns not a simple aurvival. COLONIAL MARINES is better.
,Recommended,214490,28909311,Posted: 1 January,all,theBrost,http://awkwardmixture.blogspot.com/2016/09/alien-isolation-atmospheric-threats.html
,Recommended,214490,21836408,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Newbius,15minutes in.....totally cr#pping myself.
,Recommended,214490,19008037,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,chetan.N,Alien it is! wish they had Co-Op ..
76561198296460194,Recommended,214490,30734449,Posted: 25 March,all,Derledrel,gg
76561197961261827,Recommended,214490,23855243,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Eat My Grass,"It's physically stressful to play - probably knocked five years off my life.  Pants-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly scary and visually breathtaking.  It requires a lot of patience and resolve.  I LOVE THIS GAME.Note:  DO NOT PLAY THIS ON EASY OR NORMAL.  The visual detection range of enemies seems to be substantially reduced on anything less than Hard, and the game turns farcical."
76561197983876192,Recommended,214490,22653538,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Decomposed,"Best Alien game since AvP2. It's not perfect, but a decent experience overall.+Great atmosphere+Terrifying encounters with the xenomorph+Excellent graphics-Poor story-Drags on, especially during the last levels. It could be 3-4 hours shorter-The AI is hit or miss and can result in some cheap deaths"
76561197991465949,Recommended,214490,12459556,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Gagarin,Best Alien game!  Superb graphics and sound!
,Recommended,214490,24759318,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KrigarNooben,Great game; Will when I get the time for it get around to play it more.
,Recommended,214490,17275884,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DrugsBunny,Good game lots of scares performs very well no issues with gameplay or lag or anything everything was very smooth surround sound was really well done only thing i hated was how many times i had to open up a stupid computer! also there was lots of running back and forth and the alien was very very annoying! he would just appear out of no where!
,Recommended,214490,20027090,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Son of a Mitch,"If the AvP movies scewed you over and Prometheus wasn't up your alley, than Alien Isolation maybe that piece of media that keeps you invested in the Alien franchise. A pure Alien experience that you shouldn't over look."
,Recommended,214490,17022216,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,naomha,The Alien game you've always wanted to play and never could. Until now. GoTY among many multiple sites and mags. Easily worth its price tag. Get it and be happy. Period.
76561198111949596,Recommended,214490,34545902,Posted: 27 August,all,EnricoMezza1981,Yeah it's good bro
,Recommended,214490,34845914,Posted: 9 September,all,Jack157y,dont play this in vr
76561197975970485,Not Recommended,214490,14121311,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Lord Victor,"I really wanted to like this game. The visual style, atmosphere, sound design, and faithfulness to the orgininal film are all amazing. Chunky, unreliable gizmos clunk and whirr and play silly chiptunes while displaying their manufacturer's logos. The Alien looks perfect, makes appropriately creepy sounds, and has convincing animations.Unfortunately you can't create a good game on style alone. At some point in this game's development, its creators decided that dying repeatedly in the most frustrating and random of ways equates to ""scary"". Repeating the same areas again and again until the Alien happens to thump off to the right instead of the left, giving you that crucial few seconds to enter a door code or cut it open with a torch simply isn't fun.As someone who has put many hundreds of hours into the first three Thief games (the ones that count), Achieved the highest ratings in the last few Hitman games, played successfully through Deus Ex: HR and Dishonored in stealth playstyles on high difficulty settings, and even who makes his Skyrim and Fallout-type characters stealth-based, I can assert that it is not the vulnerable-protagonist stealth gameplay of Alien: Isolation that is stumping me.Saying that the Alien's behaviour is unpredictable and ""natural"" may sound like fun, but what it amounts to is repeatedly rolling dice until you get a lucky roll and can move to the next savepoint. The Alien, completely at random as far as I can tell, magically gains the ability to see through hiding places, changes direction without warning, and drops out of holes in the ceiling, sometimes in areas where the player cannot take any action to save himself. Sometimes it does these things, and sometimes you get lucky. If you enjoy reloading saves until you get lucky, then by all means this is the game for you.To me, it isn't scary at all. It's just frustrating. I got enough of Evil Otto back in the 80's.Edit: Having put a few more hours into this game in the hopes that it would improve, it doesn't, really. It does become slightly less frustrating, as they give you more options for dealing with the Alien (namely, a flamethrower), but it remains repetitive and far, far too long. Literally nothing works on the first try, and apparently being a space engineer is a comedy of errors, where in order to flip switch A, you have to climb down into a dark scary corridor to flip switch B. But wait, you can't power up switch B because there are 3 circuit breakers that need flipping first-- and so on.Additionally, a lot of the tension is artificial, generated by the loud soundtrack and overpowering ambient noises (which frequently overpower the dialogue completely. I've missed several bits of story because I simply couldn't hear what was being said over the music or rumbling elevator or hissing steam, or whatever obnoxious overpowering noise. My sound settings are default; I shouldn't have to adjust relative music/speech/environment volume to make the game useable.)I will finish the game just for the sake of having done so, but it is feeling more and more like a chore. It still isn't scary like Silent Hill or the Shalebridge Cradle in Thief 3. Its jump scares are cheap and it fails at generating a sense of dread, unlike some of the X labs in STALKER games, where you are reluctant to keep moving forward because of the creepy atmosphere and fear of the unknown.Buy it when it goes down to 14.99 USD or something, if you're curious about the design and atmosphere. Otherwise, just pass on it."
76561198084580561,Not Recommended,214490,29656948,Posted: 2 February,all,noquedanmasnick,"This is the hardest review I have ever done, but anyway:PROS:-The love for detail. As a fan of the franchise I was taking screenshots non-stop.-Graphics are great (except for humans) and are very well optimized.-Some specific segments are really enjoyableThe Space Jockey and Facehuggers encounters-Sounds and music directly and enhanced from the first movie. Can't get any better in this aspect.CONS:-The original voice actress of the main protagonist sounds ridiculously amateur.-This is one of the most boring and unnecessary long games I have ever played, mainly because you are doing the same thing all the time:a) starting a generator/shottind down a generatorb) backtracking for second, third, fourth time and beyondc) escaping and hiding from annoying robots and alien(s) that chases you with teleportation powers constantly, becoming annoying and predictable.-It has one of the worst endings in a modern videogame. So little reward for so much repetitive boredom."
76561198009987044,Not Recommended,214490,19149318,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,KukoBar,"After you play Amnesia or SOMA this game becomes dull and a try and error situation, which defeat the whole purpose of a horror game, more than scary or w/e this game is frustrating.Great graphics, great sound, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enviroments, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics"
,Recommended,214490,12389956,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Octoploppy,I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
76561198409608849,Not Recommended,214490,34781815,Posted: 6 September,all,Khaosai Galaxy,This game makes me seasick
76561197970355621,Not Recommended,214490,18933618,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,endolex,"So much promise, so much work, so much beauty and style, and yet: So much frustration.If faithfully capturing and recreating the first Alien movie's look and feel were enough to make a good game, this game would be no less than fantastic. Sadly, a game and a compelling story need more than that - interesting characters worth caring about, and six letters: PACING.The formula ""activate X, oh no, access to X is blocked by Y, you need to get a Z to get there, oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ the Z is supposed to be in the A, but someone took it to B and to get there you need to get rid of C"" is compelling once or twice, but if the whole game consists of setbacks, it gets old and tedious. The same can be said for a Ripley crashing through the floor and losing progress / being diverted: For god's sakes, it can be done once, or twice, but do it more often and players become incredibly fatigued about something that is supposed to be HORROR.About the gadgets: I very much liked the idea of plasma torches and Security Access Tuners. but to have actually three levels of them just becomes repetitive, as well as having to re-start generators and all that - all of the stuff looks great, but simply is used to often. Why? I don't know, perhaps to give the game some additional length? I honestly prefer playing a three-hour game that has my interest for the whole three hours, than having to push myself through a seven-hour-deal of repetition with little variety.The worst thing however is this: A game that is so unforgiving for every little mistake should either auto-save on every corner or GIVE PLAYERS THE ABILITY TO SAVE ANYWHERE, ANYTIME. Yes, I understand that the concept of manual Quicksave is alien (hah) on console games, and their progresskeeping mechanics swap over to PC games as well nowadays, and yes I understand the argument that it would break the sense of risk and fear. But I really can't afford having to repeat 20 minutes of gameplay again and again just because there is no save point between here and there.It simply all adds to the frustation with this game which could have been so much, but all the beauty it offers is swallowed up by all the repetition you have to suffer through for various reasons."
,Not Recommended,214490,28922918,Posted: 1 January,all,Heil The Blood God,"I've been wanting to like this game, but I can't.I find it extremely boring and I have to force myself to play every time.When I do I can only manage it for few moments.The game just get's stale, and it's not scary at all.I have not been scared once, I honestly do not see why anyone says it's scary, because it's not.You're just forced to hide in lockers most of the time, and slowly sneak around.Sure you get the flame thrower, but that doesn't make things exciting.Personally, I think this game would be far better if it was more story orintated, and if not most, if not all the characters in the game are dead or will die.Killing them off at the end is one thing, but no you arrive when everyone is already dead, so you can't experience the chaos as it unfolds around you.TL:DRSorry but not sorry fanboys and girls, I did not like this game.It was stale, boring, not scary and repeitive and not a challenge.They should just call it walk simulator, that's what you're doing most of the time.You literally can walk around while the alien is in the vents and do what you need to do.Just hide when it drops down, or go around it. Easy."
,Recommended,214490,12389937,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,2D_Mike,Play this game in the dark? no ♥♥♥♥ that i will stick and play this game in the mornings!10/10 would play with family or friends.
,Not Recommended,214490,32284046,Posted: 8 June,all,ToCa81,"This game was extremely tedious and went on far too long. It's a shame because the visuals, sound, and atmosphere are all outstanding, but the actual gameplay was so derivative and mundane that I was just praying for the game to end for pretty much the entire second half. Hopefully they can take the strong points of this game and make a sequel that's a lot more fun to actually play."
76561197978046059,Not Recommended,214490,29788497,Posted: 8 February,all,billynomates,"this game is stupidly hard even on easy settings. expect to spend hours creeping around the admittedly fantasctic scenery of which you can only interact with just a tiny amount of. you will be in almost constant danger of instant death from the creature or the surviving crew while searching for non existant weapons and small amounts of crafting materials. you can't jump, there is no quick save, the inventry is difficult to use under pressure and the crafting is a pain. you cannot stash your materials anywhere. i lost the will to carry on after about 3 hours trying the same point in this game over and over.it might be me, i know i'm not the best at pc games but this is just so frustrating.i might try it again using a walkthrough at some point. i did buy the thing after all"
76561198001096362,Not Recommended,214490,17101475,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,[HMRD] RabidIBM,"I'm only a few minutes in, and if the game makes a MASSIVE turn around I will change this review to positive, but I am already too stunned to face palm.I wish I could attach a picture for you to look at, a screen shot I saved from the game, so that you wouldn't have to take my word for it on this.  Some games that are console ports do a good job of hiding it, sometimes to the point that I'm surprised to learn that a game is a console port.  Then there are others that make it very obvious, then there is this one.  I tried to look up the controls, remember I'm on PC, and the controls map is literally a picture of an X-box controller with labels and lines telling me what each bumper and thumb stick does.Because this game looks well put together I'm going to give it a second chance and keep playing, once I've pressed bleeping key on my keyboard to try to see what it does in game that is, and I will post a follow up to this review."
,Recommended,214490,12389893,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,uLyrix,Scary as hell!Must play game if you are interested in the alien series
76561197990285591,Not Recommended,214490,28899269,Posted: 1 January,all,Twistofcain,"Nice graphics, great interior design that follows the movies nicely. But a very confusing game. The mechanics are plain broken. I always managed to trigger events and cutscenes without any sense or order, the game seems to expect you to follow their script or it gets weird.The story doesn't make any sense. When you are in a space station with technical difficulties, why should everyone start shooting like maniacs?On the other hand you can pretty much crouch untrobled through the whole game. The Alien is very stupid and doesn't seem to realise that you are hiding in plain sight under a table."
76561197961163132,Not Recommended,214490,15193169,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Achublue,"there are so many things wrong with this games... the story (obvious storyline) and game play is sooo linear (you can run blindly and still get to where you neee to go). absolutely no replay value. while the ""puzzles"" were ok... why the hell did you make pulling a dumb switch a multi button pressing combo thing for every god damn switch... why the hell do i have to press an action to climb a ladder or crawl in tunnel??? and why the hell CAN'T THE CHARACTER JUMP?!?!?!? was programming jumping into the game that freaking difficult??? what was your reference point DOOM??? omg... luckily i bought this game when it was like 80% off..."
,Not Recommended,214490,15192107,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,PhilFromIT,I don't get what people see in this game. It rely's on hiding stuff from you to keep you from progressing. So you end up just walking around looking up and down for things you missed. I had high hopes for this because I love the Alien franchise. But this fell completely flat for me. Glad I waited until it was on sale.
,Not Recommended,214490,24963647,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,JordanFireStar,"The game was overall dark, I couldn't see anything so I couldn't progress to the part where I can get to a flashlight, and the whole thing was just like a maze so I do not recommend this game, don't waste your money on this.  Maybe if you want get it for $15 or less on sale but not for $40"
76561197962395164,Not Recommended,214490,30730990,Posted: 25 March,all,a_norup,"It is a delight to relive elements from the original movie in the Crew Expendable DLC, Much audio and graphics is a well-made re-creation, although it will soon become repetitive with little variation. The alien is beutifully animated.Where it fails is gameplay. The initial terror soon wears off and highly linear missions appear that, especially in the main Isolation story, does not really make sense - you just blindly follow updated objectives without really understanding why. The game may be thrilling to some, but I usually quit frustrated, feeling my time could be spent better."
76561198050041960,Not Recommended,214490,23947750,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,lee.young,"While initially very intense, suspenseful and at moments, terrifying, the repetitive nature* of the objectives quickly devolves the gameplay into eye-rolling drudgery.* 75% of the game is getting to switch A while avoiding Alien, and after turning on switch A, next objective is getting to switch B, which is inconveniently located on the other side of the map while once again, avoiding Alien.  Rinse, repeat."
,Not Recommended,214490,15606079,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,xDaudex,"Pros:AtmosphereKeeping technology to the right time periodThe aliens animationsCons:Game is too confusing before you get the motion sensorOnce you get the motion sensor it becomes a follow the motion sensor gameThe aliens actions do not seem organic, he's always hanging around where you are. I know it's a game but it kind of breaks the illusion when it seems like he always knows where you are but he's following the games rules and won't come after you unless you do something stupid."
,Not Recommended,214490,34584660,Posted: 29 August,all,re,Great atmosphere but even that outstays it's welcome and everything becomes a chore towards the last few hours
,Not Recommended,214490,34746828,Posted: 4 September,all,vultracider_jadison,"Just another little stupid console game.Press use to duck into vents.You can't climb over small obstacles. No jump key.Every late 90s FPS got better movement and level/world interaction that that.There are just a few items to collect and to admire in a stupid little submenu.Everything about it is just so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly console gaming like, I can't take it anymore.After 2 hours I don't see the point in continuing.I wanted to love the game but it is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I love ALIENs and the four movies and I loved the AvP 1 & 2 games (although they weren't perfect, too), but this here?It is such a primitive and simple litte stupid game for Playstation kids. Like Wolfenstein with better graphics.I thought it would be intelligent and scary as System Shock 2. (Was scary sometimes, though...) But no. Impossible.If you play the newest GTA games all day, listen to chart music and scare easy, you will probably think Alien Isolation is a smart and complex game.VERY SAD!Because i really liked the way the beginning levels looked and felt completely like the 1979 movie.And the old electronics flicker TV style of some menus was nice.Anyway.Waste of time.Refund."
76561198007743897,Not Recommended,214490,35155686,Posted: 23 September,all,captvolkov,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone for these very simple reasons1- The Alien: after the second encounter with it I understood how it's coding worked and how it has nothing to do with it trying to find you, it's just leashed in a 35-ish meter radius around the player and it will wander around inside that perimeter until it finds you, there's nothing you can do to lose it since it's not actually 'trying' to find you2- The 'other' bugs: This game is plagued, from flying guns to wall clipping, to enemies suddenly appearing right on top of you, hitting you once then disappearing from the game (they are still visible but they are no longer an interactible object in the game world, you walk through them and can't attack them, and they don't interact with anything or anyone anymore either)It's really disappointing because the game has an incredible atmosphere set up in the beginning, but it immediately crumbles the moment the alien actually shows up"
,Recommended,214490,21228846,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,LucyTheSuccubus,"Holy mother of god!This game is extremely great, especially for me as Alien fan who watched ALL the movies including Predator franchise and what not. Im a die hard fan of Alien and this game is worthy to be part of the franchise and here is why.You are Ripley. Nope, not THAT Ripley, you are her daughter. In the second movie there is something told about her. She died when Ripley was finally found. Many years passed but this is offtopic so back to the game. Ripley decides to attend to a mission to find out something about her mother. On this way they are going to get a recorder from her mothers ship. Who watched the first movie knew what happened there so no further explanations. I advise you to watch at least the first movie anyway. This recorder is on another station and Ripley is going to get it. While doing this she is discovering the destroyed station and the madness in it. Something is with her, and its not only Androids and survivors... Something dark is lurking in the shadows. You have to escape!The game is a great Alien game. I rarely had so much fun with a game of this sort. This is even better than Outlast and whatnot for me. The gameplay is pretty much like Outlast, with the difference that you can attack enemies, which is often not advisable though because its not a shooter and you should only do it sometimes when its neccessary. Stealth is the key here, especially on higher difficulties. You have to sneak past many beings. You can do this with either distracting them or just sneak and hide in places like lockers or under the table. Or going rambo and trying to kill them which you should avoid most of the time. The whole station is filled with scrap and items you can collect to craft new items like grenades or medkits, which you will need. Beside you can explore many logs on the station giving you clues about the background story. However, I mostly didnt had the time or... sanity... to read them while sneaking or hiding from the Alien. The atmosphere is extremely tense, last time I felt such a atmosphere was in Dead Space back in 2008 when I played it the first time. When I was in a nest of the Aliens I felt so ♥♥♥♥ing helpless and scared... Facehuggers jumping out of their eggs and Aliens hunting you. I really felt like I was in the movie. Rarely I seen such a extremely insanse atmosphere. To be honest you will only have to go through this around 5% of the game. But beside the atmosphere is definitely not worse. You always feel like you are hunted because you hear the Alien going through the vents. SNEAK. If you run, you are dead, believe me. Only run when you feel like this is no other way. Also every noise you make the Alien recognizes. Even killing an enemy in your way. There are many difficulties available. Very Easy, Easy, Medium, Hard, Very Hard. Devs recommend hard. I personally found it a little bit annoying to hide myself all of the time from the Alien. Also I stopped counting how often I died... In hard and very hard it has a extremely good AI. First time players who dont want to hide theirself 50% of the time in lockers and die should go with Medium. A good combination out of nice story gameplay and actual hidding and fear. Believe me, you already are bothered enough with medium, especially mainstream gamer. High difficulties have the potencial to totally spoil your fun with the game and you just smashing the game into the corner. People who are not into horror games but like the Alien franchise should go with easy I guess. Seriously, this game might be to tense for you with high difficulty. On high difficulties the Alien can, for example, find you because of your breath. Astonishing but also fearsome...Sometimes I felt like they could have added a alternative quicksave system to the game.Not that you have to use it but alone the possibility to have it would have been nice.The graphics are very nice. I couldnt complain about the PC port. Its pretty good and solid. Many options to change and a good optimized performance. A PC with some good recent i5 and a GTX 960 or something similar in power should be able to max this on 1080p with 60FPS+. There is also anti aliasing present. Mostly some sort of MSAA or whatever it is... T1X or T2X are available. T2X pretty much removed most of the Aliasing which is quite present in the game without any AA. I barely noticed it while playing with T2X. I should note that the game doesnt seem to like multi GPU setups. There seem to be some minor problems, which might have been fixed however. T2X is also not available for multi gpu user, for whatever reason. You should rather play that game with only 1 GPU. Beside of that the PC port is top notch.Also there might be some future update.The game also has a bunch of DLCs which are ok but nothing special. I got them all for 1,20 actually because I just bought the reduced bundle so I couldnt care less. The DLCs are pretty small. There are 2 story DLCs which tell 2 little stories about the Nostromo ship from the first Alien movie. I actually enjoyed playing this. But both together are like 1 Hour long. Pretty short and disappointing. Also there are survivor DLCs. Some sort of challenges like making certain missions in a certain time while being hunted by the Alien. Nice gamemode addition which lets you enjoy the game without playing story all the time. Also there are quite a few missions to play so it shouldnt get boring.Positive:- Scary as ****!- Alien!- Nice level design- Good PC port- Around 15 hours story playtime!- Nostalgic feeling when knowing the original movie- Good soundtrack- Well made animations and AI of the Alien- Many difficulties for every taste- Well made crafting systemNegative:- Multi GPU support could be better but its not that bad- Sometimes I felt like a alternative quicksave option could have made wonders on PC because the savepoints are somewhat uncommon or you dont have time to save because the Alien is hunting youReplayablility: MediumI rarely had so much fun with a horror game like this. Last decent horror games I played over the last years were Dead Space and The Suffering, if anyone even remembers those oldschool games from Surreal Software. Not even on Steam...Outlast and The Evil Within were nice too. Amnesia didnt hit my taste. But for a Alien game, this is really good! Best Alien game so far maybe, especially after Colonial Marines... This was just a sad game which should have never been released in that state. Because of Gearbox pushing the release further and further and not actually developing the game, giving it away to other devs, because they made Borderlands 2, it just failed completely and was a major disappointment for SEGA and Gearbox.I can totally recommend this game to any Alien or horror fan! This is a experience you wont forget so fast. Amazing work devs! Please more of this!My Rating: 9,5/10Yup, you read right. There is no reason for me to give anything less. Could have made the 10/10 if they maybe made a alternative quicksave option and added better mutli gpu support to the game. being perfect nowadays is nearly impossible. But one of the most enjoyable games of the last years, especially as Alien fan!"
76561198059199161,Not Recommended,214490,18981782,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Reiter,"Crap.  No idea what you are doing, objectives are hidden, no objective listed, you get random items before you can assemble them.  Game makers where trying to create a game in the flavor of Resident Evil, that was linear but this game is sandbox with no type of direction of where you where going.  Run into humans and you get shot at with 60 seconds make a diversion...ok where am I supposed to go.  Yup, crap after toggling a power box that doesn't say what it is supposed to do or perhaps hide in the stupid lockers littered all over the place to hide where in the Metal Gear series you might of found materials.  You have no idea what you are doing but no idea where you are supposed to go."
76561198072388791,Not Recommended,214490,35214530,Posted: 25 September,all,Phoenix82696,"I had heard a lot of good things about this game, so naturally when it went on sale for $10 I decided to try it out and see what the hype is about. So it was off to a great start; it set up characters well and the conflict starts early and explosively. The tension was at an all time high in the first few hours of this game, and the difficulty, while hard, felt kind of fair as you could learn from mistakes. And then as the game continued I realized there was not nearly enough gameplay to warrant the game's length. If I had to describe it in one word, it would be 'tedious'. I swear I have never seen a game with as many filler actions as this. Out of the 16 hours clocked I would not be surprised if 6 of those hours were spent flipping levers, saving the game, turning bolts to turn on power, waiting for people to walk away from the locker I'm hiding in, etc. etc. At one point I was just on my phone checking social media while holding down the 'W' key for about 15 minutes just to get through a certain space walk. I have never had a harder time finishing a game, I don't know where I found the patience to finish it, but the payoff was not worth it as the ending was pretty lame.It really is a shame because this game definitely had potential. It feels like the developers got some nice gameplay mechanics down, some decent story telling, and then realized they were not gonna meet a deadline so they just stuffed this game with as much fluff as they could in order to get the playtime that they wanted. I definitely would not recommend this game at full price, but if it's on sale, and you are a fan of Alien stories then you may enjoy it more than I did."
,Recommended,214490,12401380,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Red Son,First 5 minutes at full price of this game are better than full game of Col. Marines with 75% discount.
,Not Recommended,214490,24348417,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WANG DONG,a game thats main merit was the a.i.has♥♥♥♥♥♥a.i.
,Not Recommended,214490,18558954,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Cyotey,"Alien: Isolation delivers a great game in every aspect and I do not regret my purchase or playthrough. However I do not recommend it and it took a lot of thought not to.StoryThe story of Alien: Isolation is cliche throughout the entire game, but this is exactly what I expected and wanted as an Alien fan. You play as Amanda Ripley, Ellen's daughter to find out what exactly happened to your mother 15 years ago. She was promised that she would see her on her 11th birthday and never saw her again. And so your journey begins. The rest you should find and figure out.Graphics and soundLike a lot of people will tell you, it's best to have a good sound system or headphones. The sounds are top notch and it gets your adrenaline pumping hearing even the softest hisses from doors opening and closing to the hissing and thumping of the dreaded Xenomorph. The lighting is some of the best I've ever seen in any game and pops out more than anything else (other than the smoke).MechanicsThe Xenomorph AI is one of the most impressive AI systems I've ever seen. No two encounters are ever the same. Sometimes she's relentless, sometimes you won't even see her in an area. Sometimes she's loud and sloppy, sometimes she gets you before you even know what the hell happened. This isn't like any horror game you've played where it's obvious if you've been seen or not. The AI is smart enough to make it vague at times, pretending it didn't see you or pretending it did to make you panic. The alien is very unpredictable and makes for one hell of a ride. Survivors are just downright broken. Unless you're behind clear cover, they do not miss. Last time I checked, fear makes you inaccurate at long range. Working Joes are nothing but irritating, nearly impossible to melee and you'll be seeing and fighting them more than the Xenomorph and survivors combined. Or that's how it felt for me.OverallAlien: Isolation is worth the purchase and for the first 5 hours or so you will be awed by its morbid beauty. After that, it's a very tedious mess of running back and forth restarting generators, hacking (which is actually fun) trying to find ways to open doors and hiding anywhere you can for 5-15 minutes at a time. Slight spoiler:While I understand why the ending happened, more closure would've been much nicer. I was very irritated by it."
76561198249189190,Recommended,214490,29729954,Posted: 5 February,all,CarGalSar,u
,Not Recommended,214490,24560907,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Befraia,"I gave this game several times a chance... graphically beautiful, it captures the atmosphere perfectly. Unfortunately, there are several aspects that don't work: 1) Difficulty:  found the game too difficult, even on novice level. I was caught in a hospital level that was so small, I always bumped into the Alien, no matter what I tried. 2) Game design: feel like a ride rather than open world scouting. With save stations to reach, it can be very frustrating to be killed when you've managed to almost finish the mission... you simply restart from last save. 3) Mechanics: The control logic (I am using an XBox controller)  is a mere insolence -- when quick reaction is needed you typically have to use more than one button, ""select"" a weapon while you're being attacked! One word about the atmosphere... yes, it works to have the motion tracker on and listen for every sound above or below you... but boy does it get dumb after a while. There's no logic behind the Alien's movement, it just enters and leaves, just to enter again. You may sit in your locker forever... what a pity... a couple of things are well done, but I must give this game a clear thumbs down. I had my doubts when I saw SEGA was behind. Now I know I was right."
76561198050169004,Recommended,214490,12637814,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Galious,This game is a masterpiece.  Play it in the dark.  I jumped a couple times.
,Recommended,214490,12681618,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Rubber,I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants and then quitted the game
76561198077756013,Recommended,214490,13811681,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Kenny Boy,"I'm a fan of the alien film series and this is VERY good! Some people have said it was draggged out, i completely diagree felt perfect paceing."
76561198065560688,Recommended,214490,31707418,Posted: 12 May,all,A Man who Land a wild,Horror my A S S.
,Not Recommended,214490,15777414,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Eddy,"Game breaking bugs.Mission 5, where you have to go take the keycard from the corpse and return to DR Kuhlman, the game bugs and you have to restart the mission because the event where he is supposed to talk to you doesn't trigger.This may or may not be fixed if you restart the mission, I am not going to spend 3 more hours repeating the mission to find out, uninstalled.This game came out over a year ago, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that it has bugs like those after so long.♥♥♥♥ PC gaming these days, nothing but early access ripoffs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bugs, crashes and DLC.Should have picked another ♥♥♥♥ing hobby 20 years ago."
76561198031189550,Not Recommended,214490,16488599,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ShortBusSpeshal,"Against my better judgement I bought this game. I heard the bad reviews, but wanted to like it, as I am a fan of the Alien saga. I played for 48 minutes. The game starts you off running a fetch quest to retrieve your clothes. Then you must push a button. Then you must talk to someone, then talk to someone else (by talk I mean listen). Then you must pick up a folder, then press a button. For nearly an hour I walked around and clicked on things. Talk about mind numbing. Not to mention, the way forward, is not always obvious, sometimes it's just a stupid hole in the wall you didn't notice the first time, and the map does not help. If you like to press ""A"", this game is for you."
76561197976302406,Not Recommended,214490,19096201,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Fabius,"Very frustrating game, not recomended unless you like dissapointments."
76561198136064220,Not Recommended,214490,22615489,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,hankmarvin,"not good, takes sooooooooooo long to get any action :("
,Recommended,214490,28604091,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ur mom,"I mean... I'm not saying I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, but I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants."
76561197999904169,Recommended,214490,13267205,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Atum Hadu,"This is about as good as gaming gets. It's a celebration of everything that made Ridley Scott's 1979 scifi/horror film both terrifying and fantastic, with such attention to detail that you're instantly immersed.It's apparent from the get-go that this game was lovingly crafted --the music is the first thing to set the mood, with the same wispy orchestral notes as the opening frames of the movie. The original film's 1970s retrofuturism is replicated faithfully here as well. Instead of the touch screens and air displays that dominate visual hardware in modern science fiction, the gear in Alien: Isolation is old school, with the same tactile terminals and monochrome monitors used in the film. This is 1979's version of the future of human interstellar exploration, and it's corporate, bleak, and lonely.The game's developers should also be praised for creating a worthy female protagonist. The designers clearly worked hard to make Amanda Ripley look just enough like her mother, and the character is the antithesis of the hyper-sexualized female avatars seen in a lot of games. Amanda Ripley doesn't tote an impossibly big gun or wear boob armor, she's just an ordinary engineer clad in Companywear, searching for any clue about her missing mother's fate.There's so much to praise about the visuals, sound and attention to detail, but it's the gameplay that ties it all together and makes Alien: Isolation memorable. I can't think of another game that succeeds so well at creating an oppressive, uncertain atmosphere where the player really *feels* their characters' fear.There are genuinely tense and terrifying moments -- one second you're inching down a darkened hallway, the next you're diving into a storage locker just in time to watch through the slits as the Alien stalks by. Other times you're forced to crawl for cover under a desk or a gurney, with the Alien so close you can hear it breathing and hissing. But it's not just rooms and hallways. You'll find yourself looking over your shoulder in vents, and watching the ceiling for the slow-dripping slime that indicates the Alien is lurking in an open shaft above. In some sections of the Sevastapol space station the danger is compounded by hostile androids and frightened survivors who'll shoot anything that moves.The game is relentless and never lets you feel comfortable. The moment you get sloppy -- not using the motion tracker, jumping out of cover, etc -- you'll get snatched up or impaled by a tail.While Alien: Isolation almost does its job too well, there are a few chances to sit back and enjoy the scenery as well, including one sequence that brings one of the film's most memorable scenes to life. I cannot recommend this game highly enough."
,Not Recommended,214490,24225850,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,COCK,ultimately superficial
,Not Recommended,214490,18578907,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,DracoMalus,"Space Station Repair Simulator:  Hide & Seek Championship EditionThe alien enemy AI is way to random.  You can't plan an effective strategy because you have absolute no way of predicting what enemies do, especially teh alien AI.  It will ALWAYS be hovering right around where you need to go, or hover outside a room you just entered keeping you trapped for long periods of time before it moves.  Other times when it's moving it will move in random directions.  It will start to move away from you and then suddenly turn around and move right toward you (or maybe this is cheating AI from the programmers).  Either way moving through anywhere is 100% trial and error because of this sensless randomness.  Also, this is a HUGE station with other people on it yet the alien is ALWAYS roaming the halls of where you are.  Kinda convenient it always knows what area you are in.  Toward teh end the alien AI isn't random enough, the dev go into ""minefield mode"" placing the alien encounters at specific points making it more like learning where not to step on the mines by trial and error.There are lots of bugs as well.  Items don't always work as they should.  EMPS sometimes don't disable androids, molotovs won't burn people, people can still target and shoot you through smoke bombs. The hacking device sometimes goes invisible when trying to hack meaning you can't see the information needed to complete the hacking mini-game.  This is especially annoying when you have to complete the hack before being discovered by a roaming android.Also, when did shotgus stop having a wide area of effect?  So many games now shotgus need to be just as accurate on aiming as any single shot weapon.  If your shotgun crosshair isn't exactly on what you're shooting at you will miss.  Facehugger coming at you?  Even if your only slightly to the left of it and fire you WILL miss.  Hey devs, shotguns are SCATTER weapons, they should EVERYTHING in front of you if you're close to point-blank range.  Stupid morons.The save system is the worst ever.  There is an auto save, but only when you complete broad sections of the game, meaning that auto saves are far and few in between.  There are manual save stations but they too are far and few in between and have a cooldown before you can use them again.   You generally have to complete an entire area before you get to save again and with how random the alien is not only will you be dying over and over again but sometimes you will find yourself unable to save for 20 minutes or more and if you die you have to do everything over again.  This is especially stupid once you've completed puzzles or mission objectives.  They could have at least granted you an auto save when you complete an objective.  I was forced to do one annoying puzzle 4 times because I kept dying before getting back to a save and the puzzle itself took about 2 minutes to solve and changed each time.  On the off that chance that you have something easy to do the devs when out of their way to make sure it takes for freakin ever to get it done.  Slow♥♥♥♥♥spacewalk on one of the longest platforms in gaming anyone?This game is also a boring typical broken down space station you have to repair; stuff you've seen in a million games before.  You need to get to A, but the door is seasled and you have to go all the way over to B to activate the power or get the code or use the unlock terminal so that you can get through the door.   Basically all the same stuff you did in every other space station game or old factory game.  Turn power on here, get key card there, rinse, repeat.  <YAWN>  In fact, sometimes it gets so bad that you will be in one area to get something, have to go all the way around to another area to continue, and once you get there something will happen forcing you to go all the way back to where you just were to fix whatever broke and then go all the way back again to continue.  These idiots have no god damn concept of game design.  They are a bunch of morons.The selection cursor is iffy.  There are several things I tried to interact with and you sometimes have to be very precise in your aim to get the interact option to show up.Graphically the game looks great.  The station looks nice, lighting and effects are very well done. For the most part character models are good except the alien.  Other than a few special encounters with the alien it just looks too plain as it tromps up and down the halls like a utility robot.  Other than the disappointing alien this game looks really good.  There are some incredible environments too.On the audio end the voice acting is better than average and the music is standard fare, but man they need to adjust volume levels, or let you adjust ALL volume output.  I turned the music way down and it STILL drowns out voices.  Ripley practically whispers through the whole ame and half the time it's either music or environmental sound that drowns her out.  You are god damned forced into using subtitles because you won't be able to hear half of what anyone says.All in all this a great looking game with horrible game design.  If the game isn't annoying you with it's sensless AI and bugs then it's boring you with over used tropes, stock character personalities, similar environments and lots and lots of backtracking.ADDENDUM:  The two story based DLC: Crew Expendable and Last Survivor are short and mostly pointless.  Though it was kinda nice to see a a young Sigourney Weaver again as I've always fancied her.  I did not play any of the survivor or salvage modes as those types of play styles don't interest me."
,Recommended,214490,12651773,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Nick,"Alien: Isolation is the Alien game that fans have been waiting decades for. Not only does it faithfully recreate the atmosphere of the original Ridley Scott film, but it finally makes the Xenomorph something to be afraid of again. The graphics are absolutely phenomenal and some of the best in the gaming industry to date along with incredible sound design and an unexpectedly lengthy story. The gameplay may have a few quirks, and the storyline may be hard to follow when your constantly running from hiding spot to hiding spot, too afraid to peek over the counter to grab that extra flare; but this game is the best Alien experience oyu will ever get.Let's start by talking about the gameplay. Unlike past Alien games, this one focuses entirely on the original film ""Alien"" by Ridley Scott. Gone are the large assault rifles and grenades that used to make short work of Xenomorphs in past games. In their place is a 26 hour game of hide-and-seek. Alien: Isolation focuses more so on stealth tactics and the methods of deception in order to accomplish your goals. There's absolutely no way to kill the Alien with any items you find, so the game forces you to move carefully from room to room, using any cover or hiding spots you can find. While it may seem easy to just be patient, the more you wait, the more the Alien learns and the easier it is for it to find you. Sometimes hiding in a locker and holding your breath will allow you to slip by undetected, but if you use this tactic too often, the Alien figures it out and rips the door off and.. well.. you know the rest. Though I did feel the gameplay could use a few improvements. For one, the Androids on the ship didn't really feel necessary as they only felt like a place-filler whenever the Alien wasn't present and they certainly weren't nearly as interesting. Another issue I had was with the movement of the character herself. The crouching speed is incredibly slow compared to usual stealth game standards, which makes sneaking up on enemy humans/androids without them turning around close to impossible. I also feel the hint that the game gives you about sitting back inside lockers and holding your breath is not nearly clear enough. It took me several attempts just to read what the hint was saying before the Alien ripped the door off and chewed on my face. Other than these small issues, the game itself is incredibly immersive and really does make you feel like you are in the classic 1979 horror masterpiece.On a technical level; the graphics and sound design are beautiful in this game. It is incredibly clear that the developers of Alien: Isolation absolutely love their source material and have meticulously recreated the exact same atmosphere that individuals experienced back in the theatre. Lights slowly flicker as they turn on, old green CRT monitors buzz and shake,  and the Alien can always be heard thumping around in the vents above you, ready to jump down at completely random intervals. The actual visuals are gorgeous with light being reflected and refracted off of steam that slowly flows out of vents in the wall, and the slow burning at the end of your flamethrower shedding only a minuscule comfort of light against the sides of the vents you hope are safe. The only real technical issue I can find with the game is it's lackluster human character animations. They feel very stiff and unrealistic. Thankfully, the star of the show looks phenomenal. The Alien will slowly coil itself as it rolls out of a cieling vent and slunks to the floor, only to quickly raise it's head and begin stomping down the hallway, now and again stopping to stair mysteriously down a hall. You can never tell what the Alien is going to do next and it makes your movement choices even more horrifying. The AI for the Alien is done perfectly and not once in my 26 hours of play time did I notice any AI glitches that killed the immersion. Creative Assembly made entirely sure that both the environment and the creature itself are as genuine as the movie, and it shows perfectly.Now in terms of story, it's pretty straight forward horror/Alien style storyline. The only issue I had with it is that the characters aren't very memorable and it's incredibly hard to even piece together what the story is when you're constantly logging off of computers as you're in the middle of an email only because you heard the Alien thumping around outside of the room you were in. There's tons of hidden messages, ID tags, and email messages that piece together survivor stories of both the Nosostromo (from the movie) and the Sevastopol (the massive space station setting of the game itself), so those willingly to sit there and read the emails to get more out of the story are certainly welcome to try, but the game certainly doesn't appear to encourage it considering the gameplay doesn't freeze when you're reading computer screens or rewiring panels. So to summarize, the story's good from what I was able to make out from it. There's plenty of fan appeal with all kinds of recreated experiences straight from the movie to keep anyone with even a remote interest in the Alien series happy.So to wrap this all up, Alien Isolation is a fantastic work of art that successfully recreates the exact tension (and maybe even more so) as the original Ridley Scott film. The graphics are fantastic and the Alien certainly steals the show with unpredictable AI and incredible attention to detail. The game can be quite difficult to most, but as long as you're careful and avoid making stupid movement choices and use your scarce resources wisely, you should be able to make it in one piece. I personally played it on the hardest difficulty and was only killed by the Alien throughout the 26 hours around 20 some times. The game even features plenty of bonus levels and challenges to keep you occupied if you haven't had enough after the lengthy campaign, which is great for replay value. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys stealth, horror, and obviously to ANYONE who has ever enjoyed ""Alien."""
,Not Recommended,214490,12575128,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Harlack,"Incredibly repetitive gameplay, an atmosphere that relies on nostalgia rather than mystery, a monster that looks like a doofy muppet, and incredibly repetitive gameplay.Never has a Door Opening Simulator been so boring.Previously Recorded - Alien Isolation Video Review"
76561197965934824,Recommended,214490,12623850,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,BLACKWULF359,"Just got this, looks good so far.. Haven't come across any baddies yet and I've jumped a few times."
76561198040739640,Recommended,214490,12473259,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,GREEN CARD,I was slightly disappointed when I found out this game wouldn't have multiplayer. This really has some multiplayer potential. But aside from that this is a very solid game that you could definitely play through more than one
76561198040266430,Not Recommended,214490,22431205,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KILLFACE,i THOUGHT IT WAS A FPS i COULD THROW A FEW SPARE HOURS INTO... I WAS SOO WRONG! WHAT A LOAD OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197974711223,Not Recommended,214490,24281154,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Walkin Boss,"Why is this ""game"" supposed to be fun?  It takes far to long for anything to actually happen.  Also, the game seems to be noting but a series of ""turn on the power"" nonsense.The writing is terrible as is the voice acting in most cases.Boring as hell, don't waste your time or your money, thankfully I only wasted $7 on this rubbish.Go watch the movie instead."
76561198161662457,Not Recommended,214490,19387771,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Mesho,"Very boring and Bad game, unplayable."
,Recommended,214490,24876042,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mclovin,"Based on the 1979 classic ALIENS, Alien Isolation does an amazing job with the story, characters and such more.oh my god though i mean like what the mcdonald, the jumpscares from the aliens scared the mcshit outta me!"
76561198052251167,Recommended,214490,24840927,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,mattgroom,"The game pure survival.You know how you play games and they say they are survival because you can die. Thats not a survival game. Being hunted is a survival game. Be quiet, be very very quiet and hide, and creep around.If you havent watched the movie Alien, go and watch the movie by yourself late at night first, then the game.I bought this game for $12, 66% discounted, worth every penny. My alternative was wait for no mans sky. But I had a feeling that would be sh..t when it was to be released in 3 days. I was right.Bugged on mission 9 for me, searched forums check cache from properties in steam, once checked reloaded gamne and was fine.So far 9/10The heart really does get shocked. Play it on Hard level to begin with that is where it is supposed to be played.You know things are bad when you are hiding in a small closet have a drink and put it down quietly as the alien goes passed in the Rector.For 39 hours play in Hard start to Finish, I can say wow scary sh/..tUnfortunatley after your first run through on hard there is no replayability on ultrahard.  You die a lot and therefore it is really just a rinse and repeat. Oh well I died again game. So the hardest level needs to be removed, no point. You really don't get the same sense of death if you die too much. The shock of the Alien getting you is what it is about. Having 2 aliens chasing you at times makes it interesting."
76561198298595468,Not Recommended,214490,34765588,Posted: 5 September,all,Hourless,"Pro's:-Intense Atmosphere-Great soundtracks-Graphics are amazingCon's:-Very slow game to begin with, you won't pick up your first gun for some time-The stealth in the game is questionable-Finding the story quite boring, keep in mind this is coming from someone that's never watched the movie-The first gun they give you has little to no affect on the first enemies you face-The combat is a mess and glitchy eg. Got caught by a robot was spamming the key and it wouldn't release me-No Autosave feature, I get it's a horror game but there should of been a choice in settings to enable/disable this. Many people will get turned off by this since you can only manual save at certain points."
,Not Recommended,214490,34748546,Posted: 4 September,all,Dusty,its extremely boring and way too hard to be enjoyable
76561198112951016,Recommended,214490,28214182,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Jer Jer Bonks,"Playing on Nightmare Difficulty:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsx2vdn7gpYGAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER"
76561198067753145,Recommended,214490,12448417,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,saaf bruv,"Love the graphics, atmosphere, and sound. If you loved the alien series, you have to give it a try."
76561197972130020,Not Recommended,214490,29066862,Posted: 6 January,all,Regulas,"Don't like it. First off it's linear and the first hard spot you have 4 humans to try and get around somehow, very frustrating. Frustration is not fun. I play games to have fun not get frustrated by AI on easy mode to try and get past them or maybe hit them unconscious is very hard. Luckily I picked this up cheap on sale, don't think I will finish this frustrating slow grind."
,Not Recommended,214490,27696721,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,olivercolquhoun95,"Really enjoying it so far however the game wont stop crashing every 20 minutes even though I have the latest gtx drivers for my gtx 1070. The only solution I can find is to downgrade drivers to 2014 ones which I shouldnt have too. i really want to play and love this game, its so fun when it works but the crashes should have been fixed by now its such a let down :("
76561198010522529,Not Recommended,214490,28972406,Posted: 3 January,all,Armeni,"I bought this game once already on the PS4, but it was plagued with frame rate issues, particularly during cutscenes.  I found this to be incredibly annoying and immersionp ruining, so I stopped playing it only after an hour or so.I recently bought the game again on PC during the Steam Winter Sale in the hopes of better performance.  Obviously, due to the massively better specs of my PC and laptop over my PS4 (i7 3770k and i76700HQ respectively, both with GTX 1070s and >16GB RAM running on Windows 10) the game looks gorgeous and runs at a stable 60FPS at 1080p.The reason I cannot recommend this game is that even after two full years of massive performance issues on the PC related to crashes, the developer has not yet been able to fix the issue.  Many of the fixes for this game involve editing Steam files, fiddling with languages, or turning off odd combinations of graphical settings - none of these options have worked for me.  I'm currently at 60 minutes played, but I'm barely past the 15 minute mark due to how many times my game has crashed and I have had to restart while trouble shooting the problems.So far the crashes I have experience have been:1) Crashing before loading a save;2) Crashing after leaving a specific room early in the game; and3) Crashing after climbing down a ladder in the above mentioned room.I understand that different hardware and software configurations can throw a wrench in a games performance, but after two solid years of opportunity to fix the multiple issues that are game breaking and seemingly nigh impossible to solve, I can't in good faith recommend this title.This game has received excellent reviews from multiple sites and users, but those were the lucky ones who magically had the game work for them without issue; suffered through frame rate and graphical issues on consoles; or spent the ridiculous amount of time and effort trouble shooting it on their PC.  Unless you're willing to put in the hours of trouble shooting, or are just feeling lucky, I recommend you steer clear of this game, or at the very least ensure you don't exceed the 2 hour mark so you can refund after the inevitable game breaking bugs."
,Recommended,214490,24327176,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tarn,"Finally an Alien game done right!  Perfect mix between suspense, stealth, and action.  Just watch out for those hallways, they are OP! :D"
,Not Recommended,214490,29403016,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"Alien: Isolation starts out with great graphics and atmosphere, and is undoubtedly a scary game. However, mission after mission always boils down to the same few basic actions, and the repetition becomes unbearably grindy. If you don't mind doing the same ""go from point a to point b while avoiding the bad guys"" song and dance a few dozen times, then you will absolutely enjoy this game! Otherwise, maybe you should decide if the price is worth only a few hours of good playtime."
76561198020927347,Not Recommended,214490,22316203,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,igi,"Disapointed, its still like go left, go right, take this, take that. Total consoles crap. Dont buy this if you are PC player. Worst ""game"" ever, wasted money."
,Recommended,214490,34673911,Posted: 1 September,all,"e~!<r""""r{|_o{}\_r- ~",Dis game be amazing I reccomend because alien is scary.
76561198188784446,Not Recommended,214490,29433728,Posted: 22 January,all,dnc,"I used to play this a game a lot. And I recommended it.But then SEGA goes EA on us and the developers pretend they aren't responsible.But all I do is think about it and what it could have been if the PC Industry hadn't turned into a bunch of cowardly retractors that didn't let go of what they were trying to do.This game needed Ridley Scott during his Alien/Blade Runner days; That guy took on Warner Bros. head-on and kept them at bay until the Film was done they way he envisioned it no matter what the cost and what it took to achieve it.Remembering something from 1982 or 1979 and persisting to this day in trashing every single film of its genre 3 decades later should be a poster every game developer should stick on their wall before they tread wearily into the Games Industry.Alien: Isolation's developer took on that history and fu-cked it, adding to an already worn out line of failures."
76561197970739839,Not Recommended,214490,33011157,Posted: 29 June,all,Famine,"Sadly, this game suffers from progress-blocking technical problems. fairly late in the game, at the reactor level, the elevator refuses to load the next area to continue the game. worse, from threads on the steam forum it seems this has been an ongoing issue for years."
76561198088257206,Recommended,214490,15069671,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,_Hektic_,uuuggghhhhits soo gooood
76561198139154430,Recommended,214490,32523438,Posted: 17 June,all,QWERTY,.
,Recommended,214490,32521692,Posted: 17 June,all,Shiifty ツ,2 Spooky 4 Me
,Recommended,214490,33466472,Posted: 11 July,all,Miki,"Wow.Wow.What an amazing game.This game is a mix of amnesia the dark descent and dead space 2, which are both one of my favorites.at some points my heartrate went crazy.The working joes were really annoying at some point when they take away your guns and you have to maneuver around them.The scariest parts were the nests, that place ♥♥♥♥ed me up.The story was lame, should've made happen that some kind of mercenary team came afterawhile and tried to capture the alien or save people and the whole thing went ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Brb watching alien and aliens again9.5'/10"
,Recommended,214490,12426746,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,shockslayer84,"This is such a good game!  So immersive and scary and the best game to play with headphones at night and an Oculus Rift (if you have one)!  Reminds me of Doom 3 which I absolutely loved!  Thank you Sega, this was worth the wait!  PS - Sigourney Weaver is a badass!"
,Recommended,214490,12393740,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ArmagoN,My pants are now full of♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,214490,15115191,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,unclepeyj,Played it on EASY. Even like that was pretty scray!
,Recommended,214490,18200182,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Sunder,When I play this game I feel like I am back in 90s and watching another Aliens movie.. all first time thrills and space tech and omfg an alien to go with it!!!
,Recommended,214490,25457092,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DocCovington,"There are a few things that are almost ruining the game for me:1. You can't jump, which is ridiculous with all the obstacles and the junk lying around.2. Invisible walls, further limiting your movement.3. Very slow running speed (snore).4. You can't save at any given time, which can be quite annoying in certain RL situations.Apart from that, there hasn't been another well programmed Alien game before that captures the tense atmosphere and suspense of the first two movies as authentically as this one does.I haven't played through the whole game yet, but I am looking forward to the Ellen Ripley DLC."
,Recommended,214490,20626127,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Godislove4u,this is one of the most realistic and scariest oculus rift experinces with minor setup procedures it will freak u out i love people because Jesus loves me
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,214490,21753611,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,"This game failed, The gameplay was a dance with a ceiling monster which you could glitch about but it was so boring i had to give it up, Without seeing the Alien for most of the game by doing the dance glitch nothing but androids oh wow."
,Not Recommended,214490,15069915,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,prelyt,I was really looking forward to playing this game but I have spent over an hour today just trying to get to the first mission. Everytime I load the game it crashes and I have to restart. Did I just buy an unplayable game?
,Not Recommended,214490,32210465,Posted: 5 June,all,Repoman,"The fact that the alien has to use gimmicky tactics does not make it any fun. Its honestly not a scary game, more frustrating than anything else. I spent more time running away from enemies, rather than hiding from them since I did not see the point. The save feature in the game is annoying too. I get that its trying to be retro, but I honestly prefer a game with a decent autosave feature."
,Not Recommended,214490,30397494,Posted: 8 March,all,DEZ,"This is a very well crafted AAA game that looks incredible.I suppose I can't hide my disappointment with it though.  I am very rarely excited to play a game and I had been very excited to play Alien: Isolation for well over a year before buying it, after I had read how much amazing work had been put into the Alien's AI.   It can smell you, it can hear you, it remembers, etc etc...I couldn't wait to pit myself against this unusally intelligent, merciless beast.Now, there IS an alien in the game, but the truth is that mostly what you will be doing is avoiding and navigating around these incredibly annoying androids.   The game is freightening at moments, which is great, but Alien: Isolation is much more about navigating these dumb androids:  avoiding, hiding, banging on their heads.. over and over and over again until they flop over.  They truly suck.Combine this with a story that in my view requires a handful of stupid-pills to accept, that I guess I just have to recommend a pass on this one.  I really really wanted to like this game, but there just isn't that much 'alien' in it.I should also note that I didn't finish the game,  after about 5 levels I decided this was more 'work' than 'play' and wasn't enjoying it enough to justify how much time it was taking me to play through it, and I quit out, for good."
,Recommended,214490,12391666,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,popperr61,"Great job, Creative Assembly,Thank you, Sega, for not messing this up,♥♥♥♥ you, gearbox."
76561197970764953,Not Recommended,214490,30823715,Posted: 29 March,all,KiwiWarlord,"Was a lot of hype around this but the gameplay is pretty average at best, years behind other games. Was overpriced at the time of release and still at over $50 is overpriced. 5 / 10 - I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,214490,18986918,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,CaptainSarcastic,"The game just is a draining slog of trying to figure out where you are supposed to go and dying repeatedly without being able to do much of anything about it.  I've put just over 9 hours into it, and I think I am about done.  Not being able to tell where I am supposed to go, and having to take forever to get anywhere only to be killed far past one of the infrequent save points is an exercise in frustration.  It frankly baffles me that this got so many good reviews."
,Recommended,214490,22808261,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Satsujinki,"I just♥♥♥♥♥♥my pant and decide to uninstall this game. Now I'm sitting, waiting for Outlast 2. I would prepare for medic pack, roll toilet papers, and my pony horse. This is what I am preparing."
76561198004277432,Not Recommended,214490,22790880,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Purevil,"Huge time waste of time, which be ok if it were actually fun. You just hide, and hide and hide and hide, in the end the alien still finds you and you start over because game saves are infrequent and especially difficult if there is an enemy near. When hiding, even if you hold your breath and lean back (which are options that you get last second) when the alien is close you are still usually out of luck. Although, you are on a huge space station with hundreds of people on it the one alien is always following you and shows up at just the wrong moment every time, predictably. If the dreary repeditiveness of all that weren't enough in its own right, virtually every other aspect of the game is uinteristing and lacking substantive gameplay. How could anyone think it is fun when you spend all of your time waiting, litterally doing nothing as everything attracts the alien and then imediately die from basically everything. You cant fight, you cant run, but you can craft essentially useless items from garbage you collect though."
76561197984353599,Not Recommended,214490,24282239,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Mr Tuvok,"I guess the graphics and atmosphere is good, but there are two things about this game that doesnt work well with me at all.1. You can not choose your own controlls2. The character moves reluctantlyWhen 2016 you should be able to pick your own keys for moving arround and perform actions. Having a set of keys forced upon you in a FPS game feels ancient (but since it appears to be a port from a concole they never cared to fix it)I do not belong to the group of players that embrace that acceleration-simulatur of the characters movements. The characters feels extremely uncomfortable moving arround. In my opinion that creates a feeling of being detached from the character. I want the character to react when I do, now it feels like I am manouvering a clumsy robot.These two things completely ruins the gameplay in my opinion, else this could have been a very good game."
76561197993512705,Not Recommended,214490,17331002,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Copper,"Simply one of the best Alien games ever created. It's easily noticable how much attention and love the developers have put into it. If you want to feel yourself ""playing"" the first Alien back in 1979-this is great for it. Unfortunately the game suffers from some serious problems. First of all, there are bugs, a lot of them, the game is not so well optimized. For example, starting at some point, your attempt to load the last saved game will cause the game to freeze, you gonna have to restart it over and over again. Considering that you gonna die a lot, and believe me, you will, this is a serious problem that will probably drive you nuts, so a lot of nerves are gonna be wasted. Second, there are some very weird design decisions going on in this game. I have no idea, whos idea it was that you can't just pick up a gun from the first dead body you make, because you are only supposed to find your first firearm in a specific place... That's just really weird, personally i don't understand things like that. No stealth kills, which is weird too for a game like that, the Alien itself is immortal, can't be killed with anything, even a flamethrower, even a bomb that will kill androids... Now spoiler, after all the hiding, dying, surviving, all the wasted nerves, you don't even get the satisfaction of killing the Alien, yes, you won't be seeing the ♥♥♥♥er that unpunishably bothered you so much being blown up, squashed, pressurized, burned or destroyed any other way, so don't expect to be treated. That's really disappointing. Safe stations sometimes are very far from one another, especially it's frustrating when you have done a lot since the last time you saved, then you die and must go all that long way again. The Alien itself might seem to be ""cheating"". It always knows where you are, always stalks the area where you are in; it can often appear from a vent right in front of you for no reason. A lot of backtracking, 1 really really really plain stupid achievement. In general, a great game for Alien fans that is unfortunately ruined by a lot of fatal bugs and glitches that sometimes can make the playing process literally unbearable, debatable and sometimes just unlogical gesign decisions and lots of unnecessary backtracking. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,214490,15218370,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Reignswolf,"Personally, I think this game's over-rated. I found it long, tedious, boring, and not scary.For the first hour or two, I found it somewhat intriguing. But afterwards it felt like the same thing over and over again. Hack a computer, pull a few levers, start up a generator. I wasn't even really trying after a while. The only reason I took the effort to actually beat the game is so I could see if it got better. There is SOME scenes where they introduce new things and it's interesting for the next 10 minutes or so, but always reverts back to the same ""run here, do this, run over there, do that"" feeling. Without any real substance. I honestly maybe only used a locker 2x to hide from the Alien. Other than that, once you learn how close/far you can get and what you can do, he really isn't that much of an obstacle.I find too that the human AI is somewhat unrealistic. Sure, there's a reason to be on edge, I get that. But more than once have I experience the Alien roaming around killing the AI humans, and the humans continue to try to kill me meanwhile the Alien is right in their line of sight. It ruins the immersion. The Alien AI is done well enough, and gets the job done. I found the Androids also fairly bland, but that could be because my entire experience was fairly boring to me.I see that this game is much better than any other Alien game release, and brings a new idea to the table, but I don't think it's executed very well. The ENTIRE IDEA is good, BUT, the game drags on and ends predictably how you think it will. I felt like this game should've only been a solid 6-8 hours of quality gameplay, but instead it's stretched to 10-12. It felt like I seen the same thing over and over again. Alien, Panels, Levers, rinse and repeat.It's obviously not popular to downvote this game, but I think I would've appreciated a review like this one before purchasing the game. The only negative reviews normally contain that the Alien AI is flawed - which I personally didn't really have any problems with.+ Graphics were done very well.+ The sound was done very well.+ The weapon/gadgets were done fairly well.+ The effects/animations were done fairly well.+ The environment was immersive.- Some scenes you're forced to walk (which takes forever)- The game used the same mechanics over and over.- Objectives were predictable and tedious.- Human AI was unrealistic at times.- Stealth mechanics don't feel fully utilised.- Story felt like it dragged on."
76561198016129633,Recommended,214490,18417277,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,"One of the best survival horror games I've played. The atmosophere is very immersive, makes you feel like in the movies. 10/10"
76561197970567501,Not Recommended,214490,29839165,Posted: 10 February,all,Tyrant,"""Ai.exe has stopped working"" error. I've tried checking the files, nothing was found. Reinstalled, same problem. Tried ""fixes"" listed on google searches, still no change. There are apparently numerous people that have had issue with this game since 2015.. Please research before purchasing. Such a disappointment because it appeared to have potential."
,Not Recommended,214490,25172899,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,RadioG00se,"I want to like this game, but playing it just feels like a chore. While hiding from the alien is suspenseful and fun at first, it quickly becomes boring once you figure out how it works. Hide in one room until the alien disappears, then move into the next and repeat the process. The alien does keep you in constant suspense, but once you die to it more than a few times it stops playing like a horror game and more like a rhythm game, miss one step and you die. It might be fun for some people, but I personally don't like this kind of game and so I can't recommend it."
76561198087344771,Not Recommended,214490,22331698,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,edg_ramos,"Too hard, the powerless feeling is overwhelming, wish I could sell this game"
,Not Recommended,214490,21465751,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tashurthan,Too spooky to finish.
,Not Recommended,214490,24096939,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Robert What,"""It's something,"" as they say. Nice shiny floors and good ambient sound - but overall a boring slog fest through samey environments while being hunted by passive-aggressive toasters with glowing eyes. And some of the acting is cringe worthy. That the game's even better with the alien.bml ""no alien"" mod says something about the A.I and design of this cynically padded-out space walking sim. Watch the original movie instead with a bag of salted caramel popcorn and a cold Japanese import beer. I plan to do just that ;-)"
76561198014421434,Not Recommended,214490,30158889,Posted: 24 February,all,dcon88,"So I bought this game on  Steam sale two years after release.  I heard many reviews from awful to amazing and needed to experince it for myself.  Its a beautiful game no doubt.  The art team totally captured the retro-future look of the 1979 film although some the assets don't really hold up in First Person.  Many of the knobs and switches are missing normal maps and texture detail and look really unfinished but the lighting and atmosphere more than make up for it.  As nice as the art is though the gameplay is absolutely terrible.  This is easily the most tedious and dull gaming experience I've had in a long time.  I've wanted to like this game but the more I play the more I just hate it. Three hours in and after getting killed for the third time by androids because my character can't traverse an ankle deep depression in the floor and has weapons that do absolutely nothing I have to call it quits on this thing. The stealth mechanics are a mystery and are inconsistant from one encounter to the next, the mini games for hacking are a bore and encountering the Alien means either insta-death or nothing at all happens with no real rhyme or reason.  I asked a friend if the game gets any different beyonfd this point and I was told no. This is it for 10+ more hours.  Crawling around and opening doors until the heavily scripted Alien finds you kills you and you have to repeat the same sequence again and hope the Alien ""decides"" not to kill you the next time.  How is this even remotely enjoyable?  And I don't get the ""tension"" and ""fear"" everyone is talking about. The only thing frightening about this game is the thought of having to play it again.  If this didn't have the Alien IP   no one would give this thing a positive review.  It just flat out sucks."
,Not Recommended,214490,19107251,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,wroter,"Take a look at the ""Game of the Year"".http://imgur.com/CmDBDiYhttp://imgur.com/i06bBxyhttp://imgur.com/gRwj5f8Reminder: This is the same title that was awarded to Half Life 2, and Skyrim.Spawn errors. Map loading errors. Alien getting stuck on doorframes and doing a shimmy shake dance in mid-air. Enemies can't follow you into vents. Androids are scarier than the Alien because they can't be scared off like a frightened deer because you made a loud noise or shot some fire at it.A game which is barely held together with twine and chewing gum, where the atmosphere is constantly killed dead by loading issues, bugs, and of course magical floating motion trackers. Where the Alien in ""Alien Isolation"" has only ever killed me once, but getting my character model stuck on an opening door and pansily slapped to death by robots has killed me more times than I can count.This is what you deem the best game made this year. I can practically hear the money changing hands, Sega. It's disgusting."
,Recommended,214490,24727658,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,BoromiRofGeo,y
76561197989054556,Not Recommended,214490,24825656,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,wards win games,Started out pretty interesting and fun but I soon got tired of the gameplay. Played 3.8 hours in total and feel no motivation at all to play any more.
,Recommended,214490,31693310,Posted: 11 May,all,Assassingamer7,RUN BOY RUN
,Recommended,214490,12400914,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,OliverPlotTwist,no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no too bloody scary-Plot 2014
76561198006897058,Recommended,214490,13870202,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,bigbadscorp,"This game is amazing I can't recommend it enough, Especially if you are a fan of System Shock and Bioshock.imo this was game of the year 2014"
,Not Recommended,214490,22950801,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,isysdamn,meh.
,Not Recommended,214490,24931223,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gregg,Get's boring pretty fast
76561197970393678,Not Recommended,214490,24920063,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ROF_Mailee,"Be prepared to die.....a LOT. The premise of this game is brilliant. Set some time after the first Alien movie, you play Ripleys daughter in trying to find out what happened only to be stranded yourself. You have to rely on stealth and the ability to knock up some, somewhat, useful items, like noisemakers, emp grenades etc. The problem is, the game is unforgiving. You will die so many times that the game eventually doesn't make you scared, it just downright, pisses you off. The lack of save points is horrible as you cannot even save between points on the map. You might see the save point and just reach it when..BAM...you get wiped out by either a gaggle of synthetics or a spike through the chest. You will then have to start all over again from the last save point which is very bloody frustrating. I have owned this game now for a number of months and have resigned myself to the fact that I just can be arsed to finish it any more as all it now does is wind me up so much. It's gone beyond the point of scary or suspensful and is now at the point of ""I wish I had never bought the damn game""On a positive note, the game is well produced and looks beautiful. The voice acting is top notch and seems to follow canon. Other than that, save your money and avoid unless it drops to a fiver in price."
,Not Recommended,214490,24540086,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,bitterologist,"I really wanted to like this game. I love the atmosphere, the visuals and sound design. They really get that 1970s scifi look right, the voice acting is if not always great at least servicable. In other words, it has a lot going for it. And then it becomes tedious.I never got that far into it, never got past that first part where you're supposed to sneak past a group of people. There are power terminals you can hack, but it is never explained what you should try to achieve. The patroling humans can spot you from a mile away, and all have guns. Like, what is this? Why am I sneaking around trying to figure out what I'm supposed to do and getting shot by other humans in an Alien game? After dying a bunch of times, I just couldn't be bothered anymore."
76561198006738149,Not Recommended,214490,19241532,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Lapin Logic,This game is utter rubbish!!! I've only ever played one game as bad as this one.
76561198042100485,Not Recommended,214490,15126519,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Doctor.Who,UPDATE REVIEW. first let me say do you enjoy getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to the point were you want to break your computer cause the game pisses you off  this is the game for you second  do you enjoy games were the first 5-7 hours of game paly you do nothing but mindless task a monkey could figure out . 3rd do you enjoy  dieing over and over and ove and over lets make this short 100 overs  yep that is right you die alot  there is even a steam acheivement for so many deaths  wow  never got that in a game befor  oh and not to metion the first to 5-7 hours you have no weapons so your just a mouse  were everything hates you and wants to kill you suggestion be carful with computers  the alien really likes to kill you when you get on a computer. no place is safe to hide from the alien it will find you  i think ripley is on the rag for how easy it finds her and kills her.  but wait if you hide uder a tqabel on normal mode it will walk by were you can follow it around  like you are the huter tell it smells that blood and turns around and kills you  oh wait flamthrower  i scared it ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it ran away. same can be done with pipe bombs. Now the real reason why this game pisses me of   this is not a task in the game using a  example. Ripley your taks is to find  the alien  you find it  oh wait ripley you are on the rag  you need to go to canteen to get some tampons . ok i am here  what i cant get tampons cause the tampon machine is broke . taks updated you need to get some  parts ok go to this area now. ok i am here what the alien is the blocking it  dam i am dead  start all over cause lack of saves this must be very important  to get them tampons cause befor that lots of saves. get back to spot scare alien  off task updated alien ate your parts  you need to go get hemroid cream to trap alien  what the hell  ijust want my tampons . ok got hemroid cream now  oh dam  i am not on the rag any mnoer why do i need tampons again. moral of the game♥♥♥♥♥♥you off it gets old easy to figure out your main task will turn inot 50 more task befor you get the main task done and the you will die every 5 min  oh and this game did not scare me just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off  i think it is all most done but i am sure there will be another 40 taks  tell it is done . my funny review
76561198014136895,Not Recommended,214490,15583126,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Necromancer,This game is super boring.
,Not Recommended,214490,21823720,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,CrowBar,"half an hour in jack♥♥♥♥♥♥has happend, slow tedious gameplay... wondering when the fun starts.4/10 - mostl likly refunding this"
,Not Recommended,214490,17588615,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,suicidal.banana,"Sorry but what a crappy game..- Movement trough the world is akward to say the least.- Everything comes down too 'search for X' and even then its unclear what to do/where to go most of the time.- Theres no proper background story, i know Alien movies, but why are people shooting me? Weird.- Stealth is a joke, you can crouch right next to a human and he wont spot you, stand and he sees you from a mile away, crouch at a random 'hotspot' and they see you from 5 miles away.- Sat trough two hours of this nonsense, have yet to see Alien, very dissapointing. Even tried to make lots of ruckus, in every area visited so far, nothing.Im halfway trough mission 3 now appearantlly (had to look at a friggin walktrough to be able to advance) and dont think i will play it again, im counting this to be my worst purchase of the latest steam sale."
,Not Recommended,214490,24681215,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SPAGHETTI_XTREME,"A staggeringly astonishing game world, overflowing with detail and care to the source material, with gameplay that won't let you enjoy it. That's what Alien: Isolation is like.Isolation's gameplay just doesn't work. At all. At least, not for long after it introduces itself. There's the Alien, the Alien is a walking failure condition made of terrifying death, and at first that's freaking amazing and worthy of praise. The thing scares the hell out of you and turns this into an intense hide-under-the-desk simulator, which I mean in the best way possible.But then the developers ride with the formula of ""avoid the Alien"" for most of the entire game. When they're not riding that, they're going with weird ""avoid the androids"" FPS-like gameplay that doesn't really work, either.You have no idea how much I wanted to just enjoy the atmosphere in a way that balanced out being an authentic Alien experience (which it does do) and being enjoyable (which it doesn't do). Having opportunities to explore the whole space station, everything that it had in it, because I was in love with the stupid thing. But the game doesn't let you. Even on the easiest difficulty, that Alien starts to get on your nerves as much as it frightens you, because once it hears, sees, or freaking smells you, you're done. You're dead. You're reloading your last save. There's no way around it. And it moves randomly in almost completely unpredictable directions for no apparent reason, which doesn't help, because it just makes the Alien look stupid, not in any way goal-oriented or intelligent manner--much less, the ""perfect organism"" it should be.Alien: Isolation is a beautiful, top-of-its-class experience at first. It makes you want to yell, ""YES. YES. THEY MADE UP FOR COLONIAL MARINES. THEY ACTUALLY SAVED THE FRANCHISE."" But the gameplay just doesn't let you enjoy almost any of it due to the random nature of the Alien, its primary gameplay mechanic, and the fact that it's totally unpredictable, but in a way that's frustrating, not thrilling or exciting. The game gets progressively worse as it goes on until it infuriates you, and you might lose interest before you get to its conclusion."
76561198024312223,Not Recommended,214490,27629592,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,grumpyfool,find the way the devs want you to solve and enjoy entirely predictable cut scenes
,Not Recommended,214490,27629985,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shap7ShifTR,"Game is ruined by unneccesarily difficult and lazuy things. Most of my times was comsumed by trying to find where to go. Game does not always helpful in that respect. Tools and weapons are not useful at all. Even reloaing a gun is painful. Every time I hit the reload button, it reloads only one bullet. Game save system is disasterous. Also game has some bugs. It did not recognized RT botton on my Xbox One Controller. Game becomes boring and frusturating after palying a while. Not recommended."
76561197995141244,Not Recommended,214490,28996971,Posted: 3 January,all,Big Willie Style,"The simplest way I can put it? If you like Penumbra you will like Alien: Isolation. If not, you won't. Both are very highly rated games and are respectable for the genre they fill but it wasn't my cup of tea. I was a huge fan of the AvP series and should have read a bit more into this. If you are not familier with Penumbra it and A:I are survival horror type of games. Instead of getting a BFG and blowing your way through levels with sawed off shotguns packed with double aught buck you tip toe around a space station while not trying to get stabbed or shot in the back. You'll find do-dads scattered throughout each level to eventually get access to a new area and rinse/repeat this process while dodging bad guys to the end."
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,214490,17017118,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Well... you may like it if you're a hardcore Alien series fan. However, after the rave reviews, and given the cost of this game, I expected much more. But at it's core it's simply a very hard stealth/survival game, and there will be very little you havent seen before. Just another franchise implementation, basically zero innovation.First thing you'll notice is that there's no jump, i.e. your character can't even climb over a 2 foot obstacle. Level design and Mission resolution seems pretty linear, with very few options available to the player, which makes it feel pretty forced. You just have to try and try again until you find that single solution which will allow you to progress. Brain-dead savepoint based save systems, infecting the game design since the early console games - but in this case its even more annoying than usual.Due to the annoying save system, the high difficulty level, and the outdated level design, I didn't nearly enjoy this games as much as I had hoped and expected.Also, as opposed to most other stealth games, violence as last resort only works against human opponents.Given the cost, this is not recommended."
76561197994224400,Not Recommended,214490,20096895,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Narbat,"I have mixed feelings about this game.  On the one hand, it looks good. Very atmospheric, strongly reflects the visual aesthetics of the original Alien movie. Decent graphics and voice acting. On the other hand, it's constantly pulling me out of the immersion.Inconsistent tech level. They have androids that are outwardly indistinguishable from humans and can carry on fluent conversations, but the computer interfaces are all fuzzy green-on-black text? At least this one I can chalk up to emulating the source material. In 1979 those green-screen monitors were pretty high tech!Small crap on the floor that you can't move.  A lot of doors and hallways are blocked by small crates and boxes that any reasonably fit human should be able to easily move out of the way, but you can't. I understand the developers just want to make a more interesting environment, but maybe come up with a better excuse to block doors? Maybe they're welded shut. That'd even make sense on a space station that has a killer monster running around.You can't even jump or climb over the small crap on the floor. Hey, I'm completely blocked by this meter-high bench! Nope, can't climb over it. Can't just lift my foot to step on the seat.  Nope, may as well be a solid wall.Everyone, *EVERYONE* shoots on sight.  Parlay! PARLAY!  No dice. These people are stuck on a space station with a monster, you'd think at least one of them would be interested in helping the only person who has access to a ship to get them out of there.  (Okay, your new buddy Axel Exposition is interested, but he doesn't last long.)Maybe I can make a distraction...  How about these bits of scrap I've been collecting? I can toss one across the room and... Wait, no, no I can't. There's no way to throw anything.  If I want to create a distraction I have to go rewire the place to activate a speaker or light or something.It's dark. I'll just use my handy flashlight and... WTF? The batteries are dead?  The flashlight batteries last 2 minutes.  120 seconds.  There's really no excuse for that. The devs are already limiting your use of the flashlight by making it attract enemies, why put such a harsh restriction on the time as well?  Sheesh, even in 1979 flashlight batteries lasted for hours.I *want* to like the game, but every time I start getting into it something stupid breaks the illusion. Maybe stealth games just aren't my bag."
,Not Recommended,214490,20177743,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,EgG,"A nice game, but laggy sometime...PS4 or Xbox ver. seems doesnt have that problem at all..."
,Recommended,214490,25498846,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Lance,this game gives me nightmares to this dayit good
,Recommended,214490,15060223,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Helping Hoof,Bought the game for the cone joke(https://youtu.be/RkHY2ksJqNQ)stayed cause my nerves died and I don't dare move from my shelter......someone help?
,Recommended,214490,22667528,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ftstani,I don't know why this game looks like it was set in the 1970's in space since Prometheus already retconned that. You've got huge monitors running DOS and there are more ash trays than fire extinguishers. But it delivers what it advertises I suppose.
76561198140346249,Not Recommended,214490,34750202,Posted: 4 September,all,xJustatin,♥♥♥♥♥JUEGO BUGEADO NO ME DEJA ESTRIMEARLO ME QUEDO BUG EN LOS PUTOS TRENES JODER
,Not Recommended,214490,34821519,Posted: 8 September,all,MikMeneer,"This is a really hard game to win, so if you like easy paced games, do not buy this (i am one of those people)."
76561198014880892,Not Recommended,214490,35402425,Posted: 1 October,all,silaris,游戏的美术设计上无可指摘，虽然不是顶尖水平，不过气氛烘托地很不错。可是作为一个游戏来说，必须拥有的互动性可以说是前所未有之差。这么说吧，这是个体验性的异形电影，并不能算是一个你想象中的游戏。
,Recommended,214490,14526864,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,CazAndrogyny,"I scared my nine year old daughter with this game, just like my Dad did to me with the original Alien movie. From the bottom of my heart, thank you Creative Assembly. 9/10"
76561198099206817,Not Recommended,214490,31083546,Posted: 11 April,all,Peter,"2/10I wanted to like Alien Isolation, but the game is just riddled with bad choices that shouldn’t have made it past the first Beta test let alone still be in the game more than two years after release.  Consequently the game is just tedious and frustrating.-There are way too many items to use and the selection system is clunky, even worse accessing it doesn’t even slow down combat, so you end up awkwardly scrabbling around trying to select items while getting beaten to death by androids.-The making items out of junk is cute, but in reality it just adds a tedious level of micromanaging.  We should just find these items readymade.-The map doesn’t make it clear where there are entrances and exits.  The map objective icon also shows up on multiple levels, which does nothing but create confusion!-The Alien isn’t fun to play against.  It’s always around, a lot faster, finds you easily and kills you instantly.  Hiding in cupboards all of the time and sneaking throughout the entire game isn’t fun!  And there was nowhere the alien couldn’t get you, so when I saw the alien I didn’t panic knowing I’d have to run for my life, I just  resigned myself for another insta death and the tedium of replaying the level.-The saving system is annoying.  Being forced to save at specific places is just irritating.  The game should just auto save periodically or once you reach objectives.  For me getting to the next save felt good simply because (on this level) I will never again have to repeat the tedious task of hiding in a box for ten minutes so I can gather all the bits of junk from the rooms (for the nth time!) before inexplicably receiving a insta-death."
,Not Recommended,214490,15215465,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:0/10Recommendation(s):Keep your luck, don't buy loto tickets. Game breaks under normal gameplay.Major Theme:Could have been nice..Bought at Price:$13.75 - 75% offThis game could have been nice, except now I'm stuck. It seems that there's a bug in which a door will not open to get to the Colonial Marine Bureau (Mission 12?).I've checked my ""motion scanner"" and determined that even if I was to go where it tells me, the door still will not open.Thanks to the stupid checkpoint save system, I would have to either restart the whole game or restart the whole ""mission"" (who knows where that is?).It had nice lighting…http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=416519603And then the bug happens:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=419925088I was going to finish the game and write a nice review about the lighting, and other things, but the bugs in the game were a lot more obvious.Besides the incompetence (who states vertical FOV and still not allow for 90 horizontal?), console optimizations, and poor AI (the humans and alien gang up on you, the alien sometimes will not kill every human),I cannot recommend a game in this day and age where a game breaks through normal play.It's unacceptable."
76561198032223537,Not Recommended,214490,25533788,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Rastakeb980,"Good game but the save system is a deal breaker for me. I can restart 20 times a hard part, but i don't want to do again 20 times the access to the hard part. It's just a waste of time and bothers me. I regret to have purchased the game due to this. Give me a quicksave option and i would have enjoyed it. Too bad..."
76561197970946345,Not Recommended,214490,14682526,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,captainvideo,"I did not like this game, although I am a fan of the movies, and the game does have some of the feel of the original film. The game itself is just not designed to be an actual game. It is more of a highly interactive movie. Each area is sort of a puzzle or a maze where you need to get to the end without getting killed. When you make a mistake, you die, and you have to go back to a save point and do it over. (and over and over) There is no fun in replaying the same area multiple times. I found the stealth sensitivity too difficult, and turned the game down to easy mode. If you play on higher skill levels, you cannot do anything more than crouch move through the whole map, or the alien will hear you and hunt you down. Easy mode is actually too easy to be fun, but you can at least finish the game without dieing ten times for each level. If you are a fan of the films and you can find this in the bargain bin, it might be worth a playthrough just to immerse yourself into that world. Just do not expect any great gameplay.  The game actually took me a few weeks to finish (20 hours of playtime) because I was very frustrated every time I played, and I would avoid going back to it. I only played the main story line, I think there is some kind of survival mode but I did not look at it."
,Not Recommended,214490,30959643,Posted: 5 April,all,Upy-Shoe,"Isolations biggest flaw is its punishment levels for doing /anything/ basicly. You're punished for doing pretty much ANYTHING in the game or making any sort of a impact on anything. You're just expected to crawl on the floor with your head down going "" sorry, sorry, sorry"""
,Not Recommended,214490,13583586,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,zparker,"I have witnessed too much shoddy AI behaviour for me to want to replay or recommend this game. If a patch fixes the bugs then yes, play it! It seemed like an intelligent searching AI when I began... then as I watched it did random things that really were pointless. Heck it once even walked right passed me on a map. On another map, while it was being shot by other humans, I was hiding in a locker (the acid blood hurting me through the locker as the alien was right in front of it), I accidently clicked my motion tracker - which makes noise. So the alien, who is still being shot at, instead of attacking the shooters, or fleeing, breaks open the locker to kill me.My biggest complaint about the AI? The teleporting...  I witnessed it multiple times on one map (oddly the same map where it ignored being shot at). First time and several other times I was again in that same wall locker, watching the saliva drip down from a vent...  And suddenly, while the salvia is still dripping he walks past the vent and wall locker... (I know he is in the vent because besides the dripping salvia he's killed me from that very vent). Same map, same area, he goes from that vent to come out of another vent (the one I used to get into the area) which had no connecting tunnels... and went around a corner... then came up behind me. I was in a dead end all, with no vent behind, below or above me. I witnessed a few other times he jump around.Good things for the game: visuals are beautiful. Stylistics are great. It has a good feel to it. Not as scary as I remember the original two AVP games when I played a Marine (you know where you feel under powered and out matched and expect to die). But much better than the last AVP and Colonial Marine games (though that is not saying much)."
,Not Recommended,214490,13876957,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Arterus,"I'm really glad people like this game. Above all, I'm glad for the fans of the movies, the die hards, who have found what they want in this game. I hold nothing against anyone who enjoys this game.I would never have written this review had I not seen this game pop up again and again in the top 10 of 2014.. At the NUMBER ONE slot again and again.PCGamerPlaystation MagazineTGN's tv adaption of the best games of 2014Now let me start by saying I possibly dont have the right to say too much in this review as I only played 4 hours of the game but I wanted to say 'something' because it hurts my brain that this game can be the top of so many official lists above such games as GTA5, The Last of Us, Far Cry4.. The list goes on!I know The last of us is an 'enhanced' edition... But the improvements in my opinion are enough to keep it in number one slot for 10 years - but thats just me.Lets talk about another game in the lists GTA5. In this game (minor spoilers ahead) you can Fly planes, drive boats, drive cars, use submersables (sp?), ride a trials bike up a mountain. Race almost all afforementioned vehicles, be a bus driver, go hunting, parachute out of planes, this list goes on...Then ADD to that the actual 'game' itself, which is one of the most stunning pieces of programming and attention to detail ever created... (No this is not a GTA5 review, this is just a taster of what GTA has to offer to emphasise my points)Alien Isolation is - (minor spoilers) A walking simulator. A 'Restore the power' game.After 4 hours of play I wanted the alien to get me! I wanted 'something' to happen I was so incredibly bored that I simply could not play any more!I'd backtracked over the same empty parts of the ship so often I was getting to know my way around. The only other thing I ever came across was hostile humans who wanted to kill me on sight! (which is also completely ridiculous!) This actually leads me to the worst part of the game for me. 'Stealth'...  You cant 'stealth' around anything! They see you and shoot you no matter HOW careful your being! Yet the alien can be right behind you and ducking into a locker is enough to confuse it!!??I'm sorry... I feel a rant coming on, and I'm going to stop there because I simply don't want to go that route.Just know, that in my 20+ years of PC gaming I have never felt so completely and utterly saddened that such a terrible game has garnered so much positive attention. Lets forget the Playstation and Xbox releases for a second and look at Farcry 4.. What a stunning accomplishment of first person action game that is! And yet Alien isolation beats it hands down all over... It's a sad day"
76561197992970282,Recommended,214490,12593855,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Denny Crane,"Of course Denny Crane loves this game. Guns, girls in their underwear and genuine fright. Not just your simple jump-scares, but actual horror. Buy this or forever be known as a namby-pamby.Denny Crane."
,Not Recommended,214490,28910985,Posted: 1 January,all,ｊｄ４０,Unplayable mouse controls
,Not Recommended,214490,20158524,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,That just happened,"I'll update this review once I've completed the game, but I can already say that this game is one of the worst and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ games I've ever played. This game is supposed to give you a feeling of fear and insecurity, but lame developers made it so that you only get anger and frustration. And those bugs starting from the very first level...DON'T BUY THIS LAME♥♥♥♥♥♥!!"
,Not Recommended,214490,19798093,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sysgen,What's with the immersion breaking save system in this game?   The game pauses and pulls you out and asks you every single time if it's OK to overwrite the one save file they allocate you.   I'm inserting my keycard to save.  Yes I want to overwrite you don't have to ask me.   Even more ludicrous is the fact that you can restore to one previous save back so why waste my time and break my immersion?Additionally the laziness in implementing the gui is galling and vastly apparent with immersion breaking tool tips and red Xs all over the environment.Gameplay tips like make sure you have a weapon loaded when I don't have a weapon yet?A.I. is abysmal.  Aggresive humans just follow each other to the same corner I've slaughtered the previous one with no attempt to flank.All this without even encountering the Alien yet.I'll revise later but not an encouraging start.  Hard to believe this is a Game of the Year candidate.
76561198210014724,Not Recommended,214490,18283885,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,DayF3,I didnt get my refund.
76561198064324096,Not Recommended,214490,28203602,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kaiser,"Alien: Isolationhttp://arstechnica.com/gaming/2014/10/alien-isolation-review-cold-harsh-and-unforgivable/I may not have written this, but this article shares alot of the same issues i face with this game.Alien: Isolation is first person stealth survival horror game made by Creative Assembly and published by Sega.Upon playing this game i was in awe at the design and atmosphere that surrounded me and the character models that stood in front of me. The graphics are top notch and deserve praise along with the lighting and sound desgin as i do believe they hold true to the films and makes one hell of an experience while roaming around ships and docks. The story starts off with the daughter of Ripley from the original Alien movies as she embarks on a journey to a nearby ship that holds a data recording from  the Nostromo, shes joined by two others on the voyage and soon meets trouble with an explosion leaving them all seperated. Its then up to her to find her crew and the Nostromo data while also avoiding a rather familiar Threat.What are the Pros?-Great soundtrack. The music is based upon the 1st film and really adds tension where tension is due.-The enviromental design is superb, it really makes you feel well...isolated and scared knowing that the alien could be lurking above you in the shadows waiting to pick you off or maybe just toy with you letting out hiss's while slowly searching every room for you.-The 'idea' of using electrical panels to change lights, activate voice comms to lure the beast away or to simply open access to your objective a new way, avoiding the xeno differently then before or for the first time.Those are some Pro's i have with the game but now its time for the cons:-The AI of the xeno, humans and joe's. The AI in this game is by far the most brain dead ive ever experienced in a video game in a long time. You can stand in a room with an enemy no matter who it be, and they will never notice you until you decide to brush your arm hair against them.The Xeno.I know i already mentioned the AI of this game and how bad it was, but the Xeno feels like a different issue. The Xeno's AI is both incredibly dumb and OP all at the same time. I once threw a noisemaker at the floor to lure him away and to my surprise i found myself saying "" oh♥♥♥♥♥♥here he comes hes looking right at m- wait i was in his LOS how did he not see me? "" You can easily avoid dectection that way, and i felt like the AI was just so fixed on this one sound, so as i spend more time going through the level, a pipe breaks and a fire breaks out, the alien comes over and see's me on the other side of the fire, the game often hints that if you break its LOS itll be forced to try and find you, the music calmed down while i hid, the Xeno had no way of seeing me, yet because it saw me by the fire, it just rushes the room and insta kills me in my hiding place. The Xeno is mostly just inconsistant.-The checkpoint system.Now im all for having no checkpoints in video games, in fact we need less in more modern games nowadays BUT. manually saving games after every event, no matter how dramatic, is just immersion breaking and shifts your focus from running from enemies to just running to a save point to exploit a loss or misstep. Take for example one level where Ripley contacts her crew. An alarm is triggered after the call ends, and a save station is nearby, if you didnt use it and backtracked all the way the otherside of the mission and die, youll only have to replay that entire section over again, but also watch a cutscene, outrun the enemies again, and try not to get cheap vent killed by the xeno. After the alarm activates, all need be done is to just save. The game quickly turns into a save station sim. Ask yourself, in a game where you must backtrack in every level you are provided ( or from my experience ) do i want to constantly not only back track through the levels, wait in lockers for 20 mins, go to a save station and then head to your objective, for 10 hours? I dont think so.-Some Levels are underdesigned, boring and simply repetitive.This is where most of the backtracking comes from, you dont move around the ship most of the time, more just sections of the ship over and over again.Overall, i think the game needs some fine tuning, the mechanics are fine, the fundumentals are all there, from crafting to distraction based equipment you can find and make yourself, to almost outwitting the Xeno entirely through use of the enviroment. But the dumb AI and cheapness of the kills just ruins it for me, the Xeno sure loves camping outside a room where i hide over and over, only to investigate it for the billionth time. It's such a shame because i actually enjoy what game there is to be had. If the gameplay and mechanics were more tuned up, so that you have an idea of how well you were in cover or peeking i wouldnt mind it as much. But being sniped with a hand gun from accross the map from a human also bugs me.The score i give Alien Isolation is 5/10It does everything but gameplay and AI work wrong. Had the Alien have not been so inconsistant i would actually keep playing, but the constant use of me saving, breaking my immersion, and having the Alien constantly know where i am( or maybe it doesnt sometimes as i said its inconsistant ) just makes me feel as if ive been robbed. I want to experience this game, but this AI really needs to be sent back, fixed and polished before i touch this game again.If you Love Aliens like i do, i suggest picking this up on sale.If your a fan of Outlast or those kinda games i also suggest this game to you.But or me, i think ill keep my eyes peeled for even better survival horror games. Afterall...Outlast II is on its way.EDIT:Ive decided to invest more hours into this game and ive found that this game only gets worse and worse as you progress. The sections become smaller and smaller as the save points become less frequent. It's bad enough that a brain dead xeno chases you over and over again in the same room but insta kill sleeping joes only ruin it more for me. I know this is ranty but if im seriously supposed to believe that the next 8 hours of this garbage is the same repetitive mini game,run then cod like qte section ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t  i refuse to play it any further."
,Not Recommended,214490,29501513,Posted: 26 January,all,Real Soviet Bear,"The game crashes consistently after I exit the cryosleep pod after the two opening cinematics. I have tried every online solution and troubleshooting I could find, but it still refused to work (I satisfy the minimum system requirements).I have tried refunding this game, but since I asked 3 weeks after purchase instead of 2, Steam refused every request outright. I tried contacting SEGA support to get this issue fixed, which eventually lead to one of their solutions locking me out of my own PC for 40 minutes until I repaired it.So, since I can't refund it or fix it, all I can do is leave a negative review and switch to consoles/Origin/Uplay as my primary storefronts. At least I know the game will work or be refunded in that case."
76561197971335248,Not Recommended,214490,13776163,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,rmagnante,"Atmosphere is great at the very start, but soon I found myself incredibly bored with the same old thing."
,Not Recommended,214490,13631564,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Notices Bulge,"First off, I feel the need to express that I'm a passionate fan of the Alien series: I've seen/played/read every movie, game and piece of literature there is. Some I loved, some I struggled through. Unfortunately, Isolation straddles the line between those points with a fair lean to the bad side of things.The story is great, the voice acting and atmosphere is great - the gameplay, however, falls flat on its face and then painfully drags itself, still lying face-down, for 25+ hours. I'm not sure what the dev team were thinking when they were fleshing out the game but they evidently latched onto the notion that turning power on is the most interesting activity that anyone could partake in. The Alien itself is just about the only thing in the damn game you don't have to restore power to. <b>At one point I was required to restore power to a generator. I don't f**king even.</b>There are sections of the game that are amazing and incredibly tense, but these moments are few and quite literally far between.These moments are marred by the frustrating and boring tedium of the filler material between them. Expect to do a lot of walking to and from powerless doors and generators through some pretty, though repetitive corridors. Make a mistake and woe be you, because the save points are spaced quite far apart with seemingly no consideration to the relative difficulty of the gameplay between them.The game does capture the essence of the first film and really tries to (and mostly suceeds to) deliver the best interactive Alien experience to date. It just feels like it was stretched out to a point where the action couldn't support the narrative. As much as I want to recommend the game, as it truly does have shining moments, wait till Gaben flogs it off for $5, because that's about all it is worth. It's more Agoraphobic-Blackout simulator than survival horror. Disappointed fan, signing off."
76561197997341040,Not Recommended,214490,13551114,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Pickle,"In over thirty years of gaming I don’t recall having experienced a game that is so fundamentally buggy and untested.  I have started fresh games from scratch six times now and each and every one has so far resulted in a script related bug (three different variations so far) that stops doors from unlocking when they should and prevents further progress either on the very first level or very early on in the second level.Given the linear nature of these levels (they're just scene setting introductory levels after all), it is almost beyond belief that there are game-stopping bugs here and yet there are.  How much testing was applied to this game, prior to release?  I can only assume none, because otherwise it would simply not be possible for me to be so utterly unable to proceed after walking down just one corridor and speaking with one character.I’ve verified that the bugs that I’ve experienced are known issues on the publisher’s web site and have tried all of their suggestions, to no avail, despite at least one of the issues having been formally reported for over two months.  Given that the administrators of that site now appear to be banning new registrations on their forums, it looks like I will not be able to report my experience with any of the errors that I have encounted or any others that I might find in future.Given what I’ve seen I can only rate this game as an utterly appalling flop, with barely any content and an embarrassing waste of the developer’s time."
76561198127232632,Not Recommended,214490,13625407,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mrgeniusa,"Can't say I'd recommend it, if I wouldn't want to pay full price for it. And I wouldn't. Was it worth the 50% discounted price I paid? Barely...if that. I'm still seriously struggling to find my money's worth in it. Nice graphics though. And it does have its moments. Most of which get repeated...over...and over...and over...and...you get the idea. Plus it's just to slow. Everything takes forever to do. All the action is running and hiding. Whereas I prefer more gunning...with my running. And slightly less hiding. Just let me kill that ♥♥♥♥ing thing and be done with it."
76561197970996397,Not Recommended,214490,13850658,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Furwy,"Checkpoint save system may be atmospheric, but having to replay (alot) huge chunks of level ruins this game for me."
76561198398935094,Not Recommended,214490,35166108,Posted: 23 September,all,Hal2M,"Hide, Run, Hide, Run.... Repetative and frustrating"
,Not Recommended,214490,17110762,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Desperado,What would have been a great 5 hour game that was stretched out 30 hours beyond its welcome. Also ayy lmao
76561198009782704,Not Recommended,214490,17409583,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dave,"Any true hardcore horror game enthuiast: STAY AWAYHas an extremely basic story full of jumpscares and insta-deaths. The game has a lot of polish and the team obviously worked hard to try make this a good game, unfortunately they forgot the most important part; actual gameplay.This is basically on rails shooter, with not much shooting, and full of insta-deaths. You will spend all your time trying to not die because none of your weapons do anything to the alien except make it run away for 20 seconds before it will come back again.A very basic jumpscare game along the lines of Slenderman,  that I am very angry about wasting 17 hours of my life on as well as my money. I shouldve stopped a few hours in and not wasted my time trying to finish this trash."
76561197979777370,Not Recommended,214490,16289298,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,pfranta,"Very glitchy, animations play toward where you are not, Alex got stuck running into stand light and wall, can collect ammo but not gun, cumbersome controls. I guess stealth games aren't for me but I might have persisted if it wasn't so buggy and unintuitive - pretty though."
76561198040977620,Not Recommended,214490,16558715,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,decadentspiral,"I found this game really boring - I stopped before the two hours and got my refund. It was slow from the start, and tasks seemed pretty pointless. I didn't see any of the suspense that other people have said - maybe I should have pushed through to see if it improved. I just got frustrated with it and had no fun at all!"
76561198204846099,Not Recommended,214490,17150101,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Explosive2000,"I cant even play the game, its just a constant black screen i just bought this and i didnt intend to waste my money. So please fix the game and ill leave a good review. I followed tutorials to fix it yet it keeps saying i need graphic card for directx 11 and i already have directx 11. this is annoying i spent all my money for this and this is what i end up with. Please fix. This is ridiculous. I cant do anything with this game until i get a graphic card but i already spent all my money, what a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. DONT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE WORKING DIRECTX 11 AND A GRAPHIC CARD THAT SUPPORTS DIRECTX 11. It looks like a really fun game and i bought it so i sure as hell derserve to play it. So please fix it."
76561198016633086,Not Recommended,214490,25076248,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RoMpErRo0M,"Great game, but crashes regularly. When searching for solutions, it looks like there are none. And they have stopped patching the game. I would avoid it unless you want to waste your money on a constantly crashing, non working game. Too bad."
76561198004484108,Not Recommended,214490,17088480,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,YAR The Mighty,"My computer meets all requirements for this game, yet it will not play, going to a black screen.I followed SEGA's guidelings to fix the bug (which I am loathe to do, but REALLY wanted to play this game).  It did not work.I cannot give this game a true review, but I also cannot give it a good review on this acount."
76561198134212708,Not Recommended,214490,17344570,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sunil,"Pointless game that goes nowhere.I was really looking forward to this game. I was really excited when I got it running. The opening animated scene got me all the more excited.But then I actually started playing it.Once I boarded the spaceship I spent ages running around in the same dark room with my flares all used up. There was no way out. ""Atmospheric"" became ""boring"" really quickly.It's all the more dissapointing, cos I can tell that the developers have put so much work into the game. I hate to dismiss all of that labour and passion. But my experience of the game has been really poor because of the dead-end, innavigable map at the very start of the game."
,Not Recommended,214490,17164619,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Darth Revan,"I have had lots of games that require directX 11 and had no issue with my processors or graphic cards, games made later than this too. I bought Isolation and season pass. now got to fork out on a graphics card too just to play it."
,Not Recommended,214490,29029738,Posted: 5 January,all,proudboy,intense game. if i go back in time i wouldn't buy it again though.not worth the money. gets boring real quick.
76561198105793991,Not Recommended,214490,30344239,Posted: 5 March,all,silviustefan88,why is it so difficult even on novice ?i never passed mission 5. too manny jump scares and too damn difficult
76561198093181020,Not Recommended,214490,33983291,Posted: 2 August,all,DyllanRW,I didn't get very far due to the nightmare levels of head bobbing and the dissonant speeds of movement vs camera speeds. It made for a vertigo inducing experience from which there is no escape save for simply not playing
76561197975171074,Not Recommended,214490,15203305,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Taim,"There are a lot of elementary flaws in the game, including the lack of consistency of the alien being able to spot you and the fact that you have to be standing in an exact location to be able to do simple things like climb a ladder, get into a vent or having a guy lift you up. This was especially bad near the vents of the Gemini area.Another thing I found particularly ridiculous was how enemies with guns engaged in combat stance even though they had no idea I was crouching nearby, without making a sound.It is quite obvious that when this game was made, too much focus was put into making the game look pretty and user-friendly gameplay was completely neglected. This game is supposed to be ""Horror"", but what scared me the most was how the price for this game is 50 Euros.Overall it's not a bad game, but it is far from deserving 50 Euros."
,Not Recommended,214490,15152597,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bibncent,spooky herobrian is spook0/1
76561197994960910,Not Recommended,214490,22830416,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ChewyLP,A missed oppurtunity for an incredible game.
,Not Recommended,214490,17140903,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Peil,"First thing I hated about this game was the fact that the computers in the game are from 1980.  Slow and don't do much.  I realize the movie was filmed back then, but you didn't have to put that in the game.  It really pulls from the experience of being there every time i go to a computer terminal or use a keycard to save the game and that stupid tape deck that tells me when I'm saving.In my opinion, this game will probably be excellent if used with the Occulus Rift, but it wasnt really too fun to play on a regular computer."
76561198060734390,Not Recommended,214490,31070923,Posted: 10 April,all,DimensionHatross,"Game without crashes: RecommendGame with progress preventing crashes (AI.exe stopped working) that never received a fix from the developers: Do not recommend.You might get lucky and get to enjoy what looks like (and played like for 3 missions) a very polished and enjoyable horror experience- if not, you just threw your money in the bin, sorry to say."
76561197970720161,Not Recommended,214490,12641037,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Game_Dude,"First off: If you want to read about the good of this game, read another review. I am aware its not only negative. I'm just glad I finished it and can deinstall it at this point. Here's what I did not like:Most of the game consists of you hiding, sneaking around and WAITING... avoiding the overpowered Alien or Androids. Depending on difficulty they will find you much easier and literally hunt you all over the place. You will spend alot of time in lockers and other hiding spots, only to STILL be discovered, after the Alien returns for the third time in a row to the room, before you had a chance to leave.I didn't find the Alien(s) scary, or having to hide from it all the time. It frustrated me and I resorted regularly to cuss words when it got me. This combined with no anytime save system will have you play many parts over and over and over. I found this to be extremely boring and at a point switched from hard to easy, so I could kill off the Androids and chase off the Alien with the flamethrower more often. And often the alien will STILL hit you for half your life (on easy), before running off. There goes another medkit..You will return to the same places over and over. After gadget upgrades you can open previously locked doors, and you WILL HAVE to go through those doors. Less new, more of the same corridors. And its basically all just corridors of a space station, looking very similar to one another.The Alien can't just be killed off. It can just be chased off with the flamethrower (and maybe other weapons). But it will return soon and it doesn't look like its actually taking any damage. It's basically invincible until you reach a certain story point.There are many, many buttons to press, levers to pull, machines to operate, computer logs to read and more minigames. In between that, you sit around and WAIT until the alien (the androids, the ""civilians"") leaves for a few seconds, so you can operate that thingy and get further in the story. This will repeat itself to exhaustion.Towards the end the game tries to kill you off in about a hundred different ways, as everything escalates in some sort of cheap action movie finish. Up to scenes where you open a door, make a step and then die, squashed to bits. Next time wait a few seconds before making that step. And on that goes.All in all I cannot recommend this game to anyone but the most diehard stealth game fans, who don't mind a challenge and who enjoy repeating the same few corridors over and over, until they don't get caught. I personally have other games to play and I'm glad this one is over."
,Recommended,214490,12390293,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SurgicalGlitch,10/10 Would sh_t myself again!
76561198139290461,Not Recommended,214490,12429244,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,bldulak84,"Community: 2/10   -Rude, judgemental, trollish.  ""If you don't like it you're too stupid/unskilled/go back to COD"" mentalityAudio: 10/10  The audio effects are awesome.  The clunking of the alien progressing through the vents will make you spin in circles to make sure he didnt drop in behind you.  Voice acting is some of the best I've encountered.Video: 8/10 The lighting and overall atmosphere is great.  However I suspect framerate is locked at 30.  Some cinematic scenes do not flow as well as they could.  Still some clunky edges on occasion.  I noticed some minor animation glitches as well (hands clipping through held objects, et cetera)Gameplay: 9/10 for first couple hours.  6/10 for next ten hours. 2/10 for remaining ten hours.  This game repeats itself for longer than the SOS beacon on the derelict did.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥First of all, the community for this game is horrendous.  They want to come off as purists, elite gamers yearning for days of yore when games were about content and not multiplayer skill progression.  Which is cool, we all kinda want that.  But this game doesn't have content.  You are a stealth gopher for 20+ hours.  The community instead comes off as a bunch of old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who cannot fathom a mix between cinematic, stylized gameplay and heart pumping action.  They seem to be too unsure of their ability to perform underpressure so they would prefer to hide in a locker for probably 5+ hours of gameplay.I did enjoy this game when I started playing it.  It was very tense, the lighting and sound are phenomenal and help the set the scene.  However, after about ten to twelve hours of doing the same thing I quickly started to realize thie gameplay does not evolve or progress.  Every single ""quest/chapter/mission/objective"" is the same thing... Sneak from point A to point B.Options?  Plenty!  You can walk down a corridor or shimmy through a vent!  You can hide in a locker or under a desk!  You can pick up ammo for guns that you'll never use!  You can accumulate components to craft items that are almost 100% pointless!The game is awesome, it's beautiful.  The storyline is simple and predictive, the voice acting is outstanding.  If you are shocked at the end then you must be a little sheltered and/or simple.I just can't justify the price point on this game in my mind.  I bought the game and the DLC, a whopping 90 bucks.  Yeah, the game is long... But it FEELS long.  There are times when you just want it to end.  There are times when you just turn it off because its the same thing over and over and over.  In all honesty, the main campaign feels like it should be cut down 80% and used as a chapter of a game as opposed to a stand alone game itself.  They had an opportunity here to create something amazing, but instead created.... meh.  If they would have varied the gameplay a little bit, which they could do without sacrificing story, it could be an awesome survival horror.As it stands, I would hold off and wait to see what kind of DLC comes out down the road.  If they add different game modes or play styles, maybe give it a shot if it goes on sale."
76561198045149774,Not Recommended,214490,19350414,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,-=Vega-88=-,"Boring as ♥♥♥♥, 1.2 hours in and all I am doing is walking around trying to find to stipid switch to open a door to find another stupid looking switch.Would get refund if I knew how."
,Not Recommended,214490,28835851,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,abbit,"Oh god this game gave me so much frustration and waste of time!It took me almost 1 year to complete the game because of lack of motivation, boredom and the fact that the game just didn't feel that great to play instead of watching someone else play it.I thought the graphics were cool and the 80's themed style was overall cool and pretty to experience but the gameplay just didn't work out properly. The alien AI was just sometimes too good and buggy and I often found myself just walking around and dying completly random whereever and whenever the alien appeared. The game was also quite prolonged which seemed unnecessary since the whole horror experience was enough for a couple of hours and then it should have ended.I know many people won't regognize my opinion but for me this game was just irritating and not worth spending neither time nor money on."
,Not Recommended,214490,32734222,Posted: 24 June,all,coc lover,A really good 5-6 hour game stretched out to 20 hours isn't always a good idea.
76561198008788108,Not Recommended,214490,13551135,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Eldritch23,"Checking the motion tracker confirmed my fear that the thing was close. I slowly made my way to a nearby ventilation shaft in order to escape. As I stood before the opening, trying to position myself in the correct manner in which I could crawl to safety I heard the stomping of the creature growing louder. I swivled my head around and around, desperately trying to figure out how to get into the damned shaft. Finally I managed to work out how to enter but as I began to crawl away, the alien grabbed my foot and pulled me to it's dripping maw with a loud hiss. That was the 352nd time I died.[/i]The only horror I felt while playing this game was the fear of being caught fifteen minutes out from my last save only to have to do the same thing over and over again. By the time I reached the pen-ultimate mission of the game I was ready for it to be over. Except it wasn't over. It would never be over. I would move this way and die, move that way and die. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.The game was quite predicitable but then, how could it not be? The things that were not predictiable made no sense.Movement was, at times, nauseating, especially when the camera would shake or force your field of view for dramatic effect. As I aluded to above, positioning yourself in the correct manner to interact with items seemed too strict. There were plenty of times I found myself moving back and forth or circling the camera around in order to find that sweet spot where I could press ""A"".All that being said, I loved the theme, the old, clunky computers, the mini-games, and of course, the alien. I think I may have enjoyed this game more if it were shorter. There is only so many chapters you can hide from the alien before it gets monotonous."
76561197979596754,Not Recommended,214490,33212228,Posted: 3 July,all,Evil Dan,"Really great visuals, sound, atmosphere.Was enjoyinging the game quite a bit until I got to the  psychiatric ward in the medical center; where the Alien would find me again, and again, and again...  No matter what I did, no matter where I hid the damn Alien would keep making lunch meat of my face.  Even checked out videos on-line to try and figure out what I was doing wrong didn't help.After over 4 non-stop hours of not being able to progress out of the psychiatric ward without the Alien chowing down on my tender internal organs, I was beginning to feel like I'd need to be committed to a psychiatric ward myself.If your into games with a lot of sneaking around and hiding then this is the game you want.  I'm not into games where I have to spend most of my time sneaking and hiding all the time so..."
76561197980314410,Not Recommended,214490,34446248,Posted: 23 August,all,Sascha,"I just finished the game and have very mixed feelings.The atmosphere is great and very close to the original film. The atmosphere alone may be worth the money, if you like the first movie. You can walk through space-stations that look and sound like the nostoromo and the alien dens.But... the game mechanics cannot keep up with the overall visual design.Often, it is not clear where to go - except when you just follow the direction of your motion tracker. It's okay, but for a game that tries to have almost no user interface, this feels like cheating.Most stealth games give you some ability to know how well you're hidden or how much noise you're making. A:I doesn't. You have to guess what viewing angle each enemy has and how good it's ears are. Running will attract the alien from the other end of the station. Walking can be heard for 100 meters.In most stealth games, the enemies are on patrol. The alien isn't. It quite randomly appears from the vents walks a little bit around and then hopefully disappears into the vents, so you can sneak into the next hideout.In most stealth games, the enemies are slow, unless alerted. The alien runs like insane throught the vents to drop down wherever it likes. This is already this way, if you didn't make a mistake, but when you sit silent in some closet sucking your thumb.In most stealth games, game mechanics are constant, or you get a clear cue when they change. In A:I you have to guess, what mode you're in. And then there are scripted sequences where none of the usual mechanics apply and you may die because you do something that has saved and will save your life for the rest of the game.The game doesn't seem to have a rising difficulty. So the game is quite hard in the beginning, where you face basically the same deadly opponents as in the late-game, but you have no experience or tools at that time. (For example, I spent some tries in the Lobby after getting the hacker-device, because I didn't follow the script.) Later on the game gets repetetive and easier. Sometimes even to the point of a walking simulator.I liked the original Alien movie, because it was a horror movie, without supernatural opponents or everyone acting stupid and irrational (as seen  in Prometheus). In A:I there seem to be few rational people. And I never undestood, why I only had to sprint 30m to attract the alien, but other enemies are shouting and clattering merrily through the station without attracting the alien.And: The end is meeh.You know, you're infected, when the aliens stop attacking you on sight. So the light that shines into Ripleys face is probably someone from Weyland Yutani collecting her to finally get a specimen."
,Not Recommended,214490,34554662,Posted: 28 August,all,whip dat hoe,"It is a nice game, it really is, but one thing ruins everything: the poorly set checkpoints. I am so sick of playing a passage just to die and do it all over again. Up to 30 minutes i have to play again just because of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you don't care about that, go right ahead and buy it. Otherwise stay away."
76561198080820703,Not Recommended,214490,29812629,Posted: 9 February,all,Kami,"it has exploration aspects but does not allow any reasonable exploration. it's got your usual run of the mill standard sci fi gaming audio logs & dog tag collectables. but here's the thing, there's no autosave feature... manual saves only. that you restart from if you die. did i mention there's a highly eratic and unpredictable walking one hit kill you have to avoid in extremely tight hallways? it just seems counter intuitive to me, if you want the player to explore the map & find collectables at least save the progress they make when obtaining them.would have been more immersive if they just didn't add any of that crap and the player could maneuvre through the map as they see fit instead of feeling cheated for being forced to ignore half the games locations/content. and now instead always having to take the most direct route to the objective to make any progress. infact why bother having side rooms? just one linear hallway would work perfectly."
,Recommended,214490,12392533,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ReynoldHughes,"Seems like a good game. I'm still playing it, so this review will be revised.EDIT: Found something to help with the crashing in the steam forums. Supposedly playing in Windowed  Fullscreen helps, and it helped me, quite a bit. For.. A while, at least. If you still crash at certain scripted events, there may be other work arounds, but I have yet to find them.So, after playing it a bit longer, I can say this is a pretty fantastic horror game. There are a few jump scares in the beginning, which seemed cheap and tacky. The real horror comes from knowing there's nothing you can really do against this creature - all you can do is try your best to run and hide as QUIETLY as possible.Like I said in my first review, the game is gorgeous. Everything running on Ultra and handling perfectly fine; I've seen a few other people posting their specs and running it smoothly too. It's not Colonial Marines (thankfully) - and it's definitely not as horrible as some other steam reviews are making it out to be.Really, if you want a game where horror comes from the chase, not being brutally killed over and over again (which still happens... a lot), this is the perfect game for you."
76561197970916185,Not Recommended,214490,15029593,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Borric,"This game is horrible..One of the worst I have played. I tried to play it through but i give up. The saving in this game is one of the worst I have ever seen. Spending 10 mins trying to find a save terminal is stupid. On top of that, you have to dodge the alien ( which u cant seem to hurt no matter how many times you shoot it) When you come to an area that has a cut scene most games will auto save at this point, not this game. Took forever to get to the room that explodes only to die cause i could not find the exit in time, and sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was back where I started at my last save.The alien is down right annoying. it Just seems to be every where at once. You pass an air vent cut through 2 rooms and happen to walk under a vent and damm its there. The thing must of drank its red bull cause it sure moves quick. I hate to not finish a game, but I dont think I will finish this one. its frustraded me beyound belief. It will be getting a delete option shortly. Dont waste your money on this game.  ohh and in mission 5. I finished the mission got to the end only to find out it was bugged. Its a known issue and they have not fixed it yet. I had to restart the mission.  Didnt take as long cause I knew what to do, but still...OK, end of rant..Borric"
76561197977779099,Not Recommended,214490,13773890,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,gl,"Sneak, die, load, sneak, die, load.  Ugh."
76561198084385822,Not Recommended,214490,13835169,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Seventy4,"I was really looking forward to playing this game, but it always runs in slow motion for me, weird glitch, no fix in sight, fix and I will change my review to positive <3"
76561198160195979,Not Recommended,214490,15090078,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,leo,"Check your graphics card supports Direct X 11 before buying, or you will waste your money."
76561198005998152,Not Recommended,214490,28410083,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,/MuchMore/,"Almost unplayable on Windows 10. Constant chrashes make the game unrewarding and frustrating. Also it is abandoned by the developers. Without a patch this game becomes a part of history for newer systems.The game itself is quite good, exempt the alien AI which acts like you are a magnet when it is in the air shafts and runs is circels when it is on the ground.You feel like you go on a walk with the alien, like you would with a dog. Maybe paying it on easy solves this issue."
,Not Recommended,214490,14044367,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GussiePotato,"All in all a very suspensful and fun game.  The atmosphere is amazing.  The ""feel"" of the Aliens movies is amazing and spot on.  The game play however is so so.My main gripe is the lack of save game locations.  I dont mind reloading a mission and replaying.  However it seems like I am just retrying in order to learn the ""pattern"" of the alien and the level.  Which is fine... if I had more save game locations.To replay a level for 5 minutes and get ot the point where I died and l try someithing new amd fail is just a waste of my time after the third or fourth or tenth or fourteenth time.is this a fun game?  yes. Is it frustrating to the point of not being fun? YES.   If you like replaying levels over and over to find the pattern this is the game for you."
76561198013900410,Not Recommended,214490,14288118,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,nexperpectus,"The game crashed every time I ran it and froze my computer completely (Win 7 sp2). I got a new computer (not to play the game) with Win 8.1 and now it runs fine. The game is an odd mixture of good and bad characteristics. It has high quality graphics, sound and music, but some of the movement options one normally expects with a game of this sort just aren't there-- for instance, Ripley can't jump or climb, and her running speed is pedestrian. There is no ""quick save"" feature either, so one is constantly replaying segments that ended in untimely death.After one gets through the first 3 or so introductory segments one meets the alien. From then on the alien is always nearby. No matter how far Ripley travels by transport or how stealthily she moves, the alien magically knows where she is, and frequently appears just on the other side of a door in the opposite direction from where it was headed (according to the motion tracker).  When one finally succeeds in eluding the alien long enough to make it to the mission destination, the reason for moving there is not easily found, again allowing Mr. Alien to show up and end any search activities.The other issue is that the game is clearly based on the movies, and in the movies the basic hunter-killer alien isn't impregnable. Their power came through numbers and stealth. In this game the alien tromps around openly and noisily and Ripley seems powerless to hurt it even though she appears to have a .357 magnum revolver.  The other jarring note is that 1970's technology shows up all over this futuristic space station. At first it just seems odd, but then it becomes irritating. It is currently 2015 and nobody uses cassette tape recorders anymore, so why would they figure prominently in the future?I found the game to be tense and exciting the first few times I had to elude the alien, but then it just became tedious and unrewarding."
,Not Recommended,214490,13809539,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gothav,"I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the game. The gameplay was also quite nice. I didn't like alien interactions as they were too frequent and too long.The missions were so frustrating. ""Go get a box"" turned into a walk around half of the station and ALL of things you do fail. The whole game is just a quest of failures. Literally nothing in the game accomplishes ANYTHING."
76561198008281650,Not Recommended,214490,13258231,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,SuperQuail,"DO NOT BE FOOLED!This game in it's current state is so ugly I had to stop playing after 5 minutes.The immersion was absolutely shattered by distracting jagged edges absolutely everywhere.There is no real anti-aliasing in this game, only post-effect anti-aliasing which is absolutely worthless.This means that the entire game is covered in jaggies which can't be smoothed out by nVidia control panel or ATI equivalent.Until this issue is addressed I will not be playing the game and would STRONGLY urge anyone thinking of buying this game to consider if this will bother you personally, because for me, it completely ruined the game."
,Not Recommended,214490,13383559,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Partybooper,"Not recommended because of technical issues.Alien: Isolation crashes constantly because apparently there is an issue with certain setups using a 120Hz monitor. The only workaround would be to use a screen mode at 60Hz which I am not going to do. It still puzzles me how a game can crash because the monitor is running at a certain refresh rate.I already opened a thread in the official forums and contacted the Sega customer support (twice so far) about it - they apparently don't know how to fix it and are more busy thinking about a sequel than fixing this game.I pre-ordered the game at full price here on Steam, including the season pass (not worth it either, you get a couple of missions which can be completed at 10 minutes each it seems). So far I couldn't really play the game (gave up on the crashing in mission 2, never seen the Alien in the campaign), and it was offered at a 50% discount a couple of times already.I am really disappointed in Creative Assembly not being able to fix something like that after several months of release, and seeing how they keep quiet about this issue I suspect it will never get fixed at all, which means I wasted 60+€ for a game I cannot play.As long as it doesn't crash, it looks and sounds great though. The performance is very good as well. A shame, since this game seems to be a lot of fun.Not recommended until it runs longer than 2 minutes without crashing because I am not using a cheap 60Hz monitor."
,Not Recommended,214490,13691464,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Buntat,"I am 11 hours in. I am playing at Hard. I am not the usual person that claims to be invicable towards horror films, I get frightened from Horror films more than once. The problem is....Alien Isolation is marketed as survival horror, but its not scary.Basically, this game without the horror aspect makes it a pale shadow of its potential. The gameplay is slow, I don't have any complaints against that, the original movie WAS slow after all. The Alien AI is really easy to dodge, and the fact that you can hide from it deletes the potential of some really scary moments. Seriously, the hiding mechanic erases every fear element in the game. I'm not saying that hiding in one place makes you invincible towards the enviroment, but the mechanic saves your bacon more than needed, and takes the  fear out of the game. On the bright side, for some people the mechanic is their cup of tea.Another problem is its wasted potential. The game could have used some light and dark elements to scare the player, maybe the use of dust in the air to scare the player, a surprise alien jumpscare to shock the player. I know that jumpscares are cheap, but the game is so dull it needs them.Alien Isolation is more of a stealth game than a horror game. I see so much reviews for this game, maybe I'm playing it wrong, because I really tried my best to enjoy it, I really did! I tried my best to feel the atmosphere, to try the most stealth apporach, but the game falls flat, a middle child between stealth and horror, and is acknowledged by neither.DO NOT BUY ALIEN ISOLATION AS A HORROR GAME, BUY IT AS A STEALTH GAME.TL:DR, only people that are filled with nostalgia over the movie, or stealth enthusiast can enjoy this game. I rue the day I chose to buy this game over Shadow Of Mordor, even though Shadow Of Mordor also looks bland, it does in fact look in the least enjoyable."
76561197970805235,Not Recommended,214490,13675860,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[GB]BULLDOG,"this game is awful you spend ages just wondering around , save your money x"
76561198051835984,Not Recommended,214490,13264753,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,caliKUSH,"Personally I thought it would be quite a different game then I thought it would.. I was led to believe there would actually be a combat system and regular combat by the videos STEAM has up on their website, ""showing"" the game. Most of the game is walking around and looking for a vent that you walk around 2 hours looking for. Very boring.... Should bought DAY-Z or another game. Unless you are looking for a game that is like a slow movie and enjoy looking for the subtle clues to further game progress, dont buy."
,Not Recommended,214490,33250929,Posted: 4 July,all,Ignis Rex,"Extremely disappointing. What has been regarded as one of the most fearsome horror games in recent memory ended up as an assortment of hallway walking and button pressing.Pros:-Controls well-Interesting characters-Interesting story-Excellent graphics and visuals-A fairly intuitive crafting system-Numerous allusions to the original movie, from items to achievement names to subtle character animationsCons:-Not scary. The atmosphere is meh, and the alien, while visually stunning, just doesn't bring much. It'll appear from a vent, stalk around a bit, then leave. It's not frightening, it's boring and tedious to hide continuously. ""But you have to play on Nightmare! Then it's really scary!"" I really doubt that. Maybe it would be harder to hide, sure, but that doesn't make it scarier, just more difficult. And multiple repeated deaths don't make the game any more tense or atmospheric, just annoying. It's also way to easy to make the alien run off whenever you need it to, especially once they hand you a flamethrower.-Tedious gameplay. The game basically dilutes to ""walk around the station and push a bunch of buttons"". Sometimes the buttons are little minigames that are kinda neat, but most of it is either ""press A bunch"" or ""press these two keys in order to do the thing."" The levers and cranks feel pretty good to enact, but when they're basically 75% of the gameplay (the other 25% being hiding) it gets a little old. Speaking of getting old...-It never ends. There's about 4 places where I thought the game should end, but didn't, and in fact carried on another 4 hours or so after the last one. One sequence in particular has you go down a long hall to a room to activate a keycard. Then you go back down the hall to flip a switch. Then you go back to the original room to turn on a generator, and then back down the hall again to go through the now open door. Also the entire time the alien is all up in your grill with no good place to hide, so getting down the hallway so many times is frustratingly difficult. You can be a little clever sometimes with distractions, but it's so much trial and error that it still isn't fun, besides all the backtracking. Then right after you reach your destination, the game is almost over, and you get ambushed and dragged back deeper into the station. You find your way back to the exact same place, only now you have to run a gauntlet of hard to hit, instant-kill facehuggers and more walking and button pressing to get there. It's not tense, it's not atmospheric, it's not scary, it's just irritating walking through the same area 10 times trying to find where that 4th facehugger came from so you can blast it before it kills you. The entire section is completely unnecessary, along with a few other sections with other unnecessary button pushing and walking. It's like they decided to make a longer game not with actual gameplay and story elements, but unnecessary padding.Honestly, my distaste for this game comes mostly from the last few hours. It introduces the facehuggers, it causes more backtracking, it's full of the padded sections, you'll die way more often than you did before, a lot of it is just not needed. The first 10 or so hours, while still not all that scary, provide good gameplay, atmosphere, and an interesting story, and despite the simplicity is a lot of fun. The last 4-5 hours (depending on how much you die, which will be a lot) are what soiled it for me."
76561198106129228,Not Recommended,214490,29187593,Posted: 11 January,all,SamSylvester,This game is so stressfulThis game is prettyThis game has a crap story line10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
,Not Recommended,214490,15148010,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gliv Gluv,Game bugged in first level. 0/10
,Not Recommended,214490,14854527,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,NATIK,"They managed to create an amazing atmosphere in the game, the gameplay is great, they replicated the feeling of Alien well, it is an all around great experience except for one thing, the Alien itself.The Alien itself is pulled off in an incredibly lazy way. It is tethered to your characters location rather than being attracted by certain actions and repelled by others, whenever the Alien appears in an area it is a scripted appearance and it always stays within a distance that is determined by the difficulty level and even on low difficulty the Alien returns at highly regular intevals to try and catch you. Once you see through the poor programming of the Alien, you learn to hate it, the challenge only to have enough materials to ward it off while you sprint between scripted appearances.The other enemies in the game all manage to be interesting to deal with, androids and survivors are very fun to evade or sneakingly kill, but the Alien is just a frustrating experience to deal with. In the end the game would have paradoxically been all the better and a clear top of the line game if it hadn't included its titular character."
76561198277300548,Not Recommended,214490,29505499,Posted: 26 January,all,danieljlees.82,not happy i have windows 10 pro installed with two radeon hd4800 series graphics cards plus directx 12 ive spent £35 for nothing as it wont start at all saying i need direct x 11 i just dont get it lol im mift about it and still not happy.
76561198068594027,Not Recommended,214490,35275898,Posted: 28 September,all,ryanbrady7773,Another survivor targeted me instead of the Alien.The acting and facial animations are laughably bad.I'm really glad I didn't buy the deluxe edition.
76561198130186490,Not Recommended,214490,15120084,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chronic ion,This game just feels like it should have been a lot better.I wouldn't recommend this until it's under $10.
,Not Recommended,214490,15581372,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Draconify,This game is horrible.  There are significant mechanics in it that essentially turn it back into a circa 2000 game.  Everything is super scripted.  All your paths are incredibly limited.  You cant even pickup a damned gun off an enemy you just kill.This kind of crap needs to stop being pushed on consumers and using cinematic hype and previous good will.I went over to their forums to check out these and see if it was just something that wasn't working for me.  But this game even after being out for almost a year it is still riddled with bugs.  This demonstrates a total lack of forethought and active testing and a lack of support for products they produce.I strongly suggest if you haven't bought this game that you don't.I have no clue how the ♥♥♥♥ it is listed as a Game of the Year.
76561197970522564,Not Recommended,214490,17105075,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Snappy Tom.,Game sucks!
,Not Recommended,214490,19734588,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,NeuroSerpens,So besides the protagonist being a sedentary F### who can't run even a laughable ridiculous 100 meters without getting tired she also CAN'T jump. Congratulations devs on being complete fat #####. Games are supposed to thrill you. Not put you in place of a person who is 394875938745 times weaker than you.
,Not Recommended,214490,23888395,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fay,"Game didn't end up working for me. First mission and I go to find taylor doors locked... apparently it's a glitch so I restarted the game. Still glitched, to bad looked like a really fun game, but going to pass on trying to get pass that glitch. I think trying three times is enough."
76561198114100258,Not Recommended,214490,33102646,Posted: 1 July,all,Warlordcookie,"This game doesnt work at all tried everything online for fixes and such. nothing works keeps coming up with AI.EXE has stopped working, quite a common problem by the looks of it. refund also refused and had to keep trying to open the game to get 5mins recorded just to leave this review not happy at all"
,Not Recommended,214490,29212256,Posted: 12 January,all,Mikey ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,this game continussly crashes and they wont let me refund it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
,Not Recommended,214490,31752232,Posted: 14 May,all,Ekomshiro,Not as much action as expected.
,Not Recommended,214490,17128613,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SyotoS,bugzz
,Not Recommended,214490,33443153,Posted: 10 July,all,CyborgX,"Pretty lame. All you do is get a woman dressed and then talk to a guy named Samuel, and then slowly wander around the same exact five corridors forever because nothing else happens ever. How is this a game? Also, it just crashes for no reason which is fine because I'm all done playing for good anyway."
,Recommended,214490,22790744,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[IG] QuiGonMeme,"pre sick story, only doing this review for a badge lmao"
76561198070691672,Not Recommended,214490,29682777,Posted: 3 February,all,jeremyj621,"Not a bad game overall, for the first playthrough anyway. After you've completed the game once, there's little replay value as there are no alternate routes through levels or alternate endings. The player is typically ""railroaded"" through levels with only one or two paths to choose through levels. Some have only one path from beginning to end.As for atmosphere, the suspense and terror quickly give way to frustration as time and again the player is killed by the alien (the main antagonist in the game) or other threats (such as androids), forcing a reload from the previous save point.So, to summarize, if you  haven't yet purchased this game, I'd say sait until you can get it for around $20 or less. In my opinion, due to the limited replay value, it's not worh more than that."
76561198137792021,Not Recommended,214490,31047035,Posted: 9 April,all,Tatsumi,keeps crashing before I reach a save other wise its ok
76561197970538611,Recommended,214490,18006047,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Westenra,"In space, no one can hear you play one of the best horror games of the last decade."
,Not Recommended,214490,19425652,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Steven Johnson,"Oh no. This game is fantastic, but i have to rate it down. Never before have i owned a game with such fantastic gameplay and graphics. BUT... I was on the last chapter and well, without going into details, once i was finished with a section, things stopped functioning and none of anything worked, and there was no directions. I feel that a game should never ""Dis-Allow"" me to finish it. Now, like Dying Light, I never got to see how it ended."
,Not Recommended,214490,27388039,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jack,"It's not fun. Plain and simple. I guess some people will find joy in getting randomly killed all the time. I don't. To make things worse I was playing on Hard difficulty at first. Yeah... That was a mistake for me since I'm bad at games. I just got so angry my throat hurt from yelling. Well... I was like screw it... I'll just play on medium difficulty. No good. Just got killed over and over randomly. Then... I was like what da flip... I'll playing on freaking novice... Still no good. I was like are you flipping kidding me? I am telling the game I am bad at games by putting the game not on ""easy"" but on ""novice"" and I still just died over and over. I am so angry at this game. The bottom line is it's just not fun. IT'S NOT FUN. DO YOU FLIPPIN' HEAR ME? THIS GAME IS NOT FUN.In short: I hate this game, and I highly do not not recommend this game. Aliens: Colonial Marines was a much funner experience, I can't beleive that is the game with the bad reviews and not this one."
,Not Recommended,214490,13183817,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Blood_GOD,"Skip this until it gets fixed or they start dumping it for $2.99.Sloppy coding and lack of support make an otherwise great game nearly unplayable.The number of in game issues can be lived with/ played around, but what ruins this game is the consistent corruption of the save game files that force players to completely re-start the game. Further more, the problem is common and known to to the developer but all they provide is the canned response ""Try loading a mission save"" which does not work.I really don't like having to constantly start over. Doing so has ruined the atmosphere of the game because I've been through the first 3rd so many times I already know whats coming.Most annoying of all is being ignored. Patch the game already. Fix this. Or offer a refund. I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,214490,12974954,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dark Rush,"On Steam, everyone can hear you scream. A game both over-hyped and undercooked, Alien: Isolation brings forth neat ideas and concepts with sloppy execution and unsatisfying game play. It is tedious and predictable, banking on lame jump scares and obvious horror tropes to try to elicit fear through dread and panic. It ultimately falls flat on this premis, featuring lackluster and almost dated looking visuals and environmental design, clunky movement and equiptment implimentation, and an overall idiotic and ineffective Xenomorph. Couple that with the lack of polish, dead and unresponsive NPCs and overall sense of guilded story telling, and you have a game not worth your time and money. This reviewer indeed regrets buying the game purely for the Team Fortress 2 cosmetics and the hope of an entertaining story. Save yourself the disapointment and do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,214490,12855186,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,JCM,"cant' get game to play, installed it a few dozen times, game at most runs at 1 FPS with huge moments of freezing. completely un playable. do not play it."
76561198021053154,Not Recommended,214490,33643637,Posted: 18 July,all,Erick Swan,"Full disclosure I didn't finish this game.The reason I didn't finish this game is because it's far too long.  Maybe during the hayday of ""hide from things you can't kill"" this was a star, but now it's just a game of hide and seek that's 20 hours long where the bad guy always knows your general vicinity.That's not all though.  Additionaly the characters, story, and voice acting are all mediocre to weak.  You go up against things other than the alien for large chunks of the game as well, which, to me, felt like even more of weak game of hide and seek than dealing with the alien.If this game was six hours long I would recommend it."
76561198039123344,Not Recommended,214490,26074874,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WoodenCoins,"As of right now onlly 17.1% of all people who purchased Alien Isolation and play it on steam have completed it.......does this say something?...........Yes, it says two things potentially, the game is super long, longer thas most people's attention spans (according to a lot of reviews i have read, i have not completed it) and the Alien/s are innexplicable in their ability to kil you...... Alot of the time it genuinely seems impossible to avoid.There have been times when i have been in a room, the alien appears, i leave and enter another room and there is the alien again all in the space of maybe 5 seconds and another section where nomatter which vent you walk under the alien will be there waiting (instant death) its as if there is an alien for every single ceiling vent.This game however is absolutely beautiful to look at and sounds as good as it looks however i was expecting some specific sounds from the films to feature such as the motion tracker blip but they are not there for some reason, I found this dissapointing.I really wanted to like this game because its......Alien...... but so far, when i get enjoyment from it the Alien crushes it with blinding speed.Watch the films instead. Alien, Aliens and Alien 3, the rest are a bit crap, I hope you already  knew that."
,Not Recommended,214490,29816275,Posted: 9 February,all,clear crap,I was really excited for this game to come out and pre ordered it. I played it and was loving it except I kept hitting space and nothing would happen. So I check the keyboard settings thinking it must be a different key and couldn't find it any where. I thought this was odd so I checked it over and over and still no option to bind jump. That's when it hit me that there was no jump key and I quit and never played it again. I will never navigate a trash pile when I could just jump over it.
76561197976614154,Not Recommended,214490,13411894,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,bbfloyd,"At this time I have about 17 hours in, and am about 1/3 of the way through the main story after one early restart.I am surprised at all the postive reviews; this is not a bad game, but it isn't the best thing to ever grace the Alien franchise either. Without the Alien brand name, you never would have heard of this game as anything but another console oriented FPS lacking innovation, plagued with gigabytes of mediocre cutscenes and marginal voice acting.Pros: ... I am thinking... Hmmm doesn't crash; very stable. PC controls are fairly well executed, rare for a console targeted title. It has a space theme. Better lit than the Doom3. There mom, I said something nice...Cons:Typical linear, overly scripted, written for console hardware, FPS title intertwined with a low budget, barely B grade horror movie. Has a lot of gravity for a space themed game.I've only ever been scared by the games Doom, Clive Barker's ""Undying"", and F.E.A.R 1/2 (honorable mention: STALKER series). The only thing scary in this game is how frighteningly algorhythmic and dumb the A/I is. I am not exagerating slightly: the clunky artificial feel of the Alien and NPC behaviors breaks any immersion the game might of had, making ""fright"" an impossibility.The net effect A/I behavior has on gameplay is to make basic movement aggravatingly slow, cheaply turning ten hours of normal gameplay into thirty hours of painstakingly slow boring hide/creep/wait cycles; you can't do anything but creepy crawl most everwhere without the Alien using you like a catnip filled plushie toy.You might be startled once or twice (I wouldn't call it ""scared""), and only when the devs resort to cheap scripted sound events. Scary once, dumb twice, maddening thrice.I won't say avoid this game, but wait for the ""Gold"" Collectors edition to sell under $19.99 with all DLC before buying if you are really interested."
,Not Recommended,214490,32609516,Posted: 20 June,all,Squashbuckler,"Excellent sound, graphics and atmosphere, but the gameplay fell flat. To be honest, this game was ruined for me once the alien appeared on the map! It moves around constantly and is always in the vicinity of where you go, making it very difficult to move around or do anything. I suppose this is the purpose of the game, but all fun was instantly removed at this point. Buyer beware if you do not like feeling weak and useless, running like a coward all game, and dying frequently. Thier are many other stealth games that do this genre better. Limited variety in gameplay and options to deal with a scenario."
,Not Recommended,214490,26191544,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,HAM-KillyMagee,"I dont know if it's just me, but I have had the game bug out on objectives tons of times. Very frustrating."
76561197968434999,Not Recommended,214490,13217423,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,NWG_Double-UC,"The enemy AI is horrible, making the game not a lot of fun.  Main complaint with the AI is the fact that they hit 90% of their shots on hard at any range; original Rainbow 6 version of hard.   The AI has an aimbot.  However I have seen an AI randomly start firing at a wall where I have not been on the other side of a large room.  Maybe trying to flush me out or get a response.  If that is true, then it was really poorly implemented.  Apparently the game designers have not fired pistols much in real life and make to many assumptions.  Also if you quick peek and the AI decided to fire, you will actually see the bullets come through the wall when you are behind cover.  Apparenly, the game describes these AI as average which translates to competitive shooters with custom race guns utilizing depleted uranium bullets.  The other interactions are painful and less than intuitive, clunky.  The 80s' idea of the future is great, but we can move on.  Along those same lines I have a glitch that makes it so that some of the computer terminals show up as black.  The only way I have been able to navigate past these spots is by using a video walk-through utilizing the terminal and then ghosting what I see.  The environmentental experience is well put together, though I don't have very much time in the game.  The gameplay feels clunky and slow to the point that it ages the game(yes the story line is slow as well, but it is a story to enjoy)."
76561197967717977,Not Recommended,214490,13601533,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,chanss,Way to few save points makes this game a mong. Stay away.
76561197971324375,Recommended,214490,12445758,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rosewell,Hodor likes this game!
76561197987129088,Not Recommended,214490,30084579,Posted: 21 February,all,BossMan,Extremly boring. Only for hardcore Alien fans.
,Not Recommended,214490,33206319,Posted: 3 July,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,Cannot pick up guns dropped by enemies.Cannot abuse enemies' corpses.Immersion breaking.
76561198047465417,Not Recommended,214490,33142617,Posted: 2 July,all,Puglife,"kinda in the middle it seems ok i guess if ur looking for an older cheap game, story wise seems pretty good fitting into the aliens story between the first and second movie (U play Ripleys Daughter) prob was pretty good when it came out but if fresh game play is important to you - I played through PREY recently and I really enjoyed that, great fun, scary and good upgrade system, and a great story. While i think it borrowed elements from this, if u haven't played either and can fork out, PREY is a better all round experience. This felt hard to get into after playing that."
,Not Recommended,214490,14343349,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,keegan come get ur grilled chees,"The VSYNC on this game makes me cry, fortunately you can turn it off, unlike Dodo 2. Three thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,214490,14061992,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Drenath,"Excellent ambience, but really lacking in the story and gameplay."
76561198030845548,Not Recommended,214490,13465677,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ryan,meh
,Not Recommended,214490,13381342,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,pizzaglitches,"All my gameplay time is me just trying to fix AI.exe not working. Never actually played the game.edit1: Got the game working, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥5.6/10"
76561198006326012,Not Recommended,214490,13293327,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,4ryan6,"First impression so far is what a let down!The character Amanda Ripley moves like she has lead boots on, even when using the walk faster option it's no big deal!Crafting including a Med Kit Oh No, a FarCry 3 flash back came to mind, that part sucks, maybe when the seriousness starts, the Alien will take a time out so you can craft a Medkit! ROFLAt this point I am truly happy I got this game at half price and did not spend 50 bucks on itI am only 2 hours into it and was praying for an Alien to show up and just kill me to get out of the game, if it gets any better, well, we'll see?Well the Alien showed up and killed me so that last wish is completed, almost 9 hours into the game now and my opinion has not as yet changed.It's a cat and mouse game of  a little forward progress and a lot of hiding, because you do not have the weapon capability to even hurt an Alien.It's frustrating because I'd rather stand toe to toe and take him out than run and hide, but if you don't have the ability to fight back you have no choice but to run and hide, or die!"
,Not Recommended,214490,25471168,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Pfc. R. Mizani [6th RB],How come to ATI graphics comp?
,Not Recommended,214490,23790921,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Diz,"6/10Gets old FAST, very slow.Evil androids are incredibly annoying.Most if it is a maze, most the time is spent trying to figure out what the hell to do.BUT, 'tis scary with headphones and no lights on. Thumbs up for that."
,Not Recommended,214490,17457598,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,you need to vibrate higher,Tom Cruise Simulator
,Recommended,214490,23988073,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,C-137,"The only Alien game done right, one of the best horror games that i have played."
,Recommended,214490,21164531,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SloppyPooBag,This giant black dude with a banana head is chasing me and I don't know what to do about it other than hide in a locker.
,Not Recommended,214490,16278914,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NeizD,Most boring game I've seen.
,Not Recommended,214490,15025408,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Qix,"I have lost patience with this game. It is too slow, too difficult and quite boring. Visually it is interesting, although it all looks quite drab. It's not enough to make up for the lack of enjoyment I feel. I have better things to do than wait thirty seconds for a lift to arrive in a game. Credit where credit is due; Alien Isolation is genuinely scary, but unfortunately, I don't enjoy being constantly terrified in a game."
76561197994863200,Not Recommended,214490,13842839,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Thade,NEVER BUY!There is a known issue you can read about here:http://forums.alienisolation.com/forum/support/game-issues/story-arc-issues/19584-speak-to-taylorI was able to play this game for 3 minutes before I hit a dead end. Money wasted that I cannot get back. I tried following the instructions the clueless moderator listed to no avail. Save your money for something you can play more than a few minutes.
,Not Recommended,214490,13821868,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Scientificsalarian,Beautiful to look at but boring to play. The poor stealth system make it a chore not fun.
,Recommended,214490,17853407,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Chemicaloid,A MUST!
76561197963760761,Not Recommended,214490,13966026,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,The Canary,"The redletter media review of this game pretty well sums it up, I definitely recommend it.Quite possibly the most disappointing gameplay I've ever experienced.  Railroaded levels, port-from-console feel, and the entire game appears to be opening doors and hiding in closets.  By the time I finally saw the Alien, I was utterly bored, and my first reaction was to laugh at what looked like a b-movie godzilla.The only nice thing I can say is that it looks purdy, and the sound design is fantastic."
76561197970753965,Not Recommended,214490,14245911,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Fuzzba11,"Pretty, but boring & frustrating. I love the Alien franchise, and picked this game up based on the great screenshots. I thought it would be a horror-action game like Dead Space, but it's more like Gone Home or one of those other exploration FPS games. Weapons are useless against enemies, I shot one bad guy in the head 5 times and he just walked up and strangled me... your only option is to run & hide in the lockers and cabinets scattered through the level. Even then, if an enemy saw you heading for a locker, they'll just open the door and kill you. The alien is invincible, bullets just bounce off it.The only part I like about the game are the aethetics, the ship, clothing/spacesuits, and computer UI designs are all top notch, but the gameplay is not for and FPS player like me. One of the few games on my Steam list that I regret buying."
76561197970462281,Not Recommended,214490,13677726,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Takezo,"If I had to discribe the gameplay it would be something like this. Crawl around... Hide... take a look around... Hide... Wait... Hide some more. Finally walk some steps then hide again and wait. Take a look around hide and wait... If you don't stick to that you will die and do the same thing over and over again. It's probabely a new genre called FPHW (First Person Hide and Wait)Without a doubt the most boring game I have ever played. I am sure some people will like it if they are into hide and seak. As far as I am conserned a total wast of money. I prefere a game that you can actually play instead of hiding and waiting. As for the atmosphere the graphics are nice and it does create the ""Alien-feel"" but it's not really scary at all. Mostly the atmosphere is wasted due to the excessively boring gameplay."
,Not Recommended,214490,14563246,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,obiWanted,"Takes to long to figure out where you are suppose to go next. You can spend hours in the same area wondering if the destination circle is above you or below you or what the heck it means. Also the Alien aboard is not really tracking anything, also when you shoot the Alien it doesn't ever flee/whince in some pain it just comes at you everytime to kill you. Which isn't much fun when its Alien vs You. The Alien should be like an AI where it picks up hints to find you, but its not like that at all. The coders just put the Alien in certain areas as you advance. The older game Aliens vs Predators is still the best value and game experience, do not buy any others at this point. Maybe something in 2016 will come out that will even be equal to Aliens vs Predators."
,Not Recommended,214490,26376979,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Knueppelnacht,"Actually the game is great if you are an Alien fan. But I would not buy it again, because they did not integrate Rift CV1 support. It worked greately with DK2, but now I can never play this game to the end because flat screen sucks after experiencing it in VR, and it looks like VR is never comming back to this game."
76561198030748969,Not Recommended,214490,13371996,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Toast for Twenty,"I have one word for this game: Boring.  To be fair, this kind of genre really isn't my thing but I got it because it looked cool and it was on sale. Even on sale I feel like I wasted my money. I started the game, it has good graphics and probably an ok story but most of the time was spent walking around a barely occupied spacecraft and wondering ""When the hell will I get to see this alien"" There's not even a trace of it until three hours into the game, until then you pretty much just walk around the spaceship. There isn't even a clear objective, you don't know you completed an objective until after you've done so. The first three hours you don't get any items or even learn how to make items until two hours later after starting. The save points are brutal, if the game crashes like mine did the first 20 times then you have to start from a save point and redo everything you did previously 20 minutes before and it's all just walking from point a to point b in a creepy surrounding wondering when the Alien is going to show up. It doesn't, not for awhile anyway. When I finally enoucntered the Alien it only showed itself for a breif second as I got on a transit vessel and it drops down right as the door closes, if you don't get on the transit the alien drops down and you die instantly with just a glimpse of the alien. My reply ""I waited 3 hours for that? Lame."" After that point I moved on to a different more exciting game.I may continue this game later if I got nothing better to do, but most likely it'll just chill in my library collecting virtual dust.If you enjoy walking around and feeling like something will jump out at you at any moment when nothing ever does for awhile, get this game. Other wise, wait for it to be marked down alot.Overall I give this game 3 out of 10 MF Falco's"
76561198039118472,Not Recommended,214490,29808024,Posted: 9 February,all,solleo,"I might be expecting something wrong, but it is so natural to compare this game with Dead Space because the game itself was motivated from the early Alien movies. Trapped in a hazardous place with some monsters crawling in the dark, even the tram system. And also using the element of suprise as a main device to please gamers. And if that was intended, this game is way too boring and stupid. I may change my mind as I play this game further since it's too late already to refund."
76561198004413401,Recommended,214490,22665107,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,[HN],"This game is incredible, it's the best recreation of the original Alien movie you could ever get.It has the tendency to drag a bit too much from time to time, but it's an still a fantastic game."
76561197964095311,Not Recommended,214490,30422284,Posted: 10 March,all,[EternalBetaPod] Dave,"*wander off into new section*""hey, stop""*stop*""pay attention to us""*starts walking back, empty handed*Gets shot to death by 5 dudes for no reasonI like how in a station full of busy androids and idiot humans the alien is just hanging out for that moving cable car."
76561197977630226,Not Recommended,214490,13309565,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,OnyxIdol,"Overall I give this game a thumbs down. First, the things I liked:+ good adaptation of the first movie material, lots of nostalgia+ Some extremely suspenseful sequencesNow the cons:- It took me many frustrating deaths until I learned out how to evade the alien while not hiding for minutes- Especially in the late game, they overdo it with how many single steps it takes to accomplish a single objective (""go there, press button, rinse and repeat"")- Human attackers feel out of place. They don't have anything better to do than to shoot at you while there is a fricking xenomorph prowling around.- Story is meh, boring characters one doesn't care aboutNow, if it was only these negatives, I'd have said it's an ok game. In the second half I died less often and ergo enjoyed the game more. But what soured my opinion extremely was thesequel-bait non-ending, which seems to be all the rage these days and which I hate with a burning passion. Perhaps they make an expansion that rectifies that, but for now I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ So there You have it."
76561198121486401,Not Recommended,214490,29903555,Posted: 13 February,all,Fustuarium,Rubbish. Why others like it so much is entirely beyond me. Alone In The Dark had more suspnse and better graphics twenty years ago. Tedious save point mechanics don't help any.  The first game in many many years I've dropped before completing.
76561198071788605,Not Recommended,214490,12518273,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Cactuses or cacti?,"The game had everything to be great, but it loses the fear and horror atmosphere in its firsts couple of hours and became a kind of hide and seek game. The Alien who its suppose to scares you just make you really mad of appear just before you reach the next save point. Yes, you will die a LOT in this game and have to replay the last 15 / 20 minutes to just die again. You will keep in this cicle until eventualy you finally be able to save your game. I strongly don't recommend this game, it will just makes you frustaded to lost your time."
,Not Recommended,214490,13041798,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nemeth782,"I usually like survival horror but I just don't enjoy the mechanics here.Early in the game you are hiding from a group of looters with guns. You only have a wrench. Sneak around, kill a looter, his gun is there but you can't pick it up, because reasons. Not long after this group, you find the same gun and can finally pick it up.Then, you return to the same area having picked up the item you needed to pass the door. The alien has appeared, and insta kills you.It's one of those games you have to constantly sneak everywhere, meaning getting from A to B takes absolutely ages, because instakill monsters could be anywhere, but most of the time won't be, so it just feels like a waste of time.Oh, and the save points are quite infrequent, so be prepared to punish yourself by repeating the same parts again and again."
,Not Recommended,214490,13156297,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Grey Moth,"I really wanted to like this game.I'll start off by saying, it's still the best 'Aliens' franchise game, and took a unique step in what was a series of action/shooter style games to try horror. And for a while, it did very well.Positives include a neat little salvage, and gadget creation mechanic. Things like EMP to deal with androids, noise makers to draw attention elsewhere, and smoke bombs to help you sneak around all added a nice flavor. Nothing original was pushed forward in it, but they worked more often than not and rewarded you for using them.Negatives include, it manically goes up and down from horror survival, to shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything if you ever hope to progress. Because you won't be sneaking by that many enemies all clumped together, or the aliens (yes, aliens, not alien) who is extremely agressive and has no hesitation in hunting you down, relentlessly, for minutes at a time. Where your only options are to stuff yourself in a drawer, and sit there, staring out of the little grate til it wants to go play in the vents. Or scaring it off with the use of fire, be it a molotov grnade you crafted or the flamethrower it tosses at you.Even after scaring it off, several times it has killed me by going into the vent, waiting for me to be busy with a objective and drop down nearly half a minute, perhaps less, to kill me or absorb still more of my limited salvage to chase it off yet again. It's like a chore. Chase the alien. Push the button. Chase the alien off. Push another button. Stuff yourself in cupboard. Have a smoke, or take a♥♥♥♥♥♥til it goes away. Washed over and over and over again.And boy, those savepoints. When there isn't a savepoint for twenty minutes during a exceptionally dangerous part of the game, they're all right next to a, you guess it, alien. Forcing you to repeat long instances, memorizing where the vents are. Or just ripping your throat out for having the audacity to complete objectivs in small rooms where it has no choice but to path its way right into your dumb♥♥♥♥♥The game is bad. I wanted a great deal to like it. But too many of the mechanics seem rammed in there by a spur of the moment design suggestion. The alien -should- be difficult, but your immersion is torn to shreds as many times as poor Amanda finds herself abruptly penetrated by a long tail. A lot of promise that falls dreadfully short of a survival horror game. And while we're at it, 'Isolation' should imply you're alone most of the damn time. Not running into idiot salvagers and soldiers left and right. Fun to toss a flashbang into them, and let the alien just rip them to shreds, though."
,Not Recommended,214490,31609360,Posted: 7 May,all,Phiolos,"Unfortunately, I can't recommend this amazing game, because there has been an ongoing issue with nvidia cards.  The game will randomly crash, and there doesn't seem to be a fix coming.  Too bad."
,Not Recommended,214490,12580477,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,nakedhand,"If you enjoy your game experience to primarily consist of looking for different ways to get through doors, then welcome to Alien Isolation.This game is pretty, not in a next gen kind of way, but decent enough. Texture work is very homogenous and neat. The overall style does a good job being true to parts of the Alien movie. The visuals is clearly the game strongest suit.It must be played in the dark with headphones to result in the occasional jolt and scare, and it does succeed in this aspect from time to time! A delightful experience. How ever this game is not a horror game. The Alien walks around like a human on two legs most of the time. It´s simply not scary.Game mechanics is the weakness of this game. The minigames are ridiculous and the crafting and item usage largely do not matter to survival on the medium difficulty beyond the medkit. Weapons are useless and once you get the flamethrower the last shred of fear of the Alien dissipates. The stealth mechanic is broken beyond repair and the Alien AI is very rudimentary.I will recommend this game when it hits the sub 10 EUR mark, and only for people who really appreciate Alien visuals and long sequences of getting from point A to point B to press button C to get through door D ad nauseum.In short the game is a failure as a game, however for the avid fan it is entertaining enough a third of the way. After that the games feel like a laboreous chore. Seeing the game as a vaguely interactive movie helps the experience."
76561198078066319,Not Recommended,214490,32672662,Posted: 23 June,all,Dablaze32,Glamorized walking simulator... tried playing it several times but got bored out of my skull.... you have been warned.
,Recommended,214490,12390220,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Solmuş,"I've played about 15 minutes of it so far, managing to soil myself twice.I give it 10 changes of underwear out of 10."
76561198062483455,Not Recommended,214490,13222627,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[82DK]Bagelsworth,Not really a game I felt like playing past the tutorial.
,Not Recommended,214490,32869744,Posted: 27 June,all,onetime.promotion,"I have played the bloody game for 3h, saw ONE alien tail and got killed by a fellow homo sapiens about fourteen times. Because the game is rigged so I can't kill the woman who notices me, BECAUSE I can't run for pre determined time to kill her. And if you manage to kill them all, Ripley can't pickup the revolvers lying aroung the dead bodies, what kind of game desing is this?This game just doesn't live the hype, don't spend your money to this.continuum....It just gets much more boring, Androids won't die, their abilities won't degenerate no matter how many mechanical sensor or joints you destroy.Hiding aliens are just dumb, running few meters ofline from the ceiling corridors and you won't get caught by the aliens. Bloody frustrating, why not just filling in on your tax papers instead of this useless pile of make me hide in this part of the scripted, linear storyline.My grandma has a faster pace than this game.This game S-U-C-K-S so bad it had honor to be the second game I would not play trough.Game shoudl be entertaining, this is not. I use IM while I wait the bloody alien to go away, where's the entertainment part there?Game mechanics is like this ""sneak around dark corners, waiting your time and life pass by while nothing interesting or entertaining happens."""
,Recommended,214490,20404397,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,altu {WEMP},Walking through the Medical Labs. Locates keycard needed for the doctor to help you. Avoids the Alien creature while making way back to the Doctor. Spots the Alien in a room and proceeds to other side of Lab. Alien jumps down from ceiling and grabs you.
76561198004117750,Not Recommended,214490,17125787,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Bingo,doesnt even work.. black screen when trying to start game.. wheres the refund option?
76561198108990236,Not Recommended,214490,26466603,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,raiguel,"I suppose this game will appeal to some players, but unfortunately, I don't seem to one of them. The graphics are great, the puzzles are engageing, but gameplay is slow, plodding, and generally boring. The player spends far too much time hiding and sneaking around, and just avoiding being killed by things he has little or no defense against. One will find himself re-playing the same tedious levels again and again just trying to survive long enough to complete that level - only to advance to another level equally irritating and tedious. Not my style, I prefer a stand-up shooter, where the player has at least some defenses against the enemy, and I sorely regret having squandered forty bucks on this game."
,Not Recommended,214490,29690055,Posted: 4 February,all,the thing is...,"I think I saw something, was it chuck norris?"
,Not Recommended,214490,22660373,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,iluvOP,Its like a facebook minigame within a game!
,Not Recommended,214490,17078823,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Wolf,"Last time i bought (and had to return) this game it wouldn't even run unless you had a Version 11 video card, as stated in the (wow been like 10 years since i last looked at) Minimum System Requirements. However it runs fine on consoles that lack version 11 cards."
76561198004176192,Not Recommended,214490,13301406,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Centerofexcellence,"I am underwhelmed. Boring running around searching for random buttons and collecting scrap.Does not feel like an Alien game at all.Also I have to admit here I did not get far, I tried, I really tried hard to like the game, but it is bad.And I played all the Alien games, also I am a huge story shooter addict.Can not recommend it. :(Better get Dead Space or some of the older Alien games."
,Not Recommended,214490,24066256,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Marcus Helius,"It's such a shame that this game sucks.I love the Alien films, and the original Alien vs Predator game was amazing, but as much as I wanted to play through this game and experience the story and characters, it failed on mechanics and basic gameplay.Mechanically the game gives you very little control over what you can do to overcome a situation.It's hard to explore and understand the layout of an area or what you need to do when enemies are around,you have no idea where to go or where to hide until you have run around dying and respawning a few times finding where vents and doors are located.I spent a lot of this game (and by that I mean the 2 hours I could play this and still get a refund) replaying areas because people with guns kept shooting me if I didn't stick to the EXACT path to complete an area (which was not clear at all).Sometimes I would hide in a vent after being chased by enemies and wait, not knowing if it is safe to exit until I hear the enemies saying they have given up looking for me, and even then they might still be standing right at the vent...I thought the enviroment of a shadowy space ship would be the perfect setting for a stealth based survival game but it is infact horrible when you have no where to hide.I would rather this game had a 'hiding indicator' like skyrim/oblivion, an objectives menu screen to read what you need to do in an area and where to go and the ability to jump, climb and potentially go prone and crawl under things...I can't say this game is for anyone but the MOST patient of gamers and the BIGGEST fans of the Alien films/games."
,Not Recommended,214490,33044178,Posted: 30 June,all,Brewer74,Milky andriods
,Not Recommended,214490,12509791,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,darkixi,I just spent $50 to be able to spend 20+ mins hiding under a table..
,Not Recommended,214490,33649872,Posted: 19 July,all,Malkovitch's Gaming Game Show,"4/10 Good game to watch someone else playGraphics wise this game is beautiful, the lights of control consoles and sparks, just majastic. The game really makes you affraid of the alien. Immediatly starts hunting you ruthlessly.The problem I had witht the game was the controls and first person view. I have seen reviews praise the game for making it feel like youre really isolated and weak, the controls and view to help build your sense of isolation (got eem).The first couple of minutes after getting free rein over the movement are interesting but after a few short cooridors it doesnt make you immersed it just gets really f*cking annoying. Run speed is at most 2X the walking speed which is at best a crawl it seems. Along with your sensitivity getting dumbed down while in the running mode being dumbed down by the stamina feature.The view of the character you're controlling is another feature I was annoyed by. The view of the main character is so small and squared in its just annoying to comprehend. Along with the many instances of guessing whether or not an enemy can see you or not then leaning out to see then being spotted is just excrutiating.Finally the alien. Yes the alien is supposed to be hard, youre supposed to be powerless. I get it, but the way the stealth is set up in the levels makes it feel like it was going to be an fps not a stealth game. No cover most of the time you have to hide in lockers placed sparingly throughout or creep your way through checking every corner, along with watching the alien detector gismo. WHICH BEEPS ALERTING ENEMYS INCLUDING THE ALIEN. The alien being by far the most annoying feature. The alien you can hear in the rafters moving around getting closer or farther away. But if you make a mistake or crouch walk a little too fast it gets right up to you in a second and rips you in half. With the wide open spaces its pretty hard to not be spotted by it or other enemies. I even cranked it down to the easiest difficulty and still got the same results.Overall the game just looks pretty and provokes some cool ideas, but the levels are not set up for stealth and the slow movement doesn't allow for quick movements shadow to shadow. The fist person makes it so you can't tell if the enemy would see you from a cover piece. Alien is cool until it shows up and runs behind your cover while youre stealthed and sees you and insta-kills you.Summing up, this game was annoying to play. Watch someone else 4/10"
,Not Recommended,214490,12422308,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fear57,"Do you enjoy quick time events for every encounter? Do you enjoy mini-games for every locked door and some objects? Do you love a feeling of boredom that makes you get angry because you are so bored? If you answered yes to any of these then Alien: Isolation is for you!While graphicaly impressive that is the only positive thing it has for it, it is a bore fest of running down the same hallways to collect keycards to open doors, running back across the station to use a computer, or just running down empty areas with no enemies. Isolation is filled with things that should not exist such as, making you play areas while locking you into walk only mode across 10 - 20 minutes of nothing that should of been a cutscene, walking across a room after a loading screen to get another loading screen.Did I mention you can craft? Well let's start there. Isolation is filled with items to collect to craft items, some of them are Medkits, Noise Makers, EMP Mine, and Smoke Bombs. Seems like quite the selection, yet you need some deadly enemies to use these and are the enemies deadly? No, in fact all the human enemies you encounter act as if it's against the rules of the game to engage you. Some Synthetic enemies can not be harmed by anything except all of your ammunition, and the Alien can not be harmed at all.Now, what about that revolutionary Alien A.I.? Well it's anything but revolutionary, it is the most basic seeking A.I. there is. Once you observe it you will be able to know where it is going to go and what it is going to do and the best part, is you don't even need to hide in lockers from it, you can just crouch down and move behind objects. What about the human enemies? What can I say, it's the same as the Aliens.Now the synthetic androids, you will encounter these more then humans and aliens combined! These guys are ruthless in a hunt and will follow you across entire levels, they take stupid amounts of ammunition to kill one and you can not hide from them, good thing about them is that they can only walk but that will not stop them in their hunt for you. Hm, maybe this should of been called ""Android Invasion.""Now for the story. What story? You just read it in the store page description, and that's exactly what it is 12 pain staking hours to hear a brief recording and another 3 hours to get off the ship. Yes, Isolation is a mental strain across 15 - 20 hours of nothing but, collecting items to craft and evading enemies, and the reward you get? The worst ending in a video game. Maybe the DLC will be better and shorter, much much shorter."
76561198037363080,Not Recommended,214490,20010166,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jon.pettet....get some!!!!,wasted my money on this game. but this happends from time to time you pay your money and take a chance .
76561198125004197,Recommended,214490,22882551,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,PinAwayMafia,Scare the FAQ outta me
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,214490,34425908,Posted: 22 August,all,M6Hurricane,"ALL ABOARD THE RAILROAD GAME! CHOO CHOO! The entire game is replaying a scene over and over until you figure out what the game wants you to do. --> Alien: Isolation is a puzzle game. It is not a shooter, it is not a scary game. <--The game APPEARS to give you a choice, but in reality it's their way or the dead way. For example, the ONLY way to get a revolver is off of the table. The fact that you hammered a guy and can kick his gun around on the ground means nothing. That's pretty dumb for a game that wants to be ""ambient"" and ""situationally"" scary, and it completely breaks immersion.""THE ALIEN IS COMING AT ME,♥♥♥♥♥♥LEMME SHOOT IT BECAUSE I HAVE NO OTHER OPTIONS!"" ........... and your bullets do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, doesn't even slow him down. So now that you can't interact with the guns on the ground, and bullets do absolutely nothing, you're left with ""ok well what does the game want me to do?"" And at juncture, what is even the point of putting any guns in the game?**Normally immersion is not a huge deal. However, if this game doesn't have immersion then it becomes just a puzzle game with violent failure animations. This game isn't scary because it breaks itself too often.**"
,Not Recommended,214490,30803010,Posted: 28 March,all,YardSaleStalker,"I've been playing games for 3 decades. It shouldn't take me a decade to get to the ""game"" part of a game. I gave up around the 4 hour mark. Sucks because I was sold on the atmosphere. HOLD [E] TO HIDE, from what? We have seen 25% of an alien once, and that was an hour ago. I was already able to hide 3 hours before that.♥♥♥♥♥♥or get off the pot, game."
76561198162161957,Not Recommended,214490,25359194,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NOT N0T,"spooky, aliens not included"
,Not Recommended,214490,34666650,Posted: 1 September,all,rbvinny,Hide under a table simulator.
,Recommended,214490,12403012,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Kuehnau,"Not only is it an impressive game on it's own, but from a technical standpoint, but from a game-play standpoint, but it's impiressive how optimized this game is for the PC platform.The reality is, there are games that came out a year ago, they don't run nearly as well as this game does, even on older hardware and it's nice to see the people responsible didn't drag their feet when developing it for PC."
76561198009951851,Not Recommended,214490,28949367,Posted: 2 January,all,Silica,"crashes, unplayable. dont buy"
76561198335033381,Not Recommended,214490,30269513,Posted: 1 March,all,wanna kms becuz auto,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,214490,29857507,Posted: 11 February,all,rainbowvein,"The overall gameplay is stale. The menus are disorganized and unnecessarily difficult to reach. In some instances you can't even unequip items. Even within the first minutes playing the game, I encountered a bug that wouldn't let me advance and forced me to start a new save file. The character movements and controls are awkward with not much room for personalization. The environment isn't very immerse either: plenty of luggage and boxes to rummage through for items, but are inaccessible. Not very impressed. Probably will not play again."
76561198169588081,Not Recommended,214490,23509585,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,RSV8,"Game breaking bug right at the beginning: Trying to get to the dressing room, then doors simple won't open anymore. Stuck. Tried several different settings. Mac OS 10.11, MBP early 2013."
,Not Recommended,214490,28279432,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,*PALE CROW*,"i hated how long this game is and i hated all the stupid mini game tings there, even a door that need to be open you have to push some buttons to gain access it will become stupid more and more when you are at the half of the game which makes it boring"
76561197993380339,Not Recommended,214490,24035600,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Strelok of Rivia,Alien AI is just plain stupid. Asked for a refund.
,Not Recommended,214490,13247718,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rax Savvage,"This is more of a fight against RNG and repetitive slog against ""welp cause your doing that ima spawn in this vent next to you even though i was just roaming around randomly, hi,die, load, repeat... for about 3-4 hours worth of the overall game time. The ending felt like they basically couldn't work out how to end the game or agree how to end it, the final in game sequence was.... honestly one of 4 expected endings, the others being face huggled at some point, going down in a blaze of glory and a final stand against a lot of xenomorphs with a weapon that actually worked. Overall disapointing throughout to the point that Colonial Marines was easily a much better game in terms of just working through the story, no fighting RNG simply cause the game wants to troll just to get to the next save point and hopefully not die trying to use it. I felt bored by the constant reload due to the xenomorph just doing completly random stuff, the human AI was terrible, the synthetics might well be the best thing in the game.The broken down, aging tech robots that cant run and easily killed are your games best feature. Doing it wrong."
76561198075463921,Not Recommended,214490,29801956,Posted: 9 February,all,zoiemorrison,This game is slow and lame. The movement dynamics are poor at best. You are restricted from areas by not being able to step over a suitcase or some other small item. The save / load game system is bugged. This was a waste of my time.
76561197962786957,Recommended,214490,32978284,Posted: 29 June,all,pizzathecookie,This game is GARBAGE!
,Not Recommended,214490,31461213,Posted: 30 April,all,Happy Humble Hermit,"I've tried to get into this game on two separate occassions and I just couldn't. It's extremely repetitive with all the dumb minigames you have to do to open every freaking door. The game crawls at a snails pace and in the 2ish hours I played I never got scared. The alien stomps around like an autistic kid. I had more fun playing co-op Colonial Marines just mindlessly blasting away aliens than this game. The graphics and soundtrack are amazing, but the gameplay doesn't encourage me to keep playing."
76561198026268247,Not Recommended,214490,30081131,Posted: 21 February,all,gn00979905,So many BUG that I can't open the DOOR!!!!
,Not Recommended,214490,14456394,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Never Nude,"I played the game through one time, on the hard setting and was able to beat it in <18 hours. So it is VERY short and fairly easy.First, the good. The graphics, sound, emersion, lore, and everything else aesthetic about this game is beautiful, you feel like you are really in the Alien universe. As a ""ride"" this game is fun.Now...the bad:First is the AI, its a joke. The alien is not ""Smart"" at all. Typical Script like activity, warping around the map, and just general stupid behavior. The Humans are even worse, and the androids pose no threat at all. The only time you die in this game is in annoying ""gotcha"" moments and unfair glitches. There were plenty of times were I would hide, the alien wouldn’t leave, and I would just have to expose myself to die. Every time you die, the Alien randomly spawns somewhere else, so it's really just a dice roll if you are going to make it or not. Another major annoyance for me was there are also random android bodies on the floor, that you can clearly see are traps (but they contain items), however you can only Kill them if you let them attack you first...The game is also painfully linear, and you spend most of the time following the waypoint maker on your tracking device...exploration gives little to no reward (in game items or entertainment value). The game is extremely repetitive, and the mechanics stay the same from the start (no evolution at all). I don't see any point in getting the DLC and doing more of the same...The ending is also abrupt and horrible...adding insult to injury.Overall, it could be worth playing for the graphics, but don't pay more than 20 dollars for it."
,Not Recommended,214490,31726648,Posted: 13 May,all,xBroleh,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME! THE GAME ONLY SAVES ONCE EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING HOUR OR MORE AND IF YOU DIE ONCE YOU HAVE TO START ALL OVER AGAIN.  I QUIT IM SO PARANOID
76561198001854882,Not Recommended,214490,12422920,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Stranger,"This game is a mixed bag. I'm not sure whether to recommend it or not. It's got fantastic graphics and the sound is top notch. You get to explore a dark, derelict futuristic environment while the creaks and groans of the space station build a creepy atmosphere. The art is very classy and really captures the feel of the 80's dystopian future of the Alien movies. It's got nice puzzle mechanics and a good story. The intro is very long and sets the scene nicely, giving the player a slow burning feeling of paranoia.However for some reason it decides to occasionally go down the old tired unrealistic route of making the player hide and sneak past randomly patrolling enemies, exactly the way you've done before in 100 other games. However in this game, all you can really do is avoid enemies so you just have to wait ages for them to randomly wander away from you, or accidentally trigger a scripted event that makes them go do something else. If they spot you, enemies kill you almost instantly so you have to do it all again, trial and error style. The Alien is well designed and well animated, but we've seen it so many times before that it loses some of its magic.It's a shame they decided to spoil the overall atmosphere with these annoying sneak-em-up sequences since it doesn't really add anything but length to the game. I'd really like to recommend Alien: Isolation but it falls kind of short of deserving full price. Maybe wait for a sale?"
,Not Recommended,214490,12604005,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,cmicroc,"I would love to recommend this game, but sadly I just cannot...There have been at least 3 occasions trying to play through it where I almost gave up completely and uninstalled it.The Graphics are great, probably the best I have seen in a game so far, and there is a game in there somewhere trying to get out. In the initial few sections I was really enjoying the game, and it managed to build a good sense of suspense. But then sadly it all crumbled away to be replaced with pure frustration - the idiotic save game system coupled with the bizare AI of the alien combine to make some sections just plain stupid.Dying repeatedly to causes outside your control, meaning that you keep repeating the same small section over and over again, soon disipates any sense of imersion in the game. Indeed I have lost count of the number of times I was just left swearing at the developers for producing such absolute crap...Still I have almost got to the end, and I will persevere for a little longer...So at the end of they day, my recommendation is to wait till it turns up as a real bargin in the sales, and then only buy it if you have bucket loads of patience.I will come back and ammend this _IF_ I ever get to the end of the game."
,Not Recommended,214490,12601597,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Mightydoot,"I'm done with this game. I just can't be bothered anymore. The save points are so far apart that you literally waste your time again and again doing the same corridor sequence and dying completely at random until you eventually randomly get past. This is how the game stretches on for as long as it does. It's just repetition. You can't save. I dont' know about others but I don't have the time to waste on this especially when the storyline is nothing special, and there's little in the way of gameplay besides waiting around for ages."
,Not Recommended,214490,12481904,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[dhcp]Silicon,"A beautiful, terrifying game which is unfortunately plagued with pacing issues and bugs which will cause hours of hard work to vanish. A console-style save system just rubs salt in the wounds.Maybe a PC patch would help with these problems, but unlike RIpley, I'm not holding my breath."
76561197971176694,Not Recommended,214490,12495915,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Skooma Steve,"First off, the good elements of the game: It captures the feel of the original alien movie very well. It is genuinely tense in many parts due to the atmospheric audio and sound track. The graphics side of things are also quite impressive, the game is fairly nice to look at. However my expereince so far of the game is overall disapointing.  It is by no means a bad game, but it does not quite live up to the expectations. My biggest complaints are as follows:Firstly, you learn very quickly that the game is a console port. As a result the control of your charcter in the game does not feel as sharp as a pc game should. However this is a fairly minor complaint and the game does allow you to turn off aim assist to limit the horrible feel of a console game.Secondly, and probably one of the biggest problems I had with this game are the enemy characters and the AI. The game features not just a big scary alien, but also hostile human and synthetic enemies. I first encountered the armed human enemies who I decided to try and avoid as this stealthy style of game play seemed to be what the game was all about. This method worked fairly well most of the time, but when I found myself in one situation where I needed to get passed a room full of eneimes I failed every time. I kept getting discovered and gunned down wether I used distrations or tried different routes when trying to sneak passed. I lured all my enemies and hid in a vent, but rather than continuing on with thier search they all gathered arouned the door near the vent I was in as if they knew they couldn't attack me because they hadn't techinically found me yet, but they also didn't look any further past where I was hiding making it impossible to slip by. At this point I was so sick and tired of trying the stealth approach that I leapt out of the vent and charged my hunters with the crow bar like weapon. They all noticed me and raised their guns but since they were all standing so closed to eachother only the enemy directly in front would attempt to attack me. The others just stood there waiting thier turn while I slowly clubbed each one to death. In the end I mananged to fairly easily take out 4 guys with guns by myself with a crow bar.On that point, the guns. After killing all my armed enemies I naturally thought, woo I can hoard all thier shiny new guns. However I was wrong, the game only allows you to kick the guns around on the floor that have been dropped by your conquered enemies. You have to wait untill you get to the room with the special gun just for you because apparaently that is the only weapon you know how to pick up.So from this I learned that the AI in this game was not necessarily as intelligent as the sales pitch made out. Next I encounted the android or synthetic enemies. There was a moment where you are hiding in a vent and the game shows you a random person being attacked and killed by a synthetic. This I figured was the game telling me, ""ok so the synthetics will attack you now ok?"" However since by this point I had a gun I decided to have a crack at one I found by himself. I shot the robot in the back of his head which understandably provoked him. However no matter how many more bullets I unloaded into his face he didn't go down. When he finally cornered me I discovered they the synthetics are also capable of catching almost every hit with the crow bar making it useless to attack them as well. I know these characters are supposed to be robots not people, but why give me weapons at all? This encapsulates my main problem with this game over all. The game is difficult in a really lazy way. You get weapons and guns and the like only to find out that in order to stop you being rambo, the game simply turns off the effect of these weapons on most of the enemies. Robots come at you even if you fired enough bullets that they should no longer have a head. However this lazy neutering of the weapons is worst of all with the feature character of the game, the alien.Obviously you can't just kill the alien because there is only 1. However, during my first few encounters with the creature which were actually quite tense I always managed to sneak past him. Finally howver there was a moment when he saw me from the other end of a long hall way and immediately charged towards me. I pulled out my selectively useful revolver and fired off round after round thinking I could distract or stun the monster for a moment to make my escape. However the alien wasn't too bothered and charaged straight on at me. In fact my bullets didn't even seem to exist when fired at the alien. Literally, there was no impact animation or anyhting on the alien it was as though I was firing blanks. The game essentially says, 'no you can't kill the alien so we are just going to turn your guns off when you use them against our baby"" It really feels as though the guns, or at least the ones that fire bullets, are in the game specifically for use against the other human enemies only. Again this game is by no means bad, just not as good as it could have been or as it was marketed to be. You quickly become aware of the limitations and controls the game places over you so that you play the way it wants rather than how you want."
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,214490,34005229,Posted: 3 August,all,mikku3,"The pretty visuals do not make up for poor gameplay such as repetition, backtracking, poor maps, jump scares etc.  And worst of all are the cheap deaths. They are the bane of gamers and it's just like playing against a cheat. When devs have no original ideas they introduce devices such as traps, collapsing floors, QTEs and tedious boss fights.  Or in this case an alien who appears from nowhere without warning, and your tracking device will give you away as well - great !  How convenient for the programmers as a way to create tension - it becomes tiresome.  And you are so underpowered - why have any weapons at all ? And I don't remember Ripley dying all the time in the film so why do it here?  It's an OK game if you enjoy the feeling of helplessness."
,Not Recommended,214490,31729098,Posted: 13 May,all,booty bongos,BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORING
76561198020885145,Not Recommended,214490,28607927,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,parke.topher,"This game gave me vertigo.  Something is wrong with the camera, and none of the posted solutions fixed it for me."
76561198301770896,Not Recommended,214490,24823220,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,mazz4wood,a litl lagey on windos idk about any othere coputer that has the same problem but other then that its a grate game
,Not Recommended,214490,25970841,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,rafasc_94,"no, just no this game made me promise to never buy another ""horror"" game againfirst 3 hours of the game are interesting, and when Alien starts appearing things get quite fun for 1 hour. The unpredictable AI was porbably a good idea on paper and has a nice ring to it however technically its really bad and abnoxious i passed 1 ♥♥♥♥ING HOUR on a small level because i had to stay under a desk, inside a locker, in other words hidden, because the ♥♥♥♥ing alien was constatly in the area and sometimes in the small room that i was hidden. I dont want to play a game where i have to stay still during 10 to 15 minutes. Got bored, didnt even finish and cannot refund DO NOT RECOMEND"
,Not Recommended,214490,26165661,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,MVme,"I would love to try and enjoy this game, if it didn't keep crashing in the same spot."
76561198166564930,Not Recommended,214490,31612701,Posted: 7 May,all,DevBeat csgolive.com,"Consistently crashes, several times within just the first hour. I tried diagnostics and online support, but neither helped."
76561198101423822,Not Recommended,214490,13819914,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,terencecjsmith,"Very good graphics and a good atmosphere, however the alien in the game makes me regret ever spending money on it."
76561197976295768,Not Recommended,214490,24922052,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jim,"They wanted to make a b movie nightmare more like b gradeit's so annoying I can't imagine how it got any positive reviewssave game points are locked in to specific stations which is only a necessary game mechanic if there's going to be sections that you will have to repeat over and over again which predictably there isthe first thing that ragged me was that you could sneak up behind the first bunch of hostiles but they would drop their weapons but you couldn't pick them up only the ammowhat's the point in that if you can't shoot itafter that you find a revolver in a desk but the next bunch of hostiles and the alien are bulletproof so you spend ages just trying to creep around avoiding detection and I like hated games like that since NOLF & Deus Ex because it doesn't really work and all they are trying to do is get you to waste time to make it seem as though the game has more depth than it really does.  Just illusion distraction smoke & mirrors.The creepy horror factor of the alien franchise has always been waaaay way overegged it just isn't that 'boo scared ya' and although there is an objective pointer the map is really difficult to interpret and I've been going around in circles in the med bay for an hour visiting every location but I just cannot see the way through to the objectiveboredom factor 9 set in so I just looked up the walkthroughshould've simply watched a playthrough then probably I would've realised how stupid this ♥♥♥♥ing crud is but not wanting to spoil the game as it had positive reviews I bought a copy well not anymore this♥♥♥♥♥♥makes me angry.   I try so hard to make decent purchases but this is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Like you wouldforget your suppressed pistol or any kind of weapon at all despite the station being damaged and comms downjust when you needed onewaste of timeSo it's the game that you need a fast disk and memory to reload your save point every 30secondspity they don't get itwhat the fans like about sci fi is the gadgets and the locations.  Orbit around a gas giant isn't a bad idea.  But they skimped on the special effects just like they do in the movie - which is why you get 1min20second in the movie of actual alien.The pc is a  lot more versatile so where was the effort to make the game more interactive and to give the fans what they are most interested in- the movie set,  space vessel and its computer systems and some depth.  More than one spacewalk would've been nice as well as several trips maybe via shuttle to the different moons  as well as a bit more back story concerning the origins of the alien.The story is bascially a repeat of the original alien.  To an absolute tee a carbon copy of the plot  they just spin it off finding the black box of the nostromo and the alien's unwitting victims are drawn in and carry it back to the station or shipExactly what they did in the movies. The aliens had no problem stowing aboard different vessels because they can survive in the vaccum one or two fight and the others hide.We know from the movie that they are vulnerable to a peppering from assault rifles so I guess that means no Americans were involved in the making of thiswho went into deep space without that mother is not American after seeing that movie spacemen believe in alien life maybe they don't think what if it only wants to eat youdidn't like the ending either I think she should've escaped in the real sense and then warned earth.In the film it is only their screwed up politics that lets the alien win they won't kill it because they want to study and control it as a bio weapon.  I guess in the end like the movie there wasn't anywhere to go with it except to burn up in the atmosphere."
76561198016107198,Not Recommended,214490,24362854,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,mikeytron,"I hate  to say it. A complete waste of money. Inadequte controls, video and options. I loved the movies but this game is not worth your time. Boring and really all you do is avoid an Alein. Not to mention you cannot find your items easily. They missed the boat on this one. I gave it a good shot. I read on posts on ""why"" things did not work. Here's the bottom line. I pay money I get product. Don't tell me what you cannot do, just tell me what you can. It is very very rare that I do not finish a game."
76561197970465924,Not Recommended,214490,13311495,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Core2029,"TLDR:Linear, boring, unintelligent, monotonous trudgefest of a game.  I regret noticing the 50% off sale on my Wishlist and believing all the positive reviews.The Experience:I awake from cryo-sleep to see a drinking bird toy (without required water) and a sumo wrestler dolly. Why is there a drinking bird and a sumo wrestler dolly? There must be a reason but there's no time to figure that out right now, I've got aliens to deal with. I progress down the generic hallway dispatching green colored things like a pro. I pick up something in this or that until I find exactly what I must have needed all along, clothes! Right, I must be naked from my cryo-sleep! I get dressed and take some time to play with the shower ""greenie"" a bit... too bad I'm already dressed... next scene...I'm told we're approaching something or other so I prepare myself for what is to come... but wait... everyone just sits down and looks at useless monitors while one guy paces between the windows. What to do... hmmm... I begin searching the floor looking for greenies. Finding nothing of use I begin backtracking clicking a few more greenies with whatevers in them and stow them away because surely I'll need these whatevers for whenever. I wander around for a good 15 minutes realizing I've now circled everything there is to see several times.... Giving up I access my PDA (Google) only to discover that there's a magical folder I have to activate ten feet behind me with no indication of it's magical progressive properties. If only the folder were green... Anyway, immediately after I activate the magical folder I find myself out in space with my two friends, A and B, when suddenly something happens and my friends are unceremoniously stripped away from me! I'm left alone with no idea of what just happened. Poor A and B. Next scene...I peer through the condensation of my space suit trying to get my bearings. A few spins around the room and something green comes into focus. I approach this mysterious greenie and activate it. Something happens and I'm standing there looking at space suits behind glass. Not knowing what just happened I spin around a few more times realizing the cool condensation from my space suit is gone! What just happened? Did I wipe the glass clean? Did an alien do it? After a few moments I realized I must have neatly leapt out of my suit and carefully placed it into it's glass covered container with hardly a thought! Wow! Next scene...I find myself entering a destroyed area with hardly a light in place. My first inclination, as everyone's would be in tense situations, is to ask the darkness if anyone is there to help me. Receiving no assistance I begin fumbling around for something green. The fumbling is disconcerting due to structures failing, things exploding and lights swinging for some reason but I must press on... Aliens!  Shortly after that I discover a green terminal and begin poking at it until 3 new friends burst out of one door, run across the room and disappear through another door. I wonder where they're rushing off too. Perhaps to something green? I quickly chase after them only to discover they've vanished and both the door they entered from and the door they left through are completely locked. Maybe they clicked something green?I can't even keep this up...This game is so bad I uninstalled it before I ever saw an alien.Save your money."
76561198052666942,Not Recommended,214490,31851360,Posted: 19 May,all,DUKEOFBIOHAZZARD,"""AI.exe has stopped working""Good game, bad port. Near constant crashing on my core i7/GTX 1070 rig. Game is basically unplayable, at least for me."
,Not Recommended,214490,33545106,Posted: 14 July,all,AtomSymbol,Too hard. Repetitive. Very good graphics.
76561198069108405,Not Recommended,214490,32173497,Posted: 4 June,all,ph.nemanja.jeremic,Garbage! Unplayable on linux.
76561198027515091,Not Recommended,214490,12432287,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SuperHummous,"First couple of hours the game is dimply stunning , but then it gets boring, as the same scenario repeats over an over - you have to get to room A, while Mr.Alien is lurking around along some pre-programmed orbit, always no more than 30 feet away. So after half an hour you figure out second by second which turns to take and where to hide - and get there, only to realize that you actually need to get to room B - and the Alien is still on your tail. There is no clever strategy or gaming skills - because you are not fighting against AI, but against a thing which is programmed to see you through walls, and run towards you,  but never actually catch you unless you are exposed. Just reload and try, until you make all the right moves - and its Dumb."
,Not Recommended,214490,26268961,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mephasto,"*** SPOILERS WARNING ****I'm writing this game as fan of the Alien(1979), Aliens(1986), and Prometheus(2012) movies.Alien:Isolation is awesome game that has very scary and interesting early game, however that's when the fun stops.. after progressing to mid-end game the story turns into a slog. I was so frustrated with the attempts to extend the game every time you were about to ""complete"" it.Sevastopol is great piece of junk, it looks great. I did love and hate it at the same time. The Space station feels like old claustrofobic soviet vessel, i did hate every part of beign on the ship.. wanting to get out. I think thats the right feeling developers were after.Lack of windows make it eaven worse, i were often wondering how horrible it would be to actually live on the station (before the alien outbreak)The best moment i had in the game was to see this horrible piece of junk burn and explode into the planet. I was cheering the whole cutscene.Pros:* Graphics, Sevastopol looks great! It's just like in Alien movies.* Sound & Atmosphere* Sounds of the alien lurking in vents and nearby is very scary* Minigames are fun and intense if there is alien nearby* Sevastopol is very claustrofobic and MAKES you want to get out of it as soon as possible.* Visiting the Engineer ship was one of the best parts of the game!* Parts where you operate outside the stationCons:* Story has so many silly excuses to continue when you are so close to completing it, dragging the story for way too long.* Game loses it's scare factor after Alien dies.* You enter alien Hive but never encounter the Queen.. i was expecting her from this point to the last cutscene.* Alien is not scary after a while, it's incredibly frustrating when you have to play same 30min part over and over again.* Game is long because you will die a lot and play the same part so many times you want to stop playing* Aliens can live outside the station in space, what?* The Story elements were too much similar to events of the movies* I was sometimes just standing behind the alien and laughing as it just stood there doing nothing (the part when you wait the ambulance capsule to open)Total:Graphics - 10Sound - 10A.I - 7Gameplay - 6 (early game 9)Story - 6---;TLDR awesome early game, after that the game becomes very boring and repetitive."
76561198135120469,Not Recommended,214490,29430620,Posted: 22 January,all,projournalist,BORING....Don't waste your money.
76561197989272183,Not Recommended,214490,12520106,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MechaDraco,"To start I want to say that I did enjoy this game, it had alot of good elements, and a very compelling storyline, however its pros, do not really outweight its cons, at least for the current price of the game. (first sale price)The main thing this game had going for it is its fandom, the aliens genra has always had a huge following and easily draws them in with pretty much any game they make for it, be it a game as fantastic as Aliens vs predator, or as terrible as colonial marines. That being said the game has many other elements that do make it rather enjoyable to play.For example the visuals in the game are wonderful, clearly taking current graphic technology and putting it to work to give us a fanominal show of what games today can really do. Despite there being a few copy paste feeling locations where they had the same drinking bird in every room you went into, you could clearly still feel uniquness in every area of the station you go, from being a crowded resedential section, to a industrialized engineering bay you really felt like you were there, at least visually.Lets not forget the story alone for this game is compelling enough stuff, driving you on further and further through the game, just to see what happens next. you really get connected with riply and want to see what her mother left behind and try to keep her alive long enough to enjoy what she finds. the characters are compelling and you grow to love, and hate some of them, though admitidely some of the characters in the game only have extremely small cameos only to be forgoten completely a few seconds later.Which leads us into the cons for this game, to start simply put, some of the story, though compelling, felt forced. The story as a whole was great to follow, however some of the characters, or even the situations you got into, simply made no sense at all, you would seem to get really attached to 1 character, but then never see or hear from them again but for only 1 brief small moment somewhere much further down the line, like your suppsed to care about this character and what happens to them, which just simply isnt the case since there was no connection to begin with.Despite those few flaws in the story however it was still in my opinion, good. However the stories flaws were not my main driving decision to not recommend this to others. My primary concern with the game was with the gameplay itself. Though to start with there was that element of fear, not knowing when or if the alien would come from the walls, what awaited you around the corner, it was a rush. but almost litterally after the first encounter with the alien, the fear was gone, other then a few very small jumpy moments when the alien would randomly kill you, there was no real fear of the alien. In fact after the first real death to the alien you pretty much learned that once he came at you, it was over and there wasnt anything you could do to really stop it, so you kinda just sat back and let it happen cuse why fight it.The alien itself was completely unpredicatble, and honestly far to buggy and way to easy for you to die to it. If the alien sees you at all, hears you, senses you, your basically dead, you might be able to scare it off with fire, or explosives, but honestly that was more often just delaying the inevitable. it would be back in about 5 seconds, and know exactly where you were no matter where you were. Not to mention half the time hiding didnt even work, and even holding your breath and leaning back, did you no good against the alien and it just kill you wile you hide in a locker. This isnt also to mention the alien seems to randomly see you at times from across the map and come rushing right at you, and your only warning is the loud stomps of its foot steps. what made the alien worse I felt was that it almost always ignored the other threats in the game, completely ignoring the android threats in the game, which confused the hell outa me because the alien and the androids practically would just stand at stare at each other at times.Which brings me to the other issue I had with the game, the combat system. I realize this game is supposed to be more about survival fear etc etc. but they added this combat feature to the game for a reason, and honestly its almost compeltely worthless. For starters, it takes about 4 shots if that to kill you, and though that is understandable, it doesnt make sense that its the same for every weapon, a shotgun or a pistol all deal the same damage no matter what, and that makes no sense to me, though in your hands, it does more? Not to mention the fact that these other threats only serve pretty much to get you killed since the second you fire your gun, the alien is pretty much right on top of you, though if they fire, the alien never comes and even when it does, it almost always ignores them and goes right for you. Ammo is never an issue in the game since 1 shot kills almost everything except for the androids, which I might add are the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ threat in the game.First of all they are slow as hell, so even when they do see you, you can pretty much just walk around them, killing them is next to impossible without either an emp grenade, shotgun, or stun baton. and for some weird reason they somehow magically become even stronger later on in the game when they start waring rubber suits, because somehow a rubber suit suddenly makes something stronger for some reason. (though they give you a weapon with just enough ammo to kill every rubber suited android in 1 shot, conveint wouldnt you say?) Finally, I have to wonder about the guns in the game, to me really adding guns kind of ruined the feel for me, because really a gun can kill the alien, pretty easily, and considering every person and their mother on this station is carring around either some kind of giant♥♥♥♥♥revolver, or a shotgun, I have to wonder how the alien is still alive after the ammout of bullets it has to have taken from the people its killed.To close I did enjoy this game for its story and extremely wonderful visuals, but the actual gameplay elements for the game just fell really short for me, alot of it didnt make sense, and even more of it was either just to conveniant or it was just out of place and didnt flow naturally. I would recommend the game at 20$ or less, but currently, I simply cant justify anyone buying this game at its current price."
,Not Recommended,214490,12456189,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,zeiroe 「ゼーロ」,I can't recomend this game.  I had higher expectations.  First red flag to me was the way they misspelled SEVASTOPOL in Japanese.  It tells me more about the games QC and the lack of interestng gameplay.  It's very liniar and boring to me.  Uninstalling.Made a record of my livestream if you want to see what I mean.http://www.twitch.tv/zeiroe/c/5278286https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4iumUk7ByQ
76561198072213145,Not Recommended,214490,12467217,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ThaDagga,"Ugh...that's my experience with steam's version of Iso right now. It was getting such good reviews (except from that IGN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) and I was really excited about playing it. The thing is, it never let me. It always kept giving me a string of errors whenever I started the game and after starting it literally 100 times, it got to the menu twice (and immediately crashed). I'm asking for a refund on steam for this game, because even though I was ecstatic about it's release, I never even got to play it."
76561198004384209,Not Recommended,214490,25942061,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,- buggy- uses save points that aren't frequent enough
76561198080591038,Not Recommended,214490,12593274,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,SunnyB,"The game is too long, there is only so many times i can have a carrot dangled in front of me.The alien starts off scary and then it grows in to nothing more than an annoyance.9 times out of 10 if i died and go to re-load, the gamer will crash.. (experienced by many) there is only so many times i can watch the intro to this game.6/10 due to the game offering some early on entertainment, nice visual and dialogue."
,Recommended,214490,12390209,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Maddox,"Heard noise, sat in locker for 3 minutes 10/10 would not play again"
76561198011029906,Not Recommended,214490,12439945,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sativus Indicatus,"I reeeeaallllyyy want to recomend this game. Its a fantastic idea, and really enjoyable if you like games that keep your sphincter tight. Its definitly a much needed game in the aliens franchise, But the infrequency/reliability of the game save, and the almost nonexistant/reliability of its autosave combined with game freezes during certain actions and the crashes when loading last saves during the crew expendable DLC means a fraction of your gameplay is actually going into progressing in the game. The absolout vast majority of your time is repetative gameplay. Its a complete time waster. If you dont mind having most of your time wasted in this game without any real progress then i recomend this game. If your precious free time is actually worth something to you, the i cant really recomend this game. So much of it was done so well, but this games feels so unrewarding to play without any way to save your progress consistantly."
,Not Recommended,214490,12571975,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Pope Of Draven,"I wanted to like this game i realy do but it just is not scary.First of my time recorded is not how long i have played it,most of the time i went offline was so that i would not be interupted by friends.The pros:The game looks beautful.Good at building up atmosphere.good crafting system.Cons:The aliens,humans and androids AI is bad.The AI will use cheating methods to kill youpredictable storyweapons are useless.Ok this one is just my opinion but i did wish that i could at lest hurt the alien or trap it, but nope you cant it has the mighty God mode .Which killed the great atmosphere it had, i mean you have a flamethrower and what you cant burn the alien?i would recomend if it went on sale for 50% at best but at the price it is now i just cant recomend it.Or just get Space station 13 and play xeno round its basicly the same thing."
76561198103720457,Not Recommended,214490,15087882,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Major_Lag,"I really wanted to play this game, but you are wasting your money unless you know you have the right graphics card.Really? Were the developers real ****heads? couldn't make a game this good without it being unplayable on the majority of laptops. Even Max Payne 3 looked amazing and I didn't need a fancy ******* graphics card to play that game. Probably a good game, but I wouldn't know because I am unable to play it. I am very salty."
76561198003410382,Not Recommended,214490,30569523,Posted: 17 March,all,Funky_Disco_man,completely DID NOT enjoy this game.  I love everything about this franchise but this to me was a glorified game of hide and seek.  Boring boring and more boring.
76561198012620303,Not Recommended,214490,28673296,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,meoget,"This is a terrible game. I cannot believe it has any good ratings. There is no stealth system present in this game. As soon as you are in range of a mob, it immediately knows where you are. Lighting, obstacles and sound are completely irrelevant, as they just know where you are and track you as such.I've played for almost 4 hours, and I still haven't even seen a xenomorph. So far, just a bunch of psychic, night vision weilding humans that can shoot you through metal walls.The menu and ""crafting"" system is unnecessarily convoluted, and more of a hinderance than a feature.Graphics and ambiance are top notch, but ruined by the rest of the game.All in all, a terrible game that should not have seen the light of day. Nothing different than any of the other crap Alien games. I am just glad that I waited until it was $10, although that was far too expensive for this abortion of a game."
76561198026693428,Not Recommended,214490,28448357,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,LAZERX90,"IF U HAVE AN NVIDIA GPU DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, IT WILL CRASH OVER AND OVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,214490,26110169,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sal,1/10 spookiness not enough spooks
76561197970524443,Recommended,214490,16894440,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,HooksGURU,"The most challenging and nerve-racking first person experience yet. After finally finishing the game on the most difficult level, my body is still adjusting from the terror and the story that is Alien Isolation. The game clearly nails the feel of 1979 science fiction horror classic. Whether it is the audio, the visuals, equipment, loading screens, or the dialogue you will feel like you are trapped in the 1979 film. Supplies are critical and in low supply; how and when to use them is even more critical, and can be the difference between life and death. Every step forward feels like an achievement in itself. Narrow passages, poorly lit vent traversal, system failures, alarms, and time sensative doors, all create the perfrect environment. Data logs, recordings, corpses, and personal files all liter the surrounding areas to draw a grim and believable sense of being a sole entity aboard a doomed ship.Upgrades, weapons, hacking equipment, and blueprints, all contribute to progress at just the right time, without feeling like they are there in abundance. Alien Isolation provides a progressive challenge, that requires patience and points of trial and error. It has no forgiveness for those who may choose to have a ""run at things."" A slow pace is the best pace. Every noise made can give away your location, which in turn, will leave you with very little room to hide. Even then, hiding will not always protect you.One of the absolute best visual gaming experiences I have had. From start to finish the game looks and feels stunning. At 3840x2160 (4k), and several configuration modifications, Alien Isolation can be one of the best looking games to date. Every texture, light source, color, and asset used, makes Alien Isolation not only resemble the world of Alien, but become so visually accurate you can pinpoint things seen from the original film presentation.Alien Isolation does so many things right, and hits on all the right nerves at just the right moment. To not own and experience this game from start to finish is a great injustice to yourself as a PC gamer. It is a masterpiece by design."
,Recommended,214490,31149747,Posted: 14 April,all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"My specs: 16 Gigs RAM/ Aero GTX 1070/ Core Intel i7-7700k @4k resolutionNote: I bought the game with all the DLC content if that is helpful.I don't really think I need to explain the game other than I thought this was going to be a fairly tedius and ""boring"" but good experience right from the start with no real story except hiding from an Alien all the time. It may end up being that after going through a good bit of story which I am still doing. The graphics and cut scenes in 4k look very good. If you like story to your game, interacting with some characters and the environment with a good looking sci-fi (Alien) environment than I would say this is worth picking up. If it goes on sale buy it for sure and I doubt you will regret it. It is still not a fast paced game so if you are looking for that then skip it. For me I wish I bought it much sooner but I am glad I got the full package with my purchase. ;-) Enjoy."
76561198148225057,Not Recommended,214490,15082082,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Chickenug,ai.exe stopped workinglaunch againai.exe has stopped workingfind fix on the internetuse fixdirecx11 graphics card not founddammit
76561198006565588,Not Recommended,214490,12470226,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Bluestrategist,Moronic save system.
,Not Recommended,214490,12519967,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,The Real Joe Montana,Alien Isolation is a very promising steath horror game that has it's moments. It eventually ends up being a long haul of repetition and slugging just to get to the end so you can uninstall the game.
76561197995685011,Not Recommended,214490,12518910,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,jay_ding72,"I really regret spending 50 bucks on this game, not because it was not fun but that you never get to even kill an alien. The worst thing of all is spending 50 bucks for only 20 hours of game play. WHAT A SHAME!!! Do not Buy this game!!"
,Not Recommended,214490,32790456,Posted: 25 June,all,DumplingDave,Boring
,Not Recommended,214490,31532381,Posted: 3 May,all,Pointy-Bitz,I finally have beaten this damn thing after putting it off. It's needlessy long for a♥♥♥♥♥♥ending. They got the atmosphere down to a t. The alien looks awesome. However the A.I is way too aware from eveything and at times stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've never had to restart to a checkpoint in a game from normal difficulty this much. I would have probably beaten this game in half amount of time it took me to play because of the constant restarting. This game should have been 7-8 hours long NOT 20.
76561198004057734,Not Recommended,214490,12665013,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Button Mash,"I'm trying very hard to like this game. Really, I am. But I guess my opinion boils down to this: whenever I'm playing it, I look at my watch/phone to check the time and see if it’s time to stop playing.Alien: Isolation is one of those games you're either going to love so much you father/bare its children, or hate with such passion you become Buddhist, reach Nirvana, reincarnate as a kid who can understand theoretical physics, get a PhD in such and invent a time machine to go back and stop this game from ever being made.Also it may make you write in absurdly long run-on sentences.I have nearly 20hrs on record, and I'm on level 7. Now maybe I suck, but I beat Amnesia DD and MFP with no difficulty, and I didn't have motion trackers or gadgets in those. I'm convinced that the Alien has a script in its AI where it finds you every X steps/minutes, where X is a randomly generated number. Nothing else explains how it can just zero in on me when I'm already hiding in a locker before it even spawns. And I don't mean it was sniffing about, may or may not have seen me and I went into a locker. No, I mean I saw it was on my motion tracker, hid in a locker, I watch it come down from the vents through a window in a neighboring room, and it just hisses loudly and charges directly at me. No sniffing about, no holding my breath. Just boom! Time to reload 20mins ago!Alien: Isolation is not the game for the faint of heart or for anyone who dislikes endless grind. I've played through the same level sections so many times I'm on first name basis with the androids and the Alien. His name is Phil for those of you wonders.TL:DR: Alien: Isolation eats up as much time as an MMORPG with none of the satisfaction."
,Not Recommended,214490,32479168,Posted: 16 June,all,Porter,"Thought this supported Oculus Rift so I bought it. The store page here on steam did say that it indeed did support it, but I guess they have since removed it. Lame"
,Not Recommended,214490,29552605,Posted: 28 January,all,×Gamer★Senpai×,"●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●Developer: Creative Assembly×°×★Summary Review★×°×Overall Rating: ★★☆☆☆ [2/5]Story: ★★☆☆☆Gameplay: ★☆☆☆☆Sound: ★★★☆☆●▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬●★OVERALL★Alien: Isolation teaches us that you can't trust the majority's opinion. This game has been praised to high hell, but I found it severely disappointing. I thought I was buying a game about  Aliens, but what I got was a half-baked stealth/walking simulator. After just two hours, I couldn't take it anymore. It made me want to scream at the sheer amount of mediocrity assaulting my eyeballs. Don't buy it!★STORY★It's like they spent an afternoon developing the story for this game at a pizza hut. You're playing Ripley's estranged daughter. Your motivation is the promise of finding your mother that's been missing for years. That's about it. Yep. That's your motivation for risking your life on a broken♥♥♥♥♥space station with a psychotic monster on-board. Everyone is dead or dying or killing each other. Does this make you want to stop, turn around, and get the hell out of there? Nooope.★GAMEPLAY★Omg the gameplay is just the worst. Most of my time was spent wandering empty halls wonder where the ♥♥♥♥ I was supposed to go, because the waypoint system is complete garbage. Most of the time, I was given an objective with no clue where to go or how to achieve it. I've never had to resort to Youtube guides within the first hour of a game before. Everything is so ♥♥♥♥ing dark that you can't see anything, even with the gamma turned up to max.You can't jump and are often blocked by TINY BOXES, fallen pipes, or sealed doors that serve as a barrier to keep you from exploring too far, so there's literally NO exploration to this game. In one instance, instead of hopping over a knee-high barrier, you're forced to climb through a fallen vent that has collapsed onto said barrier to get past it. I mean, come on. That's just awful.Once you pull out your flare, there's no way to put it back. If you accidently push the X button, oops! There goes your last flare. Too bad, so sad. Guess you'll have to use your flashlight that gobbles up batteries so fast it only lasts a few minutes.★SOUND & MUSIC★The production value of the music and sound effects are truly the only saving grace of this game. It's really top notch. But unfortunately, it's not enough to save the game.★BUGS & BOTHERS★It really bothers me that this game is being sold as a cutting-edge graphics engine that will knock your socks off. Well, that's a lie. The use of lens flare and really, really, REALLY dark gamma correction is used to cover up the flaws like a makeup on a cheap hooker. Once the cutscenes (of which are too frequent for my tastes) take over the screen, you get a good look at how bad the graphics really are."
76561197967829375,Not Recommended,214490,12863336,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vince Clortho,Unfortunately there is a bug in the game that keeps doors locked 5 minutes into playing so that you cannot progress.  Many other people have the same issue.$54 totally down the drain unless they release a patch that corrects this.
,Not Recommended,214490,30560711,Posted: 16 March,all,Zylixae,"worst game ive ever played, save points are complete cancer, unkillable enemies with the tool you have and the alien showed once so far, great ♥♥♥♥ing pile of garbage. ""alien"" game I loled, more like unkillable trashdroids"
,Not Recommended,214490,30654922,Posted: 21 March,all,Wayfall,"Hate this game so much, the stealth is so impossible. Aspecially when it just gives u an objective and doesnt tell u where the hell your meant to go to complete it and this is before u get the scanner tool.Performance fine, just hate the gameplay so much..."
,Not Recommended,214490,12441581,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GretSeat,"[spoilers] Okay, watching the trailers for this game, and the hype was amazing, and made me want to play this more than anything in the world! This game seemed like it would be 10/10.Then I started playing it.Don't get me wrong, the beginning of this game was phenomenal. The lighting was 10/10 (besides the fact that you can't even see your own shadow, but I'll let that one slide), the lighting really made you feel like you were holding a flashlight, and holding real flares, a flame thrower, etc.The Voice Acting to me, personally, was phenomenal. BUT the lip-sync of the characters to voice was awful, it's like they didn't even try. Sometimes they wouldn't move their lips while talking, sometimes they would move their lips and not be talking, and sometimes they didn't even ""move"" their lips they just moved their jaw to ""produce sound"". 5/10The graphics were phenomenal. I loved the way the fire looked, loved the animations when you used a medikit, or reloaded a weapon, or hell, even started a generator, that was amazing, the motion capture was incredible. It constantly had me saying ""Wow that's f***ing awesome"" 10/10BUT the story to the game is where the game gets ruined. The story just kept getting extended for no reason at all. You would feel like you're about to finish the game (example being: you are in an Alien Nest with hundreds of them around you, and suddenly you need to burn the entire thing. So you burn it all down, what happens next? Nope, not the ending, about an hour or two of more gameplay) then the game would drag you into some long boring ""Go to this objective and do this, oh now go to this objective and do this"" before actually making the game make you ""Escape"" sure they wanted to make it intense and suspenseful, but it ended up making me more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off than anything. Here I am trying to play this amazing game, but about half-way through I start to ALMOST finish objectives then FALL THROUGH A FLOOR, or THE ELEVATOR DOESNT WORK, or some stupid stuff like that. When I was at the Airlock near the end of the game, and the alien grabbed me, I almost stopped playing because that is the stupidest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. THEN you run through the entire area again, just to get into your ship thing, and get attacked by aliens. But they don't just jump on you like the stalking alien THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE GAME, instead they kinda just walk around, look at you, THEN jump, but somehow you're alive, which makes no sense. THEN you get into your ship looking for verlaine, and SOMEHOW THE ALIEN IS IN THERE AS WELL, and SAME THING doesn't attack you immediately, instead you have to use Move Keys to move away from it, but STILL DIE AT THE END, what the ♥♥♥♥ is the point of that! Story: 2/10Speaking of elevators not working, how come half of the doors say ""Need Power"" and the other have are completely okay to go through. I can understand the doors that lead to nowhere, but these doors lead places, and sometimse those 'Places' only open after you complete half of the game, and you need to backtrack to get there, for some acheivement or something.The way the game saved the game was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well, sometimes you would find a save point, RIGHT BEFORE a cut scene then have to do the cutscene all over again. THAT was annoying.Then there was the massive amounts of bugs and glitches in the game, game crashes, falling through floors, not being able to do objectives because they glitch on the map, etc.The game really ♥♥♥♥ing got annoying quite quickly after about half way through.In Conclusion: It didn't seem like they had ANY PERSON on the team actually play through the game and give feedback, OR even give out a copy to people to play through and give a review, because I'm pretty certain if someone that wasn't the LEAD (Insert title here) would give this game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review too.This game is good for the scares, until about halfway through the game, then it just gets annoying. Would I recommend it? I WOULD until about half way through the game. Sorry guys, this is my first negative review ever. Also, first negative review on a Triple A game as well... such a shame that this game went to rubbish."
76561198083726567,Not Recommended,214490,12650443,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,MsRabbit92,good game but keeps crahing on me.
,Not Recommended,214490,33937837,Posted: 31 July,all,bkidderz,"Incredibly slow.  Storyline seems great, but is hindered by poorly designed gameplay.  What seems an open world design is clearly more a timed survival race ment to take the player through a pre-determined path.  Sad that I cannot recommend, I am a fan of the Alien movie franchise."
76561198260072206,Not Recommended,214490,33524041,Posted: 13 July,all,Hickory,5 hours that's all i could put in this game.1-no clear objective.2-you need to collect your map every 3 second(they reached space but couldn't make a whole map?)3-you can heal but it wouldn't matter cause you'll get one shot.4- you have to save your game every 3 minutes or you'll regret it( no auto save) playstation1 style.(finshed the dark souls franchise i know how does it feel not to auto save but this is stupid you have to do the same thing all over again.Sorry. but hope i could refund this cheap game
76561197967320569,Not Recommended,214490,25455925,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Zaphod,"In space, people will definitely hear you scream.You know what I thought when that first guy shows up at the station? That bald miscreant with the pistol? Alien 3. That's what I thought. And that is just NOT OK.Why are there so many people around? I hardly feel isolated. There are so many people here that the addition of one more can't be tolerated. You WILL be shot on sight. That's right. Space cockroaches make everyone go insane.They don't even have a magic space rock (ala Dead Space) to explain the condition.And what's up with the pinger sound? Is it ambiance, or mindless nostalgia, or what? Where is it coming from? It kind of ticks me off.I have actually played longer than the time indicated by steam. I have seen the alien menace, and I am not impressed.At least I bought it on sale."
76561198016051841,Not Recommended,214490,12456129,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The king of shrubberies,"DON'T OVERLOOK THE REQUIREMENTS. It really doesn't run in any card that doesn't support natively DirectX11.DON'T BUY UNLESS YOU ARE 100% SURE YOU CAN RUN IT.I though that Directx11 like with other games (Outlast, Arkhams) could be an enhancer but it wouldn't be essentially required. I was mistaken.First time it happens to me with a game."
76561198071598078,Not Recommended,214490,12677864,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,like some Polish Machiavelli,"TL;DR - The alien isn't scary, never goes away, gets old real fast. The controls are the worst sort of ""What's a mouse? We can't do PC-ports"" garbage. It uses save points. Seriously. Save points. Like its from the '90s.This would be a great game without the Alien. Or maybe just a lot less of the damn thing.No matter where you go the alien is about 30 meters away from you. Just left an area where the alien was eating a group of survivors? Guess where the alien will be when you get off the elevator. Yep. In the vents, about 15m away from you.After about 2 minutes of exposure to the thing it loses all shock/awe/fear factor. Its just an annoyance that threatens to send you back to the last save point.Oh, yeah.Save points.What decade was this game made in? Is this a PS2 game? Why are there save points?The game is pretty much ruined by this. Which is a shame, the environments are eerie, the lighting is decent if you don't look at it too hard. The voice acting is well done and helps draw the player into the setting.The controls are garbage though. Did anyone who worked on the PC port even play the game? The mouse feels like its directly mapped to a control pad look stick. Menus that should have mouse support don't. When interacting with items / climbing ladders / etc. the mouse sensitivity spikes because the available range of motion for the camera is very limited in these situations and (like I said) the mouse control is mapped directly to the look stick.(Note to the devs: There's this thing called division. You can use it to scale the inputs so the mouse sensitivity stays constant no matter how much you want to limit the camera's field of view. Weird, right? Math is like magic! Or maybe you could implement mouse controls that aren't awkward, floating and completely unacceptable for a $60 ""AAA"" game.)Ran into several survivors that didn't seem to have any AI scripting at all. They just stood motionless even though I was standing right infront of them. Hitting them with the wrench put them into the ""hit-with-wrench"" animation, but they would immediatly snap back to the standing motionless staring ahead pose. Random floating items, such as guns floating over corpses.Not at all acceptable for the asking price."
76561198005753822,Not Recommended,214490,12439712,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MahakiTai,Broken.
,Not Recommended,214490,34118170,Posted: 8 August,all,thatericguy,"It's like Bioshock, but annoying"
,Not Recommended,214490,12585655,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,EKS,"Forced intro movie every time your play the game.Game is also insanly scripted, making it boring."
76561198012343689,Not Recommended,214490,12433761,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,janat08,"You're on a expedition that goes awefully wrong aside from encountering alien species. The ordeal entails closed off spaces arranged in one big corridor style journey where the path is predetermined. The only exciting parts are the ones where you reflect on how ""troublesome"" artifical intelligence of your opponents is meant to have the apperance of free will through outright engimatic acts. The scripted events that drive the plot are not always succesful as the first apperance of Alien is absolutely untriggered or at least anticipitated and only rides on the magnificence of Alien, that is seemingly cloak and dagger sort of creature that you later encounter as merely vegetable drooling down the ventilation shafts at preset points  and the predicament is easily recognizable for they're dettered by the might of androids whose purpose is unclear as the plot goes because you'll be the one to perform dull maintenance tasks which androids supposedly can't with point being made about their stupidity although to not make them redundant they're evil in a sense that without cause they brake the laws of android programming through antagonized killing of even corporate management it appears. Despite binge gaming, I've only made it to 3rd chapter and to large part because of the modulated textures that appear alongside of eachother (you'll see ""main"" pipe nodes lined up left and right) which makes for very poor orientiring environment that avoids staggering linearity (within a stealth game it appears) through adding extra ""compartments"". FEAR or Dead Space games still make for better challenging, nerve wrecking, and deep narratives."
76561197976938920,Not Recommended,214490,12644911,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Rigger23,Strong start but then generic.♥♥♥♥♥♥i have been on the Ishimura - nothing can frighten me.Buy when cheaper.
,Not Recommended,214490,15102164,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cuffs,"DO NOT BUY!!!! I REPEAT!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!! EVEN IF IT'S FREE!!!! THIS GAME IS FILLED WITH BUGS!!! I can't believe that there are even positive reviews about this game while clearly they didn't even play through the first mission. They have this dam bug that keep the doors locked so I can't move on. I discovered that it's even on consoles as well. I can't even finish the first 3 mins of the dam game because of it. I've restarted the mission, load last saves several times, ran verify integrity, re-installed and still stuck on first mission. Nobody so far has found a single legitiment fix yet. I was so excited to try out this game but got dam fooled by a scam. STOP POSTING FAKE REVIEWS PEOPLE!!! THIS IS NOT A TROLL REVIEW, THIS IS A REAL FACT ABOUT THIS GAME!!! THE OTHER REVIEWS ARE THE TROLLS!!"
76561198097418052,Not Recommended,214490,26118786,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,eedjit,The boring start is only exceded by the intro screens you cannot skip every time you open the game!!!
76561198288943902,Not Recommended,214490,34682291,Posted: 2 September,all,Irina,"this game has too long scenario on its gameplay, so i felt i can't explore the game during my gameplay"
76561198064627722,Not Recommended,214490,32075934,Posted: 30 May,all,MajorRE,"The cutscenes make my eyes bleed and no its not my PC, I have a GTX 1070. Also, I just don't like to overall design, it just doesn't feel well built. I get the concept of a fear simulator and such, like RE7, which I though was fantastic but this game jsut falls short as a result of the poor mechanics."
,Not Recommended,214490,24782391,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,og gangster,"my opinion it's not fun, I have a few friends that have played this and none of them could get into this and neither could I."
76561198056095021,Not Recommended,214490,29842258,Posted: 11 February,all,FatalOVERDOSE,"Terrible, boring and frustraing. An Alien game where you get shot by humans over and over while trying to figure out the one path that gets you through. There is a reason this game and all DLC are on sale for $10."
,Not Recommended,214490,22883225,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,nibbaboi03,"dont buy this game, listen to me im trying to save your money m8 this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ok?"
76561197970795065,Not Recommended,214490,31017729,Posted: 8 April,all,coupland,This game is garbage.  Play for 5 minutes.  Oh I'm dead.  Start over.  Play for 10 minutes.  Dead again.  Start over.  Dead.  Start over.  Start over.  It's just a gigantic eff-you to players.
76561198007431552,Not Recommended,214490,12648840,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Gray,"This game has been a fail for me.  Less than stellar graphics when I can get to run at all.  Same old dynamics, same old story lines, unintuitive interface, you have to disable other programes and still it freezes... BoooJust, boooUpdate:  They don't tell you but...This game doesn't work with the latest Nvidia drivers.They suggested rolling back to Nvidia driver 344.11 but not sure it will work.  Meanwhile all my other stuff works just fine with the current drivers and I can't see messing everything up for 1 sub-par game.Boo Hoo and more booooo"
,Not Recommended,214490,22519948,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Youhomegodrunk,"I want to keep it short, dont want to talk much about this failed abortion Alien: IsolationI am very dissapointed about this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, graphics are horrible, filled with grain and salt. Controls for autistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Plot is a big ♥♥♥♥ing hole from start to end. Alien AI is dumb as ♥♥♥♥, ""I am right here Mr. Alien, come get me!"" and alien says ""No >:C"". Also i wanted to say you were trapped on a big ♥♥♥♥ing ship and all you can do is to grind some tools and materials for your survival. But what the point if there is no threat at all with such bad AI?Are the developers dumb as well, or they are all woman?!Main character is not a woman at all, but s shemale. Which is not good, do you want to play as a ♥♥♥♥ing abomination character? I dont want!The game is short like Amandas♥♥♥♥♥♥ definitely.The real threat on the ship is a ♥♥♥♥ing bugs and crashes, that it!-1/10 Dont buy this piece of crap guys, unless you are morons :)"
76561198036792088,Not Recommended,214490,12815306,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kraek,"This is a game you love or hate.  And I hate it. Forget playing on hard unless you like replaying the same 2 hallways over, and over, and over until you finally get it.  And ""finally getting it"" in this game doesn't mean you becoming more skilled or a good player... no no, it's just a matter of luck that the alien moves in room x, instead of coming in your direction.Please, don't know the concept permadeath of give this any meaning, because you WILL die, MANY and OFTEN, so OFTEN you quit because you can stand, from boredom, to play that same objective yet another try.I understand the limited saves of this game, being able to save wherever you want would defeat the purpose of having something to loose but.... god, it's such a bore to get killed just because this ubercreature walks in your direction.Don't think you can outsmart it, kill it, outrun it, it's just chance.  Hiding in the closets?  Yeah, nice feature, but poorly implemented... best be is to just keep moving and don't use those.  If you're lucky you'll make it, if not... back to start.The game is beautiful, the atmosphere is beautiful.... but frankly, I prefer a button to put the alien off."
,Not Recommended,214490,24497953,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,123,"Poor Development Game, That bad im not going to waste my time writing a full review.Not Recommend."
,Not Recommended,214490,17080523,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,thebluesbaker,"DON""T BUY THIS GAME..........No Support...Game Is Blurry 90% Of The Time....All Our Cry's With No Responce."
76561198006883582,Not Recommended,214490,31496049,Posted: 1 May,all,indinoheat,Verry Buggy. Cant even make it past the first mission because the doors wont open.
76561198046485960,Not Recommended,214490,30244548,Posted: 28 February,all,w0tamin,just got cleared this gamethis game has specifiic defect1.TOO LONGin hard it tooks 25hours for meseriously too long . everything i would say good about this game just gone bad because it is too longyou know if you play scariest game in the wrold you will get used to it if you play it for 25hours2.ALWAYS SAME ATMOSPHERE SAME THING TO DOin this game all you are gonna do is 'RECOVERING POWER' very simpleyou always encounter situation that just you should recover power always. not one exception3.POOR VOICE ACTINGespecially ripley seriously is she native english? or what?
,Not Recommended,214490,30934550,Posted: 3 April,all,Mr. Cunt,Yeah no
76561198284884840,Not Recommended,214490,26327575,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,kbrown3930,"I waited and waited for this game to drop in price. It took a long time but when it did I decided to try it. However, for some reason, even though I expected it to be a good game from reviews, I didn't get into it that much. I never finisehd it and can't really explain why. I would say, buy it on sale but not for 40 something bucks! No Way"
76561198004721369,Not Recommended,214490,12919556,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,手加減 Harvey,"I love Alien, I love System Shock 2, I thought I'd love Alien Isolation.Sadly I found it incredibly boring and lacking in any sense of horror. Yes, I jumped 3-4 times, but that was at some sudden loud music stings."
,Not Recommended,214490,12429631,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,hagthor,"I regret purchasing this game. It is a digital cheese grater for your eyes. The graphics feel clunky and outdated. The last game I purchased on a whim and ended up hating this much (besides most EA-published games) was ""BRINK"" - If you're bored and thinking purchasing this game can't be all that bad of a decision.. go watch the linoleum peel.  It will be more entertaining."
,Not Recommended,214490,29473537,Posted: 24 January,all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,it ok
76561198138678577,Not Recommended,214490,12913621,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,gmaclac,DO NOT BUY. NEVER BEEN SO FRUSTRATED IN A GAME IN MY GAMING HISTORY. THIS GAME IS SO OVER HYPED AND TOTAL TOSH. I PLAYED THIS CRAP UP TO LEVEL 30 AND ALL THE LEVELS ARE THE SAME. EXAMPLE IN EVERY LEVEL (GET FROM POINT 'A' TO POINT 'B' ) AND TO DO THAT YOU HAVE TO POWER SOME STUPID LIFT OR DOOR OR FIND A WAY TO GET A CODE NUMBER TO OPEN A HATCH OR DOOR. AND THAT'S IT... THAT'S ALL YOU DO. FROM LEVEL 1 TO 30. SAME RUBBISH
,Not Recommended,214490,13088250,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,PureEvil,was anice game till it bug out on misson 6 cant do anything just loops with load misson menu guess it time i deleted it.Edit:Turns out after looking around its due to damaged savefiles that make this happen guessDev's need to steap there game up and fix the problem not just ignore it..
76561198072048536,Not Recommended,214490,12738988,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Oswick,"OK I am♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!It is bad enough trying to figure out the keyboard controls with little margin for error, but playing a horror game that still has glitches through it! NO! I have had enough of it!!I hide in a locker to avoid a Joe, doesn't matter he still found me. sadly I forgot what LMB meant (for holding breath) and he found me before I could figure it out. That is fair, but when he pulls me out of the locker, I button mash the E button to have him release me, he then lets go... and walks to a wall... and stays put.... WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!!?!?!I have encountered far too many glitches playing this game! From event triggers failing to activate to AI fumbles, I am sick of this crap!I am playing a horror game for ♥♥♥♥s sake!! I shouldn't have to guess what is meant to happen and what is a game breaking glitch!!!"
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,214490,12446566,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,hermetico,"NOT RECOMMENDED.Graphics are awesome, as well as the ambience and music, even the few gadgets you can use. BUT, PLAYABILITY SUCKS.Not the kind of Alien I was expecting. You cannot fight the alien !!!. Your weapons are just for humans.Any enemy in this game has a deadly sight. They can spot on you from far away and, from any position (upper or lower floor, by example). A couple of bullets and you are dead. There is no way to pass unperceived so, you end confronting them and, here there is one more stupid thing: you kill one enemy that carries a weapon and YOU CANNOT take his/her weapon!!!.One more thing I don't like, too much buttons to perform stupid repeatitive actions, as open a locked door and so on. It adds nothing to the game.Once you have a gun, the alien continously chases you. It doesn't matter what you do, if you walk, run or crouch: the alien always spots on you and, once it does it, you are simply dead.To pass 90% of the gameplay time inside a closet is just frustating and boring. I could stand this for a while, until you get a good weapon to fight the alien but, this never happens.If you run, you alarm the alien (well, it's in constant alarm mode and always close to you). So, you need to walk or crouch, which makes the gameplay slow, slow, slooooooooooowwwwwww.I'm really disapointed, they did a perfect job with graphics, characters, music and overall ambientation, very close to how the Nostromo starship looked like in the film but, the gameplay design ruined some game that could had been unbeatable.Let other team to reuse this world and to make the Alien's game all us deserve. Components are just there !!!!"
76561198047207013,Not Recommended,214490,12455062,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Gatorbait,Sucks. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,214490,25368388,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,A.D.Mynx,"Another overhyped trash game...(for kids)i love the movie so i bought it. but this game realy suxx. its not even scary. stupid puzzles like serious sam, boring stealth like riddik and than this crap runaround for absolut no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥reason... only to push gametime... and than this realy absolute brainless aliens spiting out of the vents so you can see at 20 meters away and never try to hunt you, but get to close and boom the grab you... absolute idiotic!the controlles are absolute clunky, the quicktime events (that you have to do) are absolute fuktup you nearly never do this at first try and why for fuksake are this damn savepoints places so stupid... you very often watch the ""horror"" movie again and again and again, because you failed at a stupid quicktime-event to the next safepoint... even it would be any good, it killed the last of it.the game itself is so damn boring... only the absolute redicules loud jumpscares make you feel uninstalling the game... not scary only anoying. the first doom is scarier than this crap..."
76561198121595281,Not Recommended,214490,12638279,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Harvie ♛,Mine wont work it says i need a dx 11 graphics card and i want my money back it wont work
,Not Recommended,214490,33060323,Posted: 30 June,all,Kamo the pig God,"LISTEN TO ME YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥STORY WRITERS OF THIS GAME, I AM WRITING THIS LETTER OF CONCERN BECAUSE I SPENT 13 HOURS OF AMAZING GAMEPLAY, AMAZING STORY LEAD UP. BUT IN THE END, YOU HAD TO GO WITH THE WORST ENDING I COULD HAVE EVER IMAGINED IN A ♥♥♥♥ING VIDEO GAME. IF YOU DO END UP MAKING A SEQUEL TO THIS GAME AND IT IS NOT AS GOOD AS I EXPECT IT TO BE, THEN I WILL WRITE ANOTHER NEGATIVE REVIEW BECAUSE I AM MAD."
76561197976511940,Not Recommended,214490,12871796,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Max Zorin,"Played for an hour and a half, still haven't seen any aliens..."
76561197991798166,Not Recommended,214490,12720784,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wandering Mania,"First thing I see when I load up the first mission is a quest/mission ""Scripted event"" fail to update. 5 seconds into the game and the very first mission ""scripted event update"" fails? This is going to be a long road.After reloading the game from a new start the mission updates as it should and I think that it was the last of that, how wrong I was a few hours later it dose it again and I had to reload the save. 2nd times the charm and it worked. At exactly 1/3rd of the way through the game again it happens but this time it never works to reload or restart.All in all I payed for a full game and got 1/3rd of it because a game breaking bug, persistant game breaking bug.Though I will admit the 1/3rd I got to play was fun but with bugs like this causeing 2/3rds of the game to be unacessable, it's not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,214490,16447093,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Voodooman,"Good atmosphere, i loved how they care to keep legacy of Alien 1, but its totally broken and underdeveloped NPC AI and stealth mechanics, scripting is bugged, FOV is narrow and inconsistent as hell, body awareness bugged and does not work at fov higher than 55, faces looks caroonish and weird, crafting mechanics annoying, UI (HUD and highlight of items) is immersion breaking, a lof of game designt flaws such as when you take out health pack from inventory, or light stick, you can not holster it back and have to use it,  and the ultimate flaw - Alien AI, its cheating, its teleporting close to you all the time, you can predict its movement, cant outsmart it fair way, because no matter what and how you do, momevement is random and frustrating to the level you rage quit game. Also it annoying as hell that alien walk on floor  like human most of time, instead of crawling under the roof, and i never saw it using walls.Also it has pre-rendered cut-scenes, which are unscalable, non future proof, has compression artifacts and waste too much space on HDD, when it could be done much better way in real time by game engine.Graphics dissapointing as well, at very first level they use all real time shadows to cheat you, and then in next locations they go pre-baked static shadow and lighting way.Main reason i rage quit this game - absolutely broken and unplayable stealth mechanics and NPC AI (devs of this game needs to play Splinter Cell 1-3, Riddick and Thief 1-3 to see how working stealth mechanics and AI looks like) , cheating unpredictable movement of Alien, and sickness i feel playing with such narrow fov that jumps to even more narrow at every animation, and yeah invenotry UI annoyed me a lot.I do not recomend anyone to play this game until broken AI and stealth is fixed and alien will start playing by rules and untill immersion breaking UI will be revamped..Yes its a very good sequel to Alien in terms of art and atmosphere as Alien 1 fan i love what they did visually,  but game design department ruined art department work. I would rather watch this game as montaged CGI movie, than would play again and deal with all of that annoying bullcrap, and especially broken stealth sequences.  I would say its good Alien fan service but disaterous stealth game.Its really overhyped game because of warm Alien feelings which blinded people from seeing how badly game mechanics designed. No where near 9 of 10, more like 6 of 10 and most of it only for good preservation of Alien style. I feel really sad for this, i really want to love it, but i cant love it at current state, this game should have been better and could if not AI problems. bad ui, bad fov and immersion breakers such as crafting.Dear Creative Assembly and SEGA, please hire Clint Hocking (Nothing) - creative director of Far Cry 2 and Splinter Cell Chaos Theory, let him redesign AI behavior, UI and other stuff, and make with him trully immersiv and well designed in terms of stealth remastered directors cut version of game, so that Alien Isolation would not be waste of your effort and our time."
76561197960687824,Not Recommended,214490,12581599,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,rider,"Cant find someone (or something) to kill, plus Im playing as a girl all the time and have to solve puzzles and listen to boring audio files... And now I discovery that I have to RUN or HIDE ME if I see a monster.. LOL"
76561198041125611,Not Recommended,214490,12616011,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,go ahead and pay 50 bucks to find random objects in the dark... this could be the worst game ever made... good luck not getting your card fried if you have nvidia
76561198011423837,Not Recommended,214490,12754633,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Moggy,this game is really stupid
76561198072741722,Not Recommended,214490,13007142,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,lucaswlott,This game sucks. I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at steam for games like this. This game is not an FPS survival horror as identified. It is in its playstyle more like Myst and other adventure puzzle style games. You run from the alien... tha same exact impossible to kill alien the entire game. Don't buy it. make them paty for wasting our money.
76561197993566247,Not Recommended,214490,12616538,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,infiniteparodox,0/10 Not COD!!!- IGN
,Not Recommended,214490,12420578,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Joeynouchi,"I dont recommend it unless u dont have an error with the ""Directx 11"" graphics driver whatever thing. No matter what i do, IT WILL NEVER OPEN!!! NEED HELP!!!"
76561198012356062,Not Recommended,214490,30892264,Posted: 1 April,all,You Enjoy Myself,Bad.
,Not Recommended,214490,33103637,Posted: 1 July,all,{Linux} Carkatos,TO MANY LOADING SCREENS
,Not Recommended,214490,28551725,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"Remember that scene inAlienwhere Dallas hid in a vent starting at a motion tracker for five minutes until the Xenomorph wandered off enough that he could take three steps, jump into another vent and start the process over?  Remember when Ripley had to backtrack like crazy and hunt down all those tools and key cards to get through the Nostromo?God, that was a tedious movie.  At least it was pretty."
,Recommended,214490,12389355,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Heck yeh this game is awesome, Great job in bringing back the true spirit of ALIEN.EDIT:ok so i've played a while now, and i must say WHAT A EXPERIENCE !!!I love everything about it.Oh and i got killed by an alien, but but but... i was crouching :/(scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa me o_0)Some video settings i'd like to see are: more AA options, Higher Fov slider.i HIGHLY recommend this game to any fan :D9/10 - would buy again and will buy all dlc.ps. playing on ultra on my 5 year old medium pcCheck my profile for screenshots as of  06-10-2014"
,Not Recommended,214490,31212445,Posted: 17 April,all,Raz,"Boring, very very boring. Did I mention it was boring."
,Not Recommended,214490,15075431,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,just name drop me at the pub aye,"Got old really fast. I got stuck after the first cut scene for 5mins due to known bug... AAA+ title and development?? All i saw was lazy coding, bare minimum mechanics, very average graphics and reused textures - my biggest gripe was the repeatedly cloned/placed lockers and wheelie bins to hide in. Blatantly bad way of covering up mechanics that don't match an environment - oh, here comes the alien, go hide in another bin bro! (OK, now, get this!) Later I got stuck after 4hrs+ of gameplay - agian - due to a freikeeen *known* cross-platform bug from back when this was released in late 2014. AnalColonMarines all over again...At least it's still a playable game, but the immersion (which is the cornerstone of this game) is constantly being broken?!? The entire environment is not even intractable. Plus, you can't even pick up weapons or random objects. Really? Why can't I pickup that spanner and just have a different skin?The image of a freely explorable environment is quickly broken down once you realise the map is a bunch of segment-loaded corridors. More still, the dev's made the alien hypersensitive in areas that you try to explore that are not directly relevant to your current progression in the game! Also, on a huge space station, why is that single alien(/s?) constantly around? Things just don't add up.The biggest problem of all for most critics is the Alien's mechanics. They leave a lot to be desired, but are not a real issue to me. For me, the problem is that the aliens are kill-able in all the rest of the franchise... ok, ok, we all get you're not meant to *kill* them and that is the nice twist to the game, but not being able to wound or slow down the alien is just down right ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. More importantly, it's bad for game-play because it often will leave you with no means to defend against the mechanics of *the game* itself. Because yes, the alien will hang around or just randomly walk into a room you're in - where you're crouched in the corner - making no noise...There are a lot of really nice ideas in this game, but the problem is none of them are executed properly."
76561198053417945,Not Recommended,214490,24802378,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,none,"Right off the bat,  I can't put my slippers on !Really, slippers on the floor, and I can't slip into them ?I mean come on  guys,  a little quality control, a little play testing ?  I can't recommend it until they bug patch this fatal error.   Slippers must be wearable.  How can a girl walk about in bare feet?  Do you know how cold these starship floors are?Men, typical !"
76561198110977144,Not Recommended,214490,12419189,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,RREDDWARFF,"Wow, I have been a big fan of the previous Alien games. This one is a turd. I have been playing for 2 hours and no alien. I just keep getting shot by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with guns. This game is terrible. If you have a console, but the game used on PS4 or Xbox One before perminently wasting your money on Steam. BOOOOO!!!"
76561198096402218,Not Recommended,214490,12406570,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Prepinavest,an hour in got a game breaking bug (played up to that point 5 times total never worked) so i cant play any farther. my girl got this game crashes all the time then she got the same bug 0/10 doesnt work. anyway all the reviews i saw for this game said it sucks after half way so i dont care to try againlink for the crash video :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tmwFqQxS4s
76561198129048536,Not Recommended,214490,33110785,Posted: 1 July,all,Some Kid,"OMG, ITS SO BORING DUDE!I was so pumped, but it was soooooo slow....I gave it one hour to get better but it didnt, couldnt hook me. Was just boring.The jumpscares were not scary. I laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off wheneevr they showed ripleys face because shes ugly asf.At one point i was so bored. and the guy ahead of me was so slow. I wanted to pull the revolver from his pocket and blow my own head off. I tried to get in a small crowch hole. But it said locked. So then he pressed a button and it opened and i was like bish wtf.WAY to much talking for it to be a game, more like a movie, not even a good one. The dude i was with wouldnt stfu and get out of my way. and ripley isnt smart enough to take the gun from his pocket(even tho she had about 6 oppertunities) to at least hold him up like he did her.Overall idk what they were thinking when they made this, 1 hour in and no alien, pls.And on top of all that! I saved the game multiple times. Then i left for 10 mins, turned off the game and turned it back on when i got back. And low and behold the $h1t continues.. it didnt save. ofc not, thats when i relized that this game was not what it should have been. Im sure it would have goten better as the story went on but it shouldnt take more then 1 hour to be playable. Dont waste your money. Im refunding ASAP."
76561198033547435,Not Recommended,214490,12404831,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ham Lord,"Boring, bad AI, not scary, console port"
,Recommended,214490,12389749,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Bukkake_Bandit,"Jamming from the first second seems pretty legit so far, though went in blind and mainly got for the TF2 Items."
,Recommended,214490,12389698,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Red Prince,"My nominee for the Villain that most needs a hug Award. :)Alien: Isolation is definitely the Alien game I've been waiting for.It has brilliant graphics and audio, as well as the story and gameplay to boot.The xenomorph herself is cunning and smart and willing to kick your♥♥♥♥♥to the Nostromo in a moments notice.The aesthetics of the game are reminiscent of the original Alien film, with old monitors and technology but in a future setting (aka what Alien had).The game was definitely well thought out and created perfectly by the devs. Thank you for this game."
,Not Recommended,214490,12400775,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Simbiat,"In terms of style it looks great. It has that retro feel of how a real spaceship should be: small and uncomfortable, serving it's purpose and nothing more. Graphically in general... Well, it's ok. Human animation kinda sucks (seen way better, say, latest Shadow of Mordor), but maybe aliens are animated better (did not get to them so far).In terms of atmosphere of a desolated ship it is fine. It reminds me of some better moments from Star Trek: Elite Force 2.But the story and how it goes... Meh... It seems too slow (even for the original movie), motivation of the characters is quite lax (like why that guy suddenly trusts Ripley, when he just acted like a total psycho? why are people out there trying to kill each other, even considering a riot, when there is an alien hunting them?). And it seems very scripted. Like, when I had to distract a few ""bad"" guys, I was noticed by them when getting out of the vent and they even started shooting at me, but as soon as I was at the other side of the door - a few cries from them and that's it.Ripley has some sexy legs, but they can't save the game in my mind. 5/10 only for the atmosphere and Ripley's legs. Too bad your 1st task is to dress her =("
,Recommended,214490,12389294,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGE,Bought it for the TF2 items LOL
76561198007288875,Not Recommended,214490,12398494,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Maven,"Terrible game, very repetative stupid mechanics. This game is effectivly a hide and seek with an alien. this means the second you are spotted YOU WILL DIE. no way around it, sure u might get luckey a couple times but all in all its a waste of money and time. The lack of checkpoints coupled with intense difficulty insta die mechanics and the rarity of save points, this game becomes a grind not a pleasure."
76561197992450020,Not Recommended,214490,12394622,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,JPJonez,"Picked up the motion sensor and the minor cutscene that should've followed didn't trigger. Caused the game to start doing bizzare stuff. Cleared up after the next mission. Then the walls and floors in some places didn't render so pretty much just saw space. cleared 4th mission hoping for some immersion again and now ""AI.exe stopped working"" after getting on the car. Now I can't progress. Seems Everyones getting a good expirience form this game though. OVerall though the game is pretty decent looking and the sounds and audio is just perfect, trust a SEGA published game to get the audio right though."
76561197993206479,Not Recommended,214490,12389493,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Thantos911,"So far I would say a no go on this title. System for combat is fairly clunky and the additional bonus content can be pretty fustrating at times mostly in the ducts as the alien seems to appear everywhere you are no matter what path you take or how long you wait. So far not a fan, guess i should have waited on the reviews from gamestop which rate the game a 59/100. We will see how things progress though.*will edit the review as time goes on or as things change.Will also add that after about 5 hours of playing hide and go seek with a AI alien that follows your progress through the entire station it gets kind of repetative. Go from area to area and hide from Androids/Humans/Ever Present Alien repeat. Also if you run for more then a few dozen paces it alerts the alien and it comes and kills you. I have never seen that happen in any of the movies. Toss in the scattered save points you must find and you can lose a hours game time like i just did becuase you have no on the fly saves.** Also I get that empying my revolver into the alien was a bad idea but wanted to see if i could atleast scare it off.... Dont suggest that either, does not end well. Just seems like instead of game play they have opted for  a supped up super predator who is bullet proof and omnipresent."
76561198168753709,Not Recommended,214490,31691695,Posted: 11 May,all,Wall Street,"Boring , its game like Neverhood but in ALIEN world ... Scary ? First 30 min is absolutely nothing happen ! Just some fire blow up ! Than after another hour playing I can edit my comment :This game is even worst than this, but very simply : walking to some room in ""SPACE SHIP"" , find out how to turn on electricy , save game and go to another room to turn on electricy and save game , and walkg again to another room to turn on electricy and save game , in the mean time You just have to listen saved informations from space ship computer...Good thing : GRAPHIC which I dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about !Super exciting ! Unbeliveable scary ! BEST WAY TO WASTE YOUR MONEY !PLAYING WORMS AFTER 17 YEARS make's more happy than 1,5 hour with this !Thanks !"
76561198031531410,Not Recommended,214490,12396881,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Teal'c67,"Total waste on time & money don;t bother , They should give you a demo before you shell out your hard erned money , then you can decide if your goin to buy it.Would be better if it had a multiplayer section."
76561198015232605,Recommended,214490,12389518,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,thej3w,Oh yeh gid me a boner
,Not Recommended,214490,31676728,Posted: 10 May,all,Politically Incorrect Gamer,"You can't use a gun to kill your enemies. Stupid dev, stupid game, do not buy do not play."
,Not Recommended,214490,12391098,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Fuck muslims,"The cut-scenes dont make sense and go to fast, graphics are gele, that might be because of consoles to make this game run 1080p and 60 fps."
,Recommended,214490,19156263,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,LevinatorT1000,I pooped my pants and my heart was pounding out of my chest... Scariest game of hide and seek ever. Great game!!
76561198041150711,Recommended,214490,30618177,Posted: 19 March,all,rokinK,great game!
76561198030586715,Recommended,214490,19147162,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Shiffyrabbit,"I don't usually enjoy horror games, due to the fact that most of them use cheap jumpscares, but this game is amazing in almost every way. It doesn't use those cheap jumpscares but instead focuses more on the scary atmosphere. And let me tell you, that atmosphere is really good.If you for some reason hasn't bought this game yet, I really recommend it. If you don't want to spend 49,99 € on this game, wait for a sale. Remember, you can always get a refund if you don't like the game."
,Recommended,214490,19149864,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,sarkdnake0182,"Alien Isolation ReviewThis is the game i've been waiting for a long time and i know im not the only one.What can i say this game scared me like no other ill admit that the Alien/Xeno is something i have feared since i first saw ALIEN (1979) back when i was 5 yea you read right i said 5. long story short im a huge ALIEN fan now for the review.i would have to give this a game 9/10The graphics are Beautiful and capture that 70's futuristic look of Alien i could not help but love looking around when i felt safe to just take in the detail. the game play for me was solid though the QTE stuff like hacking and turning on power generators got repetitive. USE LOCKERS AT YOUR OWN RISK they are death traps for the most part i found hiding under table more effective. now for the A.I. the Alien is unpredictable for the most part and annoying at times (spent 30mins hiding in a locker because it wouldn't leave). the humans and Androids are ok for the most part but are out shined by the Alien. The sound direction to me was the best part (WEAR HEADPHONES TRUST ME YOU WANT THEM) the music was some of the best i've heard in a game for awhile but what made it better were the shifts in music when a threat was near. the sound effects really immersed me and the aliens hiss always sent chills down my spine. Ok as for the story it was very good and fit into the Alien universe very well but i warn you this game is long 20+ hours on average but i love it for the most part there were some boring points but still overall it was good.All in all this is the best Alien game i've ever played if your a fan of Alien and/or survival horror this is a must buy.""In space no one can hear you scream"" ALIEN (1979)"
76561198081147107,Recommended,214490,17061058,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Paxtoralius,"I love this game. It has nice graphics, good story and the alien looks awesome <3So worth buying!"
,Recommended,214490,30618069,Posted: 19 March,all,SludgeDredd,"I had high hopes for this game and for the most part this game delivered:-beautifully constructed environments-Interesting story and overall narrative-spooky audio productionI absolutely love the retro-future design of everything, it perfectly encapsulates everything I loved about the films. This old school sci-fi style is like porn to me. I love it.There are a few things that kept me from actually finishing the game though, which is a shame.A few bugs, 1 or 2 gamebreaking. A dialog wouldn't start after I finished a task, and no matter how far back I loaded, the dialog would not iniciate and I ended up having to re-install the game and start a new save. I googled, and discovered many others experienced this.The game is about 20 hours long and the story elements are spread thin With pretty much nothing mut fetch-quests. Most of the time is spent sneaking and hiding from the Alien, which after the 50th time stops being scary and starts being just frustrating. I spent probably 2 of the 10 hours hiding in a locker watching the alien pace back and forth for 10 minutes at a time. They should really have kept the alien as a special enemy instead of having it drop on you every 2 mninutes.If you like games where an OP Lizard detective chases you thorugh a spaceship then this game is for you."
,Recommended,214490,29472247,Posted: 24 January,all,Enigma,Top tier.Quality.Spooky.Futuristic.Very long.Good.Worth
76561197983344455,Recommended,214490,29472467,Posted: 24 January,all,|PK4| Steve,"Great game, dont turn off the lights :)"
76561198049784792,Recommended,214490,31013775,Posted: 8 April,all,Sleepin Pie,One of the best horor experiences i've ever been through in my gaming history.10/10
,Recommended,214490,29536877,Posted: 28 January,all,RRRopsu,"The most horrible gaming experience I've had in years, but in a good way!Being a fan of Alien franchise, I really appreciated the atmosphere of this game. The ""future 80's"" low-tech is hilarious, but that's about the only hilarious thing this game has to offer. Everything else is scary and uncomforting, as it should be, being trapped in a space station with the Alien and those creepy androids and all.This is a sneaky-stealthy-dontgetcaught-kinda game, you don't get to shoot masses of aliens with a smatgun or anything like that. You sneak around quietly and follow a very strict storypath throughout the game, hoping the alien doesn't catch you. This game can really test your patience.I usually hate save points, but in this game they work brilliantly. They are close enough to each other so that you don't have to replay too much if you fail and die, but far enough that you can really feel the desperation build while searching for one. The feeling of finding a save point after a particularly tense part of the game is almost religious.Graphics are very good (the amount of detail is staggering), but the sound design really hits the jackpot. The hisses, screeches, clatter and just about every noise you hear makes you paranoid whether there's something scary around the corner or not. The aesthetics are about the best I can imagine for an Alien game.The game runs fine on my stone age PC and mostly had no bugs. Occasionally something weird happened to the sound effects, some became muted for whatever reason while others did not.9/10"
76561197969244340,Recommended,214490,29523811,Posted: 27 January,all,Dongalore,"Quite frankly an amazing and lengthy survival horror that brings the atmosphere of the movie Alien to life.  If you're a fan of the Ridley Scott movie then you will love this game for sure as I can't think of any recent game that does this great a job at adapting the movie source material so well.  The music, the sound effects, the old DOS prompted computers that were considered high tech when the movie was made all come together to make you feel like you are apart of the Alien universe.  My only one complaint, and quite frankly I'm surprised this was never implemented, is it has no officially supported VR(there are mods available that can make use of it though).  Which is a shame because this is definitely a game that would be perfect for it.  Although if you are prone to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants then it's for the best you don't play this with VR.  Overall, after the debacle that was Aliens: Colonial Marines it's nice to see that we can still have great Alien games that treats the source material with integrity."
,Recommended,214490,29531535,Posted: 27 January,all,Kerwin,"Immersive if you wached and loved the Alien and Aliens the movie. So many throw backs and references. Game keeps you on the edge of your feet for the first few hours but then gets slightly repeatative. If it goes on sale, worth picking up and playing!"
,Recommended,214490,29530568,Posted: 27 January,all,[ NAPO ] Cranack,"Terrifying game ! Everything is well thought : the crescendo music, the movements to open doors or to activate systems that take a lot of (precious) time, the hacking that does not pause the game and that makes you totally vulnerable, the proximity radar that goes crazy...The story is very long for a horror game (more than 15 hours of gameplay) and has many plot twists.Plus I just love the graphics !"
76561197973419161,Recommended,214490,29499485,Posted: 26 January,all,nutty_apprentice,"I just met my first alien, crapppppped myself and died and first instict was to close the lid on the laptop hehe! this games mint!"
76561198063155898,Recommended,214490,17225819,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,mudbeard,A lot of sitting..and waiting...and sitting some more. Save all your stuff for noisemakers and it will be easy..er.When you die 7/10 the game will crash and you have to restart it. The bad part about this is the opening screens you cant skip.edit: Crashes everytime now.
,Recommended,214490,17231682,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Zizo,"25 hours of gameplay for 12.49€, worth it.+Amazing atmosphere, sounds and graphics.+Convincing protagonist's voice and language.+Solid claustrophobic, corridors, areas and objects that gave good perception of size.+The idea of navigating with WASD keys and confirm with Space through menus made the experience seamless.-Very bad ending.-Some levels were very frustrating and some missions pointless.-Able to read only a few of loading screen tips cause of fast SSD.-Backtracking empty/uninteresting places.-Rewire system is weird, unstable system sometimes does nothing and air purification sometimes does the opposite.-Game came ""crashed"" had to open settings file with notepad to make it run for first time."
,Recommended,214490,17237000,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Revaero,"Decent game.  If I were an avid ""Aliens"" anything fan I'm sure I'd rank it up higher.  Overall it's a very linear game to the point that if you're not supposed to climb over something knee high, you're not going to be able to (there's no ""jump"" in the game).  Made several mistakes of accidently falling off of a 2 foot platform and had to walk all the way around to get to some steps to get back on it.  Also, no re-play value at all.  Got this game on a weekend deal for 75% off, which helps with giving the recommendation (otherwise I'd give this a 2/10).  For now, I'm keeping it with 5/10 in case anyone's bored and can spend the 15 dollars on something that will take up a considerable amount of time."
,Recommended,214490,17237215,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,L0neR0b0t,"The good:- Engaging story.- Great voice acting.- Atmospheric environment.- Visuals that while not cutting edge, work well to bring the classic Alien setting to life.- Amazing sound that creeps you out.The bad:- Poor human NPC AI (though the Alien AI is good).- Some of the tools are not very useful.Bottom line: A joy to play and a real treat for fans of the Alien franchise. Do not miss!"
,Recommended,214490,17237852,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Ferro,"amazing game, great graghics without being too hard on the system. i love th horror type. one that makes you terrified without getting a cheesy pop up scare. hoping to buy the season pass soon after i finish the game"
,Recommended,214490,17239109,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,tcox24,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does this game perfectly capture the anxiety of Alien. If you like horror games, get this. If you're like me and absolutely HATE horror games, but love the Alien franchise, get this anyway and suck it up."
,Recommended,214490,17239433,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,!-!FUBAR!-!,"Absolutely fantastic game, but be warned, it's bloody terrifying.When making this game, there was incredible attention to detail with respect to the playable areas as well as player and NPC movements. Additionally, the creators have been able to craft tension and a dread of anticipation like nothing I've ever seen. Once you get into the game, something so simple as a light switching on will make you jump. Please, try to contain the screams, or else your neighbors will call the police thinking there is domestic violence happening in the house (not me, a friend.)10/10 absolutely fantastic."
76561198099997689,Recommended,214490,17240160,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,memz4,my heart sayed: this game scared the sh*t of out of me and why did you buy this game bro !!i sayed to him: i did not know it was a scary game  :)my heart sayed: thats not faunny man !!!
76561198086008386,Recommended,214490,17240603,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Douglas Adams,"The atmosphere of this game is perfect for those familar with the movies, that paired with challenging puzzles and detailed enviroment make for a great experience for fans of the franchize.p.suse your tools, use the enviroment, dont play too conservatively"
76561197969705328,Recommended,214490,17239968,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,最冷,all lights in house on - checkplaying during daytime only - checkone other adult present during all play time - checkbrown trousers equipped - check.
,Recommended,214490,17241122,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,SushicCat55,2spooky4me
76561198017104329,Recommended,214490,17234543,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,MrBlonde[GER],"""Ich hab Angst.""Don't let the meta-game get to you!"
76561198073249074,Recommended,214490,17179774,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,tecoluga,"SCREAM LIKE A LITTLE GURLLL, EVERYITIME!!!!!!"
76561198221074660,Not Recommended,214490,17179971,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,tonymeaney,"Absolute rubbish, Every time i try to launch this game i get a black still screen. All my p.c settings are correct and i have up to date graphics card. I have to shutdown my p.c to exit this black still screen. I asked for a refund which i did not get, as i was told i had played 3 hours of game time. I would not reccomend this game, spend your money wisely on games that work."
,Recommended,214490,17180487,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Professional-ish Hipster,">Be me>Station going dark>Alarms keep going WEOWEOWEOWEO>Crafts a flashbang>A wild Working Joe has appeared>Tosses flashbang at his sociopath face>*flash*>*bang*>Attempts to rofl stomp stunned Joe with trusty wrench>Forgets Joes have military-grade skin>""You need to calm down, madam."">strangle.png>Offers wrench as sacrifice>Forces him to accept by logding wrench in his noggin>GTFO>Runs into alien>OMNOMNOMNOMNOM10\10Would rofl stomp again"
,Recommended,214490,17181163,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,FWKnight,"Terrifying! I saw the Aliens movies 1 and 2 when i was a kid in the 80's so maybe thats why this game freaks me out more than others. Just well done, graphically so unique to replicate the 80's vision of Tech in the future, good gritty VHS looking things here and there and the Alien is just so tricky it scares you to hide and try to out maneuver it. Just when you think its getting boring something completely new and interesting pops up. The ending was so so. The game keeps you on your toes the whole time, i never felt like i was really rewarded for doing something because it was just another step to keep moving and stay terrorized which was awesome."
,Recommended,214490,17182951,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,willi3cu,"Alien: Isolation is absolutely terrifying and scary. This is my first run through and I am doing it on Nightmare Mode. The Alien is highly intelligent and it makes me cringe in fear at how he isn't tricked by the locker anymore. It's only been a few times I hid there and he already adapted. The AI in this game adapt very well; The Alien is learning from my previous movements and he practically does Army style rounds in rooms I'm hiding in. It is absolute a joy!!! I feared Nightmare mode at first but I say it actually is fun. I'm not sure how the other modes are by experience, but I know the word is that it is really easy even on hard mode. I wanted harder and I'm satisfied. The only downside is that I wish that they would have a slightly better drop rate on the items from these cases. I'm at the part after you get the Shotgun and I already had to pop the heads off some Andriods. My flamethrower is at 50 ammo, 1 shoutgun shell left, 0 revolver, I cant craft a thing, and I dont have a thing to use. Only thing fully loaded is the flashlight, considering that I never even use it. Alas, I am actually excited because I enjoy difficulty.If anyone is thinking of getting this game I recommend it. The graphics are amazing, the story is very good, and the playstyle is great. Some times with this audio and headset I feel like I am Ripley and my life is threatened. If she dies it feel like I died. That sounds like the best kind of motivation to survive to me! :D"
,Recommended,214490,17183337,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,The Crimson Chinchilla,"Awesome game. Super scary, alotta fun."
76561198113281913,Recommended,214490,17183525,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,DANGerousTony,"They've finally nailed an alien game even if it's 2014 is one of the worst year for gaming. Well at least we have great gems like this game. The atmosphere is fantasttic, it brings up the tension and scares the sh*t out of me. The voice acting is superb but the lip syncing, not too much. If you're a fan of the liscense you'll fall in love with that game. I've only playes for a few hours but I feel it's worth my money. And also, I recommend playing this on hard, it makes it scarier."
,Recommended,214490,17183895,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,NJOldersocks,"Tensions are high and the threat is real. Even when you find a gun, your sense of helplessness is only dampened. The graphics are beautiful, the musical score is perfect, and the visual design is retro-futuristic; true to the original film. The progression of the story is always driving the gameplay, but it manages to not feel too linear or hold your hand at any point. You don't have to be an Alien fan to appreciate this work of art, but it sure as hell doesn't hurt.Welcome aboard Sevastopol Station, we hope you enjoy your stay."
,Recommended,214490,17185983,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,izak flash man,"Brilliantly realised and true to the spirit of the first movie.Certain levels have one time puzzles that are annoying to figure out, but it's well worth the effort to figure them out yourself. It reminds me of a time when games didn't straight up tell you what to do."
,Recommended,214490,17031960,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,{Sauron},This.This is the best game you will ever play.
,Recommended,214490,17035807,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Potato,"I'm on the 5th or 6th mission and 6 hours in. This game is a fantastic stealth game, and I find myself needed to take breaks because of how tense it gets. Strongly recommend."
,Recommended,214490,17209720,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,O Budista,"Thrilling, scary and story rich. Sequel please!"
,Recommended,214490,17211689,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,MigHound,"Finally, the video game the franchise deserves.  This was a labour or Love.  Brilliant recreation of set pieces from the original movie."
76561198077953361,Recommended,214490,17212038,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Kryder,"For the most part, I throughly enjoyed this game. Even though I have only actually watched Alien, it was obvious this game was designed to give you an authentic Alien horror expeirence. Personally I didn't find this game to be too scary (but I can definetly see why it would scare others), only a few things made my heart race, but I still throughly enjoyed myself overall.Without spoiling anything, the game's story is set 15 years after Alien, and is very well written, well worth the time you have to put in. However, I was disappointed by the ending, which was most likley set up to sell a sequel or DLC, which is a shame considering the rest of the game was so good.While I did enjoy the game play, and thought most of the mechanics were very well done, I did find parts of this game to be either repetative or enraging. It became rather tedious to have to constantly hide for long periods of time while you were only supposed to be moving across small areas. The amount of save points in the game make it obvious that you're going to die a lot, and that's exactly what happens. If it wasn't the Alien it was the damn creepy androids. The sheer amount of deaths, usually in specific areas of the game, did tend to take away from the experience the game was trying to provide."
76561198008815791,Recommended,214490,30514360,Posted: 14 March,all,DamnImDead,I shart my pants and screamed like a turkey. Good times
76561198024367540,Recommended,214490,17261924,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Retribution,Solid game.  This horror/survival game will keep your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puckered non-stop.
76561197964120751,Recommended,214490,17233225,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Hyperlynx,"EDITED REVIEW:Ok, um. So I complained earlier that you can't pick up the revolver when you kill some guys hunting you and take theirs. It turns out you pick one up off a desk immeeeeeediately afterwards.So it's jarring and weird and breaks immersion, but it's not really a big deal in the scheme of things.Game's very good so far."
76561198013061040,Recommended,214490,17266578,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,ChrisBV,"I've been a huge fan of the 1979 ""ALIEN"" film (and the original trilogy as a whole) ever since I first saw it on television growing up as a teenager. I became instantly mesmerized by the aesthetics and atmosphere of that retro-futuristic, industrial world imagined by Ridley Scott and of course, by the strikingly beautiful biomechanical look of the creature itself as designed by H.R. Giger. After having regrettably witnessed the ""Alien"" franchise being butchered, manhandled, vandalised and trivialised time and time again in recent times, it has been an absolute pleasure for me to finally enjoy an experience in which the heart and soul of the original film are preserved and treated with the respect, love and reverence they deserve in ""Alien: Isolation"".One of the greatest achievements of this game, in my opinion, is having succeeded in making the Alien appealing and scary again. The Alien is unpredictable and unforgiving and, once the player accepts and embraces the fact that, at least for the first part of the game (until some limited means are provided to deal with the threat in a more aggressive way), he or she is nothing but meat ready for the taking by the creature (pretty much just like everybody else on board the ill-fated Sevastopol space station, where the action takes place), the true nature of the game (and how the game should be played) is revealed in the most honest possible way imaginable.The world itself is unbelievably detailed and true to the aesthetics of the original film; the graphics are gorgeous and the lighting system is one of the best I have ever seen in any video game. There is, however, a slight problem with the way anti-aliasing is implemented and managed by the game engine, which admittedly isn't very good and runs the danger of breaking immersion. However, if you can let some occasional unwanted ‘jaggies’ here and there pass and concentrate on the many technical achievements of the graphics engine instead, the whole experience becomes a truly breathtaking one. Sound design is one of the highest plus points of this game, as well as the impeccable voice acting, character design and motion capture performance - actually, Kezia Burrows' portrayal of Amanda Ripley is one of the best I've ever encountered (she's basically the reason why I went ahead and picked up ""Remember Me"" earlier this week, after all), as well as Amanda's voice, played by Andrea Deck. Speaking of which... Sigourney Weaver also makes a more than welcome appearance in the form of recordings and audio messages throughout the campaign and most of the original cast members reprise their roles in a couple of the DLC missions - more on DLC below!Some of the design choices might strike odd at first but once understood in context, they blend in just perfectly with everything else, I think, such as the infamous save system. Yes, it may appear frustrating at first, but once the player assumes finding and accessing save points as an indispensable survival skill to be mastered, it becomes a fun challenge trying to make it through a level looking for the welcoming 'beep' of a nearby save station and taking a deep breath of relief when finally stumbling upon one, inserting your card to save your precious progress. Backtracking actually does make sense in this game - since it's set on a space station and, well, 'space' is a limited resource, as expected - and the tool upgrades found as the game progresses actually allow for previously locked rooms or passages to be opened when revisiting those areas, thus rewarding exploration.Whilst the game eventually does allow the player to adopt a more aggressive stance towards the many enemies populating the station - from cheap synthetic humanoids gone haywire to other survivors and of course, the Alien - it does heavily reward stealth and diligent conservation and managing of resources, which are pretty scarce and are used to craft all sorts of useful gadgets to either take out more powerful enemies (such as the resilient 'Working Joes' - with great satisfaction, I should add!) or create diversions and decoys to sneak past them. Most of the time, however, stealth is the only possible way to survive, as the Alien (which can kill the player with a single blow) cannot be killed or injured in any way - only momentarily pushed back or scared away later in the game. Please keep this in mind because although some weapons (i.e. firearms) eventually do become available, the game is most definitely not meant as a 'gun-and-run' shooter in any way, shape or form (actually, firing a weapon in close confinements usually ends up attracting the Alien, with devastating consequences).Finally, about DLC: I find that, unless you are a hard-core fan of the “ALIEN” film and/or the original trilogy, DLC isn't really justified as a bonus to the experience, as the game itself already comes with loads of content that will keep you busy and entertained for a long period of time (I for one have put in more than 25 hours during my first run, exploring every possible corridor, vent shaft and crevasse I could find, ultimately finishing the game with a rewarding sense of satisfaction). If you are, I think IT IS A MUST that you get at least the two expansion missions featuring the original cast of ""ALIEN"": ""Crew Expendable"", in which you can choose to play as any other crew member of the 'Nostromo' and attempt to corner the Alien to blow it out of the airlock (I for one remained 'classic' and played as Dallas; having Lambert on my earpiece warning me about the Alien in the vents and urging me to move gave me absolute chills whilst recreating and reliving one of my favourite scenes in the movie), and ""Last Survivor"", where you play as Ellen Ripley and your objective is to escape the 'Nostromo' after setting the auto-destruct sequence on. Both of them are rather short, but the fact that they allow you to recreate some of the best moments in the film makes it worth getting them, IMHO.Oh yes, I forgot to mention: 'Survival Mode' is amazing, really fun and adds a ton of replay value. Make sure to play it AFTER you complete the main campaign, though.Overall, I found ""Alien: Isolation"" to be an AWESOME game, a thrilling ride and a fitting tribute to one of the finest science-fiction universes ever created (at least my particular favourite one). I highly recommend you picking up this game if you are a fan of the “Alien” universe or if you simply enjoy classic sci-fi and/or survival-horror games in general."
,Recommended,214490,17267477,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Thijzzemans,Realy good game.I got too scared for a while to play it because dying is so horrible and it was kind of repetitive for me to get past this point without dying.I recommend this game because it's a piece of art in my opinnion.
76561198181387143,Recommended,214490,17268130,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Jesus,one of the best games i've ever played.11/10
76561197997758075,Recommended,214490,19346522,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,RollerGoblin,"This game absolutely is amazing. Best thing about it: atmosphere. It reminded me of the feeling I first had while playing the first Bioshock. It honestly feels like roaming on spaceship of the first alien movie. The graphics are simply incredible and very well optimized and the sound design is some of the best in gaming. Really. This is especially impressive given that these devs normally make Total War strategy games! The alien AI is also quite nice. He does 'stick'  to you throughout the game, but he still quite convincible in the way he moves.The only thing I can definately see as valid criticism is that about halfway through the game the story starts to drag. This is a missed narrative opportunity on one hand, but it does mean a longer campaign on the other. I found this game the be the most entertaining when I played it in bursts because of this, since atmosphere never ceases to be instantaniously enjoyable the second you boot up the game.I would definately recommend this game, but personally I never buy linear triple A games at full price, even with longer (15-20h?) campaigns. But in a sale? --> Grab it!"
76561198026737835,Recommended,214490,19395637,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Night Shift,"So you dont need to watch this in the dark to get the hell scared out of you. This game made me so cautious, I was sneeking even when I didn't need to. Sound effects and graphics are awesome and creepy! Its not as hard as it seems but it lacks some needed explanation on how to navigate around your supplies, I had to hit several guides to figure out how to shoot and put away the gun and make things, the game should take care of that so it doesnt get in the way of screaming in horror and fun at your very own Alien movie!"
,Recommended,214490,19398780,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Giraffage,"Wow, just wow. Amazing game 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,19428443,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,i bet you kiss girls faggot,Only an hour inAlready has me sitting at the edge of my seat9/11 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
76561198019175957,Recommended,214490,19431259,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,<[Wix]>,"One year after its release, the game won't launch (Crash on lauch)This is unaceptable. I like pretty much finish this game."
,Recommended,214490,19437729,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,n.,"I bought this game on an impulse, for stupidly-cheap on a steam sale. The experience was well worth the money I had put into it, and it met and exceeded my expectations.The graphics and audio are great, and the immersion and atmosphere are deeply engrossing. The gameplay is simple but the feelings it produces are rather intense. There are nice and simple mini-games that you need to do to complete some mission objectives. Since they leave you somewhat exposed and the game isn’t paused for the duration, it can be quite nervewracking and surprisingly difficult to achieve under stress.On a scale out of 10:Graphics: 10Story: 7Immersion: 10Gameplay: 7"
,Recommended,214490,19448735,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,RaW SND,"I watch Alien and Aliens when I was a kid and to this date nothing has come close to scaring the hell out on me than those film. The developers who made this game understand what makes those films so great every bit of detail from sound to visuals. Some have said it would not have fun hiding and sneaking about but you will never understand how good this game is until you played it. The tension is so high, you really feel like you are on a knife edge between survival and death. The alien is intelligent and you are not to careful it will adapt to you tactics in fact I had to change it up serval times to get to the end and I used every bit of resource I could find. If you loved played Dead Space this is a must have and in terms of crap my pants rating Alien Isolation has it beat."
,Recommended,214490,19351746,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,datfinesoul,"Only like an hour into the game, and already loving the OG Alien vibe.  Seems pretty well done."
,Recommended,214490,19360485,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,WashOut,Can't stand the game! Amazing atmosphere. Maybe to mute the sound will help you play the game a bit.10/10 !
,Recommended,214490,19349838,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TraZix,"Love this game. Scared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Although I won't be playing this game for a while now, I can without a doubt, say this game was worth buying. 10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,214490,30630511,Posted: 19 March,all,uhh,p scary
76561198042323876,Recommended,214490,19354866,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,rambo2525,"Haven't seen the alien yet and im already scared as hell, just like in the movie.  Hands down the best Alien game ever!  The movement, the AI, the impecable detail to the levels, lighting and sound are done perfectly.  A genuine thriller and more realistic then most games where you just regenerate constantly.  You have to keep alert watch those corners and entry points to where you are.  10/10, you did this franchise more justice then anyone that has come before."
,Recommended,214490,19365340,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,format.,"A good game, especially if you like being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by the slightest noise or movementRate 10/10"
76561198010812299,Recommended,214490,19366272,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,anarchisttomato,"Best game I've played in years. It's like everything in the last 8 years has been a bad copy of Call of Duty, but finally a game of true artistic vision and class. Probably the scariest game I've played too!"
76561198042576053,Recommended,214490,19364945,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Lost in 3d,Good game. Good graphics. Very scalable across different kinds of systems. I loved the story for the most part. I felt the last 4-5 missions kind of dragged on and didn't really add much but felt more like last minute filler material. The game nailed the atmosphere of the original Alien movie and that was a pleasure to experience. I doubt I'll replay again(already did 2x's) but the second time was in 4k and it looked pretty amazing for the most part.
76561198033708886,Recommended,214490,19365086,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,wPattern,"As a big fan of Dead Space 1,2 i would totally recommend this game to space horror fans.Top notch graphics, awesome story and gameplay make this game an instant hit for years.Worth every cent."
,Recommended,214490,19445558,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Skay,10/10
,Recommended,214490,19455442,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Greeny -F1AK-,"They mostly come out at night, mostly."
76561197974127850,Recommended,214490,19456949,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lexe,"Pro:+ Great atmosphere. The game stays true to the original alien movies. If you liked those first movies, you will love this game.+ Great sounds and sound effects+ Great graphics: nice to have.+ Good story telling.+ Gameplay: Fixed save terminals: Means if you fail you'll have to start over. Some parts are big. This means sometimes you'll quit after failing. In a way this helps the gameplay because you won't finish the game in one setting.Con:- Some very obvious bugs. Spotted a few items that got stuck in mid-air. Lamps of a metrocart and a floating weapon. An indie developer would take care of this, the big developers just don't care.- Gameplay is quite repetitive. Best described as hide and seek for 12+.- AI is predictable: This causes the game to be less immersive/scary than it could be. Because you just know what will happen.- Not a shooter game. You get to shoot something once every few hours.- Motion detector: One of the big letdowns is the radar sound, it's not the trademark sound from the movies. They took their time to replicate everything else from the movies, why not the radar sound ? :(- No replayability: Story based games are never replayable, I never go back to them after finishing them anyway.- There's a sheriff and rovolvers in space. WHY?- In the alien ship there are corridors which can barely fit a marine, how does a 12 foot alien fit in these corridors ? :( ?- Immersion breaker: Sometimes the alien just walks past as if you're invisible.Overall:This game is for the people who grew up with the Alien1 movie.Not quite sure it's worth full price."
,Recommended,214490,19502246,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,oblivious,"I dont usually provide feedback on games. But I finished this one last week and have to give props to the developers. It was easily one of the best games I've every played. It started out a little slow, but if you give it a chance you will not be disappointed. The moment you see the alien for the first time to the last momnet of the game is a complete thrill ride. Very Very happy I expereinced this game, even after a week of not playing I still feel the urge to play it over agian.  The ambient sounds are amazing."
76561198003591342,Recommended,214490,17083399,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Xanatos,"Great overall game.  Imho not as cold-sweat scary as Amnesia: Dark Descent, but it definitely keeps your heart rate up."
,Recommended,214490,17020048,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,^7ONLY^1I^7WILLREMAIN,"Tense. Anxiety riddled. Good fun.The game seems to crash quite a bit, or get hung up in circumstances that get your character killed. Without giving anything away, I'll say that there are moments wherein you access terminals, and the UI randomly gets hung on those terminals, making you helplessly stuck in one place and allowing the enemies to kill you effortlessly.Other than the bugs, my only other issue was the price being $50 for the PC edition and only $30 for console versions. That's normal, I guess, but it was annoying.I can't wait to get the DLCs so that I can play the OG crew missions with the original voice actors from the 1979 Alien movie!*UPDATE: This game is  really buggy."
76561198096453902,Recommended,214490,17085049,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,F-302,Wish I could forget the entire game/gameplay so i can play it again
76561198046598723,Recommended,214490,17085866,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,MalWill,Great game--and I have very high standards and never leave reviews so this means something.
76561198062543629,Recommended,214490,16955180,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,EvilMaskedGamer,its ok not the best but good
76561198071282393,Recommended,214490,16964235,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,PATOLINO,>Trying to sneak through>Hear Xenomorph footsteps all around>Tracker beeps and im all tense>My phone rings out loud and i immediately ALT+F4 in fear11/10 for the best Atmosphere i've ever seen in games.
76561198007872585,Recommended,214490,16965508,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,KILLROY,Brilliant
76561198090160789,Recommended,214490,16929369,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,KingBubblepop,".Atmosphere: 10/10 (JUST LIKE THE MOVIE!).Gameplay: 9/10 (Everything below explains it.).Graphics: 9.5/10 (Even tho it has great graphics, the game wont crash your PC).Puzzle: 9/10 (I like to play this game with a friend so we can find how to pass the Alien, Robot or human and sometimes it's not so obvious. Sometimes you'll have to craft a noise maker or flare to attract the alien and get out of there.).Horror/Jumpscare: 8/10 (The game is scary and stressful but not enough to get nightmares and make you want to quit the game. Scarier than the movies that's for sure. If you ever seen the movies, the hype when you know the Alien is close is the same that you're going to get.).Story: 9.5/10 (I don't want to spoil anything so I'm just going to say that you get somehow get stuck in an abandonned space station and need to get back to your ship. Obviously there's an Alien in there trying to hunt you down. What makes the story so great is that it's like a movie while making it fun for a game.).Difficulty: Hard (Some momments can become frustrating for a while but there's a whole lot of ways to pass a problem/foe. If you use your head you will find the solution to the problem pretty quickly.)Comments: Best Alien game that any company ever created. Would buy this instead of Amnesia or any other horror games."
76561198202533562,Recommended,214490,16932023,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Pizza-knees,This is an amazing game. It will really get your heartbeating and keep you on the edge of your seat.
,Recommended,214490,16933439,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,(1)Icarus,"11/10 cost me $60 in underwear to finish this gamePros-Terrifying-Good amount of content-Amazing AI and stealth mechanics-Stays true to Ridley Scotts Alien-Some of the best sound in a video game-Visually pleasing, but wont melt your rigCons-2spookyConclusion:Probally one of the best games ive ever played, and although it did play off some nostalgia from the movies it doesnt require any real knowledge about the alien universe. But watching the original Alien does enhance the overall game experience due to how the 80's sci fi aesthetic isnt modernized in the game. The sound design and music create an ambiet setting unrivled and helps create the unique combination of fear, anxiety, and stress. The AI for the alien is unpredictable, and feels like a smart organism not a scripted robot unable to learn. This game is fair challenging and horrifying, a game experience not worth missing."
,Recommended,214490,16949861,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,FrisKy,Scary and well made 10/10
,Recommended,214490,16950327,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,King Kai's Cocaine,"You scrolled to these reviews or you Googled it, this means we can assume that you are either a big Alien fan, a horror fanatic, or both.  Aside from a few potentially game breaking but fixable bugs, this game will completely satisfy both camps. If you happen to be a horror fan and an Alien lover, you will never want to leave Sevestapol Station. One of my top horror games, right up there with Amnesia, RE 1, and Dead Space.Pros:Great tension, horrorVoice acting is goodSumptous graphics with a truly authentic Alien feelMusic/sound design is fantasticGameplay is a real winnerAtmosphere makes the many locations feel real and lived inCons:For me, and many other gamers, game crashes display driver every 4 to 40 minutes (fix by disabling all background services, not sure which service it was, but I had no issue after doing this)"
76561198137985842,Recommended,214490,16951228,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Piña colada,"What i did when i first played this game..... I HID IN A LOCKER, I HID UNDER TABLES, I HID UNDER DESKS, AND I EVEN HID  IN AN AIR VENT!  10/10 HIDE AND SEEK SIMULATOR"
,Recommended,214490,15471049,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Adam-Matic Gaming,"Okay everybody, I JUST finished playing this game and I must say... wow. I'm still shaking and my face is red from the adrenaline (I know, I'm a crybaby bedwetter but whatever). Xenomorphs were always something that freaked me out so when I heard that there was going to be a survival horror game like Outlast starring the freaky things, I knew I had to play it.I read up on every aspect of it and followed it for months. Once I had finished my gaming rig, I bought it. It truly was a great game for me and I have a lot to say about it, so let's get into the good, the bad and the ugly (the ugly is about glitches that I experienced but you may not).GOOD:-Runs smoothly on my meh PC (I have a GPU from 2013 but it's still a pretty good rig)-Great visuals that SCREAM 1970's future at the top of their lungs-Good voice acting, including new clips from the actors from Alien-Sound direction is top notch and includes countless hours of music from the real movie-Alien A.I. is smart and realistic (even on normal difficulty). This really is the perfect organism...-Crafting system is symplistic but adds a great amount of detail to the game-Pacing was good (for me it only lasted 16 hours but I've heard some people say 20-24)-Story makes sense canonically and does the job nicely-All rooms are recognizable and you will know when you're backtracking (which never really felt like a chore)-Good emotional moments peppered throughout the game-The saving in this game is controlled by YOU. There are many save points across the station which can be heard by the slight 'beep' they make. Most of the time you can only save at these stations. This can be a little annoying at times, but if you're smart and stealthy this won't be a problem-Fun survival mode with good DLC to keep you plaing long after you finish the campaignBAD:-Sometimes Alien A.I. is too good and won't leave you the ♥♥♥♥ alone so that you can complete your objective even in the earlier missions-Some missions feel a bit like padding, one that recurrs quite often is this;""Go get this item for me.""""Oh, doors locked, go find the passcode.""""Oh, power's out, go find the generator to turn the computers on to get the passcode to open the door to get the item for me.""(Seriously, why does NOTHING work on this station)-There are a couple of cheap deaths in the later missions put in place to extend the play time (you can not thesibly react to some of them on your first try)UGLY:-The funniest glitch that happened to me was when a frozen Alien model came sliding out of a vent next to me and just stayed there. It disappeared after a while though :D-Invisible objects sometimes happened such as transit cars, computer terminals and even the alien (that one was terrifying when it happened) but these were few and far between-There were slight graphical glitches like sliding down a ladder instead of climbing down, symbols on a keyboard twitching around and other small stuff but again these happened rarelyOverall, I have to say this was an AMAZING game. For any fan of the Alien franchise I must ask you one question. Why don't you have this game yet? For everyone else, I must recommend it. My final verdict as a fan and as an outsider is as follows.FAN: 9.5/10OUTSIDER: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,16986352,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Zee Master,A Seegson synthetic is behind you every step of the goddamned way.
,Recommended,214490,16988453,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Kilroy Sui,"16 hours of gameplay for a single rushed playthrough. Absolutely amazing. Very flew flaws I can pick out. The game can really make you feel tense at some points, even if you are used to games with jump scares. However, jump scares are not the primary thing that will frighten you. It's simply knowing what is lurking above you and that it is utterly unpredictable at certain points.I'd reccommend getting it on sale, but it's well worth a playthrough. Loved every second."
,Recommended,214490,16995228,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ZZZZZZZZ,"Atmospheric, immersive, compelling and does  a great job of paying tribute to the movie and establishing its own identity. I would love to see Aliens: Isolation - a more action-oriented game that honours the second movie in the same way that this honours the first."
76561197969038602,Recommended,214490,16996430,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Mapleleafs,This game is incredible. It's the most atmospheric and engaging game I can remember ever playing.
,Recommended,214490,17081527,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,A fucking cat,"This game has some of the best back-round noise that i have ever heard. It's a fantastic game, but i can only play it in 20 or 30 minute interavals because of how scary it is...so if you like having night terrors or want to try out some adult diapers, this is the game for you."
76561198015573561,Recommended,214490,13269521,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,MorningGhost,"These are my immediate feelings after completing the game on Medium level. The sound is very good and with the decent graphics evoke the same feelings from watching the first Alien film. The main opponents are scared out their wits trigger happy humans, quite hard to kill Joe androids although later in the game a shotgun helps immensely, and imposible to kill and can only be distracted alien. Early in the game the player has to tackle homicidal androids, and the action really kicks off with Dr. Morley's Card scene. I was at one point ready to give it up since I had problems finding a keycard and I was killed countless times by the Alien. It was at this point I learned how to perform the diversionary tactics with the various tools you have to hand including flares, noise maker etc. so I started to make some progress but for a while being hunted down by the Alien was relentless. There are some very tense moments but later in the game you get a flame thrower which can scare the Alien off, and or a while it becomes a little bit too easy but its a welcome relief and a chance to get your own back on the xenomorph, until your fuel runs out.Some of the game seems a little pointless like the having to press multiple keys and mouse keys to get a door open. You have to use a scanning device on some doors to open them whiich consists of simple puzzles which gets a little repetitive. It took me a week of late evenings to finish it. I ended up just wanting to finish the game and the constant skulking away and hiding from the Alien started to get tedious, for me anyway.It was stable on my setup, MSI OC GTX780 , sound is excellent, graphics are good but not mind blowing. Alien AI was good, but the game did become a little monotonous. I'll leave it as positive since it evokes the Alien film atmosphere well and it'll probably win some awards, but for someone more into action shoot em ups this maybe not one to go for. I won't be buying any DLCs.At its current 50% off price and if you have 25-30h to kill its worth a look.I was just thinking. Its worth taking your time when first playing the game and explore all the areas but it would be interesting to see how fast the game can be completed."
76561198028006312,Recommended,214490,17194314,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Arminiuus,"Beautifully made, very intense, challenging without being ridiculous, and long campaign (~40 hours for me) without getting repetitive.10/10, playing through again, this time on insanity mode (wish me luck; may need some heart pills first...)"
,Recommended,214490,17194981,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Irregularblob,"Finally finished it. God damn this game is not only intense as hell, but also extremely difficult. You will die, many many many times. The end is damn near impossible. Everything that can go wrong for ripley, will.This is the alien game we were all waiting for, the one game that the franchise can be proud of. You are terrified of the alien.My only complaint is that the alien never walks on the walls unless its in the cut scene and it walks like a humanoid 100% of the time. I will give this masterpiece a 9/10 if you are looking for a real alien game and you like single player games this is the game you want to play."
,Recommended,214490,17195456,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Grifter,"Hands down by far one of the best Horror Survival games I've ever had the pleasure playing! This game keeps you in a constant state of stress... even when you think your safe or about to escape NOPE! Humans, Androids, Xenomorphs, Face Huggers and environments that are extremely hazardous to your health are what you have to look forward to if you take on this game. I highly recommend playing this on the third highest difficulty for the best experience and yes I did get that achievement where you die 100 times..."
76561198134634570,Recommended,214490,17195921,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,mousetrap,"Love this game, easily my favorite game in years! It looks difficult but it's easy once you get into it."
76561198058301886,Recommended,214490,17196571,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Marco0,Graphics:10/10Gameplay:10/10Sound/Music:10/10Story:10/10This game is a must buy? yesNote:1.And don´t trust on reviews from internet like ign and gamespot.2.consult your doctor before play it.  :-)
,Recommended,214490,17199392,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Lup,"Spent about two hours crawling through 200m corridors trying to find a keycard as Xenomorph was lurking around. Hid under every table and in every locker I came across so I don't die from fear. Finally managed to do everything I needed and left the floot on an elevator. Thought I was free from this horror.Get out of elevator, look at the tracker: there's a freaking alien in the vents.10/10 would cry in despair again"
76561197976761722,Recommended,214490,17187353,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,HairyMary,Oh my god. JUST END ALREADY. ♥♥♥♥en groundhog day with aliens on a space station. The first 2/3 of the game - INCREDIBLE.The final part? Let me describe it for you. Take 2 hours to crawl past an alien after searching on my belly for 20 minutes to find someway forward out of the burning space station. Turn on a switch. Oooops. Generator's gone. Better spend another 30 minutes crawling back to fix it. Oh finally. The ship is here. What's that? Oh I need to turn on a bunch of stuff. Ok. Oh no. Stuff's broken. Oh an alien. Now I am stuck in a wall miles away from the ship. Let mecrawl back. Ooops now I am falling some more.............JUST ♥♥♥♥EN EAT ME ALREADY!
76561198012115797,Not Recommended,214490,17202367,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Crixa,"This game had some awesome moments, but they were too few and far too far between.  I spent about 19 hours completing this game.  I feel like at least half of that time was spent in mindless repeating filler tasks.  It does not help that the end sequence showcases the worst of the worst this game has to offer.  I wish I had saved my money on this one."
76561197994321249,Recommended,214490,17203072,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,vaclav.kral,"True to the original movie in the atmosphere, the settings are immersive and the gameplay balanced. For Alien fans a must-have."
,Recommended,214490,17218083,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,HisMajestyTheQueen,Honestly one of the best games ive played in a long time. Scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.
,Recommended,214490,13530476,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,t895,"This game was not only visually astounding, but it truly performed excellently in gameplay. It continued to introduce new gameplay elements throughout the story without rushing the player or leaving a dry portion of exploration. It also keeps the player begging for more with the continuously introduced content for the player to explore. I loved playing every minute of this game and I hope to see more from the developers of this astounding game."
,Recommended,214490,13511771,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Saddened Panda,I have bought alien isolation and I have one single problem Its too much fun
76561198029075214,Recommended,214490,13532472,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BatongaBatonga,"Great game. Really scary, that idiot at IGN doesnt know what he is talking about."
,Recommended,214490,13511239,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Splinkerton Forkendoggen,Scariest ♥♥♥♥ing game i've played in a long time actually
,Recommended,214490,13511915,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,gunzfree,"One of the best games i played this year, if not the best. Superb experience."
,Recommended,214490,13512967,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SeeJay,"Great graphics, tense and fun."
76561198000121776,Recommended,214490,13513333,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Squirtle,"In space, no one can hear you scream like a little girl!The game has a great mix of uneasy moments as well as absolutely terrifying ones. After failing sections a few times, the scaryness of the section begins to go away, but as soon as you progress the horrifying atmosphere instantly comes back! Make sure you play in the dark and with headphones for maximum immersion!"
76561198112889651,Recommended,214490,13516609,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ngeris,"I haven't been ""scared"" of a game since the original ""Resident Evil"" games but this one did it. It's truly a different mold of game and very worth the investment. The AI is fantastic and really not that predictable. This game is NOT your typical run and gun, and requires a ton of patience, and time.Loved it, and can't wait to see the next story in line. Would definitely play again"
,Recommended,214490,13516811,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Aaryn,Best game in the Alien universe since AvP 2.
76561198152930071,Recommended,214490,13517460,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TheClungeToad,This has to be one of the best games i have played in a long time!!its exactly what one of the greatest movies of all time needed. A game to do it justice.A+
76561197962137176,Recommended,214490,13338551,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,deathlight,Awesome so far although I'm not too far in. Amazing graphics and audio that really add to the immersion and help create some truly tense situations. One of the more interesting titles I've come across in a while.
76561198014427185,Recommended,214490,13340276,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,GLaDOS,I love this game.  Cant fault the AI. Graphics are fantastic. One very happy gamer.
,Recommended,214490,13340977,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Gibsonion,"Amazing game, so addictive! I'm a massive fans of the original films so this game mixed with one of my favourite gaming generes (Survival Horror) is just a dream come true. I only wish I had more time to spend playing and perfecting my play style these days.Even the DLC is epic! In fact in some ways the DLC is cooler than the main game, that's gotta say something, very well made, the devs behind this game really feel like they put great care into it. Such an awesome experience.Officer Ripley of the Nostromo signing off..."
,Recommended,214490,13259518,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Soft doggo,this game is relentless. even on the easiest difficulty.  the story is so damn good too.
76561197970539237,Recommended,214490,13408255,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,877-DEAD-NOW,"This is my personal Game Of The Year for 2014absolutely great game,graphics,sound and level design are all top notch,can't praise the game enough..."
,Recommended,214490,13409202,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Evil Apple,TOP!!!
,Recommended,214490,13409663,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ben,"Hands down, the single most frightening game I've ever played.  The xenomorph isn't some punching bag villain.  It's bred to kill, and it's hunting you.  It runs at you with a terrifying speed the moment it sees you, and there's no escape.  It's exhilarating, and even stressful, as you find yourself holding your breath IRL, trying not to be found.The devs nailed every detail perfectly, but most of all, the sound.  Every footfall, every creak, every snarl - all of it takes you out of your computer chair, and puts you on Sevastopl Station - alone with this nightmare monster."
,Recommended,214490,13412610,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,DG,"Brilliant game. Everything you want from a sci-fi horror game and then some.Gorgeous world and great PC scaling.The Alien AI is fantastic. Many people say it is unpredictable but I disagree - I've found it to be very well implemented to appear random. It uses all of it's senses that you'd expect, making it feel more like a real foe - sight, hearing, smell etc. And it learns from your behavior - I saw it didn't like fire so decided to use the flamethrower to keep it at bay every time it decided to come out. Once it started to realise the fire didn't do very much damage to it and that I didn't pursue it once it retreated, it decided to trick me into thinking it was scared, then circled around and took me down. The best way to describe the AI is it's a simulation. It will be turned on in most of the sections of the game, but not always. The trick is knowing when and where you should be careful - but you should really be careful all the time.There are issues with some animations, and the gameplay may not be for everyone. As a fan of slow tension building horror and stealth gameplay, I very much enjoyed it.There have been some complaints that the length of the game is an issue - personally I didn't think so. The last 30min of gameplay are a little bit ridiculous and feel like a broken section of the game that got tacked on in order to have the player end up in a certain area for a cutscene to play out. But this doesn't at all diminish the entire experience.At the end of the day this won't be a game for everyone... but it is a great achievement non the less."
,Recommended,214490,13423892,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Highroads,skury
76561198035284948,Recommended,214490,13424668,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Godmules,game is awesome
76561198206191589,Recommended,214490,16979106,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Stellar Nomad,"A lonely, atmospheric survival horror... the Alien game we fans of the first movie have been waiting for."
,Recommended,214490,16982305,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Black Dow,"Originally, I played this on the 360 when it first came out and thoroughly enjoyed it, despite a few odd decisions concerning the plot and the pacing in the latter third of the game.  I'm glad to say I'm enjoying it just as much this time round too.I was worried that knowing exactly where to go and what to do would take some of the game's bite away, but so far, this hasn't been the case.  This is undoubtably thanks to the alien AI and the intelligent score that ramps up the music and makes subtle changes to the background noise whenever the alien is nearby.  The environment and VFX add to the replayability too. It looked better than it had any right to on the 360, but even running on my modest PC (Sapphire R7 260x 2gb) it looks beautiful. The lighting is perfect and the artists really did their homework when they were desiging the environments.  If you loved the look of the 1979 film, you will love the look of this game.   It's well optimised too, all the settings bar AA are turned up to 11 and it rarely drops below 55fps, usually staying at a flat 60.Like I said, later in the game, there are a few plot points, mainly based around the alien's life cycle, that will have you scratching your head.  The mission design is sketchy at best too, by this point.  CA did a great job of building tension initially, scaring the living p*ss out of you with some great set pieces, followed by AI driven, barely scripted hunt sections, then taking their foot off the gas at the right moment to give the player a break.  Somewhere around two thirds in, however, this goes a bit wrong.  The missions become slightly irritating fetch-and-fix quests, some of which require A LOT of backtracking.  While this is going on, the tension/relief balance goes out of the window (airlock?), so the end of this game can be a little frustratng to get through.That said, the failings of this game are minor, when taken in the context of its whole.  Simply being in that beautifully designed environment, with this singularly challenging, pseudo-intelligent enemy, is enough to justify the great reviews this game recieved."
76561198067893938,Recommended,214490,17436888,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,DeerSon,"10\10Kind of like a pretty linear System Shock, but one of the best alien-infested spaceships in videogames. Also captures the mood and atmosphere of the first Alien movie quiet well!"
,Recommended,214490,13548030,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,^4Naked^1Chicken,Bought it on sale and used the money I saved to buy new underwear. 10/10
76561198112263269,Recommended,214490,17438553,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,J',Good
,Recommended,214490,17439945,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Scabloonshki,Really delivers a extreme sense of dread with an impecable atmosphere and does an incredible job on delivering the scares.
,Recommended,214490,17442788,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,paaaaaaaaac,a faithful and impressive entry to the extenisve alien game series. stealth horror elements with a focus on tension and atmosphere work well. 9.1/10
,Recommended,214490,17497230,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,GeckoCox,"The only good Working Joe,is a dead Working Joe. I find those crash test dummy looking freaks scarier/harder to deal with than the Alien itself."
76561198010900717,Recommended,214490,17497305,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Xhunkfish,"Highly recommended, unless you have a heart condition."
76561198022269191,Recommended,214490,17497913,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,PooterMcgee,Great game. A little long but hey it was worth it.
76561198049743008,Recommended,214490,17497989,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Colonel-Commissar McFasty,"This really did deserve GOTY. The extent as to which Sega have made sure this was done right is staggering. A careful hand has clearly been in place to stop the development going into the pitfalls you see with most franchise based games. The scenery, lighting, suspense, AI, unreliance on cheap jump scares really do homage to the alien franchise. It very much nailed the feeling of the lethal, emptiness of space mixed with something that is not only pursuing you but the constant engineering catastrophies that impede you every escape. I jokingly call it engineer simulator as Riply has to fix... pretty much everything thats not a regular door. But its ok as it adds to the suspense. Dont look too closely at its combat and NPC interaction - The core game,  the characters, Alien and the station itself make this easily the best game i have played in recent years. Play this in the dark around 23:00 and avoid any spoilers and you will have a blast."
,Recommended,214490,17498486,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,FiggyDiggz,"Got chased/stalked by a Xenomorph, made it almost to safety, turned, saw the alien ♥♥♥♥♥, panicked, fired all six shots from my revolver, missed all six shots from my revolver, wee'd a little, and died. That was 3 months ago. 9/10 minimum."
76561198027694376,Recommended,214490,17498593,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Racoil,"I highly recommend this, if you want to feel how weak you are"
76561198064079515,Recommended,214490,17504878,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,c.hogg.08,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
,Recommended,214490,17351671,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ＳＨＬＥＤＮＯＤ,Best horror game you can get on the marketBUY IT NOW or i will follow you home and kill your dogwill you buy it or will it be your surviving Family membersArrgh you must be kidding(Postal 2)
76561198019042324,Recommended,214490,17354867,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ReighnofDeath,This Game is a blessing to the alien franchise .For a strategy game company they did a spectacular job with this one.This is well worth the price.This is the first alien game i picked up since Alien vs Preditor.
,Recommended,214490,17298804,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,frostycamen,"I like this game. A lot, and I am a total fan of horror games such as this one. it takes me back to the silent hill series with every turn. its great. my only problem is i find some parts when evading the alien.. frankly. stupid. for 2 hours now i have been trying to get past one part of the alien in the med bay, and its honestly driving me up the walls. I have played enough of these survival horror games to know what im doing. Just for some reason i cannot get past this part. no matter what i do, the alien is always either right behind me. or right in front of me. its really starting to ruin all the fun for me like i had previously"
76561197997179359,Recommended,214490,17359551,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,mike,"This game is awesome.  The story was great and continues in between the events of the first and second movie.  The graphics are awesome and the environment is scary as hell.  Your inability to kill the Alien and only hide from it adds to the challenge and the suspense keeps you at the edge of your seat the whole game.At times it can get a bit repetitive.  Theres more then one instance where you think your at the end, only to be thrust into another chapter.  Long single player campaign but not much replay value here.Get it on sale.  Good for one play through."
,Recommended,214490,17360036,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Lixicus,If you are looking for a game that makes you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants then this is the right game for you.
76561198178636085,Recommended,214490,17360759,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Morley,"Like BioShock, but in space and with a Big Daddy you cannot kill constantly hunting you. Truly thrilling, frightening and fun. Really creates the feel of survival-horror."
,Recommended,214490,17331663,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Llama.,"Despite being plagued with multiple bugs and repeated crashes, well after its initial release, still easily one of my favorite first person shooters of all time."
,Recommended,214490,17366300,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Laminutederire,"Great game visually, gameplay wise it can be stressful at times, but I was hooked rapidly. I'd recommand this game to basically anyone."
76561198119618515,Recommended,214490,17374299,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,parimoca01,Sees alien for first time goes all apesh*t.Hits everything.Alien comes Sh*ts his pants.100000000000/10 F*ucking scared would never play again.Recommended by the doctor
,Recommended,214490,17376751,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,anthony_stratton,"Incredible game!!  I love the Aliens series and thought this was the best game I have played in this universe!  Plenty of jumps and scares, lots of sneaking and plenty of breath holding anxiety attacks along the way!  Cannot express how much i love this game, totally hoping for a sequel!"
76561198127340719,Recommended,214490,17377988,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,prich3,best game out for an alien fan 10/10
,Recommended,214490,17481539,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Cubetwok,"This is probably the closest we'll get to an interactive Alien movie. It's a phenomenal survival horror game where, unlike in previous aliens games, there is only one alien which happens to be an unkillable monstrosity who stalks around the station looking for survivors to eat. For some reason, it loves to stalk YOU while you're trying to unravel the mystery around what happened at this 1970-ish looking station. This game has great art direction and nails near-perfect tension as you try to complete objectives and make it to the limited save phones without getting your face bitten off."
76561198010423405,Not Recommended,214490,17481543,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Wolf Drake,"Many of the ""negative"" reviews give praise to Alien: Isolation in some way and articulate themselves better than I ever could.  The game looks beautiful and the atmosphere is fantastic. The gameplay involves a lot of hiding (read: waiting) and fairly frequent deaths/reloads. I didn't finish the game because after 11 hours I wasn't having fun anymore.Check the other negative reviews to get a better idea. You'll find they're quite fair."
,Recommended,214490,17481553,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,clay,Awesome game and good to see the studio didn't mind risking a big budget title on something so different for an FPS. Only complaint is the game does overstay it's welcome but the moments when you are being hunted by the alien are like nothing else.
,Recommended,214490,17452464,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,lord froge,i lyk.
76561198141838450,Recommended,214490,17484775,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,sam.dee,"awesome graphics, awesome story, awesome everything. i usually hate FPS type games which i quickly learned this is not, but its refreshing to do something different other than just run around guns blazing. YEWWWW the alien is scary"
,Recommended,214490,17109256,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,+Joshypoo,Fantastic job on lighting and sound/music to bring the suspense you want from an Alien game.**Edit**Just finished the game with over 55 hours of game play.  The AI is a BEAST but it really addes to the overall game play.
76561198043839664,Recommended,214490,17467065,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Celtic Storm,"This game is absolutely brilliant.  Its very atmospheric, and so totally terrifying to say the least.  Its certainly not for the faint hearted. :P   But if you love scary stuff, this is absolutely perfect. :)"
76561198127549585,Recommended,214490,18016998,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,jackdina73,I love this game but i have this glitch where after i escape the hive and am ready blow it up but it takes 5 min. to load then it gets worse. You dont here anyone speaking than it dosent update the mission. so it dosent tell me to over rive the power than divertet to the cetral core. im running this game on a mac book windows bootcamp. its laggy but playable if u can tell me how to fix this than thanks alot:)
76561197970337942,Not Recommended,214490,18024103,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,baaa,"One of the most repetitive and frustrating games I think I've ever experienced. By the time you've played it for an hour you've genuinely seen virtually everything it has to offer. There's nothing new in any of the later levels and I wish I'd just stopped playing instead of slogging through to the end.The alien makes things quite tense at first, but it rapidly becomes ridiculous as you realise it must be virtually omniscient to be able to follow you all over this huge space station - lifts and rapid transit systems apparently don't cause it any trouble for example. It and later the other aliens seem capable of tracking you flawlessly wherever you go, employing what must be the most extensive system of overly large air vents in human history. Having to crawl slowly around the vast majority of the time just so an alien doesn't pop out of a vent and grab you every 7 seconds really helps to artificially increase the play time of the game. Similarly the EVA sections are extremely tedious because you move so slowly and are given long distances to walk for no apparent reason. Once you get hold of a flamethrower, it's a waste of time trying to hide from the alien if you do encounter it - a couple of bursts of flame and it'll scurry off into a vent (there's always a vent within a few metres), removing most of the intended suspense and threat.Aside from the boring ""stealth"" parts, the game is just a constant stream of ""Go to place X and pull lever Y"" missions. You can explore a bit if you want sometimes, but there's not much incentive to do so when you have a checkpoint save system and the chance of dying almost anywhere and at any time depending on where the alien decides to pop out next.The game also features some of my least favourite FPS cliches, such as forcing you to give up all your weapons at one point, scripted scenes where you're just a passenger being told to press a key occasionally, multiple instances of dangling from a ladder over a long drop of some sort, taking you back to levels you've already seen earlier, and your character surviving all kinds of falls and explosions and other hazards that would have killed a normal person. One section towards the end I remember as being an example of the worst type of level design went something like this: 1) sneak through a series of rooms to find a keycard 2) sneak back through the same rooms to another set of rooms and use the keycard to unlock a door 3) try to open the door, but a generator stops working 4) sneak back through all the same rooms once again to restart the generator 5) sneak back through all the rooms one final time to get to the door again. It's so so so boring.I can't think of any reason why I'd ever want to play this game again. For all its flaws, I'd rather play Colonial Marines."
76561197977479197,Recommended,214490,18022346,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Caxapok,Best Alien game so far.
,Recommended,214490,18041678,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,D.VA,More than horror game 8.7/10The horror game that will make you jumpscare however after you jumpscare.You will have headache about the far away save and the clever AI.
76561198027889533,Recommended,214490,18042242,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,SEBOL ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants
76561197965722604,Recommended,214490,18051937,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,SilverSix,"My first Steam review and unconditional recommendation goes to this game.  Amazing first person action; definitely the smoothest and probably the most immersive first person game I have played in recent years, even on my aging GTX570.  Great atmosphere and amazing stealth mechanics, too.  Plus, I love the way it riffs on the Alien lore.  Go for it."
,Recommended,214490,17114869,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,shaq,"Buying this game was the worst mistake I ever made..I love this game.It all started when I was watching youtube. Some guy commented randomly about playing Alien: Isolation with the oculus rift and described it as ""the most terrifying experience ever."" So I talked to my friend the next day about it. He likes horror games, such as five nights at freddy's. So I told him about this comment and my friend said, and I quote, ""I need this game.""Skip ahead to March and it was 2 days from our sleepover with 2 other gaming friends. It was going to be epic. I figured everyone would get me $20 steam gift cards so I would have $60. My friend and I planned everything out. We decided we'd get the game, let it download and then at night (after playing COD) we'd all take turns playing starting with meMy friend who likes horror arrived first. He had a steam gift card for $20 with a whole little Alien: Isolation comic drawn. My next friend showed up with a $20 gift card. Nice. But the last brought a gift card for another store. SO I didn't get this for my birth day.Skip to May, it's my friend (who loves horror)'s birthday. So my friend (who hates horror) and I got him this game for ps3.He had the same response I did when I got this game.A mix between ""I hate you forever"" and ""OMG THIs IS AWESOME!!""2 months later alien is on sale for $12.50.. I bought it. The next day I played.Friends mentioned:JNinjaBug (loves Horror)Akmca (Hates horror)Xander2s (got me store gift card)PS: NEVER! I MEAN NEVER! PLAY THIS GAME IN THE DARK! I DID. I AM DEAD."
76561198114941213,Recommended,214490,18039218,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Exar Kun,"I was at the premier of the most amazing Sci-Fi/Horror film ever made, back in 1979, with my father when I was 13 going on 14 that summer. We had no idea what we were in for, and with an 'R' rating, my mom was a little concerned about ""nudity"", and wasn't real keen on me seeing it. My dad ""convinced"" her and we went and saw my second most favorite movie of all-time, ALIEN. The movie is an absolute masterpiece, and is one of the greatest movies ever made. The acting, FX, music, and that incredible ALIEN, make it second to none when it comes to Sci-Fi horror. Needles to say, mom was right, and also wrong. This movie influenced my look at movies and how they should be done. It also scared the pee out of me, and I saw it 11 times in the theaters!Now, when I rebuilt my computer, I wanted something to ""check out"" my new rig, so I downloaded Alien: Isolation from Steam because of the theme of the game, and the fact the ratings were so high. Man, was I completely blindsided by this game! I have been gaming since the dawn of video gaming back in the '70's, and I have to say, this is quite possibly the greatest PC computer game I have ever played! I won't go into a huge extrapolation of the game, since it has been out for a year, but all I needed and wanted to say is, I have never experienced anything quite this good in PC gaming EVER! I have finished the game on the first 2 levels, and am now going through it on Hard Level, and as I expected, that danged Alien and those Synthetics, are as good as any opponent I have ever faced, human or computer generated!!! This is an amazing game, or rather, EXPERIENCE, and Creative Assembly managed to capture the complete look, sound and feel of  Ridley Scott's mastermiece so well, it's not a game, it's THE game, and my all-time favorite of all-time!I give Alien: Isolation 5 out of 5 stars and my pick for greatest game on the PC ever!!"
76561197979553008,Recommended,214490,13684554,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Theasskicker,"I'm gonna make this shortThe good:Immersion is perfect, the graphics, the sound design, the gameplay mechanics - it all keeps you in the game, perfect immersion.The tension is so thick you can feel the fog of your sweat surround you as you play. Seriously.The art design and enviroment design is beyond perfect. It's like walkling around the set of the movie, combined with the amazing graphics this makes the game alone.As said the graphics are fantastic - probably some of the best i have ever seen. Beautiful lighting, with great use in the horror. Flickering lights are only the top of the mountain.Hidding is not only tense, but also tense and satisfying. And the most important part - its fair! The game might be hard as nails (especially if you play on the hardest difficulty, which i definatly recomend) but it never feels unfair. If you die then that's because you did something wrong, and you need to rethink your strategy.The gameply is diverse and organic. If you play through the same part of the game twice, the experience and way you do it will be very different from the first time you played it.AND MOST IMPORTANTLY - THE ALIEN IS SMART AS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND IS TERRAFYING AS♥♥♥♥♥♥ALSO. THANK YOU CA FOR NOT ♥♥♥♥ING IT UP.Negatives:The throwable physics can be sligthly wonky. I had a few situations where i threw something and it went straight back into my face as it bounced of a wall. But this can easily be avoided.The ending is slightly dissapoiting. Not spoiling anything it kind of get's a bit messy and dragged out, but it isn't too bad.ALL IN ALL:This game is an incredible achivement in survial horror ESPECIALLY seeing as this is a first try by CA. If you are a horror game fan, or an Alien fan this is a MUST PLAY. And even if you arent i still recomend this highly. Personally i was never a fan of horror games, but i know am.Don't listen to IGN or Gamespot, check out Angry Joes review, he sums it up excellently!And as a final message:playthisgameplaythisgame"
,Recommended,214490,13691777,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jon Snow,"Graphics: 9/10Music: 10/10Sound: 9/10Controls: 9/10Story: 9/10Characters: 8/10Duration: 10/10Overall: 9/10 - A must own game not only for fans of the franchise. For those however, the feeling of the movies which the game captures beautifully really sets this game apart from other movie based games."
,Recommended,214490,13678915,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,streebs11,"All i have to say is WOW! this game is great! if you love the Alien Franchise youll love this game! let me start with the graphics. the game looks so beautiful! i had the game set to medium settings, it still looked great. the developers had so much attention to detail from the different tools you use to blured vision upon using the radar scanner and the alien was pretty mennacing. the AI was like nothing i have seen before. i played on the easiest difficulty (i know im kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥, dont make fun of me) and the alien always managed to get me. i was hiding in a locker and tha alien climbed into the vent, so i came out of the locker and the alien came out of the  SAME vent! and killed me (11/10 would hide in a locker again) anyway the synthetics were well designed and pretty creepy. the level design made me feel that i was playing in the 1979 Alien Film. i would totally reccomend this game to any Alien/horror fan this was great! i would reccommend that anyone interested in playing in this game should have at least seen Prometheus, Alien(1979), and Aliens(1986). iff you havent watched these the game wont make any sense at all being that it takes place right in the middle of thos movies. totes worth it!"
76561198018457238,Recommended,214490,13680312,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nyah ~,"In Alien: Isolation you don't play as Ellen Ripley, instead you play as her daughter, Amanda Ripley, but it's ok, you can pretend really hard you're Ellen Ripley, since everyone in the game calls you Ripley anyway. Also you do almost the exact same things Ellen Ripley did in Alien and Aliens. Amanda arrives at the space station Sevastopol (you can also pretend it's the Nostromo, since they are copy carbons of one another), in search for a black box containing a message from Ripley. For some reason Amanda needs to pick the message herself, traveling who knows what distance and dangers of space, instead of simply receiving it through email or whatever, even though the game has inter-stellar communications. I think she’s probably as desperate as any Alien fan to hear about Ellen Ripley one more time (God, if you’re out there, please don’t let Hollywood try to reboot Alien) Anyway, Amanda, some useless girl and an android-dude-not-Bishop, arrive at the Nostr- I mean, Sevastopol, where almost everyone you meet is a paranoid sociopath that tries to shoot you, you’re watched by cameras 24/7, and there're large quantities of unoccupied space (American players should feel at home) Once there, Amanda has to sneak and fix the same things in different locations over, and over, and over again, for, like, 12 hours until the game is over.The graphic fidelity, artistic direction, and atmospheric sound will melt your brain.★★★★☆P.S. AYY LMAO"
,Recommended,214490,13694136,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lukeosaurus,A fantastic game. One of the best I have ever played!
76561198125292464,Recommended,214490,13697400,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,tomjamesclay,"This game is amazing, i love all the sounds and the picture and eye of detail. I can tell they have spent a lot of time on this game and it was worth every penny"
76561198101004657,Recommended,214490,13698129,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Cisco Kid,"Score: 9/10Plot: 15 years after the events of the 1979 Alien movie, Alien: Isolation picks up. You play as Amanda Ripley as she finds out there may have been a break on the case of her mother's disappeance. Amanda heads out to Sevastopol Station to recover the black-box of her mother's ship and immediately things go horribly wrong. The station's androids are going haywire and soon Amanda meets the Alien responsible for the mass chaos aboard the station. Amanda has to sneak around the station avoiding the Alien, androids, and the hostile station crew.Positives: Very interesting story that is very well written. The game is very suspenseful, at times more than others, and it is introduced perfectly. Visually, this game is stunning and Sevastopol looks much like the interior of the ship from the 1979 film. The ship gives off a very cool 1980's cyberpunk vibe. The audio is excellent as well. As you make your way through the station, the station creeks, water drips, and electronics are going off, which all add to the suspense as you are trying to hide. Throughout your trip you discover gear and tools that will possibly help you get through in one piece. The tools are pretty interesting and since resources are scarce, you really need to think about what equipment you will use to get through an area.Negatives: Alien: Isolation soetimes seems repeatative. At times you seem to just walk thru the same areas several times. Sevastopol is a huge station but at times it seems like you're only traveling through the same couple of stations. Another gripe is that there are several bugs I experienced, including the Alien being right in front of me and not attacking , androids randomly disappearring, and floating tools. Obviously every game has bugs and Isolation is not immune.Summary: I really recommend this game, especially if you love survival/horror and/or the Alien series. The story is very intriguing and it feels like you are in a movie.The constant hiding from danger is rewarding when you complete objectives, sneak up on an enemy, or send the Alien back into hiding. The suspense never stops and there are a couple good twist in the plot. Expect a playthrough to take 15-20 hours, depending on difficulty."
,Recommended,214490,13664816,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Volker,"Its quite refreshing to play a game that isn't mindlessly easy. On the hardest difficulty Alien: Isolation is very challenging. You'll find yourself dying frequently, but it is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,214490,13669687,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dyna,"Excellent survival horror game with great visuals and a lengthy campaign. It did have a few mediocre chapters in the middle, but didn't stop me from enjoying the experience as a whole. Also has some time trials/survival challenges if you're into that kind of thing. It's also optimized very well, FPS stayed at a solid 60 for the whole game."
76561198046986225,Recommended,214490,12598532,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Dungeon Master,"This is definitely the best Alien game EVER MADE! Tense, Atmospheric, Beautifull and Ruthless, this game IS SIMPLY AWESOME!! Is one of the HARDEST of the year as well..."
,Recommended,214490,13701823,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Mr. Blonde,A faithful adaptation of the Ridley Scott Alien film. Great atmosphere and spooky scares.
76561197970568569,Recommended,214490,13705081,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GWB,"I am about three-quarters through and having sooooo much fun with this game. Granted I enjoy stealth type games, Alien Isolation (PC version) has me hooked. I can't wait to jump back in. To be honest, I took some advice and have been playing it in easy mode, which so far has been challenging but not too difficult. The Alien will still hunt you down and kill you instantly. If you learn to stay quiet and in the shadows, you will be very successful at avoiding the alien. My only gripes are the overly aggressive unintelligent humans (which you have to practically kill to get by them) and a few bugs... delayed audio, no audio, graphical glitches, etc. If you love stealth and the Alien franchise, play this game! You will not be disappointed. I give it at least an 8... bugs fixed, maybe higher."
,Recommended,214490,13705147,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wungus,"Best game of 2014, 10/10 MLG"
76561198085949065,Recommended,214490,13729934,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,r0kajon,Game was awesome!
76561197970847031,Recommended,214490,13730727,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,FreakInMotion,Finally!!!
76561197963029344,Recommended,214490,13730870,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Foxtrot,"A truly great showcase for licensed games, it does lose a little focus in the final moments of the third act, but even despite that, no game before has so eloquently and accurately captured not just the visual treats of the O.G. Ridley Scott Alien-verse, but also the psychological feel of the filmmaking itself. A refreshingly fun and scary ride for fans of challenging new styles of survival horror as well as the film franchise itself."
76561198109351532,Recommended,214490,13706323,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,deathscam,hid in a locker died anyway 10/10
,Recommended,214490,13721087,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Chotimba,"of all of the life experiences i can recall repetitively getting my face eaten off by an alien, this one is by far the best."
76561198005800674,Recommended,214490,13722064,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mad Mike,One of the best games i've ever playhed. Word to the wise - dont play it with your 2 year old daughter on your knee - they fidget! (and hopefully dont get nightmares)
76561198023327712,Recommended,214490,13723764,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Phoenix UK,"A fantastic atmospheric survival game, true to the original Alien movie, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,214490,17424835,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,JoeyX,Spooky
76561198025977715,Recommended,214490,17424862,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SuddenStorm,"This game is visually stunning, tense (although a couple hours too long), and is Alien done for today's horror standards. The sound in this game is great, definitely play with either a decent pair of headphones or a good surround sound system. This isn't a game to play for 30 minutes a night then put down, or to play a quick match and go to bed, it is an experience and is meant to be played hours at a time. This game isn't for everyone, it is slow paced, and the game is a lot longer then other recent games I've played, so many may get bored or agitated at the length. However, I highly recommend this game, although from what I've played, much of the DLC (excluding Crew Expendable and Last Survivor) is kind of pointless."
,Recommended,214490,17425247,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,侍 Gore_ToRn 侍,"A fantastic SCI-Fi, action packed, thrill ride that will have you on the edge of your gaming chair!Alien Isolation is one of those games that has tons of dedication and careful development craftsmanship to bring us gamers an amazing thrilling experience.  From the intense and suspenseful sneak mechanic, to the amazing ambient atmosphere, this game will keep you paranoid of the darkness and using everything method you can to survive.One of the most impressive aspects of this game is the sound design and appearance of the environment. Every corridor, doorway, dynamic lighting and overall feel of the game is so well done, you believe you're really there!  The world really feels alive in Alien Isolation.If you haven't yet, I highly suggest to buy this game when you can for a suspenseful, rollercoaster of an adventure that will surely haunt your dreams when those aliens prowl the halls.I give this game the ""OFFICIAL GORE_TORN SEAL OF APPROVAL!*Happy hunting.Gore_Torn"
76561198015104887,Recommended,214490,17425517,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,captainmurder,"SCARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You will never sleep again. A film licence where, for once, they got it right big time. You have been warned :)"
76561198057787590,Recommended,214490,17426450,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,🔰ClubWRX🔰,"I haven't played much of this but I highly reccomend it. Unbelievably fantastic atmosphere that gives this masterpiece of a game a near perfect score for me.My computer isn't the fastest of all computers and it tends to bug a little bit, but doesn't effect the overall game9.5/10 Would... no, *will* play more"
76561197983664122,Recommended,214490,15178054,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Nadzia.Narnar,"I'm in love with Alien and I'm in love with this game. It is burdened with its share of problems, some of which may understandably be dealbreakers for certain players.The game is at its best when it's integrating entirely new challenges with its more familiar threats, but that experience is ocassionally undermined when those allegedly 'new' problems can be easily handled with the tactics you've already used many times. It's more interesting when you're forced to tune your strategy to come up with new solutions, and the game doesn't do that nearly enough.Also, the cutscenes are kind of a drag. I love when the exposition is handled during first-person gameplay, as it really maintains the game's amazing sense of tension. There's a moment in the game where you experience a flashback by playing through a past event, and it's FANTASTIC. It's really telling that this dramatic change in setting and time feels more organic than the blunt transition into a pre-rendered cutscene.Overall, though, this game is great. I felt the same sense of fear and urgency in the game's final moments as I did during the initial encounter with the alien. The sound design is unparalleled, the art feels innovative and nostalgic at the same time, and playing at the hardest difficulty actually mitigates many of the problems of repetitive gameplay. And if you love Alien as much as I do, you're kind of required to play this game."
76561198030884792,Recommended,214490,16852569,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,prettejohn,There can be no doubt.  This is the most terrifying game you can play at this time.  In fact I had to stop playing it several times as it was too intense and was causing me to have palpitations.When this is available on Oculus Rift... now that will be a different level of terror.Fantastic game!
76561198089093784,Recommended,214490,16854344,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,sagileommk999,"Love the game! My character died a lot, but that's to be expecated I guess. Scared the #censor# out of me at times, especially in the beginning of it. It still creeps me out to play it. My roommate got his jollies by ""accidentally"" scaring me while I was playing. Great game and love the ""hide-and-seek"" of it all."
,Recommended,214490,16856130,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,AL Fajr-i,"yess, i'm owns on summer sale very cheeaper !!!"
76561198000771433,Recommended,214490,16858234,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,CaptainFail,Highly recommended! The atmosphere is perfectly created and stays very true to the original movies. I am the kind of person who can sit through supposedly scarey horror movies without blinking an eye but this game had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. The graphics are fantastic and the gameplay very well thoughout. The story continues to progress at a perfect pace and at no point did I ever feel bored.One piece of advice though. I played on the Hard difficulty and it still seemed a little easy. I thought that I would need to hoard every bullet and every item but eventually just had a constantly full inventory. I would advise setting the game to the absolute highest difficulty if you really want a challange!
76561197975192191,Recommended,214490,16861043,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,testyrorsach,"Very atmospheric game, the sound is perfect and only adds to the tension.One of the best, and also most scary games I have played in a long while."
,Recommended,214490,17452059,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Narclee,"A:I is a terrifying experience that beautifully captures the horrific masterpiece that is Alien, while simultaneously creating a thrilling and anxiety-driven game that outmatches most modern stealth and horror games. The gameplay is encapsulating, simple, and challenging; the story and mood are focused, tense, and nostalgic; just the audio alone has done incredible things to immerse the players senses. A:I is the most deserving horror game out today simply for its ingenuity and reinvigoration of a rather predictable genre, but even more notably for its feats in outstanding Artificial Intelligence. The Alien, aka Xenomorph, is smart, unpredictable, savage, and seemingly organic, and the programmers who directly contributed to its success should be recognized.A:I builds off of the success of the original movie to create the ultimate Alien simulator, and is worth buying for $25 - $50. In the best way possible, I absolutely never want to face off against the Alien again, or for that matter, any other predatory beast in real life. My poor heart just couldn't take it."
12344125551421434,Recommended,214490,17456422,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,II-DWG-II Atorioss,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!!! I Scream like a girl.........
76561197988661707,Recommended,214490,17456549,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Khârn,"This is the best 'Hide in Locker' simulator I have ever played.  I must say that I never became frustrated and managed to stay hidden from the alien for most of the game.  Sure, there were a few random deaths, but it never detracted from the experience.  I don't think I've ever swore as much whilst playing a game as I did in this game.  Hiding under a desk whilst the alien wanders around looking for me certainly caused me to swear a lot.I also really enjoyed clearing out large rooms filled with humans by getting the alien to do all the hard work for me.  Got a room filled with nasty men with guns?  Just throw a noise maker and watch the alien eat their faces.  Nice."
,Recommended,214490,17456649,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SpyderCanopus,"At first I wasn't sure about this game... but I gave it about and hour and I was hooked.  If you're a fan of Alien and Prometheus, this is a must have.  You will feel the game is impossibly difficult towards the end, but it's possible!  Just play on easy and enjoy the atmosphere, sound effects, and story.  It's beautiful and terrifying."
76561198107420344,Recommended,214490,17456880,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Lord Diamond,Graphics/environment 10/10Storyline: 10/10Missions: 9/10
,Recommended,214490,17457894,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,squeege,Unrelenting tense atmosphere will keep you hiding in lockers for hours. Game does a great job of recreating look and feel from orignal movie. I was truly taken back to a time in my life when I was way too young to be watching Alien. Every encounter truly got my heart pumping even after playing through twice. The campaign runs a little long in my opinion at about 18-20 hours. However I estimate that I spent about 13 hours hiding in lockers.
,Recommended,214490,17463256,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,liquidplumr,"Scary as hell, but also long as hell with an ending that doesn't pay off like it should.  Still if you like the atmosphere of the original Alien, it's worth playing."
,Recommended,214490,17408750,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,☄️ Chris,"This is an amazing game. I played through the game originally on the PS4 and had so much fun with it that I gathered all achievements. It was a pleasure to play through it again on PC; buttery smooth experience compared to the console version. I highly recommend you play this game if you're into horrific titles, and jump scares."
76561198084615844,Recommended,214490,17410068,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ARMOREDCOBRA,Best game ever and the thing got me every time woth buying 10/10
,Recommended,214490,14606192,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,WormLlama,"Great Game! People say it scares you. And I agree... but just at the beginning.Once you get used to it, you just play to beat the game, and it gives you some jumpscares, but that's just it.Either way, it's fun to play, and it's even more fun to use the alien at your advantage: Need to get through the hall, to the elevator, past all the humans with guns? Easy! Just throw a noisemaker and the alien will hear it and come to kill all the people in there!The flamethrower is a little OP at moments, but it sure saves you lots of times. Even if you're a stealth master, you won't be able to avoid the alien once it jumps out of the vent, just in front of you. Specially when the fun has been doubled.Androids are really frustrating IMO. First time I faced them I was like ""Yay! Safe area with no Alien!"". Later, everytime I had entire missions with only androids I was like ""Oh man. I wish the Alien were back"". Obviously WITHOUT the androids. It's hard enough to avoid the alien or the android/s alone, don't even think about dealing with both at once. Specially knowing, that the Alien ignores sinthetics and viceversa, so using one as distraction to the other is not an option.As I said, it's a great game. However, if you're an all FPS guy then you WON'T like this game. If you like fast-paced games, then this is NOT your type of game. If you like to shoot your way out of danger, killing every-last human / beast / monster in the map, then this is NOT your kind of game. You can't kill the Alien. You can't run. You can't make noise. You'll have to hide a lot, maybe wait a lot, and surely die a lot.Patience is a virtue and if you want to beat the game, you'll have make the most out of it."
76561197992523098,Recommended,214490,13867588,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Awful_Lawton,From Dues Ex: Human Revolution to Outlast....No game does crawling around in vents like Alien: Isolation.
76561197972832797,Recommended,214490,13873185,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nerdgunner,"Starts out rough in the first few hours, but really shines for the rest of the game. I thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561197993101121,Not Recommended,214490,13815912,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nightk,Mi sarebbe piaciuto sparare di più e nascondersi meno...
76561197978730467,Recommended,214490,13817164,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Milford_Man,"Well, I just finished Alien : Busy Work.  Pull this lever, push this button, hack this terminal, cut this panel, power this generator, etc.  Ripley go to Comms, Ripley go to the MedLab, Ripley to the Galleria and so forth.What's that?  All I have to do is push this button to win?  Nope...we're going to put all these obstacles ( basically busy work ) in your way to artifically lengthen the game.  Then we're going to reward your efforts with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ electro song with random samples from Ripley last message that seem totally out of place...geez.  Also leave the game open for a sequel because...you know...money?On the upside the game did reference that awkward moment when a malfunctioning android tries to shove a rolled up girlie mag down your thoart as a metaphor for♥♥♥♥♥♥So what would make this game better?Replace all the working Joes with Tobias from Arrested Development, and have them make inappropriate innuedos whilst trying to help you...or kill you.10 out of 10.Game of the Year.Franchise potential."
76561198023748927,Recommended,214490,13820249,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Br4inEater,"Climate, details outstanding, scare even more."
76561198015557011,Recommended,214490,13821441,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MonoType,Best hide and seek simulator - 1 broken e key/1 broken e key
,Recommended,214490,13603658,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Walris,"Possibly one of the most stressful gaming experiences of my life so far. Second to maybe SCP:Containment Breach and maybe Silent Hill:PT since both games TRY to disturb you.______________________________________________________________________________Graphics: Top 5 best looking games of 2015, possibly 1st.Audio: Unbelievable. The alien's weight is revealed by the thumping, pouding steps it takes. It's size and somewhat clumsiness is revealed by the banging of air ducts. Meanwhile, the station and everything happening around it all are brought to life by the sound. Also, the sound of Working Joes gurgling on their own white-blue blood is ever so satisfying.______________________________________________________________________________Mechanics and Gameplay: Unpredictable alien. He will search the general area, but he doesn't try TOO hard if he hasn't noticed you yet. However, once he knows you are in the vicinity, he will hunt you down. The flamethrower does make some of the game a breeze, but once it runs out, the panic of realizing you have to actually hide from him again and are utterly defenseless settles in heavily. Humans are also pretty scary in this game, mostly because their gunshots attract the alien, and they kill quickly, too. Working Joes can sometimes be a hassle, but they are overall a positive addition to the game. Originally, raincoat joes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but I realized I didn't need to confront them (this is a stealth game after all). Overall, okay, not as bad as people say they are._______________________________________________________________________________Lasting Impression: I wanted more. Admittedly, now that I think about it, I feel like the Joes stole away some fun sneaking-from-alien time from me. Instead of mashing some robot's head off, I could have been sneaking from the alien. I was sad the game was over, but it was not a dissapointing ending. If you enjoyed the game, you'll enjoy the ending. That's all I'm saying.Rating out of 109/10+unrivaled immersiveness+Smart, fun stealth vs Alien-------------------------------------------------Working Joes should not have had their own separate part in the game-Poor human animations___________________________________________________________________________Legend:7- Fun, but not very original, not different, not special, just ""fun"".8- A great experience, although it has a number of flaws9- Overall very well made game. Innovative, but could have been better had some things been changed/fixed10- As perfect as a game gets. You could ask for more, but that would be gluttony."
,Recommended,214490,13897001,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,-1PARA-Nev,"Great Game, Great Atmosphere.Wasn't expecting much from this game seeing as all the other Alien titles have been complete ♥♥♥♥e. But what can I say, It's just an outstandingly game. Buy this!P.S You will sh!t your pants."
,Recommended,214490,13901573,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[l<.u.ř.Ø_J.Φ.l<.a.r],"A stealth game that will haunt you, it will scare you. Alien isolation visually is beautiful, creates a sense of actually being in the Nostromo due to all the fine detail.The game perfectly renders the oppressing science-fi horror atmosphere, beautiful lighting effects, an inspired retro science-fi artistic design. countless nods to the original Alien movie and a killer soundtrack will give you the impression that you are actually playing a sequel to the movie. There are puzzles to solve, doors to hack and a crafting system and the save feature only adds to the tension."
,Recommended,214490,13859304,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,gergcas,"This game got some bad press, but I disagree with those that said it was too hard. I played through on the recommended ""hard"" difficulty. Don't get me wrong, this game is very challenging, sometimes frustrating, but I think that's exaclty what drives the chest-pounding tension. perfectly spaced save points and an atmosphere that replicates the creepiness of Alien (1979) with uncanny detail. I can't say the game will have much replay value, so do what I didn't in my pl;aythrough: use good directional headphones or surroundsound for the best experience. A caveat: you really need to like survival horror/stealh games to enjoy this. If you want to get through every section in only a few attempts you will probably not like the punishment this game can deal out. Still, when I did manage to get everything right on the first try, it felt amazingly satisfying. If you like survial horror AND the Alien movies ( the first two) don't misss this one."
,Recommended,214490,13862218,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jade Emperor XII,Makes me feel all excited and scare about it =D
,Recommended,214490,13873271,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Arson Aardvark,"Alien: Isolation delivers a proper return to the Alien franchise that recent games have failed to do.  As a survival horror game, it quintessentially achieves the skin-tingling terror and anticipatory fear one would gather from the teasers and trailers for this story.  Graphically sound, the attention to detail and environmental realism are adorned with ""the little things"" that reconcile the original film material with 21st century appeal.  You can read hand-written letters left posted to living quarter walls, make out vacation photos of lost crewmen and women, and generally immerse yourself in a world spawned by the late and great H.R. Giger.  Voice acting leaves a bit to be desired, but generally the star of this story is the ambience and music.  A score fit for a classic blockbuster film accompanies your masochistic need for relentless and punishing survival horror.  User interface and movement are janky at times, but seem tuned to your constant need to be quick about finding hiding places and crafting equipment in exaggerated speed.  The game is terrifying, and I find myself unable to play for extended periods of time - mostly because I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥, but also because the idea of an 8-foot ""perfect organism"" stalking you is nervewracking.  My main gripe is that the motion tracker is different from the one in the films.  The iconic noises and screen are abandoned for something newer and sleeker, perhaps canon considering the time period of the game's setting, but nevertheless disappointing.  The immediate availability of perhaps costly DLC is irresponsible and upsetting, but expected in today's triple-A title economy. Get this one to appease your bruised fandom of the franchise, and cast the previous titles to the wayside."
76561197979095986,Recommended,214490,13118399,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sgt. Rock,"I am very impressed with this one. For one, it ran straight away, with not even so much as a hiccup. (Ubisoft sucks, btw) Lighting- awesome, sound- awesome, edge of your seat,♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants cause you just got startled-awesome. You know its running around the station.... hard not to be overly tense.  Very cool, and Ive only been playing for 15 minutes.Many hours later, I love this game. Little bit drawn out, but, very true to form for the franchise."
,Recommended,214490,13877155,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,RHYZ,10/10 would spook again
76561197993234695,Recommended,214490,13915505,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,NERD_RAGE!!!,"Imagine a higher budget and better designed version of Slender; it has the elements of horror and suspense, but looks and plays 10X better. While there is a bit of a learning curve, and can be frustrating at times (you will die a lot in this game), there is something about it that keeps me coming back.Pros:+Great graphics/visuals+Awesome story+Suspensful+VO is amazing+Very challenging (once you figure out how to play, it's no longer 'hard')Cons:-Sticky controls (I think it works a bit better with a controller than a mouse and keyboard, but I'm not 100% certain on this)-Save Points are spread far apart-A lot of learn as you go parts here (you will discover what does/doesn't work through a lot of trial and error)-A few annoying bugs with some of the weapons-Ending was on a cliff-hanger (not to spoil too much)"
,Recommended,214490,13916941,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"I snagged this for $24.99 and that's a good price for it in my opinion. This is the second best game with xenomorphs in it that I've ever played, the best being Aliens Vs Predator 2 if aged graphics don't upset you. In this game, you play as Ellen Ripley's (Sigourney Weaver) daughter, Amanda Ripley, going to a space station where her mom's blown up ship's flight recorder is being held, because she wants closure on what happened to her mom since she'd been missing 15 years (a la the end of ALIEN). It's a great setup and the characters' motivations in this game are totally believable; all of the characters, really. Any xenomorph enthusiast who likes stealth games needs to play this game, as I definitely recommend it, but it's not without disappointing elements. So before I complain about those, let me just say that the alien will have your pulse raised while you watch it from hiding, moving yourself around a low object like a crate while the xeno walks around , peeking at it and just wishing the damn thing would go away. The stealth is great, and the alien can pop down out of vents and your motion tracker just makes this stealth experience wonderful. Lastly on the game's pros, it looks pretty darn good and it is an absolute -love letter- to the visuals of the first movie, ALIEN. Quite a few little homages and stuff to the film as well.On to the downsides...this game is just too long. You think ""I want to get my money's worth!"" Well, a horror game with only 4 real enemy types should not be 20+ hours long, 15 hours for a first-timer not rushing things wouldn't have gotten as boring, because that's how I felt before the game's climactic last leg: bored. Sure, I'd get nervous when the xeno was around, but no longer was I enchanted by the locations or the computer logs. I just wanted it to end on a high note. The game hardly fizzles out at its conclusion, but that feeling of wishing it would just end out of the whole thing finally getting dull isn't one I want when I'm playing a game that I had such fun with earlier.Another gripe for me is the ammo...I'm fairly certain that on Normal difficulty, I could have killed every single non-xeno enemy (you can't shoot the xeno to death) in the game with the ammo I found just looting containers and finding it on the floor, but the game, being ""survival horror,"" made me think that I would need to be sparing with the stuff. So by the end of the game, I had enough pistol bullets, shotgun shells, and bolt gun rounds to kill 40 more androids, which is like 3-4 times as many as I snuck past and left alone, so now I feel like an idiot for not blowing everything away like a standard first person shooter when the xeno wasn't after me. =/Final complaint would be the false Metroidvania vibe it gives you. If you've played any of the Batman Arkham games, or even Metroid games, you'll know that you will see stuff you want to get, such as bonus XP (Riddler Trophies) or Missle Capacity upgrades for Samus, but you can't get to them yet...there will be something visually marking that you need a certain upgrade to get in later. It makes you want to backtrack and I find it fun. However, in this game, the xenomorph is stalking you like 75% of the game, and is definitely stalking you during the small window of time that you have every upgrade. This makes backtracking through all the levels to get ID tags and Nostromo audio logs (only relevant for achievements and listening to the logs, no upgrades) a total chore to do. I couldn't bring myself to bother with going back to do that because I just wanted the game to end.I know I'm throwing up a few things that I really didn't like about the game, but this really was a good game, despite these flaws. If you like horror stealth kinda games, then you should get this for $24.99 or less. If you're really into xenomorphs and like stealth, then you should definitely pick this up, but I really would get it on sale. If you've waited this long since it launched, you can wait for another sale. I hope this has helped you out!"
76561198023691741,Recommended,214490,13904513,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ccol1492,"The original Alien movie is not just simply a horror sci-fi movie. It's Iconic. The first time people really had the crap scared out of them in a movie that takes place in space. Like I said Iconic. If you remember seeing that movie for the first time, that is what this game is like.  I'm glad they waited 30+ years to make a game that rivals the original movie. The technology in video games has progressed to a point that storytelling in video games is now an art.This is remeniscent of the alien experience in the basement of the trocadero in London. This is where you run through basically a combination of this game and Aliens. Scariest thing is not being able to fully see the alien and having your mind come up with the details. There was one point in the game I died about 15 times and jumped every single time. The sound is phenomenal! hearing all the creeks and groans of the ship, or was it something else? The music builds, it crescendos, the footsteps and the cursed blip, where do you go, RUN!!This game has been thouroughly enjoyable. I'll finish the game then looking forward to playing as the original Nostromo crew, and Ellen Ripley herself!So completely emersive!9/10"
,Recommended,214490,13904942,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Zeus,"Playing this game is an incredible experience.The story, the recreation of the alien universe, the anguish and fear provoked by the Alien and other enemies...It all adds up to create one of the most incredible gaming experiences I have had.I cannot recommend this game enough to survival/horror fans.Kudos to CA for sticking true to the genre and franchise.Ripley out."
,Recommended,214490,13905321,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ten24-Horseman™,"This one is defintitely a ""Thumbs Up"" from me!Breaking from the norm, this Horror\Survival game bring a whole new level of  engrossing environment to the game. Personally, I recommend playing with head phones, turn the lights down dim, and have a bucket near. You'll likely find that your pulse quickens and you hands sweat while you traverse the often murky and spooky environment of a nearly dead and abandoned Space Station.Nope! You wont get a fully automatic assault rifle with under-barrel grenade launcher! This is not a ""Kill the Alien"" game. This is a lot more realistic (If Horror/SciFi can be realistic) However, there's a variety of weapons (although ammunition can be a bit scarce) and a nice selection of equipment for the player to use in various situations. You'll need to scrounge for components, craft gear, and locate blueprints for new designs and upgrades. Can't get past that locked door? Find a Key Card, or maybe it needs power. Or maybe you can use a torch to cut through the security panel.Oh, and always - Always - keep your motion tracker close at hand! At least it can tell you which direction the killing blow is coming from... most of the time.Each sound can make you hold your breathe for a second while you await the ever encroaching Alien to snatch you into an overhead air duct. Take a few deeps breaths, say a prayer, and restart at the last SavePoint. The audio tracks are reminenscent of the original motion picture and while much of the sound effects are just background noise, there are many clips that are meant to make you stop in your tracks and swiftly survey your immediate surroundings.Crouch to hide from view, Sneak to reduce noise you make, and Hide whenever you can. Running is useless and only increases the danger that constantly surrounds you.Just when you think youve accomplished the goal, you find you have only scratched the surface the you have got much more to experience and accomplish.At a couple of points in the game, it changes pace, lightens the suffocating tention (only slightly), and leads the player into a bit of the backstory. Although it may seem a bit tedious and uneventful, it's filling in details that would otherwise leave you with more questions.This game is a worthy addition to the Alien franchaise and sets a high bar for future expansions and\or sequels!Well done!"
76561198101112296,Recommended,214490,21757239,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,henn,"It's taking me way too long to defeat it, but only because it's such an immersive game - it completely terrifies me to play most of the time.The sound effects are so well done that you can hear the alien moving around you and accurately be able to tell where it is, without even using the motion tracker. The AI can be weird at times (like I'm pretty sure I made direct eye contact with the Alien on several occasions, but nothing happened), but overall, it's well thought out and the movements of the Alien are generally unpredicatable. Which causes me to stress myself out in a locker for a good while until I get the guts to just run out into the open.I heard someone say the pacing is bad since it switches between intense and calm scenes (aka you can generally tell when you're safe), but I think it's nice. If I needed to consistently be on edge for the entire game, never knowing if I was in a safe area, I don't think I would be able to finish the game out of stress. The predicatable switch in pacing gives a nice break from the intensity of some missions.Overall, one of the best horror games I've played."
,Recommended,214490,21486089,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,VlkStínu,"Alien: Isolation is an amazing game. I loved it most of the times and hated it for just few. :-))What I loved most was the atmosphere. The creators really know how to build it up piece by piece until you see your first Alien.. by that time, you are scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I played the game on the Hard difficulty, which might have make it too much difficult and tedious in certain areas, but what I loved about it was that it was a real challenge unlike in other games, where you get all your progress ""for free"". You really feel relieved after getting from point A to point B and that is thanks to amazing atmosphere and crazy good AI of your enemies (especially Alien).I really enjoyed the awesome graphics, incredible realism (I loved the views into the outer space - it felt so real and alive), the cutscenes and the overall aesthetic of the game's design, which was very true to the original Alien films.Speaking of Alien movies, the music in this game was absolutely PERFECT. It felt so much like Alien films and it really made the additional mood and atmosphere build up.The main protagonist was outstandingly portrayed. Very believable reactions, gestures, movements and the voice acting was in my opinion top notch. And I can really tell, because I am very sensitive to bad voice acting.This being said, it is a game very worth your time and you can spend pretty scary and awesome evening with it. :-) Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214490,21447318,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,-5- thejollyroger,"Such a great game, good to look at, suspensful. there is a lot of back tracking. 9/10 you won't regret playing it."
76561198007362311,Recommended,214490,21530533,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Vegan Man,9/10 a very very good game. Now one of my top 10 favourite games of all time. Only gripe - no acid blood? Shotguns and pipe bombs do no damage?An absolute must for any serious gamer.Well done all and thank you for the experience.
76561198131418224,Recommended,214490,12427906,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,jeffwest56,my review for alien isolation is summed up in one word [ AWESOME]
76561198032591282,Recommended,214490,21568362,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,ElFuzzi,As an Alien fan this was almost a no brainer for me but I waited awhile because of being burned with the previous disaster which need not be named 'cough Colonial Marines cough'.  Thankfully this game is miles better than that crap and 'must' be played in dark with headphones if possible - trust me it's great.
76561198009379359,Recommended,214490,21491607,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kinghut73,"Pro's - Good storyline, nice suspense and shock factor, smooth gameplay and story/effects made it easy to merge into the game which helped it feel as if I were really involved in the story and not just playing a game. Definately recommend purchase.Con's - Not comfortable with ""Survival Mode"". Mainly just hard to get into character since info is so limited and seems a bit too tough right out of the gate but still trying it."
,Recommended,214490,21487675,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Savant,"There are plenty of reviews that gush about the great visuals and atmosphere, so I won't repeat what's already been said.  My next remark is not a spoiler, but let's make one thing clear here...  You don't get to 'kill' the alien with your weapons.  The entire point behind this alien is that it's an unstoppable killing machine.  Let me sum it up in one sentence...You are the hunted, not the hunter.What I wanted to touch on in this review is what an average FPS player can expect, since that really doesn't seem to get discussed.  First and foremost, this is NOT an FPS.  Yes you have weapons, but if you were to play the game perfectly (which is nearly impossible) you should never have to use them.  Ammo is *not* plentiful, so only use your weapons when it is unavoidable.This is a game of stealth and tactics.Of staying one step ahead.Of patience.I would suggest that you choose the skill level of the game based on how patient a player you are.  The less patient you are, the lower the skill level you should choose.  Otherwise you will find the game frustrating and unsatisfying. If you are not a fan of 'stealth' games, then this game is not for you.In subtle ways, it reminded me of System Shock 2.  You aren't some warrior, you're basically a lay person who finds themselves in a bad situation.  Your character is in this game is an 'engineer' more than anything else.  While the game is 'mostly' linear, there are often multiple paths to some extent.  (Like a choice between taking a shorter route in an open and exposed hallway, or a longer one through vents that is safer.)A couple tips for gameplay...  Avoiding the alien is something you need to learn VERY early. Personally I tried to use the motion tracker (once I got it) as little as possible since it usually does a better job at attracting the alien than anything else.  If you are hiding because the alien is close (especially if you are in a locker) then you should never use it.  The sound of the alien's footsteps is far better at telling you how close it is.  As for mission objectives, the map should give you a general idea of which way you need to go.One of the best ways to 'wait out' the alien is to listen for when it climbs up into the ceiling vents.  When it is up there, you can crouch-walk around in relative safety.  If it's out walking around in the halls, you are better to sit tight until it goes back into the ceiling vents.  It has an annoying habit of doubling back on areas it has checked for noise, so just as you think you're safe, it can come right back.  Also, if you are in a wall vent, don't linger. It tends to hear the noise you make in vents if it's close.Once you get the flamethrower, a short blast of flame in the face of the alien *will* save you from death. That's really the only direct defense you have against it.  There are ways to distract it with tossable 'accessories' like noisemakers and flares, but if the alien spots you, the flamethrower is the only thing that will send it running off to the vents. (But it WILL be back, and soon.)  As for the robots you may see walking around, red eyes mean it is hostile, white eyes mean it is not.The save game system is a bit clunky, since it relies on in-game terminals mounted at fixed locations.  While the game will autosave during transitions between missions and when you use elevators etc... it's up to you to save the game at other times--when you can.  By the way, the game has many rooms and such that are 'locked' and inaccessible as part of the gameplay, so don't assume that a locked door can always be opened somehow. Many never get opened.Lastly, play this game at night, in a dark and quiet environment for best impact."
,Recommended,214490,21575083,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Cubical Wings,One of the best games based on the Alien movies (scary as sh*t)
,Recommended,214490,21546720,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Trickster512,"I absolutly love this game!You play as Amanda Ripley who is Ellen Ripley's daughter, although fans of the movies know how this turns out it doesn't take away from the experience at all!The game does have some slow spots but that only adds to the level of immersion in the game and were put in mainly for fans of the alien universe.The hiding mechanic does seem pointless at times, often hiding behind a crate instead of in a locker works better. There is a tether like system between Ripley and The Alien in the levels where the alien is active, but after awhile that is easily forgiven (Especially once you learn more about what is going on).Here is our let's play of the campaign, played the DLC offscreen and those aren't really interesting (same thing just on different maps)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aG9YaRK4h4&list=PLhWb5RkIPo2Q53F_RgISfrR0CnPYdfQAH"
,Recommended,214490,21542350,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Scott Miller™,I honestly can't even put that many hours into this game. It's too scary.Life is too short and this game is too stressful.Job well done.
76561198059708680,Not Recommended,214490,21521342,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,scifinut989,Its a good game [up until a point of frustration] but for some reason I think my version came with a bug [no pun intended]  in which I can't get past the reactor level.  All hints I've seen of how to play don't seem to apply to my version.  I even uninstalled the game without any change to replay the level!  No androids in the level nor to overload Reactor core after switching the levers is possible to get to the next level an believe me I've searched Youtube an the cheats!  I get past the nest only to get a stuck mode talk about extremely annoying!  Stated level 14 to see if I missed anything an still nothing!  No unless there is a patch for this game on Steam I don't recommed it for now!
76561198119447414,Recommended,214490,21636454,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mezcalito,Awesome game. Nerve-racking. Same SFX as the movie. Loved it!
,Recommended,214490,21646992,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Boredyx,"Wow this game....Ok so this game is scary as ♥♥♥♥. I mean it. I palyed this twice before on the PS3 and still, i had to take breaks after each mission.Sooooooo the graphics: i would say 9.2/10. They look insane. And the particles!!! Wow. Fog looks GREAT!! Textures, reflections, dinamic shadows! All that! LovelySound: 9.9/10. When you play, you feel immersed and the sound helps it! Amandas voice actor did such a good job and it actually seems she is scared! Sound qualiti is great.Gameplay: Fan of hide n seek?! Yes? Buy this righ away! Its literly playing hide n seek with a Alien monster! The AI is brilliant and helps it a lot. Those moments when (spoliers on) There is a row of 5 lockers and you are in the 4 one and the Alien comes and slowly searches every locker getting closer and closer... What do you do? Jump out and throw a flashbang? Wait and hope a onely survivor axcidently wanders into the room causing a distraction? Hope a mirracle happens?Overall buy it. Now."
76561197972988554,Recommended,214490,21661190,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vizreki,"Pros:Stunning graphicsAmazing soundCreative gameplay mechanicsActual horror & terror from variety of sources, not just jump scaresCons:Sneaking gets a little old after 15 hours, but game design is good enough to break up the monotony for the most part.9/10"
76561198216546071,Recommended,214490,30720295,Posted: 24 March,all,Soulbound Alchemist,"This game...I could use many words to describe this masterpiece of horror and suspense. Among them, terrifying, evil, insane! That being said, I absolutely LOVED this game! The sheer difficulty of the Alien's AI, along with the terrifying atmosphere ended up keeping me thoroughly entertained, and on the edge of my seat for hours! If you haven't played this yet, what the heck are you waiting for?!?!? Get it, play it, LOVE/HATE IT!!!!!!!"
76561198037078170,Recommended,214490,21631019,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Birdman,I play this game a few hours every six months or so because of how scary it is. Haven't beat it yet. Hopefully this year.
,Recommended,214490,21629975,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Trevr™,Recommended
76561198036124867,Recommended,214490,21430811,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,jmyers,"Alien Isolation: 10 out of 10First, my qualifications: I'm a casual gamer (pc games exclusively) of the ""single player"" type. I enjoy adventure games, rpgs, and puzzlers mostly. Some of my favorite games are the STALKER series, Witcher series, Dead Space series, Fallout 3, Amnesia, Tomb Raider, Skyrim, Splinter Cell series, Crisis series, Mass Effect, Deus Ex series, etc. I like myself some good horror every now and again (though I usually only play them in the daylight!), and Alien Isolation is the only game I've played so far that's brought each of the elements of all those games into one: horror, stealth, rpg, shooter, puzzler, sandbox and more. It's a beautiful game with well-thought out ship (and game) design that always makes sense (you find blueprints for items where they would naturally be, and you find parts for those items where they would naturally show up, too). It's a horror-rpg-shooter-stealth-puzzler-sandbox game (hrssps--we'll have to come up with a new moniker for this genre, I guess!). Up until now I'd say it would've been a toss-up between Dead Space and Amnesia for the scariest game, but now I'm not so sure . . .I didn't think AS was going to be TOO scary just because I'm so familiar with the threat (everyone knows the Alien monster), and because it only involves one monster (as opposed to Aliens Isolation--but I guess that's next . . .). But I was so wrong. The fact that I know how dangerous the monster is coupled with the conceit that the Alien is hunting (with all the beautifully rendered sound effects related to its banging around the vents together with the proximity sensor tone) me (the player) very deliberately across a very large and empty ship makes this an almost paralyzing experience at times. And the Alien is not the only thing hunting the player; there's also super-creepy, plastic androids and paranoid humans also on the prowl.AS is truly a unique gaming experience and one which anyone who enjoys a good scare now and again would greatly enjoy. I'd love to watch others play it for the first time just to watch their reactions--here I come, YouTube! A great game I could play over and over, I think. Totally recommend!Update: I'm now on mission 12 and getting a bit frustrated with the Alien's movements. I even dumbed the game down to ""novice"" and still that darned Alien plagues me! I thought I'd never get through Mission 10; it's incredibly hard and very long--and one in which the player is hounded constantly by the Alien.I'm beginning to think there's been a basic error in the development of this game, and the developers should have looked at games like Amnesia The Dark Descent for guidance: in that game the tension builds and builds to a fever pitch until you finally begin to encounter creatures and you're running scared out of your mind. In here, though, there's too much Alien and not enough Isolation. Yeah, this game scares the pee out of me at times, and I think I might have a nervous breakdown, but then as the Alien becomes more and more prolific in its appearances and drops down at every other opening it just becomes increasingly annoying.The space station is a great feat of design and I'd love to be able to admire it some more, but the creators kind of ruined that experience by making the story too much about the Alien hunting me. The Alien's appearances--in my opinion--should have been scaled back about 50%. Just the spooky noises themselves put me on edge without any actual danger. If I had seen the Alien less, I'd have been jumping a lot more at every little sound and opening door . . . wondering if the Alien would suddenly appear.Though the developers state at the beginning that the game is best played on hard core, my advice is to play it on novice where you'll see the Alien a little less and be more creeped out!Impressive graphics, perfect sound design, well-thought-out tasks to complete . . . actually just about every other aspect of the game is perfect and worth playing for those reasons. Here's hoping they'll come out with a dlc that incorporates more tension and less Alien."
,Recommended,214490,21534774,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CodeWalrus,>First time playing with friend>Alien drops from vent literally 2 Metres in front of me>Screams.mp3>quit game until heart rate returns to normal10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again
,Recommended,214490,14543226,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,DEADWIND,"What I don't like about this game is that it won't even install on my PC.Windows 7, 64 bit. PC won't update all the way."
76561197972784709,Recommended,214490,14545587,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Apatche69,My GOTY. A Very enriching experience that completely takes you to another place. With all of the discounts for this game recently you would be doing yourself a disservice not picking it up.
,Recommended,214490,14535215,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ThorSerpent,"The best game in Alien series and one of the best sci fi horrors out there. Fantastic authenticity, attention to small details and polished gameplay. Highly recommended."
76561198172097311,Recommended,214490,14673129,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,beyoutofulliest,"after geting killed a 100 times, i still come back for more.  heart pounding, awesomse sound."
,Recommended,214490,14460323,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,-=SoD:A=- Elite Pred,"Solid Survivor/Horror game. the ability to create distractions and perform evasive maneuvers makes this game a game for the brains out there.Weapons are very true to the movie (flamethrower, DLC Motion Tracker)Overall, good gameplay but may need more work in the near future"
76561198042867523,Recommended,214490,14273063,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bumbus,"Perfectly captures the feeling and atmosphere of the original 1979 film. If you're into horror, sci-fi, and the Alien franchise, this is a must-buy."
76561198053500451,Recommended,214490,14494916,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Tosche Station,"Top-rate game. Although it is fairly difficult to capture the survival horror genre's tone and gameplay, this game easily does it. In fact, I think this game sets new standards for a relatively young genre. Combining the aspects of an open-world and a linear story mixes for a great experience-- especially in the Alien universe.  It's also impressive that The Creative Assembly achieved this, considering they typically develop RTS games. My only complaints are the Alien's scarce appearences compared to the length of the story, and the amusing lip sync. However, I appreciate the attempt at a diverse opposition (working joes, hysterical citizens, etc.). If you do get stuck on a level with a premise you find boring, it is always enjoyable to admire the beautiful graphics. 8.75/10"
,Recommended,214490,14580082,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,DreamWolfxx,"This is the best Alien game ever  , i do hope Ca & Sega will do ALien isolation 2Best story line, survival & not like the alien marine game."
76561197992799026,Recommended,214490,14580308,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Rich T Biscuit,"♥♥♥♥♥YOUR PANTS SCARY. could do with an in game option to view controls, it's quite happy to flash up on the screen ""press X to do Y"" when you are too busy doing things to notice, leading to some annoying googling to work out how to peek round corners or hold your breath.very atmospheric,  very tense, when the Alien is in the area it really feels like you should be scared, which a lot of horror games don't manage.fantastic."
,Recommended,214490,14598844,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Pinksteady,"If you are a fan of the original Alien movie, or the franchise in general, you will love this. It is so true to the film - the sounds, the environment, the atmosphere, the Alien! It is joy to be in the space station and explore it. The game is a horror in the same way the movie was - not your usual in-your-face horror but the slow-build up suspense type.One of the highlights for me of recent memory. Highly recommended."
76561198002100589,Recommended,214490,15880973,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,the Perfect Omelette,"I came into this game not having read any reviews, simply knowing it would likely be enjoyable. I was worried the game might hold my hand.No.The struggle is real."
76561198072175861,Recommended,214490,15922317,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,JesusTheSunGod,Best pants-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator.10/10 would buy new pants again.
76561197995479302,Not Recommended,214490,15906044,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,bosevis,"The game has a good story at its core, but it gets lost in about 10 hours of game play that is pretty much a door opening simulator with a small handful of puzzles repeated over and over again in Identical environments.It does a good job of building tension and has some good jump scares, but when it's ALL the time it turns from exciting to boring really fast. I'm normally a completionist who likes to explore the whole game, but after a few hours of seeing the same stuff I couldn't run though to the end fast enough.This would have been a much better game had they cut a good 7 hours off the length. It felt like 6 hours worth of good survival horror jammed with another 10 hours of frustrating filler"
76561198018884014,Recommended,214490,15993239,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Papa Emeritus,Good game but I would recommend horror games such as Outlast first.
76561197960482049,Recommended,214490,15999655,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Steveh,Too scary to complete
,Recommended,214490,16155205,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,{Mow} Gamdom.com,Alien: Isolation is a really good Horror game i really enjoyed the game.I was on my edge of my seat and very scared.Watch the Alian movie 1 and 2.Then get this game.10/10 would play again
,Recommended,214490,16158974,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rhynna,"The best Alien game I ever played. Alien Isolation truly captures the sensation of utter helpnessless and terror. Never ever was a Xenomorph so incredibly scary before: how do you defeat an invincible, vicious and extremely hostile creature? You cannot hide, you cannot run away from it. But you can try to outsmart it."
,Recommended,214490,16166320,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bryan,Love it
76561198185042322,Recommended,214490,16556967,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Super Cobra,"Amazing Game! I actually feel like I'm trapped and scared inside a decaying space station. Lil Ripley is a BA B. I love her character. 11/10 visuals and the same for the atmoshere of the game. A lot of the game is walking, inserting keys and flicking switches but it is somehow thilling! The Alien vibe has never been captured better. You paid for the whole seat, but you will only need the edge for this game! 6 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,214490,16558838,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,⭐Rated 18+⭐Fnatic⭐,I have never scream like a girl before.Alien Isolation change my world.10/10
,Recommended,214490,17884802,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,otsuguacor,[3h] Fear at every step [/3h]
,Recommended,214490,17786737,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Mullrock,"Resoundingly accurate to the genre! True fans made this game! When I reached a save station I really felt like I survived just a bit longer. It is freakishly frightining. Holding my breath in a locker, I pray that the Alien does not open it and punch its inner mouth through my skull! Resources are scarce and panic attacks are frequent! If you every wanted to live the movie Alien, then play the game!"
76561198000552458,Recommended,214490,17784044,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AtomicBBQ,If you're a fan of the original Alien movie you will like this game!
76561198008894817,Not Recommended,214490,17805309,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Why We Can't Have Nice Things,"Too long, too repetitive, AI cheats. The atmosphere is good, but it's not worth getting through unless you're a glutton for punishment. Same thing over and over again. Crawl around and hide. Try to find unclear objectives. Get killed. Rinse and repeat."
76561198027725064,Recommended,214490,17791173,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,nutan,I love a scary game that make me crap my pants and this game lives up to that(FREAKING LOVE IT)i realy recommend it if you like to get a bit scared......
,Recommended,214490,17802955,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,electron1877,"This is one of the best games I have ever played, and is by far the best Alien game I've seen and played. Mostly smooth animations, great graphics, amazing lighting, fantastic AI, what more is there to ask for?The down sides: it lagged a bit for me which played the sound of being killed by the Alien before it actually happened, the lipsyncing is pretty bad, and there is too much time spent fighting the synthetics.However, I loved the fact that it followed the original story line of the first Alien movie by Ridley Scott from his deleted scene, where Dallas and Brett are in a nest of sorts, as oppose to James Cameron's film where there is a queen. It is also fun to look around and find all the Easter Eggs like the origami unicorns from Ridley Scott's other film, Blade Runner, the kiddy drawing of the Xenomorph and robot found in Gemini Exoplanet Solutions, and Mike Tanaka's room in the Spaceflight Terminal with concept art of the characters and Aliens in the game.I also love that Axel is basically the tutorial guy and he is subliminally teaching you how to play the game and that at the last time you see him, he shows you what NOT to do: make a lot of noise.Overall: 9/10 Amazing game. Great for any Alien fan. 5th best game I have ever played! :)"
76561198199882365,Recommended,214490,17629009,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,EvanSea,i like this game cause its what of the best games i ever played
,Recommended,214490,17725274,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Mr. Khorn,I get why people are scared of bugs now.At least most bugs you can squish without worry.
,Recommended,214490,17728425,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Featherly,"Great game. Good story, keeps you coming back to play again.  Nice tie in with the movie franchise."
76561197984882220,Recommended,214490,17733220,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,DvsMrZeRo,YES YES YES GET IT!
,Not Recommended,214490,17737392,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Yum,"This game does a lot of things very well:- Graphics are good- Runs well (mostly)- Environments are very detailed- Does a good job of creating tense atmospheres- Recreates the old sci-fi look-and-feelHowever, after you get the flamethrower the game unfortunately goes downhill fast.- Alien is no longer really a threat, just spritz it and it runs away- Androids and humans are still as dumb and easy to outsmart as they were before- Puzzles get very repetitive- There's a lot of backtracking- Entire sections where nothing really happens and you just walk to your objective, flip a switch and walk backI never found it to be scary, it was more of a tense experience; giving the player an overpowered weapon with which to destroy the main enemy completely removes any tension and basically lets you run around with no sense of danger. The game does try and remedy this by making puzzles with various enemy types, but pretty much all of these situations can be bypassed by throwing noisemakers.The first few hours were great. After that I honestly just got bored. Get it if it's on sale, that's probably more representative of the fun you'll get out of it. Also if you're a fan of the original Alien movies and want some nostalgia."
76561198131056964,Recommended,214490,17738135,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,sausagefingers,No spoilers in this review :)  I'm not one for horror films. I get nightmares. After playing Alien Isolation I will never sleep again. Ever !! I finished this game on normal difficulty and was going to complete it on nightmare settings but I will never play this game again !! This game was amazing to the point where I couldn't commentate on youtube because I was too busy crapping my pants. I would very highly recomend this game. Lost years off my life. Brilliant but never again.
,Recommended,214490,17742267,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Windmill_Warrior_420_\//\,"it starts nostalgic, becomes spooky, becomes creepy, until you are scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,overall pretty easy to walkthrough, but there are some parts where the game wants you to play the way you should if this was real, even on novice.lot's of jumpscares, basic puzzles just easy enough to keep track on your enemies and do them.good character developement, i felt like i was there for the week i played it.it's this sort of semi-realistic because you got monsters and are in space on a ship controlled by a commorode 64, but you are also limited to normal human functions/resistnace ect. you are actually almost dead if you get hit once, can't take on certain enemies (like a 7ft 200KG killing maachine), that sort of stuff.10/10 would break my screen again."
76561198037480701,Recommended,214490,17747832,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sailokynn,"Ok first of all let me tell you that before i played this game, i have never seen any on the Alien's movies. (I know... I know...)So i bougth this game a little while ago when it was on sale. At first i wasn't really sure want to expect but the reviews were good and the game was dirt cheap. Also i like survival horror games a lot so why not.When i first start the game i was instantly immerge into it. The graphics were good, not the best but pretty good, but the thing that got me in was the atmosphere. The atmosphere was so well done i have actually the impression of been part of the game. I don't like give comparison but it reminded me a lot of Dead Space. But that's were the comparison end. Because this game is unique, the soundtracks are wonderfull and the story is good.So the game start pretty slowly but that's a good thing. It help you get into it, you explore de Sevastopol and you see that the devs have put big efforts into making the sevastopol feels huge but also claustrophobic. Then you meet the Alien, that's were the game became stressful, but a lot stressful. Seriously i had a hard time playing more than an hour and a half straight because the stress was too intense. You keep going on the sevastopol, hearing the footsteps of the alien and the creepy soundtrack, and you never know when is going to fall on you.I finished the game at normal dificulty at about 14 hours in. I'm a rush guy so i finished it pretty quickly but if you take your time it can easily take you 20 hours to finish the game. I recommand that game a lot and i give it a good 9 out of 10. One of the best survival/horror game i played.Oh and in case you're wondering, i did bought an Alien Anthology Bluray after beating the game, and i enjoyed the first two movies a lot! In fact the first one is now my favorite horror movie of all time."
,Recommended,214490,17638231,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Infinite Devil Machine,"Terrifying, suspenseful, and fun."
76561198174694981,Recommended,214490,17638955,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,kristhope,"I just finished the game, this was a great game and sometimes shocked me to death.sounds effect just like a hollywood movies!"
,Recommended,214490,17269221,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,LilCthulhu1972,"I'm not done yet, I'm probably halfway through the game so far and it's been a one hell of a ride.I was one of the unlucky person to buy Aliens: Colonial Marines before it's released, one of the worst game ever produced vs the hype it had in my honest opinion. I was an early buyer, probably my first game on Steam and although I did ""suffer"" through it all, it left a bad taste in my mouth. About Steam, but mostly about Gearbox. I will never buy another Gearbox EVER.Now regarding Alien : Isolation, it is exactly what the franchise needed. It is, I think, one of the best game I have ever played although the first one in this genre. Everything about this game is done right, the visuals, the atmosphere, the feel of the first movie, a small bit of the second movie. The sound effect and themes are what set this game apart from anything else... Horror / Terror / Sci-Fi done right ! It is a formidable game that I've enjoyed a lot.Strongly suggest if you're looking for something different, something that will take a lot of time to play. Don't expect an FPS. Don't expect to face enemies right away !Kudos to Creative Assembly ! I'll be looking into more of your games !"
76561198147866327,Recommended,214490,17640449,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Scrandasaurus,"Just finished the game. Holy cow, what a ride. Highly recommend. Great atmosphere and genuinely terrifying. Only gripe is the slightly lackluster ending, but that is more than made up for by the positives. If you are a fan of the Alien series, sci-fi, or survival horror - definitly pick A:I up."
,Not Recommended,214490,17649985,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,mike,"I'd like to know how this game managed to get such high praise.Admitedly it has nice environments, and it's quite faithful to the original style of the 80ies.That aside, the rest is lame: The game is just too long, it's not scary but frustratingly boring, the alien sounds like an elephant, the weapons and crafting is useless, the map is closed by doors in the good old gold/green/red/blue access cards styles but for no logical reasons, humans are either shooting at you or crawling in a corner, some of the sequences are just pure copies of the original movie (where does homage stops and lazyness starts?).All in all I'm glad I finished it (using a trainer) but it's definitely not a game I will replay or recommend to anyone.In summary: Alien Isolation is a boring first person crawling game where everything can kill you, and when you think you are done you have more boring stuff to do, and then again."
76561198131783870,Recommended,214490,17650999,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Respawn,"My sister got scared if this game,and i was the one that was playing it.Amazing!!!"
,Recommended,214490,17165971,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Ghost808,"Never have I spent so much time in a game, hiding in a cupboard.....and loved every minute of it!!This game is fantastic! The look and feel captures the essence of the original first two movies, especially the first, in perfect detail. The settings and design are spot on! The sound effects and music are also perfect. You really feel like you are in the Alien universe.Many have said this game is very scary. I would have to disagree. It has it's jump moments, sure, but it's not really scary. But that is no bad thing. What this game has instead, is truck loads, no, OIL TANKER loads of tension. So much so, I think I damaged a muscle in my back from clenching my shoulders so tightly!This game isn't for the short attention span, COD sissies, who need to solve everything with a gun and like the game to lead them to victory. This game is TOUGH and LOOOOONG. You need patience and skill to win this. (or just die A LOT!) No auto aim and hand cannons here!You might be thinking, no guns? It can't be very exciting??? Well firstly, there are guns, but they are only going to help you in a few situations. Secondly, this game ratchets up the action at a constant pace until all hell breaks loose! It doesn't let you rest until the very end. It's not all sneaking and hiding. There are some genuine seat of your pants moments!I read recently, that due to poor sales, this game might not get a sequal. That makes me very sad. This is a franchise that deserves to go on and on (now that isolation has shown how it SHOULD be done) It's a shame too many players want easy, quick finish games, with crap/no plots. I'm sure Call of Doody will have installment 68 released soon to keep them happy though.I loved every minute of this game. I'm actually kind of sad I finished it now....oh well, i'm off to try the survival mode :)"
76561198085531868,Recommended,214490,17166080,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Sangrusanson,absolutely terrifying... I've never been this scared in a game EVER ..omg.  this is what it feels like not being the Apex Predator anymore.. I felt like alien dinner all the way through this game. I wsincerely hope that there isn't something like this out there somewhere in the universe.. and if there is.. I hope we never encounter it.
76561198085144624,Recommended,214490,17166221,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,CrashOverride,"As a fan of the movies (well the first 2 anyways) this is the Alien game I have been waiting for. Unlike other Alien games that shall not be name the Alien in this game is one to be feared. Even after getting items to defend yourself it is very much a theat that will make you dive into the nearest locker at the slightest sound. They also really made to atmosphere feel like the 80s Sci-fi, from the CRT monitors to the motion sensor. The game can get a little slow in the areas that the Alien is not around but it keeps the suspense that you could turn the corner and run in to the monster."
,Recommended,214490,16632311,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,☂Mawiois,"It's great. You should play it.There's one big negative though: You get stuck easily. Loads of times. While trying to find the right button that didn't light up correctly, while being chased by whatever's chasing you at the moment. So then you reload last checkpoint, wander around, try to figure out what the ♥♥♥♥, and hope the patrolling AI does something else that time.Is that really such a bad thing? Yes. It's heavily immersion ruining when you stop being scared of the Alien and start treating it as a thing that doesn't let you figure out what you're doing. ""Well the button is not there either"" then the Alien kills you. ""Oh they blocked this door too?"" then the Alien kills you. And then the Alien suddenly doesn't appear anymore when you reload and you're free to play the actual game. While still not knowing what you're supposed to do.Otherwise just fantastic."
,Recommended,214490,17168389,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vimp,"Remember the awe of first time playing Half Life 2? I relived it with Alien: Isolation. I can't believe how true to the Alien universe this is, the devs really put passion and love into this. Highly recommended!!"
76561197970050038,Recommended,214490,17172572,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Tyrnasales,Love this game. Was tired of games being overly easy and being able to beat them in a day. I have now had this game for 3 days and am not even halfway through it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes the alien movies and games who wants a challenge.
76561198062059614,Recommended,214490,17131427,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Male Gardevoir,"prepare to die again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again............this game should've been called Alien: Prepare to die edition"
,Recommended,214490,17132540,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Ghost_Control,Terrifying!! I HIGHLY recommend this game! ;)
76561198175530014,Recommended,214490,17132598,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Rekt,amazing. I love being stabbd by an alien and beat to death by anamatronics.but serously this game has great sounds and replacates the original movie's atmosphere very well.
76561198107541566,Recommended,214490,17133152,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Dulce,"Decent horror game, lacked some certain ammount of properties. A good game but maybe worth really around 30$ and i personaly did not enjoy the ending (it was close to what the movie did but not really and just regardless not an ending for my taste)."
,Recommended,214490,17133905,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Fuor20,my 2014 goty
,Recommended,214490,17133955,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nickipoo,gr8 game m8
76561198053561623,Recommended,214490,17134610,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,tiggles,Terrifying. But I loved every minute of it.
76561197979707678,Recommended,214490,17134982,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,HayabusaZeroZ,"The best Alien (read: ""Alien"", not ""Aliens"") game I've ever played, and a great survival horror game in its own right. It beautifully emulates that retro low-tech future aesthetic from the original film while adding in great additions like the Working Joes and a crafting system that isn't annoying. The ending is a disappointment, but that's only after an engaging 15+ campaign."
,Recommended,214490,17135310,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Merick,"its like playing hide and seek with your cat, but its a 9 foot snake monster who fancies the not so nice face kissesone of the best atmospheres and themes to a game in a very long time, i would highly reccomend giving it a shot!"
76561198069209469,Recommended,214490,17135789,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Red Jacket,Best Laxitive EVER!!
,Recommended,214490,17136076,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,hercule pyro,"Amazing. The closest thing to the first movie you'll get. Too damn scary for me except in tiny doses, but worth the price (on special) any day of the week.Goes on a bit too long, but the first 6 or 7 hours are amazing."
,Recommended,214490,17136151,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,A Disgruntled Wino,Scary as hell.  Great game.
76561198149033014,Recommended,214490,17136168,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,metalstar,i love this game it a good horror game in 2014 no less you guys no what i am saying
76561198069568901,Recommended,214490,17136443,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Lokasolo,"Amazing game, i love movie Alien 1 to 4."
76561198141505897,Recommended,214490,18183733,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,FRNDLY.BRGND,"What else can I say?Alien Isolation is one of the best games I've ever played BUT as some others have said before, the Alien's AI is slightly too strong with a tendency to unfairness. In addition, there are not enough save points which makes you your way for like ten minutes to get the tasks done. Most propably the alien kills you before you're done. This lets you end up doing the whole thing again and again, making it more and more frustratingPRO+ outstanding graphics+ great story with gripping atmosphere+ brilliant continuity to the ALIEN-brand: all the devices, rooms and characters stick to the retrofuturism both in vision and soundCON- tends to be unfair due to AI and less and less save points as the game continuesSUMMARYGraphics 10/10Story 9/10Gameplay 7/10Difficulty 10/10OVERALL7/10"
,Recommended,214490,12511267,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Stargrave,"It's annoyng and p.i.s.s.ing at the begin for whom is used to make aliens' head explode, but actually, i have to say it: i need to change my underwear!It's really scary once you're into this commercial station! This game isn't for whom wanna run and shoot!"
76561198041049726,Recommended,214490,18199764,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,MrEvosan,"This game... I can not even begin to describe...Murphy's Law Definitly applies to you, in every single turn, every room, every situation...10/10They should rename this gameAlien: Trollsolationbecause you get trolled the whole way"
,Recommended,214490,18089014,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Newbie,"Very Successfull sci-fi thriller game!Some workaround that need to be improved:1. Alien: Make more intimidating behaviour and set unpredictable moves of it.2. Environment: Make more realistic texture and lightings, the surrounding seem a bit ""rigid"". Can consider Open-World.3. Androids: Make more gesture fluids as in the movie.4. Gameplay: Can be use heavy weapon and eventually can fight the alien.The Pros: Good Graphics, Storyline and DLCThe Cons: predictable alien and boring after finish the game.Score: 4 of 5 Stars"
,Recommended,214490,18089886,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Frost,You are becoming hysterical.
76561198110404734,Recommended,214490,18095202,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dem Commies,K so it took me about 19 to 20 hours to do the main story line. And it was fun every minute of that 20 hours of gamplay. Nuff said... wait i take that back hey SEGA and CA can you make a predator game like this cuz that would be sick. ok now nuff said.
76561198014724776,Recommended,214490,18095332,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,JohnnySUPERSIZE,"B E L L I S S I M O !!!! finalmente un gioco che ti incolla allo schermo !!letteralmente ipnotizzante  e claustrofobico !da avere assolutamente ... ottimi anche i DLCinsomma emozionante e coinvolgente !Compratelo .. meglio se in offerta ma li vale tutti!!BEAUTIFUL !!!! Finally a game that glues you to the screen !!literally mesmerizing, claustrophobic!must-have ... also excellent DLCin short, exciting and addictive!Buy it .. preferably on offer but worth them all !!"
,Recommended,214490,18109188,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,PaladiN,"i'm not even kidding, those 0.2 hours i have on the game i was scared the whole time.in the beginning, i thought the alien was around, heard a noise in my house, i literally ran away from the pc.40/30 would run away again."
,Recommended,214490,18111822,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Paul Beenis,"Love the storey and gameplay, Not really jump scares but more of a haunting and slow scaryness"
,Recommended,214490,18330758,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,oxide,"This game reminded me a bit about Death Space when it was still good. It has about the same atmosphere, but without the guns. I haven't had this much fun in ages. Steel nerves required though."
,Recommended,214490,18333397,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,BurritoM8,Simply amazing
76561197969718739,Recommended,214490,18335946,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,charliethetall,"Really a great, memorable experience.  I was absolutely terrified the entire time.  I don't recommend it for those with heart conditions ;-)  It's true to the IP and it's clear that the dev pourd their heart and soul into creating this experience.  The first time the Alien killed me, it felt like I was waking up from a nightmare."
,Recommended,214490,14456236,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lt. General Longstreet,"You want to buy this game because of how scary and how much nostalgia there is. Not only is the Sevastopol look so much like the ship in the original movie, but the atmosphere is better. You don't know when the alien will be there or anyone. A lot of character development in the protagonist (Amanda Ripley). It just sucks how the cliffhanger end sets it up for a sequel, which isn't a bad thing it's just kind of money grabbing. Aliens aren't the only threat aboard the Sevastopol.8/10"
,Recommended,214490,17674001,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Otto der Große,4 choice for player :A.Hide under tableB.Hide under tableC.Hide under tableD.Get killed by Alien
,Recommended,214490,13530504,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lone Seeker 777,"This game, in my opinion, has truly succeeded in leaving me scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. On that note, I LOVE IT."
76561198165497945,Recommended,214490,17837387,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,avelarandy,EXCELLENT GAME VERY GOOD GRAPHICS INTENSE GAME PLAY. LOTS OF SUSPENSE
76561198003688160,Recommended,214490,17838919,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hobo B. Beggins,greatest game i have played sence fallout 3 and skyrim
,Recommended,214490,17824887,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Discount Bruce Willis,"click as fast as you can to get this game. This is a true onriginal and imerses you totally in a fight for your survival. The only way you would not enjoyt this game is if you can not stand the stealth genre in any way. I was once a fan of the genre but so many versions of metal gear had me sick up to the eyeballs of stealth. Untill this game came along. It is a stealth game but is also survival horror which is a really unique twist and the graphics are amazing. The elements of fight vs flight are very well balanced and never leave you bored, or at least not me. All of the elements of the game, be they the sparse moments where you have to shoot, or the simply hiding for you life as you try to devise a plan to get through this terrifying station, come together so well its mind blowing. Finnaly an alien game that makes up for every botched attempt to make a game with the aliens in it."
76561198170690134,Recommended,214490,17829842,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,RavenFall,"I spent 28 hours getting through the 14 hour campaign. was it worth it? EVERY MINUTE OF IT. The alien is horrifying, the plotline keeps you on your toes, and despite what people say, the backtracking, and drawn out story DID NOT seem t ome like it went on for too long. the game is gripping and fantastic, and despite having heard the second half of the game was unnecisary, It was the best part of the game. Facehuggers, Hiding from MULTIPLE aliens, and just plain crapping your pants from the twists and turns are what makes this game invigorating.if you think its not chalanging enough- dont pick up the flamethrower fuel. Itll kill you before you can use it anyway.10/10."
76561197987399453,Recommended,214490,17852507,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,The Terrible T-Bagger,Absolutely stunning!
,Recommended,214490,17688014,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SwagginsBaggins,"I played and beat this game on the PS4, and I loved it so much I had to buy it again for the PC. Please please disregard ANY negative reviews for this game.If you enjoy stealth and/or suspense, buy this game today. You will not regret it. I easily put 60 hours in this game on the PS4"
76561197961769122,Recommended,214490,17145239,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,スーパーゲーマー,so funny!
76561198060428292,Recommended,214490,17722922,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Moist Owlet,"Very nice, play the game now!"
76561198100513609,Recommended,214490,17651025,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,waffl3s,"i highley recommend this game to any one thats a fan of the movies. This game starts out intense and never lets up. Only problem i have with the game is the dlc which is all time base objectives (execpt for the alien movie ones) which i felt was a shame. I wished that it was an extended story in the eyes of someone else on station without being rusehed to get the objectives and go. The plus side of those DLC's tho were the fact it had a leaderboard feature to see how you and your friends compare to each other on missions. overall this game was great.  I'v played this game twice, first on normal and the second on hard. The game states that its recommended on hard and i would agree, only difference i found was the alien's difficulty which wasen't bad, just a more scary playthrough. The AI in this game was done very well and was fun to see how the alien was going to act each time i saw him. sometimes he would hide in the vents and wait for me to walk under, other times he droped down and kept close by waiting for me to make a wrong move. The game is intense beacuse behind every corner you may find a scared  person, freaky looking android or the star of the show, the alien. no matter who it is they all wont hesitate to kill you which makes you decide how you want to play, upfront and presonal, sneaky or a combaination. Overall this is the game fans of the franchise were looking for and to help clean our palates from the horrible disapointment that was colonial marines."
76561198011483539,Recommended,214490,17651416,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,"This game really let me down I was hoping for a ""true"" alien experiance which means alot of hiding and crawling no sound no light etc. but, it is much more relaxed hell you can even run from an alien and get away...As for being not as difficult as i would have hoped this game is truly the diamond in the turd of the aliens franchise."
,Recommended,214490,17652203,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Sanctus,"This game is all about atmosphere and I have to tell you, it succeeds. I've nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Twice."
76561197997875845,Recommended,214490,17242696,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ITS TAPE,"In a world where stealth games like Metal Gear Solid and Splinter Cell have become 3rd person shooters with overpowered enemies Alien: Isolation finally brings the stealth genre forward.  I knew I was in for an experience the first time I was pulled out of a locker (the cliched ""safe zone"" in stealth games) by a Xenomorph after foolishly thinking I could run into a room, with it in pursuit, and just wait it out in a locker until it left.  This game will challenge you, make you rethink stealth game conventions and has absolutely revolutionized the stealth genre by refining old tricks and putting forth new ones where developers were afraid to venture."
,Recommended,214490,17243251,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Doomguy,"Excellent stealth survival game with superbly tasteful horror elements, makes the overabundant try-hard ""horror"" games look downright juvenile by comparison. There's a mere handful of jump-scares, the rest is pure tension and vulnerability. Has some good variety and changes of pace along the way to keep the game enjoyable throughout the 18 hours. People who complain about the save system are filthy casuals who should stop reviewing; it's the game's greatest source of suspense and it wouldn't be the same without it.Fans of the Alien franchise should be pleased with how much the game nails the aesthetic. Graphics are great, as is the performance. Only encountered minor, irregular bugs.The sound effects are absolutely fantastic with their use of dynamic range.Highly recommended."
76561198025518041,Not Recommended,214490,17243494,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ClownShoes,"I like these kinds of games, but I found the AI of the human NPCs rather lacking. I never made it to a point where the Alien actually became a part of the gameplay because I got bored with the segments where I had to distract hostile humans in order to get past them to the next section.It doesn't help that the game crashes like crazy, even though my system meets the minimum requirements. I would return this game if it hadn't taken me three hours to realize its shortcomings (instead of Steam's return-policy maximum of 2 hours.)"
76561197991270784,Recommended,214490,17529353,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Lawltack,I was not a fan of the Horror genre in the slightest until I played this game. One of the best games I've ever played. 5/5
76561197971186055,Recommended,214490,17531085,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Studs von Beefenhog,"Best single player game I've played in years.  Overall presentation and atmosphere are superb.  The tension can be almost unbearable at times.  Pulls you right in and you might as well be in an Alien movie.  Those with ""MTV syndrome"" (no patience; twitchy reactions) will find themselves dead constantly.  Play on ""hard"" difficulty for maximum effect, play like Ripley's life actually means something (take your time and be smart) and you'll beat the game."
,Recommended,214490,17532265,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,simon_marklar,"Scariest game of hide and seek i've ever played.It gets a bit repetitive towards the end, but other than that this is the Alien game that fans of the movies will love. It felt just like when I first watched 'Alien' when I was a kid. Tense and scary. The ending left me stunned, I couldnt believe it.If you dont like stealth and are looking for an FPS, this probably wont be what you're looking for. If you are patient and can handle some frustrating moments, its great. It is frustrating replaying some scenes but for me that was because I got impatient and just ran. Dont run.the sound track is amazing."
,Recommended,214490,13784411,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,FoReVeR,"So far... it is very good, my kinda game really. I need to finish this beautiful thing."
76561198043995382,Recommended,214490,17568673,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dr. Krieger,"This is the definitive Alien experience.I don't get scared easily, but this is the scariest experience I've ever had, it trumps any film or video game you've played. Xenomorphs will mess your day up. The game is essentially your character (the daughter of the main protagonist of the Alien film on which this game is based) wandering around a massive space station that is in chaos. The Xenomorph your prime enemy, albeit not the only one. This game creates a constant sense of tension at times and features easily some of the best sound design in the business. It even replicates the ascetics of the original films, old-school sci-fi technology abounds.If recent film/video game endeavors from the Aliens franchise have disappointed you, allow me, as an avid Aliens fanboy, to state that this game is glorious. It is a stealth-based affair and you will spend a lot of time hiding in lockers and cupboards, constantly checking your motion sensor out of fear ofhim.I get nightmares sometimes from this game and I can't play it for more than an hour or two because of its effects on my nerves.I haven't finished it yet at the time of writing this review, but it is terrifying and the atmosphere is magnificent, and trust me, don't ever try to outrun the Xenomorph."
,Not Recommended,214490,17569937,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Arken,"Mediocore at best, annoying at worst."
76561197989782321,Recommended,214490,17574598,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Tom,Best singleplayer game ever made?
,Recommended,214490,17575575,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Bobthezombiedolphin,great game love the atmosphere and asthetic but can only do little parts ata time due to the fact that it is terrifying
,Recommended,214490,17554039,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dad,"Pretty good, but I see no real point in completing it..."
,Recommended,214490,17558219,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,aesqe,"At first I loved it. Then I hated it because I'd♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants every time the Alien would kill me. Then I loved it again after I got the flamethrower, and also got a bit better at hiding from the Alien.I do have more than a few complaints, but all in all, this is a great game. The story is _good_, I liked it. The voice acting is superb, the sound design in general is almost flawless, plus the music is spot on. And it's the best looking game I've ever played.Well done, Creative Assembly, I'm looking forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,214490,17585707,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PootLoops,This game was too damn long... but it made me longer.
,Recommended,214490,17589651,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ronald Villiers,This was the best 2014 Horror/Stealth game i have ever played the port was flawless the lighting effects are amazing story was great but it did drag on just a wee bit near the end other than that great game! :D I give this a 8/10.
76561198039768941,Recommended,214490,17592287,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Criggles,Awesome game. Scarey. As. %@&$! Good scarey though. The keep you coming back for more scarey.
,Recommended,214490,17592625,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DragonBugg,"Since failure after failure have plagued the alien series in the gaming world, I was hopeful but weary of this one... Let me just tell you, it is not only one of the most polished, well formulated, perfectly engineered canonical experiences in the series as a whole, but it's one of the most suspensful and genuinely dreadful horror games I've ever played. There's always a thing or two to complain about in any game, particularly horror games in my opinion, but this fits so perfectly into the universe of the Xenomorph that I can't get over how giddy it makes me to play it and actually feel the lingering dread that the first film made me feel, only I'm in control this time!I can not reccommend this game enough. If you're a fan of the series or just a fan of horror games in general, this is a perfect game for your collection. I got it on sale for about $12.50, but now that I've played it, it would have been worth the $50 they ask for it regularly. (As of now anyway.)"
76561197963080714,Recommended,214490,30515715,Posted: 14 March,all,Ohm Man,"Thrilling and terrifying, Alien Isolation brings the best of puzzling obstacles to terrifying AI presence (both xenomorph and androids). The game has a great ambience with music scores that remind you of the 1979 prodigy film and really brings out the terrifying experience that is being alone and hunted on a VERY large ship.Excellent replay value and DLC as well."
76561197980312757,Recommended,214490,17668807,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,pop_tarts_good,I had a heart attack. 10/10
76561198069997393,Recommended,214490,17669304,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Red Baron 03,Scary game. Try playing with the lights off in the basement of your home!
76561198131582650,Recommended,214490,17675435,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,matthias.jentsch,"Hello,over all a great experience. I experienced the most terrifing moments i ever have in a videogame. And it is at least ten times more thrilling than any Alien movie. The game is by no means perfect as you might have heard from other sources but:If you are the type who puts every game on ""very hard"" difficulty right from the beginning. Therefore have a high frustration tolerance and get great joy out of achiving after a hard struggle.If you like the alien franchise because of the adrenaline rush you get from being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (while safely sittingyour sofa).Well, then you will simply be satisfied with this game."
76561197996610043,Recommended,214490,17676463,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Grimm Nam rooD,What are you doing reading this?Get this game!9/10
,Recommended,214490,17676534,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,talion,.
,Recommended,214490,17769751,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DoodleBob,"I love this game, however its that ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying I'm to scared to play it. Thanks for screwing me over SEGA"
,Recommended,214490,17777370,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TwiRaptor97,After all the playtime i put into this game to complete it i must say i am very satisfied with the game i purchased. Alien Isolation is a game where you must hide and fight to servive. With great graphics (Even on lowest settings) the game takes you into the world of life with a xenomorph infestation involved.The gameplay is really fun and the mission really clever and well put together. Of course i was running it on the lowest settings but i still enjoyed the hell out of this game. I highly suggest this game to anybody who loves Scify or Xenomorphs in general
76561198238929510,Recommended,214490,17766236,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,titusfirero,"Pretty intense, has a lot of scary parts and if you play on harder settings it's really nerve racking. Be my friend, I don't want to be alone anymore.......on steam."
76561197980847728,Recommended,214490,17767032,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,rambuntan,"A true masterpiece, I didn't want it to end.  So much so, in fact, that I stretched a 20 hour game out to 40 just so I could savor it a little longer.  Bravo Creative Assembly, bravo."
76561198081910410,Recommended,214490,15773236,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,NightHawk2611,"imagine the most terrifying horror film you have ever watch, you know the one that you watched in a dark room alone in the dead of night and after you watched it you had to check round corners and turn lights on to go to bed and couldnt sleep because of all the bumps and pipes creaking, well put an alien xenomorph in it and make it interactive.Before playing make sure you dont have any heart conditions, i found the best way to play is in a room with a locked door so no one can sneak up on you with lights dimmed (or no lights) with extremely immersive head phones so you can get the full range of bangs, clangs and xenomorphs running through pipes above and below"
76561198007705574,Recommended,214490,15627981,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Leandro,"My analisis is based on a HARD difficulty. There are several PROs and little CONS:PROs:* Superb Sounds and Graphics: Very polished and optimized I've got a R9280X and after some tweaking, got to play at 45+ FPS with ULTRA Graphices. And Believe me, they're really good* Great Atmosphere: It perfectly catches the ALIEN (first one) 80s setting. Green monitors, the keystrokes of the keyboard, even the Characters. Also lights and darkness are great.* Fear: You always are at a disadvantage and you feel like prey all the time. The alien is an always present figure, either if you see it or not.* Story and Character: The story is really good, it picks up some in between Alien and Aliens. Amanda is very like his mom, a really strong character, but more in a Lara Croft 2013 tomb raider.CONs:* Length and backtrack: At some point of the game if you want to get the achievements and stuff, you got to do a LOT of backtrack. And I mean A LOT (2+ hours) which can be frustrating on several locations with the Alien lurking around.* Difficulty: At some points you are way over your head and it depends mostly on luck that anything else. There are only a few, but can be daunting.If you like a true survival horror experience, a character you care about and to scare the s..t out of you, go for it, without hesitation. But be prepare for a challenge. If you are more of a FPS player (or faint of heart!) try anywhere else9/10 it way raises the bar on the Alien franchise"
76561197995707284,Recommended,214490,15628661,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Scum,Just finished it.  5 star.  Play alone and in the dark with surround sound.
,Recommended,214490,15629596,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Via Coma (Quest For Happiness),"This game gives me so much anxiety (especially in the Oculus DK2) that I can't play it anymore. The atmosphere is terrifying and so accurately depicts the world as the film that it feels as though you are in the movie. Fantastic game, if you have the cajones to play it."
76561198060963723,Recommended,214490,15632326,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ThunDer,it is good
,Recommended,214490,15759365,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,END TIMES REPENT NOW,To be played in the dark with headphones on.The leather seat wipes down best.In space no-one can hear your squeeky bum.10/10
,Recommended,214490,15819960,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,21 Sausage,"Alien Isolation is a dark, old school alien game designed with the 1979 movie in mind. Heart pounding moments await you at every turn where simple decisions such as which hallway you walk through could mean the difference between life and death on Sevastopol station. This is my favorite game of 2014, and my undisputed pick for Game of the Year, with Dying Light coming at a close, but not-so-close second. 9999999/10"
76561197992351513,Recommended,214490,15823813,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Gursen Braslald,Great game.
,Recommended,214490,15824390,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Decept404,A fantastic Alien experience. The production design is just masterclass. Some minor pacing issues (it's a really long game) don't retract from one of the tensest stealth games I've played.
,Recommended,214490,16012177,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SalMon ❤,"It's absolutely a great horrible game.It's terrified deep inside your heart but not the characteristic of the alien.Fun to hide and alien is smart than you thought. You never know when it appears.Fantastic game environment and details. everytime I started playing the game I need to hold my breath,"
,Recommended,214490,30506632,Posted: 14 March,all,The Shekel Collector 9000,Did me a spook.Pros:GraphicsStoryAlienCons:Really confusing waypoint systemScore 8/10 Play it at night
76561198000016898,Recommended,214490,15972039,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lupine Joe,"This game is terrifying. At the time of writing I have only played it for two hours and already it is one of the most atmospheric games I have ever played if not the most.The sound design is a masterpiece. It's realistic and it's constantly threatening. The game's wouldn't be half as atmospheric without it. Play it with a high quality pair of stereo headphones for the best experiance.If you like horror games, or are an Alien fan, you absolutely have to play this.Interestingly I get a System Shock 2 vibe from the game so if you enjoyed that classic it's another reason to play this.If you don't like horror games though DO NOT play this. You will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself, scream and cry, and it will be humiliating."
,Recommended,214490,16141824,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,captain_friday,"What I remember the most of the Ridley Scott movies is how they made me feel: Alone with in space with Ripley, the isolation of space, the immediate turning of events, the despiration,  a curiosity and fear of the Alien and that human greed is the parasite that kills all. Alien: Isolation allows us not only to relive the first time we met Ripley and the Alien, it allows us to live in the rich and terrifying world of The Company and Colonial Space. Story and gameplay are vitally important in any game, but it is a rare thing that gameplay takes not just a backseat to story at times, but literally has you hiding in the trunk of the car. Once you get the guts and backbone to get back in the game, a dynamic and well constructed game design is waiting to make you the hero.This game is well worth getting. I personally made three stabs at playing it before I got fully into it. Here's why: The first time, I was so apprehensive of being caught by the Alien that I had to stop playing for a bit. The second time I was for the same reason, until I shot the Alien. Bad idea. I then decided that I was going to get  caught and should enjoy it. After a scream and a big smile, I met my fears and have learned to survive on the Sevasopol. Looking back, the amount of anxiety generated by brilliant game design and masterful verisimilitude of one of the best Sci Fi franchises, only goes to prove Alien: Isolation is one of the best Servival Horror games made, ever."
,Recommended,214490,16223750,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Desall,I could tell this game was well done from the start but having played through it now CA nailed the feel of the original Alien film. Sound design is amazing and kept me freaked out. I've heard people complain about downtime and backtracking but I didn't experience that much. The downtime was a good way for me to not worry about the alien all the time. Plus it's way cool to take in the sights during these times. WTB more games this good.
,Recommended,214490,15894688,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ThatSomeGaming,10/10 Would buy underwear in bulk again.
76561198018733967,Recommended,214490,15895282,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,FrostByte,they friggin nailed it. good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214490,15901089,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Charter,"Alien: Isolation is a tremendously well done rendition on the movies. Personally I am not a fan of horror games, but when I first played this I just fell in love with it. This game is has the ambient terror that an abandon space station should have and with that comes some very psychological and suspense horror rather than just random jump scares. Plus, who doesn't want to go to space?"
76561198005720696,Recommended,214490,15753047,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ED 5,The game the Alien series has always needed. Very good and VERY scary.
76561198054079384,Recommended,214490,15589093,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nanners,"I hid in lockers all over a space station...in space!UPDATEAwesome game! Im a huge fan of the series and was excited when i saw that they finally made a game to go along with the movies... after playing the game all the way through, i can safely say you wont be disappointed, its everything you could hope for in a game to do with the ""Alien""series... Fighting for your life in space is never easy!"
76561198080345074,Recommended,214490,15958263,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DontGoJohnson,"Barely started playing this game and I love it. The scenery, the atmosphere, the soundtrack, the art direction, the attention to detail, the gameplay, and the fan-service to Alien lovers all make this game one of the best I've played recently. First off, the game is terrifying. In the limited play time I've experienced I've legitimately feared going down certain corridors or entering certain rooms just because of the unknown of what was waiting for me there; not to mention the sounds in the game are brilliant at putting you on edge from the get-go. There is one incessant beeping-noise of some space gizmo which is so subtle some might completely tune it out, but for me it totally makes me anxious!If you love the Alien movies (or at least the world they have created) you NEED to play this game. If you love horror and freaking yourself the f*ck out then you NEED to play this game.Can't wait to delve deeper into this game!9/10 for me (subject to change the more I play it)Tip: For extra satisfaction, play on best settings, with your lights off, and a quality set of noise cancelling headphones."
,Recommended,214490,19952532,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,thatmemelovingfuck,I beat it!! :) The music is terrifying and the androids in burning hazmat suits are even more terrifying. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,214490,19952954,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,skin cancer man >:),MY PANTS ARE SO SOGGY
,Not Recommended,214490,19948616,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,PB4000,"I honestly did not enjoy this game. After over an hour into the campaign, I wasn't scared in the slightest. When I tried the survival gamemode, the alien was always right in fornt of the door, forcing me to use my flamethrower immediatly every time. Getting a refund and will spend my money on soma."
,Recommended,214490,19948619,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Myron,Hide and Seek: The Game (which you just lost)5/7 will get eaten again.
76561197993865643,Recommended,214490,19955622,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,PingPongPaddle,All I can say is WOW! Great game! Very intense all the way through. Massive. Would recommend to anyone.
76561198049862568,Recommended,214490,19955882,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,JO1763,This game was amazing! Scared the pants off me the whole time while keeping a good pace.
,Recommended,214490,19857144,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ESL.shady-,PEPA!
76561198125250022,Recommended,214490,19859370,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,jimmythefoot,I got board with this one. It is a sneaky stealth game. If your into that you may very well love this game. It does add suspense. Graphics are good and you can even touch them up a little bit with a few mods out there. Music is perfect for this game. Very creepy and gets your blood pumping. I am not a stealthy game type but this is a really good stealth game I would say.
76561198037296549,Recommended,214490,20002612,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DayZ,best alien game ever..beter than outlast or other genre
,Recommended,214490,20019141,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Scorey,"Genuinely scary. This game stands alone among modern games, making you feel powerless and immersed in the world instead of powerful and above it."
,Recommended,214490,20031840,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[DM] !mpaler,"Incredibly atmospheric and tense! Stunning visuals and enganging story (although rather familiar if you've seen the movies). Overall rating 9.5/10, brought down by small control discrepancies.I am sure lots of inspiration was taken from System Shock 2, which is always good."
76561197964547666,Recommended,214490,20031298,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Its Catzilla!,this game is beautifully done. definitely want to turn the lights off and play this with headphones. 2 hours into the game and I'm super glad I made this purchase
76561197974318149,Recommended,214490,19339167,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,mneedes,"This is a good stealth horror game, but I will admit this game can be tough to play.  This is for a couple reasons.  First, the Alien is pretty terrifying and the negative sanctions for getting caught are pretty nasty.   It can also be a very difficult at times, so you might consider turning down the difficulty level.Eventually I steeled myself and finished the game.  I have a love/hate relationship with it.  Perhaps it builds character?"
76561198000697779,Recommended,214490,20236439,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,theresabeaninthere,"This is a great way to feel what it's like to be so scared you hide in a closet..Actually of the 7 hours I've played this game, I have honestly spent more than half hidden in a closet, unsure of when to come out.It's friggin scary and tense, almost too much so. Highly rated."
76561198118299176,Recommended,214490,20238742,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,bearrington,"An amazing game for fans of the Alien series (especially the first). This is the game that I have been waiting a long time for. All the aesthetics and atmosphere of Ridley Scott and Giger. If you are even the least bit interested in this, just pick it up."
76561198136322130,Recommended,214490,20254495,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mr Leaf,I died 112 times.
,Recommended,214490,20270986,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,+1,"A real JUMPSCARE, enjoyed the game a lot!"
,Recommended,214490,20271874,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mikedzines,"Alien Isolation is a great survival horror game that is beautifully designed. Every single little screen,knob and button has been faithfully recreated with amazing detail. The space station you explore during the game gives you the same awe and wonder that you may experience in Bioshock. The particle effects range from little sparks, to embers to, oxygen pumping into a rooms -- it's all really well done.In terms of gameplay, it moves quite slowly. Depending on what difficulty you play on, there will be more severe concequences for being detected by an enemy. Enemies include hostile humans, synths, aliens and face huggers. The game relies on saving stations that are very random in placement -- sometimes they are close to another sometimes they are far apart. When they are far though, you get this massive sense of relief from saving.You'll also be relieved to know that you can kill most of these enemies with a hit of your trusty wrench. The alien, however is invincible and will stalk you throughout most of the game. You'll have to hide from it in a variety of vents, closets, cabinets and even under desks and tables.After 15 hours in those vents playing hide-and-go-seek with the alien for FAR too long, I was ready to put the game down but I felt this obligation to finish the story and save the character I was playing as from this nightmare.I'd pick it up while it's on sale. It's definitely worth it just to experience the beautifully crafted environment and for some good scares."
,Recommended,214490,20271960,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kettch,"This is a fantastic game top to bottom. The story ties together with the Alien universe well from what I know of it. The graphics are great, the environments are engaging and feel like real people might live and work (and die in massive and horrendous numbers) there. The attention to detail in making the environments realistic is top notch.In addition to the level design the 5.1+ audio work is stellar and is really what takes the experience completely over the top and makes it truly the single most terrifying experiences with a game that I have ever had. Other survival/horror games like Amnesia that are generally thought of as the gold standard for freaking people out haven't even fazed me but this game legitimately made me feel fear and a level of terror that was incredible for a game. Once everything starts hitting the fan my heart rate was through the roof nonstop and I was literally on the edge of my seat the entire time.I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,214490,20273864,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Alexツ,scream simulator
76561197977069906,Recommended,214490,16644449,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,Crashed as soon as the game started because I didn't read the minimum system requirements.  10/10 would watch opening cutscene again.
76561198054435163,Recommended,214490,13844872,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ItsYourFuneral,Awesome
,Recommended,214490,13846374,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,A Turtle's Dream(In Outer Space),"I'm not a huge fan of the horror/survival genre, but this is by far the best horror/survival game I've played.  The Dead Space series only wishes it had the atmosphere and intensity that his game has.  Though it must be said that this game is more ""hide & seek"" (well, mostly just the ""hide"" part) than it is ""run & gun"".  If you like your horror games with more action and gunplay, then you should probably just check out Dead Space...Alien: Isolation will rarely have you using guns.  I was probably about 3 hours in before I fired a single shot.  Don't let that fool you though, this game is intense!  The design of the environments will draw you into the world thanks to the excellent graphics and superb sound design (do yourself a favor and only play this with headphones on).  The A.I. is fantastic and greatly adds to the experience, though the enemy types are somewhat limited, the lack of variation does not detract from the overall experience.  My only complaint is that some sections are pretty difficult, and will likely require multiple tries to complete but the game only allows saving by checkpoints, so sometimes you have to repeat an easy or tedious section just to get back to the difficult part.  However, any other save system would detract from the overall experience if one could just constantly save the game.If you like horror/survival this game is a must-buy!"
76561198088920358,Recommended,214490,13720489,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,The11th,"So I love the game so far but my only problem with it is that on the mission called outbreak where the player has to escape San Cristobal through a burning lobby area with a ladder in the middle. It says to press the E key but as I do it never lets me get more than a quater of the way through the loading circle thing. I have tryed doing it fast, slow and about medium speed while hitting the button. Any help would be nice."
,Recommended,214490,13961459,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,fOXdIE,"So I just finished the campaign and my thoughts are as follows;Great storyline, keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time.Fantastic gameplay! The controls are smooth, the game mechanics are straightforward, and the tense-stealth aspect is great.Graphics are phenomenal.The only negative thing I'd have to say is that the map system is frustratingly misleading. There are lines in corridors and hallways where there shouldn't be, making you think it's a dead-end but it's really not.I would totally recommend this game, even at full price of $59.99 I would still buy it all day long!"
,Recommended,214490,14082325,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,iNasser,"I watched the movies after playing the game and I can say that, the game is much better in my opinion. If you love the Alien movies or at least into Space games or stealth never hastaite and play it."
,Recommended,214490,14072709,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Boriz & Breadfan,Absolutely yes! One of the best horror games out there and it's very faithfull to the original Alien movie.
76561198112918692,Recommended,214490,12507378,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ArmedHyde,"So what's the first thing that pops into my mind when I think of Alien Isolation ?IT'S ABOUT DAMN TIME!!We finally get a decent Alien game which doesn't disappoint and is fairly fun to  play from beginning to end. Specially after last years fiasco which was Aliens Colonial Marines. Alien Isolation is definitely a thrill from the start, but their are some flaws which keep this game becoming Game of the Year. On paper the mechanics of crawling through ducts  and hiding in lockers from the terrifying alien which Riply Scott gave us  sounds like a perfect idea, but in turn this is its own demise. What I mean by that is that  after the 10+ hours you've put into the game hiding in lockers or under tables it feels like you're being held hostage, especially when the alien seems to only want to come after you rather the rest of the poplation on the station or even the sinthetics. The other issue I had with the game was that after evading  the xenomorph for about 30 minutes or even an hour the damn thing would kill me without reason, which is quite irritating when you didn't get the chance to save because the alien was hot on your♥♥♥♥♥In conclusion this a fantastic Alien game not the best but it does an excellent job at scaring the crap out of you. Personally I could of seen this becoming a really good Alien movie."
,Recommended,214490,14077162,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,UnrealistiKDeath,"True to the original movie, terrifying and authentic. If you play one game this year, make it Alien Isolation."
76561197973375240,Recommended,214490,14077349,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Xav.,"Played like 10 hours of this game just doing things the way i like to in a game, slow paced enjoying the actual story and getting everything out of it. At first it was very ♥♥♥♥ing scary, even does have scary parts from the point i'm up to, now its gone to the point where its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because of how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the hiding in locker/boxes mechanic works. Not for spoilers, but if anyone understands where the point where you gotta get a trauma kit, and then leave the medical place, it's just the same b s over and over again, creeping and hiding, creeping and hiding, i did about 25 mins of gameplay until i was  killed (oh typically in a locker, never aggravating the alien) as i did not find a save point...Overall this game is definitely awesome, but its gone to the point where i should name it Alien : Frustration"
76561198080675234,Recommended,214490,14150454,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,JohnnyFocus,"By far the scariest, heart pounding game play I have experienced.Turn down the lights and turn up the sound!I highly recommend playing this game. You'll not be disapointed."
,Recommended,214490,14135703,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,(o_o),"I have loudly and enthusiastically encouraged every gamer I know to purchase this game. The atmosphere is thick and engrossing, the primary voice acting is spot-on, the tie-ins with the original movie are gratifying and appropriate, the challenge level is just right, there's really not much to criticize!I was a little disappointed that the scripted sequences taper off around the middle of the experience and don't return until the last few missions.  This results in mid-game encounters being relatively predictable and therefore less terrifying or novel.  I'm also not a fan of quick-time events (press 'E' to not die), but a skilled playthrough results in only a few such events.  That said, the consistent insertion of unique environments keeps the game fresh throughout, and the tension never fades completely."
,Recommended,214490,14136147,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Thenavidude,I can't even explain how much I love this game.  But I will say something.  This is when IGN tells you not to play a game and you play it anyways.  (Starting to be a pretty awesome cliche)
,Not Recommended,214490,14136283,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,friedonionjuice,"This game is wonderful!!!.... except..while this game is very interesting, immersive, scary and has an ai that delivers, it ultimately becomes a montonous trudge as you try to outsmart the alien the same way only in diffrent rooms. Maybe if the rooms delivered more diversity it might have been more interesting. Also i would like to add that the synthetics where an unessissary addition that become more of an annoyance then anything. The sad thing is the begining where the alien isnt even in the game yet is the scariest bit and really just goes downhill from there. The random instakill on anything above easy is also frustrtating and can make you rage for hours, especially when your only a couple feet from the save point. Really i think they did alot of work on it but it just didnt become enjoyable to play."
76561198000507762,Recommended,214490,14138447,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Professor Probability,"The alien universe has had many developements over the years, including the many sequels to the original horror film as well as the many AVP spinoffs. However in my opinion, none has yet matched the original, claustrophobic, and truly terrifying spirit embodied by Alien. This game has taken that spirit to heart in nearly every way, reproducing the smallest details of the original film, but also changing them in the best and most subtle ways to accomodate the change in medium. There is little to explain about the mechanics of the game, other than the simple fact that you are trapped aboard a star freighter similar in design to the Nostromo with the Alien, a motion tracker, and a set of gadgets that ultimately become useless against your biggest threat as it actively learns how you play. This game has all the suspense and atmosphere of Amnesia, fast paced action and thrill of Outlast, and the amazing sci-fi soul that only the alien universe can provide. I promise that if you are a fan of the original film, this game will not disappoint you, and that you will likely die more than once while admiring the detail and atmosphere. But make no mistake, this is a horror game in the spirit of the original film... if you have no desire to feel like a member of the crew of the Nostromo as they are hunted down one by one by an invincible and deadly predator, you had better go with another game."
76561198006548650,Recommended,214490,12481735,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Viking,Decided not to leave the locker ..Would stay hidden in locker again .. 10/10
76561198040972927,Recommended,214490,14126958,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,LowPolyFreak,Amnesia: the dark descent in space.A blast to any horror and/or the original Alien fan.
76561198021487969,Recommended,214490,14129653,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Randomosity,"Remember those old days of huddling in the dark, jumping at every sound, and hoping that you won't be seen? Well, for all those old-school survival horror fans, this is the game for you. This is an Alien game actually done right by making you feel like you're in one of the movies. The creators of this game wanted to recreate the same experience that Ridley Scott did and they succeeded.There aren't many games now that gives you that sense of vulnerability, but with Isolation, instead of running in with guns blazing, you're more likely to be hiding under a table, listening to the increasing pitch of the motion sensor.  Nowhere is safe and you have to be wary of your surroundings. Go under a vent and you'll get ambushed. Hide in a locker for too long and the Alien will hear your stifled breathing. Even when you wander through a vent, you might find yourself face-to-face with an unexpected visitor.Yes, the Alien is relatively smart, though it sometimes lingers for too long. But unlike other AI, it gradually starts to learn from your behavior. So while a noise maker might distract it a few times, eventually it's going to try to find the source of the sound. If doors are opened and objects are moved, it's going to notice it.While the constant button-pressing from opening doors and restarting systems does get tedious, overall, this is a immersing, terrifying experience that finally stays true to the original Alien movies."
76561198028466753,Recommended,214490,14148962,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,1andonlyWeaver,"From the beginning, you instantly get a rush of nostalgia as every minute and intricate detail of the game's atmosphere brings flashbacks to Ridley Scott's original Alien film.  From the iconic spacewalk suit that is seen in the original film to the signs that mark every bulkhead door, every aspect of this game pays homage to the sci-fi classic that is Alien.  Alien: Isolation also brings with it a compelling narrative that kept me intrigued from start to finish.  Playing as Ellen Ripley's daughter, you feel like you're a legitimate part of this incretible, dark, dystopian future while still avoiding making major changes to the lore of the saga.Alien: Isolation also fulfulls its inherent promise of making you feel truly alone.  The recently decomissioned Sevastopol Station is the perfect setting for such a dark and gritty game.  While the station is far from empty, few people are on your side and there's a constant sence of uneasyness that plagues every second of the story.  Don't misinterpret, this is a very good thing as it allows the game to further exasorbate the horror that it portrays.The AI in the game also adds a refreshing change to the survival horror genre that works perfectly with the Alien universe.  The use of AI adds unpredictability and replayability that not a lot of horror games can boast.  Most horror games rely on the use of scripted sequences to promote jump scares.  And while this game isn't devoid of those moments, the game instead relies on a feeling of helplessness and genuine suspence that cannot be created by any scripted event.Perhaps my only complaint about the game is the slight deviation from the feel of the original Alien movie.  I won't give away any spoilers, but about 3/4 of the way through the game, there seems to be a little more James Cameron than Riddley Scott in the game's atmosphere.  Still, this is a minor complaint as the game really does rely on this to propell the story foreward and continue the motif that is inherent in the Alien universe: everything keeps going wrong...While you'll hear many complain about the story's length and repeditiveness, the majority of those complaints come from paid critiques who recieve the game for free and don't truly appreciate the premise of getting the bang for your buck.  This game does exactly that.  Sure, while the idea of hiding and evading does sustain throughout the entire campaign, that doesn't make it repetitive.  The environments are ever changing and the enemies are everywhere and dynamic.All in all, I believe this game is what any Alien fan deserves to experience to put themselves in this universe.  I only hope that the commercial success is enough to sustain the saga and provide us with an Alien: Isolation sequel."
76561197998536009,Recommended,214490,13399812,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,kurogane,a nice pace change from most of there games a nice stealth and crafting system to it and its pritty long but not scarry
76561198112847028,Recommended,214490,17117811,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ghengis Khan,I never nope'd so hard in my life
76561198044288742,Recommended,214490,17101911,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,The Dude Liam,Heart Attack Simulator - Best of it's kind
76561198089563730,Recommended,214490,17118388,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,goldnkid94,"Where do i start? 15 minutes in and my heart is ready to JUMP! Im not a huge fanatic, but my mother was a huge fan. Without her i would know nothing of aliens and predators. Thank god for her. I grew a strong  liking to requiem and avp, the newer versions. My mom loved aliens so much. That was long ago and now? 2014? Its amazing this outstanding sci-fi idea has not died. Not only is the game great, the continued story is just enthraling. Young ripley looking for her mother? Just a lost for words. Of course, you have to be a fan and understand all of the movies (i know of them all but have only seen most of them) to get my review. It has been long since there has been talk of alien or predator. This game is a continuation of this sci fi flick. ITS BEAUTIFUL. I cant get pass a door without fear running thru me. This game is F****** sick. that is all. oh and thanks to Jonanthan Court and Oli Smith for making dreams come true ! And sega of course. AMAZING GAME. ive only played 30 minutes so far and have not met the alien but oh man i cant WAIT!!!!!! THANK YOU."
76561198105250990,Recommended,214490,17119343,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SexualJohnMadden,"This game is so scary that when the alien jumped out I ♥♥♥♥ing did a pewdipie style jumpscare jump out of my seat. The game is so scary though that for the first time ever was a real, deserved reaction to the content. This game is legitimately to spooky to play at points. 10/10 would get high blood pressure again."
76561198049336226,Recommended,214490,17119631,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Veganomicon,"Writing this pretty long after I had completed it, however, it was such that I knew I had to write it sometime and it might as well be now.I should start off by saying I did NOT play this game when it came out. I didn't really even pay attention to it. I'm a pretty big fan of the Alien franchise (specifically the first two films--the others NEVER HAPPENED-LA-LA-LA-LA.) and needless to say, most of what has evolved from it has been garbage. Why would this be any different? When it finally went on sale for about $6.00, I figured, what the hell...I am SO GLAD that I was SO WRONG.This game is simply TERRIFYING. Seriously. I've never been so absorbed in the atmosphere of a videogame as I have with this. Fans of Alien will not be disappointed in the slightest. Those who haven't seen the films, this is a great way to get introduced to the universe. Play this with the lights out and the volume up and you will likely have a panic attack. I feel like this game probably gave me high blood pressure.A few things to note:You have to play this on the hardest difficulty. It is incredibly frustrating but all the more rewarding when you move forward. As such, you will die. A lot. This is pretty much unavoidable as you get used to the rules of the game. I hope you're a glutton for punishment.Speaking of mechanics--while I'm absolutely impressed by the way the Alien (and all of the NPCs, really) is handled in this game, there is a predictable pattern to their behavior that eventually becomes apparent (when you're not dealing with a heart-pounding, scripted event). This means that there are certain things that will and won't attract the attention of a certain, menacing space lobster and once you realize what those are, it may unfortunately break your immersion a little (but luckily, not much).Did I mention the atmosphere? Because it's brilliant. Every detail of the environment is spot on. The audio and visual effects are basically perfect. Seriously, if you are a fan of the films, you will GEEK OUT at basically everything. I couldn't have asked for more.Finally, our sister from another mister, Amanda, is everything you could want in a protagonist. I was pretty skeptical that anything or anyone could ever come close to being as badass as Ellen Ripley, but they've somehow managed to do the impossible. Everything she does works within the context of her character, even down to the cadence of her voice. If you're a fan of female protagonists done RIGHT (which, as we all know, doesn't happen often enough in this industry), you will be pleasantly surprised.I'm the last person who would want to oversaturate the world with more Alien products, but if this developer came up with something new, I'd buy it in a heartbeat.This game ROCKS. Period. Mic-drop."
76561198044554835,Recommended,214490,17120857,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,fully_badgomatic,"Hands down the best Aliens franchise game to date.  The level of detail used to recreate the original feel from Alien is incredible, the story and immersion get an A+ from me."
,Recommended,214490,17122797,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,misofury,Fantastic experience - an enjoyably fleshed out story and set of characters and thrillingly engaging atmosphere.
,Recommended,214490,17125009,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Perpetual,"Alien IsolationShort:Alien Isolation offers more than 14 steady, smooth, terrifying hours. The game unloads slowly and it does it with surgical precision. Nothing is rushed. Which surprised me greatly. Also they really wanted to make scary game. In the same vein as older titles as System Shock 2 and newer horror classics such as Amnesia. But having much bigger budged and the time they needed, the team behind Alien Isolation created something the industry itself declared dead, on numerous occasions.Long: :I finished it in one sitting. And it is technical spectacle. It is sad thing when you have to specify something like that – but the game is smooth, optimized to perfection and has no bugs or glitches. Throughout the whole thing I got ONCE a floating revolver in the air. That’s it. There were no crashes, no freezes, no frame rate drops, no nothing. My machine is built around AMD processor and AMD graphic card (as is the game itself) but I don’t see how any, intel/nvidia/or any strange combination of components, players would have any problems. This thing is solid.Art/Lighting:Let’s start with the most obvious. The visuals are incredible authentic and synced with the look of the original Alien movie. The details are mindboggling. This year we have another game that might honor its movie license (Mad Max) and I can only hope they spent so much time as the team of Alien Isolation creating their world. This is more faithful to the franchise than most of the movies. From the distorted logos in the beginning to the last scene this is the Alien game fans have been wanting and waiting for for so many years. They even sent you to a relatively long stretch on the planet from the movie.The lighting is pretty much the unsung hero of this product. Not only it creates the atmosphere it just looks natural. It feels like real light coming from lamps. Computer screens, alarm lights, flickering lamps, electricity, fire, the burning star outside the station, the soft interior lighting in the living rooms. Also rays going through mist and smoke (also greatly done). Just amazing. Which leads to…Atmosphere:You are in space. And you know it. Isolated and you hate it. You are in this space station and you believe it with your whole body. People say to play it with oculus rift, in the dark, with head phones and all this. NO. You don’t need to. The game is so immersive because of its thick atmosphere you will be drowning in it even if you play it on calculator, during the day with brutal glare on the screen. The only problem is there are no reflections. Most obvious with the helmets. You can see the whole room behind you but Amanda’s face is nowhere to be found when she is looking directly into it.Animation:People don’t walk in games. They can fight and it will look great but force them to walk or sprint and watch the joint carnage. You have the occasional sliding character but most of the human animations here are superb. Impressive motion capture of the bodies. Sadly the eyes and mouths have got the short straw. The uncanny face is great for the android character, the rest… Let’s say it is best they left the face to face interactions to the bare minimum. There is the biggest damage. Sadly you don’t see Ripley’s whole body, except when she is impaled from the back, but at least her feet and legs up to her knees are there, so you don’t feel like floating around.But the star is the Alien. The most work it seems went there and it shows. I mean, he does walk a little bit like Jurassic Park’s raptor, but it fits. The way he slides from the ceiling, or jumps back up. His movement during kill animations and overall presence scream danger and death. You want that from a top class predator and he doesn’t disappoint. And, as we have seen before, it could have been so easy to make him look funny. They didn’t. They made him menacing.Gameplay:From the way the camera shakes when you walk or run, through the hacking games, to the gunplay, to the way you open doors, everything feels natural and has weight. Walking is such a basic idea but just like the animation it is easy to mess it up. The way you move is crucial and if it is done right no one pays attention but ruin it and you will hear about it. And I wanted to give props for doing great job. But you have to remember you are not a soldier or trained martial artist. Amanda is regular mechanic. She goes to a place and fix something. You know, what Dead Space was supposed to be doing but quickly turned into schlocky gore fest. Just operating with the tools that Amanda has and entering computers is great fun. Next to that you hide and evade. It was strange to have no real visibility indicator, since you can’t really rely on the motion tracker. The enemies can hear it. But it was done in much more realistic and cool way. As in real life you won’t watch a bar to see if someone has spotted you or not. So you might be in a dark corner but you are not in pitch black spot. It is reasonable to believe that the person, or alien, or robot staring right into that corner would see you. Which made the game even tenser.The shooting, for your sake don’t overuse it, is great. The revolver and the shotgun, especially, both have that Phat heavy kick. And I guess on easy you can play with them much more. But on harder difficulty they create more problems than they solve and also ammo is really scarce.Lastly the hacking games. I love them. Plain and simple. Great fun, intuitive and you always have your back exposed during them. You have to be fast, precise and do any sort of hack (or unlocking a door) when you are something like 90% sure there is nothing behind you.Sound:Music is perfect. And… yeah… perfect.The sound effects are great. They are the final component that the atmosphere needs and they deliver. Everything has a character. The buzz of the ship and its alarms are unnerving while locks, doors and panels have that satisfying click that even Borderlands 2 can struggle to get. The quiet soft footsteps of Ripley can get, in your head, deafening when she is creeping in the dark and the sound of her feet hitting metal floor is going alongside with the Alien’s stomps. The screams, the explosions, the static quality of the dialogue when delivered through microphones. And applause for the way they handled the outer space portions. Mix between no sound and muffled sounds in the helmet, broken by the breaths of Amanda.Story:Have you watched Alien? Everyday people, big corporation and interests, marginalizing human life, aliens in the vents. You know the story. The dialogue is normal and plausible. Like extracted from everyday life. And the characters are great and memorable. They look, act and talk like real people. Which leads to the actors themselves. This is what you say top class. Even minor characters, even logs in computers have great delivery. But Amanda takes the cake. The actress behind her gives everything that she has to bring humanity to the voice behind the camera. This is not the typical female character that looks like a super model but can bench press 200kg. She is human first. A daughter looking for her mother. That’s it. And just like her she is thrown in impossible situation where she can either stand in one place and die, or try and save herself and whoever she can. Her voice is so full of emotion and so rich you forget about yourself. She is great and immersive character through which eyes you experience the horror.Absolutely gorgeous game. Incredibly well put together, made much more special by today’s low standards of big budget games and horror in general. It is strange combination but Alien Isolation awards, at the same time, patience and bravery.PS. The save system is bad! I wish they can patch or someone somehow mod button saves."
,Recommended,214490,17125145,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,KEEP YOU GRIPPED,"This game...For years, I'd been waiting--just as many others had been--for a worthy successor to the original few games in the Aliens/Predator franchise. After being so disappointed with Colonial Marines, Alien: Isolation hit me out of the park.Great visuals, astonishing sound effects and mastering, and a great storyline.The main character, whom the player controls, is Amanda Ripley, daughter of our androgenous queen, Ellen Ripley.There a ton of callbacks to the first Alien movie, complete with newly recorded stuff from the actors which, to be honest, I was only really interested in Sigourney Weaver's newly recorded lines, which were great.Haven't tried any of the DLC yet, but the vanilla game was well worth full price. It's a different take on the FPS, shying away from combat and more relying on sneaking tactics, distraction, and sometimes straight up running (which works very very rarely).Old Alien/s fans out there will be pleased with this game. I loved it and it had my heart racing many times."
76561198016589571,Recommended,214490,17127038,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Disara,"Great game.  Loved every minute of it, even when it was scaring my pants off."
,Recommended,214490,17130173,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Blacksack,"Forget everything you thought you knew about terrifying games. Play this with the assumption that it will be the scariest game you have ever played, and you will still have underestimated it."
,Recommended,214490,18351091,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Solune,"'Alium: Isosceles Triangle' often feels more like a movie than a game; and at no point will a mature adult actually give a ♥♥♥♥ about this.It's atmospheric, immersive, true to the source material....it has tension, twists, feels... some of the feels involve you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants.Is it as slow as a loading screen in Sonic (you know the one I mean) ???yes, yes it is.Is every single second of brutal monotony worth it?yes. yes it ♥♥♥♥ing is.Why?Because ♥♥♥♥ing ALIENS!also, SPACE!!!!!!If you enjoy fun and having an existential crisis when you realize how frail your pathetic, squishy, human body is.... then do yourself a favor and purchase this raw experience called a 'game',It can be scream-inducingly difficult at times, the story is filled with plot holes, and it's plagued with repetitive and bland gameplay... but it's still one of my all time favorite things to do instead of bonding with my family and friends.10/10 would be completely baffled, annoyed, terrified, satisfied, and angry again."
,Recommended,214490,16632935,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Keen,pretty gud
,Recommended,214490,18273363,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,AHeatonWriter,"""Wow, the inside of this locker is even more fascinating than the last one."""
76561197996768740,Recommended,214490,18354164,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Carnivale,"A truly horrific horror game.It's oppressive, living and makes you want to hide in a closet...in real life. The first time the alien saw me and caught me I literally went hiding under my computer desk. Slowly but steadily I grew to face the alien and keep looking at my screen while it splattered my brains on the wall. But the horror never went away, no matter how many times i died.I've thought of playing it all over again, just because it's so good. But no, I've failed to do it for I know what horrors await me in game. It's a masterpiece. I recommend it with all my rapidly beating heart. Just make sure you play it alone in the dark with your headphones on, else you might think it's safe to go to the bathroom."
,Recommended,214490,18375050,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Ne[a]era,The Graphics are outstanding and the atmosphere is intense! If you like horror / survival give this a go!
76561198025686238,Recommended,214490,18375330,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Katame-Jak,Best Alien game period!
,Recommended,214490,18359010,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,pink monkey,Great!
,Recommended,214490,20174735,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Twilight Sparkle,"Plays this game casually (la de da da da)Thinks nothing can scare me because the game is dumbChecks corner, sees  a nearly blind♥♥♥♥♥♥organism (i.e me)Uninstalls the game, shut the computer.Tell my family that I love themJump off the bridgeCame back home, took a shower and reinstalls the game again10/10 I'll uninstall againI am crying now"
76561198107562210,Recommended,214490,20293104,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gambo,"17.7 Hours played, I'm stuck already. This game is quite slow paced, just like the original movie. However the atmosphere, dialogue, visuals and sound are outstanding. I have yet to get very far in this game but I love it, then again I'm a huge fan of the Alien franchise."
76561198060473095,Recommended,214490,20293418,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,e-luck,One of the perls of the Aliens universe
,Recommended,214490,20245640,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,PiddlyDworple,If you liked Amnesia then you'll probably like this. They're very similar except this one goes on for much longer. This can be both good and bad depending on your feelings towards it.
,Recommended,214490,17388077,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Nicholas0399,"I love this game and the feelings it brings back from watching ""Alien"" and ""Aliens"". You feel helpless and alone (kinda like real life)"
76561198007690199,Recommended,214490,20626176,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Warboss,"This is an awesome game! I award it 9/10.I usually stay far away from horror games because the setting in them does not appeal to me enough to make me tempt the dryness in the seat of my pants. Alien Isolation was different. This was an Alien game. And it came with a reputation of being sincere to the original movie in plot, setting and feeling. I couldn't resist trying it out. I was not disappointed.Gameplay-wise the game ranks with the best of them. The controls are simple and engaging. I felt like I was in full control of my character. The way that the game makes you use the controls (i.e. how to open a door) is fantastic and it made me feel more immersed.There was a part of the game where the doorways that could open were not marked at all, which was a bit of a pain to realize, but otherwise I had very little issues with the way the game presented the environment. It also took me two thirds of the game to realize that the motion sensor actually shows the direction to go towards the next objective. This is not clearly stated anywhere in the game. Learning this sooner would have saved me a buttload of backtracking in the previously mentioned section of the game. I also didn't realize how to reload batteries to the flashlight until the last section of the game. But using the flashlight would have been dangerously revealing, so I didn't mind much.The environment in the game was great for creating a hemmed-in atmosphere that you would expect from spacecraft. There were not many open spaces, but whenever there were, I felt even more threatened because of the lack of cover to hide behind. And I wanted to hide a lot. Most of my experiences in the game were from a crouched position. It was the only way to remain silent and therefore the only way to have a chance of staying undetected.One of the best reasons this game was awesome were the characters that I encountered. They made the game interesting and motivated me to push onwards. Horror games where the protagonist is the only meaningful character make me lose interest quickly. The way that the plot played out was neatly done and it kept me interested all through the game. The pacing was spot-on. At times I had plenty of time to get worried all by myself and other times the Alien was such a menace that I had to take breaks to steady my nerves again.Even though I was quite content with a dark (and sometimes very well lit) room and my normal display, I can't help thinking how nerve-wracking this game would be on Oculus Rift or other such device.I played the game on the recommended difficulty setting and I recommend you do too. It is not too difficult, but it makes the Alien that much more menacing."
,Recommended,214490,20657056,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Kodr,"Horror games put us in an environment where we constantly experience strong feelings of fear. “Alien Isolation” is not just another game in this style. It provides the player with the opportunity to enter into the fictional world of “Alien,” the franchise created by the incredible filmmaker Ridley Scott.In this environment the player slowly discovers what is happening in a giant space ship. It is an incredible sensation to walk through the ship constantly afraid of what could happen; afraid of something we don’t know; afraid of something that we cannot see, but which could appear suddenly at any time, out of the darkness where it lurks.This game is fantastic because it resembles “Alien,” the movie, in which the horror of the crew was felt walking through the dark corridors of their ship, knowing that something unexpected could happen at any moment.Many games have been based on the movie’s universe. The majority are focused on the action of killing lots of monsters. In “Alien Isolation” however there is a mix of horror and action that refer to the first movie of the series. At last fans of this horrifying franchise can enjoy a game worthy of the universe created by one of the masters of science fiction."
76561198027997178,Recommended,214490,20667722,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MACIncorporated,"To be blunt; Alien Isolation is an excellent game.That being said, however, there are a few Con's.PRO's;True to the Original Movie, Plenty of love went into both graphics and detailFun and Engaging GameplayDecent - Great Voiceacting (varies from character to character and moment to moment)Legitamite moments of both Terror and HorrorWonderful Soundtrack and FXStrong Story (if only slightly predictable)Interesting Gameplay MechanicsCON'sLack of Replayability (You can probably play twice or three times)For the faint of heart, can be too stressfulItems that are craftable have varying degrees of usefulness, you may find yourself relying soley on one or two itemsCrafting is awkward at bestOVERALLGet it. If you Like Horror/Terror and SciFi this one is a must. Even if you're not the biggest fan of such things, the game is truely a polished masterpiece and would be a shame not to grace your Library.Feel free to Watch a few Episodes from this Let's Play Series to decide for yourself, as seeing is believing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CWVZNuj_qU&list=PL9dimLFMaZTHRbb9odOBkz2WxbTid09I7"
,Recommended,214490,20704687,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Watermelonium,"Take it form a Alien fan this game is 100% worth your time an money, the dlc on the other hand kinda falls short compared to the main game."
,Recommended,214490,20700467,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Wormerine,"A real treat for any ""Alien"" fan. And I mean ""Alien."" With no ""s"" at the end.The game takes place between original Alien and its sequel. You play as Amanda Ripley, a daughter of Ellen Ripley who seeks answers regarding her mother's fate.A:I biggest strength is its faithfulness to the source material. The Alien is done wonderfully, both visually and gameplay wise. It is a deadly and unpredictable beast, which will kill anyone in sight. You have no way of killing it but later in the game you do flamethrower which you can use to repel it for a moment. Strangely, it makes the game more stressful, as you need to manage your fuel carefully. The AI of Alien is great, making him fairly intelligent. He doesn't follow strict patrol patterns which makes evading him quite thrilling. That is quite impressing as it is Creative Assembly game who has established reputation of writing horrible AI.The environments look fantastic. The original soundtrack by Jerry Goldsmith is back and it is tastefully expanded for the needs of the game. The new stuff added to the lore (mostly the addition of Wayland-Yutani's poor competitor Seegston Corp.) is really good and fitting. Overall, finally the game Alien deserved to get.If I have any complaints it is the writing and the characters. It is not bad, but it is quite forgettable. People you meet are Alien Fodder and are not developed enough for you to care. Also while the 1st half of the game is brilliant it gets less interesting later on. Final two missions try to recreate the frantic finale of the film and to some extend it succeeds but as you need to switch from the heavily established by that point stealth focused gameplay to running&flamethrowing it becomes frustrating rather than tense."
76561198260094775,Recommended,214490,20700814,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,dannyrhymes,This is simply the best game i ever played. Maximum recommendo number 1!
76561198113123911,Recommended,214490,20694580,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,leonardo,alien/10 very good.
,Not Recommended,214490,20818241,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Tek,"Renders at 720p at un-tweakable graphical settings, then upscales to native resolution, onto which I can choose to apply Anti-Aliasing and HDR, etc.The result? A complete eye sore with blurry visuals and jagged-edges every where.I would probably love the game, but it's unplayable for me because of the above. I didn't spend $1,400 on my PC for some wankbag AAA wannabes to treat it like it were a console.On the flipside, the audio engineering is godlike, so there's that..."
,Recommended,214490,20741793,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Gimpmeister,"Just as the The Force Awakens is an attempt to rekindle the magic of the original Star Wars Trilogy, Alien: Isolation attempts to ressurect the best elements of the first Alien film... into video game form.The good news is that Isolation is one of the scariest games I've ever played, recreating the same kind of insane tension that I had watching the original film for the first time. I can't even imagine how much worse (better?) it would be if I was playing with a VR headset.The attention to detail in environmental design is amazing - the artists really went all out to make the items and locations look like late-70's futurism, and even the hacking mini-games have a spot-on retro aesthetic. Sometimes I found the sheer amount of little details to be a little distracting, but for the most part clever lighting, sound effects and level design balance out the distractions.The audio work is probably the best I've ever experienced in a game, period. In particular, the alien's walking, crawling, and vocalization sounds give it a terrifying sense ofweightand threat. The various environmental sounds are subtle, suggestive and varied; again, just like in the original movie. The musical score is fantastic: it grounds itself in Jerry Goldsmith's movie score while still developing its own, intense style. While lip sync is sometimes an issue, the voice acting is pretty solid all around. The inclusion of original Alien cast members in some of the audio logs is a nice touch.The plot is... well, pretty average. While there is an interesting backstory about the space station, the game sometimes feels like it's also a sort of ""greatest hits"" tour of the best moments of Alien reworked into a less compelling story.There are an awful lot of moments where (mild spoilers)a number of things appear to break down just so that you have to go push a button/turn a lever, etc. The first time or two it was surprising, but after the 6th time it felt like padding - even with the slightly more interactive nature of some of these tasks, they still repeat enough to get repetitive.Some of the missions felt arbitrary, almost like they were just created to extend the length of the game.I had a hard time developing a real emotional connection to any of the new characters. They're not badly written, per se, just not particularly unique within the franchise. Still, they do the job, and are at least as decent as the characters in Dead Space.I didn't really try the Survivor Mode challenges, but if you've gotten really good at the mechanics of the game, you might enjoy them.The other downsides are occasional bugs, sections where it's not really obvious where to go next (often while being put under constrant threat), and a few useless items. For example: why would you ever need to use a flare once you get the headlamp? The item crafting system creates some items that are immediately useful and others that I didn't feel a need to use more than once in the whole game.However, none of the downsides I've mentioned change the fact that I felt real terror playing this game, and real relief in escaping from the various in-game dangers. Also, despite my nit-picking, I have a huge amount of respect for the people who clearly spent an enormous amount of time making this game into a polished, atmospheric experience."
,Recommended,214490,20706115,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,PUKE,"Well written, plenty of scares - some predictable, some not.  A few frustrations, such as sequences that can't be stopped when you hear an alien come up behind you, leaving you vulnerable until the sequence plays out.  But besides that, this was a fun game to play."
,Recommended,214490,20813639,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,supernovaparanoia,"As soon as I saw the trailer for this game, I knew I would love it!  The art, the story, the nostalgia of it had me interested from the start - But my♥♥♥♥♥had to wait for it to get on to the Mac.  I'm happy to say that it did not disappoint.  I loved the fact that I could explore places from within the original movie.  The Nostromo and Sevastopol were done to perfection and I could look out a window and enjoy the view of space and surrounding structures of the ships.  This Retro-Futuristic Nostalgia trip is great.  If you're an Alien fan, go get!"
76561198085473130,Recommended,214490,20811958,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Bryan,Seriously Scary.
76561197989659594,Recommended,214490,20795831,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,♥♥♥♥ the alien. Ridley can't run for♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214490,20829755,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,luisromangz,Best purchase in a long time. Hiding from the Alien is thrilling and really fun.
,Recommended,214490,20262250,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,voltz420 * twitch.tv,"Great game play and cinematic scense. This is what an aliens game should be and is! If your a fan of the Aliens I suggest you get this, it's a must have.I Figured out my problem; apparently the vidoe setting were too high and didnt jive with my monitors native resolution, it works now.The game has crashed 5 times in the past hour, from crashing during ""cut scenes"" to crashing during the first 30 seconds of the first mission has left me more then dissapointed. Hopefully support can work out what is wrong; no game should be this buggy within the first 30 seconds of game play."
,Recommended,214490,20362951,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Steve Benett,"Hid in closet to get away from Alien.Alien Leaves room.Pull out motion detector to see if he is nearbymotion detector makes bloop soundAlien comes back, rips the closet door off, and kills me.10/10 will play on hardest difficulty setting again."
76561198032528294,Recommended,214490,16733541,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Warriorsage,"If you love the Alien franchise, this game is for you.  If you expect to hose down hordes of xenos with various weapons, this game is NOT for you.  If you hate stealth, this game is NOT for you.  If you hate backtracking, especially if you're a completionist, this game is NOT for you.The graphics are great, the atmosphere and sounds are genius, but the game does require a hefty dosage of suspending disbelief.  The alien always sort of knows where you are, but doesn't pop down out of the vents until you screw up - I find that hard to believe.  The station is huge, and you're not the only survivor, but if things weren't done this way, there couldn't be a game.To say nothing of the immortal and intractable alien itself. While you will uncover weapons and items that will make it go away, these measures grant only a few precious moments before he is right on your♥♥♥♥♥again.  The fact that you can't kill him is always a surprise to people who don't already know, especially after they find their first real weapon, and sometimes even for a few deaths after that.If you can ignore those particular characteristics of your new friend, the game will be a gripping ride you will never forget.After awhile they patched in a new hardest difficulty, and I assume they tweaked the other ones as a result.  This means if you play the game on ""normal"" mode the alien is slightly dumb, often-times appearing to have a baffling lack of peripheral-perception mixed in with instances of impossible awareness.  On harder modes he will hand you your♥♥♥♥♥for the slightest mistake.People hate or love the save system.  Since you can't save just anywhere, the game becomes more intense, but there are a couple stretches in the game where more save points would have been appropriate.The game has a learning curve and punishes the impatient.  The alien is not the only threat, or even necessarily the worst one.  You'll need to learn quickly what items and weapons to use on which enemy - and more importantly what not to use.Since the AI is somewhat randomized within sets of parameters, you can't simply memorize the appearances of the alien and its patrol routes.  Even areas where his appearance is pre-scripted have him randomly wandering about, hunting you down, and thus also randomizing what you need to do, when and where.  Humanoid enemies represent more classic stealth with regular routes.Have fun. ;)"
76561198047324256,Recommended,214490,20377283,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Die Farbe will ich nicht..!,"Wow what a game, superb Graphics and astounding intense gameplay, an absolut Hit from SEGA.The hiding reminds me a bit to -AMNESIA-, but who cares?It needs a little time to get into the game, but after that ALIEN-ISOLATION is awesome!9 out of 10 for this one."
76561198026154210,Recommended,214490,20391472,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,RisingHoplite,Legit have to take a break every couple hours because its just that stressful.
,Recommended,214490,20389498,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,D. VA,"This Game is absolutly amazing in everyway. The voice acting, the music/sound, and by far the best lighting and use of lighting i have ever seen in a video game, Ever! I have so much to say about this game and the Pros deffinantly out way the cons by far so lets get started.-Alien: Isolation is a game based around Ellen Ripley's daughter Amanda. This game takes place after the events of the first alien movie. Amanda is still on the hunt for her lost mother and is still finiding a way to find her thus the reason for the story to start here. A man samuels seeks out Amanda in aiding there trip to Sevastopol Station where the games story takes place. During the game of Alien: Isolation you will come in contact with various types of people and or enemies. Androids, Survivors and of course the Alien. This game is based completely off of stealth and if you try to treat this game as anything else other than that, it will punish you. Trust me.Anyways lets get to the pros of this game.-The Alien, By far one of the most unique enemies i have seen in any game. Not because of its looks or design but because of how unpredictable it is. From what i've seen and the developers say it has no scripted paths at all. It evolves and reacts to the players choices. Which means you try and treat this game as a FPS call of duty game you might be buying a new controller because it is now in your wall.-Android, Survivors i love that the game isn't all about the Alien. As much as it is fun and scary with being hunted some missions later are just filled with other enemy types and lack the Alien. In my opinion this is good because it gives the player some breathing room and a sense of sanctuary, but that won't go on too long.-Lighting and visuals are a huge thing in this game. It's beautiful and if you're a huge fan of the Alien movies it really puts you back into that universe and really makes you feel a part of it. At moments in the game it can get extremely scary especially with the games amazing soundtrack plus the Alien maybe in your stage. Have fun keep the crap from leaving you because there was various parts during my playthrough where i screamed, Pretty loud.Now i could go on forever but lets talk about a few cons then mention a few things i've heard from other people.-Cheap deaths, Now this barley happened to me at all but it has to other people so im going to mention it. The Alien tends to cheat in a way where he magically knows where you are even if you are hiding in a locker doing everything right for him not to see you but he just gets you anyways. Sometimes he'll teleport and kill you or just ignore every person in the room if there is a firefight and take a straigh B-Line for you. Now None of that really happened to me because i rarly got in to firefights and always out smarted the Alien so I was fine, It just varies on the player.-Length, A lot of people complained about the game being too long and trust me it is. You backtrack a lot throughout the game to the point if you've been paying attention you might not have to use your map at all because you know everyplace on the Station. Eventually some of the maps are dynamic tho and will change due to the players choices and story progression and if you're a huge Alien fan like me the extra length is just an added bonus to play the game even longer.Now to talk about some things people have complained about but from playing the game from start to finish can't be true at all. A lot of people complained about the save points in the game and there not being enough of them. I personally had no problem with the save points and actually thought they were placed rather in great locations. Now i admit there were moments where i was dying to get to a save point and maybe it was down the hall to the left but my objective was to the right but i just took the extra minute to detour and save my game so i dont loose the last half an hour. With a game like Isolation you have to be patient and smart about you're choices and even sometimes go out of your way to get back to a save point but in my opinion that doesn't take anything bad away from the game.Another thing to mention that people thought were an issue was salvage, that supplies and ammo was scarce and was hard to find, in my opinion i say what ♥♥♥♥ing game were you playing haha. There was never really a moment where i came too low on supplies. By the end i actually was maxed on all of my varies traps and bombs and had 14 shotgun rounds, 66 revolver rounds and 6 boltshot rounds. And for the record o played on Normal. My only way for thinking that they had such a hard time with supplies is you guessed it, they treated the game as a FPS and didn't sneak a lot.The last thing i wan't to mention is a few tips.-When hiding in a locker or anywhere if the Alien is near you don't have you're tracker out, The Alien will hear the beeping.-Try you're best to not fire you're weapon at all and if you do make sure you have an escape plan in mind or make use of you're traps to lure the Alien away from you're location.-If you decide to trick or take the Alien head on try using different tactics the Alien will learn and maybe the last time you lure him away with a noise maker, maybe this next time it won't work.-Never run, EEEEVVVEERRRR!!!!!-You also don't need to crouch everywhere especially if you know the alien's not close but make sure you do sneak a lot.And last but not least.-Know if you take the Alien head on Using the FlameThrower or other weapon it will enrage the Alien and you may see him even more throughout the stage and he will try to hunt you even more so stay alert.Anyways i hope this review gives you an idea of this great game and i hope you buy it and have as much fun as i did! So... go buy it, like now, go what are you doing? Buy it! :)"
76561198168926882,Recommended,214490,20373989,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,DnJ,"> Hides in a locker> Never moving from that locker again.> Lockers are my friends.> I love lockers.I have just completed this game on hard difficulty and holy crap what a wild ride it was. I am personnaly not a big fan of the alien franchise, but I've heard this game has many, many details and easter eggs winking at the original alien movies (if it is in fact true, it's totally awesome). This game really is a masterpiece. The developers did a really good job to create an utmost terrifying atmoshpere and a dreadful ambiance. Every time you think you are ridden of that pesky alien, it always comes back stronger.Will you be able to roam the mazes of Sevastopol alive?"
,Recommended,214490,20041049,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Brianya,"What a game, Enemies who learn and don't act the same, they adapt and know to attack when you are on the bathroom break. 10/10 Excellent game. Alien is like a little toddler,a very, very hungry one who just ate that bug over there by the window. Man that's disgusting, was that a spider?"
,Recommended,214490,20163095,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,𝓕 𝓻 𝓮 𝓼 𝓱,"This game was fantastic. The atmosphere perfectly emulates the original movie, and the Crew Expendable and Last Survivor DLC are amazing. However, it falls short in the final quarter of the game, and becomes a little more about the Synthetics than the Alien. All in all, though, I recommend this if you're into horror or shooter games, and a must have if you're a fan of the Alien franchise."
76561198042513984,Recommended,214490,20180752,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dark Spartan,"Fantastic Tension building game! Once i finally met the alien i couldnt go around any corner without holding my breath! This game certainly knows how to keep you on edge, the game is also lovingly made so that it recreates the atmosphere of the original film.If you want a game to play alone late a night and give yourself a heart attack, this one is for you!!!"
76561197997407887,Recommended,214490,20178253,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hatchet,"Thematically, this is a magnificent representation of the Alien universe. That clunky 70's/80's future tech full of blinking screens and industrial levers is spot on. No shiny expansive spaceships here, but robust, claustrophobic working vessels.The game itself is billed as a horror survival and it's exactly that. Fans of stealth shooters will find some similarities, but may ultimately be frustrated by the lack of ""action"". Whilst there are kills to be made, they're few due to limited ammo and the risk of attracting more and more dangerous attention. The majority of your time will be spent crouching and hoping that the bloody alien goes away and doesn't spot you.It's a great concept and well executed, but it's not for everybody, and more than once I was greatly frustrated by the psychic alien who may not know *exactly* where you are, but patrols within a 20m radius. Particularly so when you distract it with a device and disappear off in the opposite direction only to have it appear in front of you again moments later. Some levels suffer more than others for this (I'm looking at you Medlabs and M17).The save facility - whereby you have to find save points in the level and hope there are no enemies around while the slow save process happens - is both a requirement to create the necessary tension and also deeply annoying. There are points where the alien just keeps coming at you and all you can do is drive it away with fire. Unfortunately, if you've been less than frugal with it you then find it's almost impossible to progress, and due to the lack of previous save points (you can't go back a few saves and try again). That said, I did *just* make it through the times I thought I was stuck, and I guess that's the difficulty the game aims for. It is about just surviving after all.The big question then, would I recommend it? It's hard to say. I got it on sale for about £8 and got 21 hours out of it. A lot of those 21 hours did feel like hard, stressful work though and I was relieved to finish it. It seems quite unlikely I'd revisit it unless I wanted to showcase the look and feel of it to someone. That said, it may just be I picked the wrong style of game.If you're a fan of the Alien universe and this genre of game then it's a must buy. If you're more of a stealth-em-up player, it's your call."
,Recommended,214490,20179620,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SiscoBossco,"This is game is just like Dead Space. If you like survival horrer games, its 100% worth checking out. If you are a fan of the Alien movies, then definately check this game out. A really good experience so far."
,Recommended,214490,20108517,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,IndustrialGamer,"There is plenty of fan service in Alien: Isolation that alone, makes this game an incredible experience. But this game manages to do so much more. It is a true, punishingly difficult and incredible survival horror game."
76561198077893706,Recommended,214490,20104555,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Axe_Hax,"Saw the Alien, thought he left. Turns out he was just waiting for me to leave my hiding spot. Had Constipation, not anymore.cured constipation/10"
,Recommended,214490,20185045,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,poo poo >.<,hell ya super spooky game i would rate it 1000000 out of 10 for all the spooks and would totally recommend alien isolation and chill
76561198016777820,Recommended,214490,20037668,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tofru,"Boot game up, poop my pants in terror, close game. (Rinse and repeat)"
,Recommended,214490,20065091,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Ganso,"I am a big fan of scary and horror games, after Amnesia I thought I would never get scared again. Boy I was so wrong. It is hard to compare this game with Amnesia, they are very different, but they both tie for the top spot in my list.Alien Isolation is as close to the Alien movie franchise as a game can possibly be. If you watched the first movie, you will immediately recognize the environment, soundtrack and all the scary atmosphere surrounding the unpredictable Alien onboard your ship.There are many people writing bad reviews for this game, this is probably because this game did not align with their expectations. For a 15-20h game, the developers tried to fit as much content as possible in this game, I think it is great that the game captures all the phases seen in the movie, where at first you are helpless and scared to death, and then you gear up and try face all your threats. When that happens that game immediately becomes easy, because you are not helpless anymore, but it later catches up with new threats and challenging situations to keep you on your toes. I like that because 20h hours of hide-n-seek with the Alien would get very tiresome.As some other reviewers say: This is not a game, it is an experience! Highly recommended. GOTY for me."
,Recommended,214490,20099031,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Tricky Dick,"Best single player horror I've played. Awesome atmosphere, runs extremely well."
76561197973777840,Recommended,214490,20102805,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mediocrates,"In space, no one can hear you wee in your jumpsuit."
,Recommended,214490,20101295,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Helstrain,"One of the greatest film-to-game adaptations I've ever seen - perhaps the best. Possibly the best survival horror game I've ever played as well. The attention to detail in not just the visuals, but the audio, storytelling, and the gameplay is the mark of a developer that truly has a passion for games. This game can only be experienced 100% by playing on Nightmare mode.  Sure, there are easier modes - but there is something about being able to outsmart one of the most iconic monsters in film history on the hardest difficulty setting. The horrific and terrifying experience that follows is one of those things that you just never see or feel in games any more - every death was worth it. Must-have for Alien fans, and a must-play for anyone else."
76561198113313379,Recommended,214490,20136359,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NotKevin,"Good, very Good"
,Recommended,214490,17558066,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Semen Demon,i pussied out6/9
,Recommended,214490,20682458,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Rumbles,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever played. Beutifully designed, awesome music score, builds tension and scares the crap out of you.Never played a Survival Horror before, but this is a top game, loved it, even if it was massively frustrating getting killed all the time!Can't wait to try it on VR."
76561198145275631,Not Recommended,214490,20859307,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Birini,"I wanted to like this. I really did. And it starts pretty strong. But after the 5 millionth time hiding from an alien and crawling from locker to locker it starts to get old. A sharper, more concentrated story would have worked better here or some real progression in how you deal with the alien. As it was, this was a wonderful idea that fell flat after about 6 hours of play."
76561197977260303,Recommended,214490,20855977,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Qusia,"Awesome Game, Real Horror."
76561198017856283,Recommended,214490,20858411,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,porkch0p,
,Recommended,214490,20883248,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Super Autist,BORING AF.... that is all.
,Recommended,214490,20851588,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,LaughingDog,amazing game!!!
76561198004669277,Recommended,214490,20845545,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,taint,irritable bowel syndrome simulator
,Recommended,214490,20877966,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ZoiÃo R3gal4d0,"Nice, nice, nice... The best alien game!"
76561198035318174,Recommended,214490,21417826,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,frogg,Stockholm Syndrome Simulator
,Not Recommended,214490,18740800,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,JOVΛHKIIN,"Can't belive I played just 8 hours, it felt like an eternity!Had to force myself trough most of the game, not because it was too scary, but because it was a little boring. Do this, go there, do that, feels like doing chores... but there's a giant Alien stopping you from doing it.*First negative review ever*"
,Recommended,214490,21343521,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DodoChaser,What's not to like about standing in a locker wondering were the f**k is she......
76561198134712596,Recommended,214490,21443133,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Paulie MDG,Awesome Kitty & Mousey simulator. A must own if you're an Alien fan or not. Superb game through & through!!
76561198059218085,Recommended,214490,21439680,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Orac,"Alien Isolation manages to have both flawless and totally awful pacing both at once.On a larger scale the story is too long, too slow, too chugging.  There's enough content here to put Amanda Ripley through two movies worth of physical and mental torture at least, and that's just too much.On the moment-to-moment scale though, the game nails it.  The horror genre relies upon careful positioning of moments of suspense, moments of outright horror, and moments of release.  Almost every room and hallway fulfills this pitch-perfectly, which is even more impressive given how much of the game is driven purely by the Alien's AI.Be prepared for a game which is fantastic in short bursts but potentially a long slog over all.  It feels like a proper relief to finally finish it for both these reasons."
76561197976855149,Recommended,214490,21439784,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Roshambo,You've played some of the worst games the Alien franchise has to offer.  Why not play a good one?
76561197989998171,Recommended,214490,21423123,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,FSCBSoldat,"9/10. IGN are rubbish and unprofessional. Don't believe their 5.9/10.Great game. Might be a bit hard for most on Hard setting, but you can give it a try then swap to Medium later. Medium is challenging enough. Great gameplay, story and feel.The Alien is beast and you will feel a sense of accomplishment each time you sneak past it."
,Recommended,214490,21422482,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,wasabi,"Alien Isolation has a uniquely challenging Alien AI but is ultimately let down by tedious mission objectives, poor level design, and a frustrating insta-kill penalty that drains the atmosphere of tension.I suspect the awards won are a reflection of the game's faithfulness to the movie sets and the fact we all needed to find some reason to like Aliens again after the colossal train-wreck that was Colonial Marines.It's perhaps worth a score in the 70-75 / 100 range. I would recommend this one only for the biggest of Alien fans. Others looking for a stealth/survival horro game would be better served with Outlast."
,Recommended,214490,21432718,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mavvy,The best Alien game ever made... and I spent my teen years playing AvP2! Also the scariest game I've ever played. I spent more time whimpering in lockers and under desks than completing objectives.Pucker factor 10.0(It says I have only 1 hour played but that's cause I play offline. Have well over 40 hours played in this game.)
76561197961432314,Recommended,214490,21428868,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Dutchy,"It's a tense, well designed game that will have fans of the Alien films very happy. Plenty of depth, beautiful visuals, heart stopping sound and very, very scary."
76561198074926469,Recommended,214490,21410648,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,o_siyeza,"Man it made my heart race!On the bad side; item crafting and minigames are kind of boring, lots of backtracking, the third act is kind of boring too. Its also obvious the tricks they use again and again to lock the alien in your locationOn the bright side: the core mechanics and ambientation is brilliant and unique!. and IT ♥♥♥♥ING MADE MY HEART RACE!"
76561198020514724,Recommended,214490,21381825,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,rentgeeen,"Great game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,21370831,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,deanheaphy,"Good game,  but gets repetitive."
,Recommended,214490,21404736,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,WASH MY BUTT,"One Word For This Game Review ""AWESOME""!Worth It To Spend Your Dollars on This Game.It specializes on your survival and thinking skills to play this game, very good gameplay, horrific and thrilling experience!9/10!You are entering in the Alien World, just like in the movies but much more realistic! I SO LOVE IT ! #worthit"
76561197970574763,Recommended,214490,21403352,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Lactose,"Great game, really well done.They did an awesome job with the space station the game is set on in terms of detail, and the gfx and sound production was top notch.Pros:* Great atmosphere courtesy of environment detail and sound production* Very true to the classic Movie* Whilst the game encourages and rewards stealth and subtlety, taking the aggressive option was often the right thing to do aswell, this kept it varied.* The alien's behavior was largely unscripted making it less predictable.Cons:I ruined many sets of undies playing this game, and the cost of replacement outweighs the cost of the game.Anyway, highly recommend and I will be picking up the dlc in the next sale I suspect."
,Recommended,214490,21399860,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,KhaosPone,"Love this game so much, it is difficult and challenging., and definately gets your blood pumping whilst you are trying to evade the Alien ^_^Hate the androids with a burning passion more than the Alien. (More my fear of mannequins)Definately worth what I paid, I have been waiting to play a decent horror game that puts me on the edge of my seat and this dragged me along for the ride10/10"
76561197972368628,Recommended,214490,21386398,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Unpainted Huffheinz,"I was amazed to read that this game did not have great sales (at least in the US) and that it is unlikely that there will be a sequel.  How is this possible?? This was one of, if not THE BEST, video game I have ever played! I don't think you have to be an Alien fanboy to appreciate the brilliance of this game, but maybe the horror genre is just too much of a niche market? If so, this is very sad. Believe me, I love a good action-based FPS, but there HAS to be room for games like this! Maybe the video game industry is becoming like the movie industry where millenials flock to see the latest unoriginal superhero movie over and over again and it squeezes out more original and thoughtful movies that aren't as profitable."
,Recommended,214490,21394235,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,CryptKleaner,If you are looking for a great single player experience that will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. I HIGHLY recommend Alien Isolation :]
,Recommended,214490,21378769,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Fire Tiger5,A very scary game for me. Let me tell you a story.I was playing Alien Isolation in the dark with headphones. I was getting pretty scared because the game does that so perfectly. All of a sudden the alien comes out of no where and kills me. I caught me off guard and scared the crap out of me. My mouse went to the other side of my room and I fell over backwards (my chair isn't very stable). My headphones flew off my head and then I hit the ground.So buy this game so you can have that happen too :)
76561198124814895,Recommended,214490,21374689,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Duje N7,Great game if you like alien and Ridley Scott movie witch is masterpice
76561198137480728,Recommended,214490,21378966,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,M. Becker,By far the most intense game of hide and go seek in the dark I've ever played!
76561198007853766,Recommended,214490,21372366,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,unwhiskyetaulit,"As lots have said : ""Finally an ""Alien"" game that shows respect to the franchise"". Following the encounter of Amanda Ripley (daughter of Ellen) with the Xenomorph is quite thrilling. However, the game has some flaws.I've played it on the recommended difficulty level (the hard one...I'm not fool enough to dare trying the nightmare difficulty level).Actually, the story is well served and all is explained on how the Alien made it to the Sevastopol Station.But the player should be aware that he will spend hours of hiding, crouching, moving slowly so he won't be spotted by his foes and doing lots of ""there and back (again)"" wanderings.It's quite exciting the first times and especially during the first encounters wiht the Alien. But in the end, it tends to be boring. And on some (rare) occasions, you only have one path to follow, assuming the Alien always pops up near you. I remember having waited a long time in the medical center corridors because the Alien keep on stalking my path. And without spoiling, your visit to the reactor core will be quite harsh.And why bother giving you so much different weapons...At only one point in the game, hey prove useful and I clearly approve the choice of the flamethrower but as long as you must remain most of the time silent, why a gun, shotgun a bolt gun, etc...The way you are spotted is a bit erratic too. Sometimes, androids or the Alien will pass just next to you without spotting you and another time, clearly well hidden, they will spot you in no time...If the Alien has spoted you and you don't have the flamethrower or not enough gas to run it (NEVER run out of gas) it's game over (yes, you can use the molotov too but as it requires a lot of ingredients to be built and you can  only stock 3, it won't last long). If an android has spotted you, it 'll stick to your back as an IRS agent who found a prey.So yes, Alien Isolation is a good game but maybe too long, assuming there is nearly just one type of gameplay throughout the game."
76561197998934643,Recommended,214490,21323716,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Rusty and Clark Griswold,Fantastic geme.  A real Alien game.  This is a must have.  It is scary and very captivating.  The tension is felt and everything is perfect.
76561198273916964,Recommended,214490,21336969,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mythicawkening,"DEVINE GAME IN ALL FORMS 10/10 \\M//,, !"
,Recommended,214490,17938675,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Pels,I just crapped my pants before knowing how to play.10/10
76561198269037820,Recommended,214490,21232664,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ColonolKippy,"it was AWSOME, i reccomend this game, the feeling of being stalked by a xenomorph, while trying to survive to escape the station, the pressure, it was awsome, the kind of alien game i've been looking for, it nailed horror, stress, and the anticipation of dying, perfect, having to hide every now and again, the cutcenes, and avoiding androids, other survivors, and an alien, i really enjoyed the game. I reccomend this game to those who have seen the movies, and are not easily frightned, that is because this game is horror genre, and can easily scare the daylights out of some people, so... this game is more for horror, and aliens fans. but, this is my point of view, not yours, so go ahead and get it even if you havn't seen the movies, or if you don't like horror, this is all my opinion, it's up to you wether you reccomend it or not, or if you want it. but i personaly do reccomend this game, mostlyto those who enjoy horror, and the aliens movies."
76561197997075541,Recommended,214490,21080686,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Drumor,"First three ours in the game... it is awesome... that 80's feeling of the game :) ... Alien is coming in unexpected situation, androids as well.The loneliness and misery are everywhere.Game is relly fun... i screamed manytimes already, beacuse unexpecte shock :)9/10"
,Recommended,214490,21171509,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,McAtNight,"After many hours invested in this game I have to give it high marks. It's heart pounding and very tense. The music score is spot on and the ambiance is what you would expect from the series. With that said there are a few issues as well.Negative pointsPoor hitbox detectionThe fact that the Alien will ignore the synthetics (contrary to movie)Going back and forth doing almost the same thing each objectiveNo matter how much ammo (fire, shotgun, revolver) you put into any alien they NEVER die which breaks emersionThe game is a little too longThese only take a small amount from the positive experience of this game. The best part is it usually goes on sale for around $10 for the game and DLC. It's a win in my book."
76561198043032732,Recommended,214490,21247765,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,H|X,"Everything I wanted from an Alien game. Well balanced, lush and creepy."
76561197995274812,Recommended,214490,21240138,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Lexus2f,"It is awesome. Atmosphere is unnerving all the way, the visuals are stunning, the gameplay is nicely varied. I just want to keep playing, and you should do the same."
76561198320037717,Recommended,214490,30705110,Posted: 24 March,all,MR.FOX,Online!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214490,17608311,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Myrmidont,"The reviews are true: the Alien game the movie deserves, and not an ""Aliens"" game. Run it on max settings for best experience.+Amazing level design and detail, sound, voice acting, production values.- Re-treading some levels can get old in the late game+Amazing immersion- Not for the faint of heart or easily scared+Good longevity- Campaign can drag out a bit, you may tire of hide-and-seek, and placement of checkpoints is sometimes annoying (I paused the game and left it on overnight in some places rather than saving and quitting)+Believable named characters- Doesn't hold for non-named NPCs.+Alien behaviour is good- But can be obvious that it is ""tethered"" to player location and doesn't show much environmental awareness.+Crafting good- Not all items  are useful, since Alien can ""get used"" to some distractions and some items are only useful on certain enemies.+Creepy androids+80's hacking-Space Walking levels are slow +but good if you like that"
,Recommended,214490,17609219,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Yivien,"I'm going to say that this game is in my top three. It's been truly an amazing journey throughout the game, it felt like I'm actually immersed in the game. I love the Alien movies and this game was super on point with the lore, enemies, design, and everything!It's quite a very long game too which I love. Not many games can offer a storyline that long. Amazing from beginning to the ending."
76561198028694057,Recommended,214490,17610339,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,xJunkSciencex,"Really i dont comment on to many games. I feel if i can get someone to play or enjoy this game the way that i now love it than may this help you.  My over all opinon of this game is that it must to be the best in the genre. It takes into account that it is based in the Alien universe with anolog computers and equipment used in the original movie. The music is by far true to the movie and gives a overture that resonates with with the player throughout the game. I find myself first amazed by the graphics only to be pushed and get tension from the game play. I really enjoy that through the game feeling the constant pressure and ominous presences around every corner, which the sound and music added to the over all plot. This game has so much to offer in the world of Horror games, standing next to Dead Space and Outlast, if not even a little better than both. I must recommend this game to the Horror game enthusiast and just the casual gamer also. It just a must play. I have found myself in this game hiding in a locker for the excess of ten minutes because the xenomorph was stocking me and my nerves were getting the best of me. I had to put down the game for two weeks just to recollect myself to play. The introduction to the final resolution of this game i find myself asking more questions that i wish have answers to. I want a sequal to Alien and i want it soon. I hope the creators of this game recieve the support from the gaming comunity to get another Alien game to further explains what happens to Amanda Ripley.  Creative Assembly has truly created something that has touched me and has gave me hope in the game based on movie world. I cannot wait to help Amanda find if not get revenge on weyland-yutani and their underminding constant to require acquisition of this being."
76561198085737258,Recommended,214490,17610428,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,MayB3,nice game. many butt clenching moments.
,Recommended,214490,17620514,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,General Patton,This game is intense! Edge of your seat stuff.
76561198052697331,Recommended,214490,17620625,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Scorch,15/10 Outstanding... absolutely made for nostalgics.
76561198003883216,Recommended,214490,17506924,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,G700,"Loved this game, although some of the gameplay and tatics did get abit repetative the visuals and storyline was just amazing. Spoiler alert *The ending, hmmmm abit quesitonable*"
76561198065760889,Recommended,214490,19700823,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,puppehs,Lovely game
,Recommended,214490,19633078,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Pain,mother fockin alien
76561197963654518,Recommended,214490,19704901,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,"SRVs""Coptic""Cross","The anticipation is second to none as far as waiting for the Alien to show himself, once he does it's almost never good but I crave it.  If your a fan of the series, get this NOW !!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,214490,19666613,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,quidgy,"Got smacked in the face by a synthetic, then eaten by the alien dropping from a vent. Would play again...after my heartrate settles."
,Recommended,214490,15394016,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ne0n_Winds,11/10 will die again
76561198047568414,Recommended,214490,19667455,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,nightwing7841,This will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.
,Recommended,214490,19667502,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Grim Gravy,"After 22 hours of brick ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fun... sadly, I completed this game. T_TI am happy to say, this game was incredibly good. I am not disappointed in the least. :)Story: pretty straighforward... find out what happened to the Nostromos... and ultimately, find a way off the space station.There was one part, however, that kind of threw me off... a particular scene where someone 'dies' and it's supposed to be emotional or something. I feel like maybe some of the character building got written out because the emotion involved on my part was very underwhelming. :/Control: I used mouse and keyboard. Fairly easy, but in my own personal confusion, LMB vs RMB to either select or craft new items threw me off. Q to craft.Complete time: for me, 22 hours.Motion sickness: because of the constant corridors, I did experience some motionsickness.Bugs: sometimes I would see a 'ghost' gun floating in the air. weird. but nothing really game stopping.Forgot to mention: what really bothered me was the maps. Confusing as ♥♥♥♥ at times. Thankfully, the radar had a little beacon that helped me on my way... sometimes.And the Re-Wire boxes... well... almost nearly useless... unless you need some extra hiding help. Probably could have played without using them at all.And the ""hacking""....while most of it was easy, some lacked the information on what to actually DO. So, it was kind of guess work with some of them.Scare factor: I had some very VERY good scares. Between the 'Working Joe' and the xenomorphs... I♥♥♥♥♥♥quite a few bricks during my playthrough.Would I recommend this game?? HELL YES!"
,Recommended,214490,19571803,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Penguiin,Very good game. can be a bit long at some parts and tedious but make it to the end for a great story
76561198072401807,Recommended,214490,19592567,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ScruffHero™,"So far one of the most atmospheric horror games I have ever played and feels perfect in the Alien lore. Very good level design and fun gameplay. few glitches here and there.9.46565765675/10 Would hide under a desk, in a vent and in outer space again."
,Recommended,214490,19645192,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jaguar,"Best game in the Alien Universe. I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants in all game. Awesome graphics, soundtrack, special sounds, atmosphere and history of the game makes you feel you are in one of the Alien movies."
,Recommended,214490,19608394,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,xButtersx,visualy stunning atmospheric heartattack simulator10/10
76561197967062671,Recommended,214490,19575114,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DoomDubSelecta,Proper.
76561197971333706,Recommended,214490,19577437,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Cla$$y Duck$,"This game is great, a bit of backtracking but otherwise great.  It is a loveletter to any alien fan and Amanda Ripley is serious badass.  I loved this game.  I love Amanda.  I don't love the Alien."
76561197961972687,Recommended,214490,19725820,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Quaker | LANFest,"1) Do you like the Alien franchise?2) Do you like survival horror?If the answer to either was ""yes"", then buy it."
,Recommended,214490,19228413,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Cynothoglys,"I keep coming back to this game. It's so well done. The atmosphere of the game is so on-target with the way things were during the age of the Nostromo. There are only *two* pieces of advice I can offer you:1. You should play this game on ""Nightmare"" mode, if only once. It's a beast, and rightfully so.2. Keep a spare pair of underwear handy, because this is going to happen regularly:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=352827201"
76561198018954341,Not Recommended,214490,19662531,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,len27,"I am disappointed with the decision to make the game first person only.  Now I have no periphial vision. The motion of the camera is slow and unstable.  Controls are very odd and do not work consistantly.  Sound volume doesn't change with distance, whispering is the same volume as normal talking too."
,Recommended,214490,19679788,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Kaefars,"Best ALIEN game ever made!If you are a fan of the first movie, do buy!"
,Recommended,214490,14023923,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Kevlittrell,Alien isolation had me riding an emotional rollercoaster. With its amazing style/graphics and immersive gameplay i was terrified but i also constantly found myself attached to the characters and story. The game is beautiful and the not so subtle references to the original alien movie brought back the memory of an amazing film. I never felt safe in the world which was perfect for a horror genre game. It is an experience that i will not forget 10/10 love this game!
,Recommended,214490,19685834,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,PEZ,♥♥♥♥♥load of jump scares
76561198130878625,Recommended,214490,19571538,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Snakefangs,It's quite good.  I didn't like the beginning that much but the ending was good. there should have been more cutscenes and space travel parts are cut off. I thought it would be like dead space but I was disappointed. You have to hide from people and push buttons and repeat. That's the entire game. It gets boring and irritating sometimes. But the ending was good. 7.5/10
,Recommended,214490,18174973,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,DaPhuuLz,"Run, Hide, Reload.Prey Simulator.If you want to feel what it's like to be hunted in the Alien movie, this is a game for you.Run and Hide in the Gorgeous settings of the '80s Sci-Fi : Alien.There are some gathering and crafting stuffs and shooting gun and flamethrower too. but most likely what you do will be : Run, Hide and Reload.the Character also cannot get over a small fence or box."
76561197984435689,Recommended,214490,18175250,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Fade,"F#&ING AMAZING.Speechless. this was an amazing (and horrifing) experience. A definite must for any survival/horror fan or Alien franchise fan.**MINOR SPOILER BELOW**Final ending was a little flat and could use a little better sqeuence, the leadup was GREAT, but the very very final seconds kind of feels uncompleted (animation,etc.)"
,Recommended,214490,18176234,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Erasmus [-SC-],"TL;DRA game made mostly for fans of the original Alien movie. If you solve your problems by shooting at them and are up for a short, fast-paced action, then you might not like what it has in store for you. But if you are here to experience a true, and - one might say somehow ""realistic"" - horror for survival, with all the ups and downs, you are up for a ride.DesignOne thing, that makes the game really stand out, especially if you are observant to it, are its visuals. Indeed, the designers might have their work made a bit easy by using original movie design documents, but they made a wonderful job of bringing it to live nevertheless. Sevastopol seems like you really stepped into the Ridley Scott's film universe, with its late 70s futuristic visions. Yet it also feels remarkably real. All the things you can lay your eye onto are amazingly detailed and functional - from the one-color printed manuals and forms laying scattered around, the furniture, the controls, computers, food canisters to the flixkering, unreliable user interface. Unlike in many other games, layout of the levels is perfectly rational and you might think, this is how they would do it in real life! Surprisingly, it works pretty well in the gameplay sense as well.And what crowns this, is the optimization. Even on my three-years old laptop I could enjoy perfectly smooth experience with all its glorious VHS grain and high-tech indirect illumination.Seeing many of the games just being released right now, they are no match for AI in the amount of detail and design perfection of the environment.GameplayThe game is long and can get a bit repeteative, especially close to the end, when you have to back-track to a previously visited locations. It requires a lot of patience sometimes, waiting for that hazmat synthetic to go around the corner so you can sneak to a different locker to wait a bit more. Yet even through its many hours gameplay and hundreds of visited lockers, the game - and, of course, the creature - kept surprising me: For almost all the gameplay you might think some strategy, some safe haven is really safe. What a mistake! Suddenly you might realize the alien can open the locker, or that it indeed can crawl at you from the vents, while you wait for the corridor ahead to be clear.It is this tension, when you actually do not see the creature, that makes the game a truly frightening experience. You never know where it will appear. You hear it walking someweher behind you, or crawling through the vents. You know it is around the corner, you know that if you bump into it, it will - probably - mean your death. At least until you have a cache of flamethrower fuel.And here comes some, albeit minor flaws: You will die a lot. Most of the time, I did not care much, but in some occassions (I hate Seegson Communications!) it became rather annoying, it became a game of chance: Either the creature will be there, or it won't - either you will get past, or not. Second thing I noticed, was, that with the flamethrower, the tension was eased a bit. I knew, I do not have to hide much, that I can just ""flame"" the creature away. Fortunately, the fuel becomes a lot more rare later on.SummaryAll in all, you will either love the game or hate it, depending on your expectations and the approach to playing it you choose.  Go along with what it has to offer, and you will have a great time. Fight it, and you will not. And of course, this is a must for all design geeks and Alien movie fans!"
76561197961698859,Recommended,214490,18731931,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,bones,it's a great game that is just like Amnesia and  it long
,Recommended,214490,18732498,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,doped Iggie,Ich liebe dieses Spiel!!! Geile Atmosphäre und geiles Gameplay. Und jetzt auch noch eine Apple Version <3
,Recommended,214490,18637899,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fool Jester [ITA],"The only game that throw you in the first Alien movie situation:being hunted by a huge massive, sadic, sneaky, fast, immortal xenomorph.Game is good but not perfect. Gameplay can be repetetive on long play.One of the better game with the Alien IP. For sure, the most original."
,Recommended,214490,18726081,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Armin Von Kamfher,You a game is really good when you still have nightmares about it months after you've finished playing this paranoia fueled nope-fest with an extra side of HOLYGODDAMNSHITNOPENOPENOPEALLTHEMOTHER♥♥♥♥INGNOPE
76561197976516739,Recommended,214490,18730222,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DoobieDoo,"hands down the most intense horror game ive ever played. cant even tell you how much time ive spent hiding in closets and cabinets holding my breath.terrifying! you will be in alien horror heaven. whoever did the art design in this.....deserves an award. feels exactly like alien 1 in every way, ...scared,,,absolutely outmatched. never before in a game have i had this sense of helpless terror.brilliant"
76561197963954046,Recommended,214490,18714075,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Spectral Vengeance,"Loved it, though the end makes me wonder.....sequel?This is how you make a game, never know when that damn alien will appear....I'll give it a very pleasant 8/10, though I did enjoy Dead Space 1 more....Wait, Wtf is that noi ,aknf7988 y86t6"
76561198090846904,Recommended,214490,18714100,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,MOONSTARE,I have beat this game on every mode and got all the achievemnts so yeah id say this is a good game. Im a big alien fan and the story fits right in. Diffently a buy!
,Recommended,214490,18728523,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Old Toby,"If you like the Alien universe this is a must. Amazing fan service & attention to detail, beautiful scenes and heart-pounding gameplay, this is the Alien game we've all been waiting for."
76561198010264883,Recommended,214490,18699546,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,DestroXV,"Best game ive played in a long time. Captures the ALIEN universe perfectly. Stayed true to the IP which is a big credit to CA.Also, whoever wrote the Alien AI should write the TOTAL WAR AI, just sayin...Alien hugs ftw!11/10"
76561198083947664,Recommended,214490,18720920,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,NinjaCam,Prepare to have your heart race and palms get sweaty. This game is awesome.
,Recommended,214490,18721118,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Potato,"This is probably the single best example of immersion in a game I can think of. The level of detail in this game truly makes you feel alone, and helpless. The developers matched and built upon the first movie fantastically, they put you into the position of someone being hunted by everone thing (literally). It gives me chills just thinking about this game!"
76561197987135337,Recommended,214490,18721383,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ԍԱᏕჩලႼਪઽᏥᏋᖇ,"All the awards for this game....well deserved.  Alien: Isolation is a marvelous game.  It captured the aesthetic and ambiance of Alien perfectly.  This is one of only a few game where I would stop the playing to look up design elements on the Internet; Ron Cobb's Semiotic Standard for all Commercial Trans-Stellar & Heavy Element Transport Craft artwork is wonderfully represented here.As for game play, I wondered why the developers included bullet weapons in Alien: Isolation.  You learn very quickly two things: 1) this game is ALL about stealth; and 2) if you want to die quickly, fire a gun.  There is no fighting or escaping the Xenomorph; if it hears you or sees you.... you are dead.  Considering the FPS style of this game, not being able to pummel your opponent with some bullet-hell is unnerving.  I felt real dread working my way through the levels."
,Recommended,214490,18721440,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,KOtyrant,"- Warning might contain SPOILERS -Hi, I'm KO. :)I'm not a big fan of horror games. Playing them all alone that is. I'm a big alien fan though and this looked really good so I picked it up.I wanted to get the full experience so I started the game on highest difficulty. Wasn't too hard as I completed it in ~ 30hrs.Neither am I amazing at games so anyone should be able to complete it.This game has an amazing atmosphere and really pulls you into the Alien Universe. It really is quite immersive and I really recommend this to fans of the Alien Franchise.Graphics are top notch and the gameplay is really smooth. Some puzzles might get a bit repetitive but are quite simple.Now as stated I don't really am one to play horror. However this game is scary in the way that something looks for you.- AT ALL TIMES -Still the game isn't really horror, even for me. The lifeless androids scared me more with their threats than the alien did with his loud thumping feet and 10+ different killing animations. After a bit they become ~meh and I was even trying to find different ways of dying/ finding all death animations.Anyways, I still think this game was great. I definitly rate it 8+ out of 10. It's fun addicting and worth picking up."
76561198043207820,Recommended,214490,18720523,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Cheese Underage Lover,The best Alien Expereince to date in Video Games.
,Recommended,214490,18720580,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,SonicWolf200,#1 Horror Game Ever 10 out of 10 would play again
,Recommended,214490,18720904,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,lil Gondwana freedom fighter,I played like a little bit of the game then i stopped and i had only just arrived in shivestapoop and yeah sure buy it game of the year
,Recommended,214490,18714255,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,C0n5p1racy,"Wow, its behind me. ;-;Try again.Oh look, saliva. where is it from? Oh yeah, the vent directly above me. NO, LETS JUST SIT HERE AND STARE AT IT.Try again.*takes hour break*IM IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!And thats basically the whole game."
,Recommended,214490,16969585,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,richrdliawjyn,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing insane. Trust me, you think its baking pie, but thisis basically shooting a toothpick in mid-air. Unless ur a ♥♥♥♥♥, this is the game thats gonna make ou a man. Its also the game of the year, too"
,Recommended,214490,16978270,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,5GUY,"I have a lot of things to say about this game but I really don't feel like typing it all out right now. I'm recommending it because there are a lot of great things about this game, even if there are also quite a few problems as well. If you are a fan of the Alien series (especially the first movie) pick this up. If you have a Xbox one or a PS4 I would recommend skipping the PC version due to the lack of updates."
,Recommended,214490,16847890,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Nuriot,"Damn! One of the best horror games ever! The sound, the atmospheric situation, the AI is too damn brilliant, the jumpscares and ofcourse the !@#$%^& ALIENS! 10/10 worth it! Can't wait for the sequel!"
76561198093666600,Recommended,214490,16848821,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,croft_,Creepy and scary as ♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,214490,16851418,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Crash Johnson,"I highly recommend this game. What stood out to me the most is that I didn't see the repeatitive copying of items, floor layouts, or cloned npc's (minus the robots). The station looked lived in. Each area felt unique and that it had a purpose or logic to it. Overall, the layout, the ambience, lighting, sounds and feel of the environment is the best I've ever seen in a sci-fi game.An add bonus for me was when I bought the game I had an ok/older graphics card (it was like a radeon 6670 2gb ddr3). The game still looked beautiful on low settings.The noise and sounds of the game... emerges you into the environment (recommend head phones for intensifying game experience). Sounds ranging from something metallic dropping in the distance and the droning hum of the station to the alien stalking you in the air vents.Gameplay: Its a stealth/survival type game. It has elements of crafting, some combat if you get caught, small puzzle/problem solving situations. The alien AI will adapt to your habits of hiding so don't always go for the wall locker or rolling cabinet. There is more than one path to get around obsticals undetected... which can make it easier to remain undetected but may be the end of you if you linger to long.Tip: USE THE LEAN ACTION! If your crouched behind an object you better be leaning against a wall or said object. Line of sight will get you 9 out of 10 but if your leaning you have an extremely higher chance of not being seen from peripheral vision.You have a few moments in the game where you can move about the station freely without stiring unwanted attention. Thankfully it isn't limited to the beginning of the game.Story: good story line. As far as I can tell, it keeps true to the movie and the world that was created by the movie. There are some parts (small parts) of the game towards the end that weren't realistic but its also a game and its fiction so... yeah. There is only one ending and its an open ended one... which is what you want to a good game so you can look forward to a sequel. IF they do... Which they should... Because I can't understand why they would not...Reading from interviews with developers, they are WANTING to do a sequal but no official yes.What was unexpected was that the jumpy parts of the game didn't involve the alien... I'll leave it at that.Rating this one 9 out 10."
,Recommended,214490,16851817,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Mealz,"Never played a aliens game before so did not know what to expect but this game was amazing great gameplay nice graphics, if you like to shoot and kill than this game probably not the best it's very stealthy and requires alot of sneaking..I found it very scary only complain is that the campaign is maybe a bit long and i found it to get a bit boring but it does stay intense throughout which keeps bringing you back from boredom.."
,Recommended,214490,13232512,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Ghosta,"After the Dissapointing Aliens: Colonial Marines, I saw Alien Isolation E3 GamePlay, It looked good and I hoped that Sega could do it, I had expectations of this game:-Optimization-Gameplay-AmbienceThose there were all furfilled, BUT the Gameplay and Ambience was teared a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, halfway through the game, as you get a get out of jail card, the flamethrower is op, Alien Comes, (Shshshshshshshsh) (BLALALALALAAAAAAA) Alien pisses off then you find more ammoSoon after you have 500 flamethrower fuel, thats not all you can carry MORE. Anyways, the game is good but it doesnot keep the horror for the whole game.7.5/10-Not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Port-Alien AI is amazing-Doesnot Keep Horror for whole game-Amazing Graphics"
76561198005413046,Recommended,214490,13232536,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Doug,"Choked by robots, shot by people, and eaten by aliens. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Gameplay is fun though."
,Recommended,214490,13232697,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Zoid berg,"Anyone else buy yhe season pass whenit was 1/2 off and not get it, only get option to request a refund? WTF?"
,Recommended,214490,13232846,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,BeeDee,"TLDRIt's a simplified System Shock in the Alien movie universe. If you like the movies buy it for sure, if you aren't a fan it still is a pretty fun game if you like sneaking around monsters.Pros:+The environment and visual design is very well done. Everything feels like it came straight out of the old movies, and people who liked the chunky old scifi style will adore seeing it in detail throughout the game.+The gameplay is fairly interesting and provides a decent challenge. Often you will have to make a hard choice between using a noisy or expensive way to get past an obstacle, or take more time and do it quietly. Many actions such as breaking open doors, rewiring rooms or hacking things take time and focus and you have to be damn sure it's safe.+The atmosphere is well done. The horror aspect is based around dread about the Alien, as it's appearances are (largely) unscripted and can happen based on your actions.Cons:-The pacing can be a bit too slow at times, causing you to go for long periods of nothing much happening.-Many important gameplay elements are not explained or demonstrated outside of random tooltips during loading screens. While it is nice to leave some parts of the game up for discovery it can be very frustrating when a small thing gets you killed, like using the motion tracker when a foe is nearby or not knowing you can hide under desks and beds that are lower than crouching height.Mixed:*You can fight and kill enemies. I thought it was sensible since you still aren't a one-woman-army and it is a big risk, but some might find it goes against the survival horror idea of the game.*Saving is only possible at level transitions and specific checkpoints mid-level, and takes time to do. While it certainly adds to the atmosphere and tension with the risk involved in saving your game or dying and having to go back to the last checkpoint, if you get stuck before a long segment it is very frustrating to redo the whole thing every time you screw up and die."
,Recommended,214490,12734910,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Codem4nZL1,"Simply put...bad♥♥♥♥♥!If you are a fan of the Aliens universe at all, then this is worth it for the atmosphere alone. If you don't like tension, this is definitely not for you.  I highly recommend playing in the dark, perhaps even after a drink or two ;) Not for the faint of heart however :pGraphics, gameplay, and story all deliver and exceeded my expectations as well.The biggest complaint I've heard is the Alien AI is ""too smart"" or too hard, blah blah blah.I have not found that to be the case. The game is certainly hard, but that's the whole point.Once you learn the basics, you should be fine, but expect to die from time to time.I'm about 1/2 way through the game and I've only died a couple of times and due to dumb mistakes on my part...but have had plenty of close calls.EDIT:Now that I've completed the game, I'm even more impressed with the story/atmosphere.  It took a little under 20 hours to complete, but it never felt dragged out.  Also, if you have a weak heart or high blood pressure, you might want to pass. Haha.I won't give any spoilers, but here is hoping for a DLC that ends the game...or an outright sequel!Will definately play through again..."
76561198105081979,Recommended,214490,13234633,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Killer Sam,So far alien isolation is one of the best games ive played in awhile.its very terrifing just to hear the aliens footsteps.this game is ment to be played on the hard difficulty for the full effect.as i progressed through the game i soon found out how challenging it can be to get from room to room alive and how scary it was not to get caught by the alien and die horrible painful death. This is a game you well not waste your money on if you play it right. thanks for reading my reviem-Chromanix
76561197965761746,Recommended,214490,13234804,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,TangledThorns,GOTY for me.
,Recommended,214490,13235588,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Scimitar,10/10 (Read the warning!)This is THE Alien game. No other game matches the tension and suspense of the movies. The story did tend to drag on a bit near the end but it leaves you on the edge of your seat wondering when it will really be over. One second you think youre making progress and then something comes along to ruin your day. The graphics are smooth and look straight out of the film. The androids are creepy and will persistantly hunt you down. Looters wont always attack giving you a chance to make a split second desicion to run or fight. The alien seems scripted at times but when its randomly stalking you in the vents or hallways its extremely unpredictable. I could go into all the details of what makes this game amazing (and frustrating at times) but its better experienced on your own. If you like the movies and want a true Alien experience you NEED to play this game.[WARNING] BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK! I may consider this game a 10/10 but there is a game breaking bug at the beginning where a door is locked when it shouldnt be. This makes it impossible to get through the first level. I had to delete my save manually and temporarily disable steam from syncing game saves in order to continue. Luckily its on the first part and after a few frustrating minutes you can fix it. I never had the same problem later in the game and you might not get it at all.
76561198012995083,Recommended,214490,13236244,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Pusalieth,"This game is awesome. I haven't played much of it yet, but this game is truly good. Its got great immersion into the game like Dead Space the original, but with a flavor of intelligence and strategy to beat the game. Make sure to play on hard, as the best games deserve to be played and enjoyed to the full potential, and this game suits that finely. The old tech, the lighting, the audio, the angles, everything makes it perfect. Really nice job guys. If anyone played the old Sega Genesis Alien game at 12 years old, and was terrified, but kinda liked it, this one is just as awesome."
76561197970214731,Recommended,214490,13238776,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jamesfle,"Awesome game, i dont write reviews normally, but this game is good if u are an Aliens film fan or not. From the beginning to end its heart pounding at places, with the Alien, Droids, Looters all going to kill u, hunting u... or being hunted themselves. So its up to u, what would u do... watch them die and take advantage to run, then hide or just hide under a table, in a locker, or half size tool cupboard and cower till its gone. Then its up to u again, listen for them, now what to do... run/walk/crouch and throw a distration maybe? A flare, flash, noise maker to name a couple.Now u get caught out, cant make it to somewhere... damn, here he comes ""Hiss!"" THUMP THUMP THUMP. That heart beating tense moment as u know ur about to die. Not to mention the cut-scenes that take u by suprise. Wont ruin those, but put ur head phones on, enjoy the atmosphere, the sounds from the films, etc.If u get time, look out the windows, some great made up space views even if u pass for a couple of seconds (if u like that kinda thing), not to mention when u walk outside the ship in EVA suits occasionally. Took me 47 hours start to finish, so much dieing, hiding, moveing slowly, running, saving and reloading. So much value for money in this game! Except the waits in the cupboards lol"
76561197966573552,Recommended,214490,13255749,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Spock RC,"The big negative in Isoloation is the stealth system.  It's very basic and can seem broken if you try to be clever.  The best example is where I would hide, very hiddenly, under a desk and was detected by a security camera.  Peeking around corners to stay undetected doesn't work.  I was inclined to play like The Dark Project in the beginning, before you're given the Motion Tracker, and would be immediately detected by angry humans.  There are also a good amount of animation glitches in the engine.But, Isolation is much more than a stealth game.  A lot is very aggressive gameplay, allowing you to utilze your weapons and equipment frequently.  Honestly, that worked much better and was more engaging.  I had the realization, while equiped with the flamethrower navigating darkly lite corridors, what this game was all about.  It's Alien franchise horror experience, and it feels like it.And for those feels, I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,13256411,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,AceOfAllTrades,Scary. Takes a while of stressful build up however.
,Recommended,214490,13209043,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Porkins,"I've played through the entire game, and toyed around briefly with some of the DLC.If you enjoy the Aliens series AND you like stealth games, this is an absolute must buy.If you enjoy the Aliens series OR you like stealth games, this is a good game that you should probably buy.If you do NOT enjoy the Aliens series AND do NOT enjoy stealth games, you may want to really research this before buying it.  The gameplay may not be for you, but you will still get a lot of enjoyment out of the atmosphere, visuals, and audio.This game is a very significant challenge and feels more like an Alien simulator than a game at times.  I played through on hard, and would describe it as pretty difficult.  I died a lot, but was rarely upset about it.  In general, it was all good fun.  You will die.  You will need to sneak in a massive way.Story -As an Alien fan, I appreciated the story.  The nostalgia was great.  8/10.Graphics -Looked a little questionable in points, but great overall.  Framerate was always high.  Lighting was great.  9/10.Sound -Easily the thing that stands out the most about this game in my mind.  I've never specifically paid high levels of attention to sound, but this game got it right.  The only things I'd dock points for are 1) The music can be a little loud compared to SFX at times (this is adjustable).  2)  The music usually fit the situation, but sometimes it didn't in my playthrough.  9/10.Gameplay -For me 9/10, but I'm basically the kind of person this game was made for.  I would expect most people who already had an interest in the game to get about a 7/10's worth out of it at least.What I liked most :  It's a good Aliens game that is very intense.What I liked least :  While the Alien is really well done, I think there was still room for improvement.  I definitely wouldn't call this game buggy or glitchy, but his movements were ocasionally a little bizarre.  I'd liked to have seen a little more crawling."
76561198027819019,Recommended,214490,13209057,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dr. Panda,I love this game!! I love the attention to detail and the fact that they stayed true to the Alien series. It forces you to do things that you don't want to do and it makes you feel the true meaning of dread. Also my jimmies were severly rustled by the alien...multiple times....when I mean jimmies I mean my guts...:3
,Recommended,214490,13211850,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,traFFik_kht,n1
76561197971585409,Recommended,214490,13212045,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Panthers187,"This is the best survival Horror game ive played in years  the atmosphere is awesome you forever feel like the alien is watching you or following you ,be prepared because it can be very tense at times 10/10 and it's about time the Alien franchise got a game worthy of its name ."
76561198062044740,Recommended,214490,13248917,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,awhwth,This game played with my heart at so many times. I can honestly say not too many games have done that for me. Would fully recommending this game to others looking for a science fiction/horror!
76561198083956977,Recommended,214490,13250169,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Euler,"This is a very authentic game. It is a very scary game and the aliens, combined with the fact that ammo is scarce, makes it more appropriate to hide than scare away a given alien; besides you need the ammo for other stuff. The first encounter with the alien was so scary that I almost gave up playing the game. I am now grateful that I did complete the game, since there was more to the game than just hiding from the aliens. Luckily there are periods in the game that are less scary. I found this game to be balanced nicely between ""very scary"" and ""dark action space adventure"".The storyline is convincing. The minigames/hacking is a nice touch along with the scavenging for supplies to build various stuff. The audio engineering in this game is amazing. The sound effects (pushing buttons, pulling levers, being in a space suit etc), music and voice acting definately gave me a feeling of being in the alien universe from 1979."
,Recommended,214490,13250372,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,SpookyKid94,"If you're a fan of the original film, just buy it. As you burst into tears when you first encounter the Xenomorph, and you will know that your purchase was worth every penny.The game bleeds fan service from every pore, the atmosphere of the station is like no other, it's scary as all hell, the lighting is probably the best I've seen up to this point, I could go on for days.The only issue I have had with the game is that it seems to have a bit of an identity crisis. I played several hours on medium difficulty and didn't have an issue with it until the Xeno showed up, the game got challenging and I found myself less scared of the monster and more irritated with it killing me. I think I died 3 times before dropping the difficulty becuase I wanted to still be scared. It's like the game succeeds as a difficult stealth game, but the horror aspects go right out the window as the difficulty increases.I'd recommend this to fans of the franchise as well as people who enjoy the modern survival horror fps genre."
76561198075543983,Recommended,214490,13252135,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ionut,Excellent !
,Recommended,214490,18136439,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Kanten,Best survival horror in years.
76561198043406781,Recommended,214490,18137795,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Baron,"I waited quite a long time to get this game and it was worth it. I'm too scared to play it most of the time but that doesn't change the fact that it is excellent. Not only is the game a faithful addition to Alien lore that fills a gap between ""Alien"" and ""Aliens,"" but it plays well too. This game would stand in isolation to the rest of the franchise as a competent survival horror.The sound is fantasticThe visuals are fantasticThe atmosphere is fantasticThe design is fantasticMy only complaint would be that I regularly felt like I didn't know what I was supposed to be doing. At one point it asked me to find a fictional devise as though I knew what it looked like and where I would find it. This was infuriating. Fortunately, it has only happened once. You could say that feeling lost and alone would be appropriate for the genre and especially this game in particular but, at times, it took it a little bit too far.One last huge praise which may not bother most people:It's fantastically optimised. It runs at 60fps SOLIDLY. I've never seen a drop outside of recording with FRAPS. Even when I am recording, it starts at 40fps and immediately climbs to 60.This Game even runs well on my friend’s pile of sh*t laptop."
76561198005192304,Recommended,214490,18139164,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Jean Jouall,"Just finished the game, have the credits rolling, and i'm still scared..."
76561198044705202,Recommended,214490,18155029,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,highoffscience,Stealth and cleverness is everything in this game.  But unlike most stealth games the crushing atmosphere of insecurity makes you a bit more invested in what you are doing.  Also aliens.
,Recommended,214490,18097773,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Pђiđ,"The most scary game I ever played!!If you are an Alien fan, you should definitely get it, it's the best Alien game so far.Not recommended for people that don't like to experiment a lot of tension in the whole game."
76561197970823293,Recommended,214490,18092923,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Samuel Jackson,Too scary to play alone! Thats a huge compliment from someone who loves horror!
76561198191413065,Recommended,214490,30534188,Posted: 15 March,all,TajD14,"This was made in 2014 but the graphics are AMAZING, the story is great and the alien is horrifying. I definitly recomend it. Even if it costs $35, I think it is worth it. This is my faveroute game on steam."
76561197963392564,Recommended,214490,18149772,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Echo Niner,"Until you play this game, you don't know what fear is.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,13628078,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mynameisrogernow,"YUUUUZ! Soo good. Very scary, The story is the same ""hey everyone i just had a really dumb ♥♥♥♥ing idea, lets catch it huur hurr"". It doesn't matter, i was paying a total of 0% of my attention on what was going on. It was me, and the alien. I was scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and it was hunting. For hours, it stalked me throughout the ship. At one point it helped to clear a room full of people for me. Then I stuck my flame thrower up its♥♥♥♥♥ and trekked on. This game was a physical and emotional journey. Buy it. Now"
76561197988463068,Recommended,214490,13629542,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,[Blur]SpaDetective,Played this for a few hours now and its great. awesome atmosphere! i got it at 50% off but would say its worth even the 25% off right now.Was very skeptical at first but once you start playing. you wont be disappointed
,Recommended,214490,13630358,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,johnJG421,5spooky6me
76561197970809887,Not Recommended,214490,13621616,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,holger.linge,"Plot stopper after 5 minutes in the game. Woke up, dressed, spoke to some guy,  Send me to Taylor. Door ist  blocked, won't open. Full-Price-Crap!"
76561198048096457,Recommended,214490,13621656,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Andrewlol,"This game makes you crawl like a goddamn worm, in constant fear of being squashed , its like a constant chill running through your spine and you love to feel it i even named the alien as Bob cause i was feeling connected to it good old case of stockholme sndryome ;p , also the game runs smooth as butter constant 60 fps through all game so its most def a buy game in ma book. 9/10 overall"
76561198108329677,Recommended,214490,13622070,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Doc Hamme,"Alien: Isolation is a terrifying, thrilling, hugely satisfying experience that after just about 8 hours has me shaking so badly I almost don't want to play it. It's nailbiting in its atmosphere, sickening in its imagery, claustrophobic in its design and you should absolutely play it."
,Recommended,214490,13622541,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,dookadoo,I've never wet myself this much in a short ammount of time. 10/10 Game of the year
,Not Recommended,214490,13623811,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,daMortarMerrier,"Ugh, another game with over-hyped or purchased reviews. i've spent about 2 hours not having any fun playing this. It's pure stealth only slightly less 'on rails' than Dead Space which plays MUCH more fun. crafting system is an afterthought. quests are tedious and very 'sneak here. doh. run back.' repeat ad wa$teum."
76561197984567272,Recommended,214490,13623889,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ByronBag,"Finally we have a worthy sequel to Alien.  I didn’t realize fear came in flavors or had memory, but never had I sensed anything like the same dark paralyzing dread, since watching Alien for the first time almost 30 years ago.At first the graphics and atmosphere of the game were amazing but the start seemed a bit boring and predictable. Then I started going in to the VENTS!! Its detail is so good it’s literally like being there, and they nailed the film down to the smallest detail. There is also only ONE alien and it’s terrifying.One of the reason the game is so scary is they have used cutting edge new AI technology for the Alien. It hides in the vents, behind doors, tricks you, thinks ahead of you. Couple this AI with an exact look and feel of the first film and you have one of the most terrifying game experience of your life.Now having said all this I almost gave the film a thumbs down, the first third of the game is brilliant, but then it gets WAY to repetitive.  The space station must have been built by a Mr Bean, no sooner have you turned on a generator something else fails that you then have to fix. Its ok for this to happen one time but after the 200th time you activate a door or a power supplier only to for it to fail and then go down the same corridors another 200th times to activate another switch, it gets a bit boring.This game should have been 30% shorter, as it just becomes repetitive, I liked the save features, it’s does add to the tension but parts of the game are too hard. Overall a statisfying experience for an Alien fan but the final act seriously lets the game down with one of the worse final acts I seen in a video game. But even with all its faults it so well put together it’s still worth it for an Alien fan."
76561198081820823,Recommended,214490,13624041,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,irfanraja2008,"A truly chilling, tense, nerve flaying journey.The atmosphere is thick with menace and the isolation itself is palpable.  This is one long journey into an abyss which  you cant wait to be over and at the same time you dont want it to end.  The game left such a lasting impression on me that I brought the movie Alien on DVD the following day I completed it which got me back into the Aliens ""world"" in general i.e. I purchased the lacklustre albeit fun Colonial Marines and AvP.  From watching Ridley Scotts classic - this game is an INCREDIBLE homage to the movies, from the white corridor doors, the music and even the way the vents twist like circular blades when opening.The atmosphere is so punishing I can rememeber running to the lift in Seegson Communications on my second playthrough and feeling an odd sensation in my mouth - it had gone dry from anxiety. Thats the physical effect it left on my body along with sweaty palms, face and an increased heartrate.  Never in gaming history will you feel so ♥♥♥♥ING relieved to find a telephone booth to save your game - the sense of achievement is on par with completing your driving test or some other rotten exam.ProsChilling atmosphere via lighting, ambience and moodSuper menacing opponents i.e. synthetic androids and paranoid humans.  The android white eyes will haunt you.Long playthroughOh yes... the quite simply indescribable alien in all its feral magnificence. You will both admire and loath its purity....Almost perfect homage to the source materialConsAI let down at timesSome long moments between save pointsIndeed the game does go on a little towards the end including an odd moment at the denoument. It includes a ""sticky situation""A magnificent, bone chilling, emotionally exhausting journey..."
,Recommended,214490,13613332,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ThisSplitLip,"Game is creepy as hell.  Other than some minor AA issues with this game, I really have no complaints so far.  Captures the look and feel in the 1979 classic perfectly."
,Recommended,214490,13650493,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Baby Cakes Society.gg,Flames OP 10/10
76561198030198833,Recommended,214490,20666013,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,eatyourdinner,"If you want to run and shoot, this is not the game for you. Sneak, creep, and hide your way though high tension, spooky levels filled with all the creepy atmosphere you can stand. Just the sound design can give you panic attacks. I admit I am the type that gets easily drawn in and creeped out, and this game has really put me through the wringer."
,Recommended,214490,20641897,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Rodrigo,O jogo é impressionante. Você se sente dentro da nave mesmo. Tem que ter nervos de aço porque ele é realmente assustador. Vale muito a pena para qualquer fan da franquia Alien.
,Not Recommended,214490,20628474,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,ifdattic,"At first was happy with the game, good atmosphere and interested and in the story. After taking a break for a week noticed how boring it actually is. It gives a few moments where your heart skips a beat, but somehow it just feels artificial and would actually be happier with taking a cheap jump scare. It becomes very boring as most of the time you spend looking in motion detectors waiting for 30 second period where you can do something and then spending another 5 minutes waiting doing nothing. Also, the idea of the game is to stay quiet, but when trying to hide in a cabinet you would think that your life dependend on how much noice you will (you don't bang metal things with all your strenght if you're trying to stay quiet)."
76561198052489674,Recommended,214490,21296543,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,r9guy,I don't play it anymore!!-why?Because i'm scared all the time i do.
76561197979960427,Recommended,214490,30615211,Posted: 19 March,all,Shredder,"A good game, I wish you could kill the alien. Running and hiding is hard when you have a shotgun and flamethrower and other cool stuff. I rate it an 79"
,Recommended,214490,18754840,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Quothor (has a son),"I had a good time with this game.  The concept is actually very cool, but the game seems to start dragging on.  I wasn't able to make it through the whole game sadly, as it started to feel tedious.  the atomsphere definately gets a 10/10 however.  It really feels like you are in the first movie and there is real tension.  If you like horror games I would definately pick this game up on a sale.  Not being an avid horror fan, I still enjoyed the game butit was a bit too long for my taste."
76561198042056739,Recommended,214490,19199758,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Archie Woodbine,"A must for fans of the film: this game perfectly recreates both the environment and suspense from the first Alien film. Even if you're not into the series, this game will absorb you and have you on the edge of the seat the whole time. Some parts are so thrillingly stressfull and tense that I could only play for an hour at a time!I'd recommend having it on 'hard' difficulty, being up against nearly un-stoppable foes really adds to the immersion and makes completing the game even more gratifying."
,Recommended,214490,16704428,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[AE]Captain CryWank,You start the game without pants.
,Recommended,214490,19246184,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,SpwnMoarOverlrds,Alien Isolation > Colonial Marines
,Recommended,214490,16267580,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,artistcaleb,"Absolutely amazing, massively scary.Tips (not in order):1. Stay down.2. No place is safe but hiding under things is sometimes better than lockers.3. Keep your health up, always.4. Never camp, keep moving.5. Use all available inventory slots even if you cannot craft the item.6. If you attempt to bribe the alien, use other humans, it will not accept cash."
76561198063082788,Not Recommended,214490,18740088,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,oz2500000,not working on my mac help
76561198129000361,Recommended,214490,15287302,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,DUCKMAN,alien isolation is one of the best alien games ever and one of the best survival horror games ever if your a lien fan OR a survival horror fan this is your game 9.5/10
,Recommended,214490,18380984,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,ultimojones,"A near-perfect survival horror and the ""Alien"" game experience we've always wanted.Having just finished this I feel more like I survived a harrowing ordeal than playing a game. The gameplay maintained a consistent balance throughout of making you feel incredibly vulnerable while having just enough options and resources to manage a way through. The graphics were generally outstanding, and at times amazing, with the details of the environments pulling you into the world.If you are a fan of survival horror games then this is a must play. If not, but you are a fan of the movies, then you should check this out but be warned - it's pretty intense."
,Recommended,214490,18378846,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,シ Dawn of the Dunk ツ,"[Post-Release Review]:DLC is not a factor of this review.[Preamble]:Alien: Isolation is a first-person horror game in which you play as Amanda Ripley, the daughter of the movie-based Ellen Ripley. It's a first-person horror/action game, where you must evade and defeat aliens, androids, and other survivors aboard the Sevastopol Space Station. Alien: Isolation heavily favors evasion and tactics over full-on assaults, and includes light crafting elements (pick up 2 things, click a button, combine the things, get a new thing),  sneaking and hiding, and a terrifying alien that stalks you throughout the game. Amanda can sneak through vents, hide under tables and desks, and eventually craft more powerful tools in order to survive. Your trusty (and limited!) motion tracker will become a part of you, or you can risk not making noise and relying on sight and sound to make your way from one hiding spot to the next. You can also hack into terminals, or use a blowtorch to open up new paths.[Plot (No spoilers)]:You play as Amanda Ripley. Amanda receives word that the Nostromo's (the ship that vanished with her mother) flight recorder has been found. After being convinced to join the Weyland-Yutani corporation's mission to retrieve the flight recorder from a distant space station, Sevastopol, she sets off to find out what happened to her mother. Unfortunately, more than just a flight recorder awaits her on Sevastopol...[Pros]:+ The Alien enemy borders on flawless. It's one of the most terrifying and powerful creatures to ever grace video games, and it's in its prime here.+ Stays true to the films. Dialogue, visuals, and sound all sound wildly familiar to any fans of the movies, and anyone unfamiliar will find the world unique and full of style.+ The audio is out of this world. Seriously. Turn off your lights, put on your most expensive headphones, and get ready to be blown away by how thrilling this game sounds.+ Visuals are all top notch. Lighting is beautiful, graphics are stellar, and anyone with a solid rig can enjoy it to its fullest.+ An engaging story. Dialogue is phenomenal, and unless you run through games with a wall up over your emotions you'll find that characters all have their own distinct personalities. There are numerous references, and connections, to the Alien movies[Middle Ground]:+/- The Alien cannot be killed. Some players may find an unkillable stalker off-putting.+/- Theflamethrowercompletely changes how the game is played. Once you get it, you have a solid option of running around “guns blazing” for the rest of the game, as long as you craft ammo for it. Some players might feel overpowered after having no choice but to be cautious.+/- Horror movie cliches. You either love them or hate them, and Alien: Isolation has its fair share – especially if you've seen the movies.+/- The save-system isn't what people are used to. You need to find punch-card stations placed in specific points of the station.[Cons]:- The Alien is either the best or worst part of the game. You'll definitely experience some, “How did it see me?!” moments, and sometimes the AI gets a little bugged out going in and out of vents.- It's possible, although extremely rare, to suffer a death-by-save. The game is specifically designed to keep the alien from doing this, but in a perfect disaster, it's possible to save while the alien is close-by.- Once you master the games mechanics, it can be too easy. Even on higher difficulties (resulting in less supplies and quicker detection by enemies) this may persist. Varies on gamer experience, naturally.[Afterword]:I cannot stress how fun this game is. Anyone who like having their pants scared off will have trouble putting this game down. It's even more fun with a group, because everyone will hear you scream and join in (unless you're all stone-cold). I was on the edge of my seat 99% of the time, even after I got the hang of evasion. Only real life disaster has captured fear, apprehension, and tension building like Alien: Isolation, for me anyway. Very few games make me feel this way (Outlast being the only other game to do so), and I was pleasantly surprised and terrified in equal measure.[Verdict]:Highly recommended. Get it for full price if you want to support the developers (hint: you should), and if it's on sale you are obligated as a gamer to pick it up. You won't regret it unless you hate horror games or screaming and waking up your neighbors/family. I cannot speak for the DLC as I have none of it, but the base game is more than worth it."
76561198036209246,Recommended,214490,18596054,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,psycho-delic relic +.+,Is there a reason that I bought the season pass but did not receive Last Survivor or Crew Expendable? I got the other dlc's but not those 2. Do they not come with the season pass?
76561198073252697,Recommended,214490,15695936,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BabyFace,I feel so conflicted. I love everything about this game but i ♥♥♥♥ing hate playing it because of how god damn terrifying it is when you encounter the alien. Still havent finished it because I'm waiting til i have the house to myself so no one comes knocking when they hear a girlish shreak.
76561198023645256,Recommended,214490,15701280,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Prawnkus,Tense and atmospheric. The Alien game we needed!
,Recommended,214490,15622817,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,General Kass,"I really liked Alien: Isolation, for the first 6 hours. It had the atmosphere and a certain feel to it, even if it never approached being scary. However, a little more than half way through the game, a thing happens that totally changes the tone and the goal of the game. At this point, the ""spooky"" direction the story was heading in was all to clear and I was proven right when after a few levels, the game returns to its original tone in a move that makes little sense even within the universe and there are new additions that only exist to frustrate.A big problem with the game is just how much backtracking there is. There's one portion of the game, where you enter a room, which has a usable object you clearly need to go back for, then go across the hall (dodging the alien the whole time), just so you can go back to the room and then back across the hall. If anything, Alien: Isolation's biggest problem is that it is not scary, but frustrating. There was one section of the game, where you open a door and if you're not ready, you can get automatically killed over and over; sometimes by fault of the physics engine and not your own.The reason the Alien in this game was never scary is simple. It has 3 modes of attack.1. Hiding in the vents, waiting for you to walk under it or waiting for a gun to fire so it can come out.2. Is leashed to you, has to be within a certain distance, and appears through no fault of your own because of a scripted scene to ""raise tensions"".3. ""I'm going to kill you mode"". This is by far the worst of the 3 modes because it practically throws a stealth based survival horror attempt out the window as you pass silently through each room, only for the Alien to pop in and screw around for a bit. There was one moment half way through the game, where I just watched the Alien stumble about the room (unable to find me) for 15 minutes. Because it was leashed to me, the AI knew I was in the room, but it never came close to catching me. This is not scary and all you can do in these moments is just wait for it to go away, just so it can reappear out of the same vent less than a minute later. There is no skill involved in avoiding it and it just turns into a frustrating mess.If the Alien crawled on the ceiling or over cover, it would have been scary as you would be forced to change positions and hide under things, rather than just walk in circles around a chest high wall. However, the team involved wanted to keep the game as close to the original movie as possible and in doing so broke some well established canon.The only other problem with the game is that the campaign is far too long and isn't remotley fulfilling. You never feel like you're making progress because the game never gives you a sense of achievement. Every time you sucessfully do something, there is no reward. Its especially frustrating when most missions is designed like God of War or Bioshock, in that it should be a linear corridor, but you need to go on a fetch quest through a long series of rooms just to open the door."
76561197970702588,Recommended,214490,15625276,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,RogueJedi,"Outstanding game!The atmosphere is fantastic and I actually found myself dreading an encounter with the Alien.All good fun though, now that I've been killed a few times. Still hate when he gets me, though :-)I'm about halfway finished now but in no hurry to complete it. I'm viewing the game as an Alien sequel."
76561198016683585,Recommended,214490,15626827,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,wim_vg,"Compelling gameplay, great sounds and effects and great graphics, which actually run pretty fine on my mid-age computer so far.Really enjoying it!"
76561198135341147,Recommended,214490,15609472,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Prolapsed Cuck,"I loved this game, ambiguous ending, but a must play."
76561197993545673,Recommended,214490,15644215,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Gilgamesh,"I love the Alien universe, and this does not disappoint.It's atmospheric, dark, and scarey as hell. I was a little surprised I was so taken with this, I'm more of a full-on FPS nut, than a sneak about type, but it's very entertaining and compelling.One downside - a couple of times I've been playing this game I've had problems with memory leakage; all 16GB of RAM! Still trying to get to the bottom of that one, but it is documented on the forums. Hopefully, an upcoming patch will fix this."
76561197968181114,Recommended,214490,15648850,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,skinny,"less scary as your weapons improve, but I guess you could always leave the flamethrower behind..."
,Recommended,214490,15618235,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,jonah101smith,You know that when you get constant fear boners from a game that it is a very good and scary one.
76561198113596493,Recommended,214490,15689667,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Brian Gildea,Great game and one of the best ai ever played. Now moving onto Project Cars as tired of the killing :-)
76561198063140315,Recommended,214490,15715090,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,youwantmoore24,"Creative Assembly has finally given us the Alien game we have deserved for so long. If my roommates annoyance at my screams of terror are any indication, this game was fully immersed me in the way it was intended. Aesthetically, Alien: Isolation is one of the most beautiful games I have ever experienced, and possibly the most faithful in terms of franchise adaptations. Gameplay wise, I ran into no bugs, although I did have to turn down the difficulty after running up against a near three hour roadblock. It's a true survival horror simulator in every sense of the word, and I have never felt terror like this in any entertainment medium. Story wise, the voice acting and plot complexity could've used a bit of work, as the simplicity of the plot did not justify, in my opinion, the overly long story. Overall, Alien: Isolation is the best video game adaptation of a film franchise I have ever played, and one of the most unique and exciting cinematic gameplay experiences I have ever had."
,Recommended,214490,15716534,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Chris,"Great atmosphere, scary as hell. I'm not ashamed to admit I had to play through it on easy. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,15718176,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,_________,>.< $50 for a graphics card too
,Not Recommended,214490,15732398,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Fat Operator,"Captures the aesthetic of the first movie incredibly well, but falls flat when the primary threat becomes a new, incredibly slow and not-scary monster force. It doesn't help that the aliens are not killable and the marine assault rifles make no appearance. And nobody says game over, man."
76561198121580129,Recommended,214490,15860327,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,WAR/PAINT/SLIM,Stop reading this and go play it! looks absolutely gorgeous on ultra settings 10/10 would get eviscerated by a xenomorph again!
,Recommended,214490,15878321,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,SoraniL,So scared that half my playtime is cowering in fear from the black ♥♥♥♥er.-Too of the bf to finish/10Would play again
,Recommended,214490,15651861,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Wuraka,This is by far the best game I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,214490,15656431,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Tacti-Cool,"If you enjoyed watching any of the Aliens movies, you NEED to play this game! Its just like the movies!12/10 would get rekt by alien again"
76561197968593124,Recommended,214490,14067084,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,mister_geasy,"Great, absolutely great! 'nuff said!"
76561198073868397,Recommended,214490,14067131,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Erik,"Spoiler FREE review incomingBrilliant game. Unlike some games *coff* outlast *coff coff*, this game doesn't rely on jump scares. Its the atmosphere and the monster itself that makes you pee your pants.A lot of people seem to think the game was a bit long, but really that differs from person to person. I have almost completed it, and I have yet to say ""When the ♥♥♥♥ is this game over"".Anyway, go buy this game when it gets cheaper or gets on sale 'cause its ♥♥♥♥in amazing :)"
76561198140901482,Recommended,214490,14069256,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,9000 Geese,"possibly the most thrilling game ive ener played,you genuinly feel like amanda. 10/10"
76561198009328349,Not Recommended,214490,13977545,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sara Dr In Te House,"I hate game breaking bugs.  There can be a game breaking bug at beginning of game.  A door may be locked and unpassible which prevents you from speaking to Taylor who you need to speak to complete the first mission.  Searching the forums turns up others also have run into bug.  Some could and others couldn't bypass.  After several attempts to work around bug, I gave up.  Seriously a game breaking bug 5 minutes into game."
76561198085313333,Recommended,214490,13541941,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kilahakan,"Corner of room/ turn ALL lights off/ and keep defib machine close. AND, make sure no slapper is home!, the amount of times I have been in this intense showdown with Alien and some♥♥♥♥♥♥jumps me from behind!. Just some precautions I recommend.That first elevator you gotta activate... ♥♥♥♥!.my!.dog!!!. That ♥♥♥♥♥ moved me so fast out the chair. I did not play anymore that night.Also it takes me about an hour to cross any hallway, or get to one side of a room, as I must make sure it is safe."
76561198030094181,Recommended,214490,13542533,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lightside,"Recommended for fans of the franchise and survival horror in general. Those that are easily stressed or scared might want to pass since the game gets very nerve-racking and tedious at points. The Alien is just relentless and the AI is brutal. This is great for us who enjoy a challenge but it does get quite dull by the end due to trial and error. I actually had more fun going up against the androids than the Alien. Flamethrower definitely helps a lot. As others have mentioned, it is also very padded with sections that I felt didn't even need to be in the game. So it goes on and on. That being said, it's a lot of bang for the buck and very faithful to the first Alien movie with some steller level design for the first 10 missions (some felt rushed). Not forgetting the amazing sound design (especially the androids) with the familiar music score. Quite simply the best game the franchise has ever recieved. I'd give it game of the year just for that very reason. Now let's hope the sequel brings the Queen along with some confined outdoor environments! LV-426 please."
,Recommended,214490,13543409,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Tolltaker (DM),"I really enjoyed playing this game.  There is about 23 hours of content here not counting the DLC that has been released, and I found that it never got old.  The gameplay is always kept fresh as new mechanics are added and taken away, and as you adapt to these changes to survive.  As a massive fan of the original Alien movie, I was thrilled to find how terrifying and powerful the Xenomorph felt, as well as the beutiful realiazation of the space station.  I had an absolute blast with this game, and would recommend it to anybody looking for a fresh take on survival horror, or who are fans of the film.I loved this game and will be replaying it soon.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,13544047,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,samglo93,"Terrifying but Terrific. This game should of been a movie, the game is set between the first two films as you play as Ripley’s daughter. The attention to detail is truly amazing, this is not the future as you predict it this is the future imagined by Ridley Scott in the first alien film. I highly recommend this game to any fan of the alien franchise, as well as any fan of the Survival Horror game.Pros:- Aesthetically Pleasing.- Good Use of Lighting.- Decent Graphics.- Good use of Sound.- Can truly insight fear in you.- Survival Mode is fun.Cons:- NPC's are a little blunt and can be disappointing.- A few Noticeable glitches (My Primary one was the Sound been out of Sync, a Little Annoying).There is a reason this game will win lots of game of the year awards, I highly recommend this as an addition to everyone’s game libraries."
,Recommended,214490,13545479,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Burga Galti,"So, first of all I'm going to preface this review by saying I'm a massive fan of the Alien franchise.  As soon as I heard about this game I was excited, but also wary.  There have been failures before (Colonial Marines) and games which pandered too much to consoles (the newest Alien vs Predator).I wasn't disappointed with this though.  The game aims to replicate the terror aspect of the first Alien film (distinct from horror which is all too easy to reproduce).  I'm happy to say it was a complete success.I played the game through on the Hard setting and the Alien's responses were akin to what I would expect.  Some of the best moments I had were creeping around the medical center with the alien hunting me down.  I spent my time here dodging from room to room and hiding under desks with the motion tracker out.  I spent a lot of time watching the vents in the roof to look for the Alien's saliva dripping down.  There were also a moment which vividly sticks in my mind of hiding in a locker while the Alien stalked outside before finally locating me and tearing the door open.It's also the first game to repeat the moment from Rebellion's first PC AvP game when the distinctive sound of a face hugger starts.  In the dark.  The motion tracker beeps and the flame thrower is out of fuel.  Yes, I jumped when it landed on my face just like last time.  Only this time it set of a chain reaction where my jumping scared our guinea pigs, which caused the dog to bolt out of the room and in turn my wife was startled.The synthetics in the story are suitably menacing and, though slow, are deadly if ignored.  The dilemma is that you can shoot them down, but this attracts the Alien.  Play it right though and this same mechanic can be used to help dispatch some human problems...The story is solid and the game manages to maintain it the whole way through.  I didn't feel forced at any point for me, which is an improvement on some of the other alien games.  It was respectful to the franchise and didn't mess with it.  I was also suprised to find the plot of the game referenced in one of the recent Alien novels.Long story short, if you're a fan of the franchise you'll love this game.  Just don't go into it expecting to be able to play it like an FPS."
76561198097168200,Recommended,214490,13551418,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Jesh,"Best Game Ever Really good experience to have. Androids,Killers,Survival, and the main ingridiant ALIENS GET IT NOW BeFOReE IT GOES OFF SALE"
76561198028861440,Recommended,214490,13554696,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Poop_Zombie,Just as good as the movies!
,Recommended,214490,13287435,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,[THEM] MENTOR,"Alien: Isolation is an odd game. The team at The Creative Assembly built what is probably the most-immersive atmosphere I've seen in a game. It captures, perfectly, the retro 1970s futurism in the original film. CRTs, clunky mechanical keyboards, and plastic greeble abound. And in this world you've got posters, scrawlings, decals, terminals, audio logs, and all manner of things to catch your eye and draw your attention. The lighting, sound design, and level construction are masterfully done and, for about 98% of the game, they remain consistently good and interesting - the entire station rarely loses its sense of menacing claustrophobia and inescapability.All of that, however, is ruined by the game's single weakest element: the Xenomorph. The alien is, functionally, a mobile Game Over trigger. You have no means of defeating it and, at your best, are only capable of warding it off; even then only for three to ten seconds. So what happens when the alien shows up? You hide. You hide and you wait. Then, once he gets bored and buggers off back into the vents, you can resume the game. This is novel for the first half-dozen times you encounter it, but the gimmick overstays its welcome in short order. This reaches its zenith of irritation and absurdity when you get to segments wherein the alien is set to patrol an area as if it was a security guard. It's ridiculous and slows the game to a crawl. But the alien isn't the only threat on the station, which leads me to the best part of the game:The (horrifying) synthetics! Combined with the retro-futurism, the synthetics really make the game feel like you got an advance copy of Routine. They're scary from the moment you see them and the fear factor only ramps up as the game goes on. They make the game enjoyable. They're a threat you can usually ignore, but it's immensely satisfying to overwhelm them once you get some firepower. They also have wonderful dialog.The story is generally ok, but the lengths to which they force Ripley to go get sillier as the game goes on. (Especially at the end.) The voice acting is also acceptable.In short, if you download a mod to disable the alien, the game's quality will improve significantly. Otherwise, play it on easy just so you don't have to put up with its irritating nonsense.Completion time will be north of 15 hours, which makes it a fair purchase at $40 or so."
76561198006053577,Recommended,214490,13556289,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,meezaflo,"Great game.I am not the biggest fan of the Alien movies however this game really gripped me. It is a single-player survival horror game that excellently captures the feeling of being isolated.I did not think this game was the scariest game I have ever played. However there are moments that are incredibly tense, like when the Alien walks in front of you while you're in a locker and then turns away just as you think its spotted you. Although running and hiding from the Alien is the pivotal mechanism in this game, it does not become boring as there are many other enemies on the ship and you can deal with them in different ways.Stealth in this game does not mean hiding behind an object, it means moving outside the enemies line of sight. Sometimes you may have to gamble and hope for the best. This type of stealth makes you fear what is around every corner, especially since the Alien does not have a set path.Graphics are fantastic and can evoke a sense of astonishment when you look outside the ship and see the vast space that lies around you. These moments can make you forget about the Alien. The Alien is bloody scary though.Some negatives during my experience with the game. Playing on Hard is more annoying than challenging, I may be playing wrong but sometimes I felt as if the Alien didn't give me a chance to move - I left the locker then got back in the locker and repeated this process for a few minutes. I adjusted it to normal after a few chapters and my enjoyment increased greatly. Also the save system is not the best, I get what they are trying to accomplish but sometimes I found myself focusing too much on getting to a save point rather than exploring the environment around me.Overall, this game is a great, refreshing and terrifying experience."
76561197960421816,Recommended,214490,12417062,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Takarii,"I've spent a good number of hours playing this game now and can safely say it is the best alien game released since the pant wetting experience the original AvP game arrived.While a little slow at times, you really get a good feel of stalked constantly by the alien. The non scripted movement patterns keep you on your toes and the inability to kill it keeps you nervous at all times. Story is a little lacking, but that is understandable due to the fact the majority of the game is you wandering alone.Save points are nicely placed throughout the game. If they were as close together as they are here on other games, you might ask why there wasn't just a save option built in - You would be wrong to ask that. Points might be 15 meters apart, but the TIME it takes to move between them is substantially longer than that of your average game. Several times I have been pinned down by the alien in the same area because it kept hearing noise and investigating. Truely pant wetting moments can be had, stuffed inside a locker, praying that the alien doenst open it and rip you out.The crafting system is nicely done, universal parts placed in devices to build tools and weapons - though i must ask why a molotov cocktail requires a sensor module. The important thing to note is that you should never leave materials behind if you can avoid it - better to craft something and have it than leave things behind and wish you hadn't.Start of the game is a little slow - its fairly obvious that you are safe from the alien until it pops out for the first time in predictable game fashion, though it does allow you the opportunity to get to grips with some of the other aspects first.Pro's+Good scare factor and tense moments - lets you really feel its a survival game+Good range of items that can be cobbled together+Graphics are stunning+Sound is fantastically done - the thuds and bumps from the alien keep you tense+The alienCons-Sometimes feels a little slow, especially when being trapped by the alien-Androids are just generally irritating.-Backpack for some components could be largerOverall, a fantastic addition to the alien franchise that really delivers the experience that ridley scott envisioned and gave us with the first alien film. You truely feel like you are alone and your character knows this too. Creative Assembly deserve a round of applause.Now.... I must change my underwear for the next encounter...."
,Recommended,214490,12417141,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Duck Norris,"Amazing graphics, and insanely scary."
76561197975001601,Recommended,214490,12417614,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Scroto Baggins,"If you're a fan of the alien movies you will love this game. They nailed the atmosphere and the story is so good, worthy of being added to the official cannon."
76561197999018961,Recommended,214490,12417851,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Objection,"Dark, isolated and running in fear: this is Alien Isolation. As they say, Giger's monster finally gets the treatment is has so painfully needed since it's inception in 1979. While the vast majority of the Alien/s series of games have been first-person shooters, this one makes you creep around trying to stay out of sight and quiet, much like Splinter Cell or Metal Gear Solid. Unlike those games, this one has a 6(7?) foot tall animal after you that will kill you on sight. I haven't completed it yet but from what I have played so far this is a true representation of the original movie in video game format and catches the look and feel perfectly. They have out done themselves this time."
76561198090642746,Recommended,214490,12417866,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Bobby_Fett,"This game is incredible. The main things that stick out most to me is the setting, noises, and fantastic soundtrack. I have been waiting for an Alien game that wasn't dissapointing ever since Colonial Marines blew up and burned out like the Nostromo. If you are a fan of the series, or just a horror fan in general this is the game for you. Playing on hard mode really allows your Xenomorph nemesis to shine as it adapts to overcome the technology you use to dispatch it. There are scares and jumps around every corner, and with the interaction of this lore friendly plot; there are times where the Alien itself seems to be the least of your troubles. Bottom line: Buy this game."
76561198034777822,Recommended,214490,12417954,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[PMS] StylezNMA,"Just Amazing, buy it just for the atmosphere. The sheer fun of just exploring was so cool."
76561198038287396,Recommended,214490,12418020,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Tom-ahawk,"Best game I've played in awhile. They have encapsulated the feel of the first Alien movie. It is almost scary how well they take you back 20 years. Excellent game; I have no idea what IGN or gamespot are smoking.The only thing I wish I had in the game was a fast-walking option, hahaha :D"
,Recommended,214490,12396370,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Desert,"I love this game, it's just like in the movies & great game-play!Now that I have finished the game I can't stress enough that this isa must have 10/10 game! Your very lucky if you pre-ordered!"
,Recommended,214490,12418155,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Monokuma,"When I found out a new Alien game was coming out, I had no choice but to pre-order it. I'm a HUGE fan of the Alien franchise. Although the wait for October 7th was a very long wait...When the game was finally released, I jumped right on installing it and trying it out. Of course, like any game, I went to the controls first and memorized everything, although I did wind up swaping crouch and inventory for my own reasons.Anyway, I clicked Start Game and carefully read the difficulty descriptions. I already wanted to jump right to the hardest one from the start, and the words ""Recommended for the best realistic survival experience"" (at least, it said something along those lines) immediately had me clicking the hardest difficulty. What could possibly go wrong?I already knew that the Alien would be smart. Very smart. And fast. And could be anywhere at any time. And you have to think VERY quickly to avoid getting killed. And all of that is on the lowest difficulty. But I LOVE a good scare as well as a tough game, so I had no choice.My original thought, however, was that I'd be jumping from the Alien popping out of the ceiling and coming from the vents. But no. The first thing that scared me were some lights turning on to light up a hallway. As humiliating as it sounds, this game will make you jump long before anything is even there!I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes jump scares, survival horrors, and/or the Alien franchise in general. This is a must get game!"
,Recommended,214490,12418376,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Popsicles Shubert,"This is an absolutely beautiful game. Beautiful in the, ""I'm so terrified by this 7 or 8 foot tall vinyl demon stalking me but I am compelled to see what is written on these buttons"" manner. It's just great.That said, there are some issues. The facial animation (outside of cutscenes) is rather stale, and generally you get about half-an-hour to get to know a character before they die tragically. I pre-ordered, and while I was SUPER excited to sneak around as Ellen Freakin Ripley, there were some weird worbley effects. Black squares that show up across the screen, and it just doesn't generally run as smooth as the main campaign. But hey, its DLC, so whatever.Buy this game if you watched and loved Alien. If you wanted to re-enact that bit in Aliens where Ripley beats the crap out of the Alien Queen, don't buy this game. Buy this game if you want to be stalked and killed almost endlessly, and assuredly repeatedly, by an Alien that lives to make you crap your pants and die."
,Recommended,214490,12418451,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,CommonCentz,"From the very moment I launched the game, I could tell there was something special about this game.  They nailed the atmosphere from the get go.  The game just feels like a quality game.  The immersiveness is impressive to say the least.  I am not too far into the game playing on Hard difficulty and the game just knows how to build tension.  Between the music, great audio design, and the stellar graphics it is hard not to have your heart rate pickup.  So far the story mode is very well paced. Alien: Isolation also doesn't hold your hand.  You have to figure out where to go and how to get there.  No waypoints or glowing paths to follow.  But at the same time you don't get lost or confused on what to do.  Great balance they have found here.  The uneasiness that you get from not knowing exactly where to go only just adds to the tension and atmosphere this game delivers.Well worth the purchase.  The only critique I have so far is that it would be really cool to see a multiplayer mode.  Maybe they'll add that in later.  Also there is no jump action for your character--which feels a bit strange at first.  The control scheme is familiar but different at the same time.  I had a little confusion at first how everything worked, but you end up getting the hang of it.* * * * * * * * (*/) (/)8.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,12417807,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Fenraldr Bloodfang,"(These are my first impressions. I will more likely than not update this review once I have completed the game.)This game has to be the game Alien fans have been waiting for.The Xenomorph is actually a threat this time around. No buggy, dumb AI, no weak attack strength, and no low HP. If you see it and haven't taken the proper precautions, you're DEAD. Period. No ifs, ands, or buts.The art style is accurate to the original movie down to a letter. This feels like the lost non-""Aliens"" sequel to the original movie. Creative Assembly spared no expense when it comes to attention to detail.Not to mention, the entire thing is absoultely visually STUNNING. The character models were beautifully crafted. The Alien is menacing as hell, which it should be. The androids are creepy. The lighting engine is nothing less than sublime. Textures are superb. It runs oh-so-buttery smooth.It's not without its cons, though. You'll spend most of your time dying, no matter what difficulty you're on. The Xenomorph takes no prisoners. While I prefer this to the absolute steaming pile we got in Colonial Marines, I think they should have toned it down a little.Also, encounters with human enemies are nothing short of a migrane. They really aren't at all fun to engage.The save system is a bit screwy. I would have preferred an autosave system. While this is a horror game with many fears to impose, the fear of losing progress because you couldn't go back to the checkpoint and sign in shouldn't be one of those fears.Overall, this is a GREAT game so far. My opinion may change as I progress, but as it stands, this is the first good Alien game since AVP 2010 (if you consider that a true Alien game). It's well worth the price of admission. Give it a try."
76561198005475482,Recommended,214490,12418629,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Factivel,"I attempted to make the game less scary by naming the alien something silly. Now I can't date anyone named ""Susan"".10/10"
,Recommended,214490,12418638,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,GRIFFITHSU,scared me its hard to scare asians 5.9 out of 5.9 on the ryans scale
,Recommended,214490,12418644,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Reclaimer,"Awesome! Fans of the 'Outlast' game (or the survival horror genre in general) will love this game. Creepy & atmospheric, it's the best 'Alien' game.... ever?"
76561197982545211,Recommended,214490,12401057,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Nethawk86,"UPDATE: IF YOU ARE A FAN OF THE SERIES THIS IS A MUST BUY!!!!!!! I WONT SPOIL ANYTHING BUT PAST THE HALF WAY POINT THERE IS A MISSION THAT MAKES YOUR INNER NERDNESS GO CRAZY!!! Amazing job on this game! Yeah it’s slow paced in the beginning but if you are a true Alien fan you will understand why and come to appreciate it! This is no child’s Call of Duty B.S., this is a pure survival horror game. It is frustrating that in the beginning you can kill people who drop firearms yet you cannot pick them up. One would think that it is the first thing they would get given the situation. Running a GTX690 and SoundBlaster Recon3d with 7.1 surround at night with no lights on is not for the faint of heart lol. Wearing headphones makes it even worse.....especially if you are married to a wife that loves to mess with you lol. Highly recommend this game after the colossal f^ that was Colonial Marines. Although.....Who here is with me in that if this game takes off.........the developers should get back on the band wagon and create another Alien game but this time it takes place before Aliens on the colony of LV-426  before and while everything went down.....AND YOU PLAY AS NEWT OR HER BROTHER!!!!! So you can see the events unfold on what happened and how it happened......imagine Alien Isolation but with mulitple Aliens.......mind and bowels would be blown lol......I imagine the experience of being on that colony when it was taken over to be quite scary and intense. PLEASE MAKE THIS GAME!!!!!"
76561198036243489,Recommended,214490,12418708,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,DJ tj,THIS IS 2SPOOKY4ME
,Recommended,214490,12418842,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sketch,pretty good
,Recommended,214490,12419150,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Roland,Best Alien Game! Fans must have! Something like Riddick and Doom 3.
,Recommended,214490,12419250,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,OptimusRhyme,"Liked:The atmosphere and the obvious love the developers have of the Alien franchise. The game is tense, darting from hiding place to hiding place in case the Alien appears. The graphics are astounding which really helps the immersion.Dislike:Some of the pacing, especially in stages where the Alien is replaced by other enemies."
76561198040749360,Recommended,214490,13989343,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Duncaii,"Incredibly atmospheric, impressive visuals and audio to make it very immersive as well as a massive arsenal of craftable tools and provided weapons. The Alien isn't the only thing you have to worry about through this fairly lengthy campaign."
76561198002611920,Recommended,214490,12451223,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hussar,"As an Alien and a horror game fan I can't recommend this game enough, one of the best I have played in a long time, maybe ever."
76561197969379093,Recommended,214490,13989712,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Avrigus,Really like this game. I've read some mixed reviews but I can see for myself that the tension and suspence is brilliant!  :-)
,Recommended,214490,13963532,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sixcorby,-Groups of people trying to survive shoot at you because they don't know you-You wander around in a run-down environment that's falling apart and has graffiti on the walls; kind of like the ghetto-The xenomorph has some sick grillz on10/10 best gangsta simulator
76561198118847586,Recommended,214490,13965429,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,canyoneer001,"This game is fun and spooky.  It is an enjoyable space tale.  The graphics are good as well.I am used to fast paced FPS games.  I actually fell asleep while playing because it moves at a pace much slower than what I am used to experiencing.  However, slowing down a bit and having to consider strategy has improved my playing of other games.  That said, even with the lithium aftertaste, I intend to continue playing until the end, and I give this game a personal 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,214490,13966451,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Foiz5000,Man this game is scary as hell.
,Recommended,214490,13969015,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sir Otmshank,"Fantastic game; one of the best if not the best survival horror I've ever played. It combines elements from RPG and FPS to make an incredibly tense, gripping and terrifying game."
,Recommended,214490,13951630,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Garyman,"If Allan was a man, Id sex him."
76561198101522217,Recommended,214490,13952933,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,iLike2Wina,"9/10. *NOTE: If you're into games where you are ALL POWERFUL and rain bullets on your foes with ease, this game is NOT for you. However, if you like the challenge of being hunted and vulnerable, in a very well put together survival space sim that pays homage to Alien fans like myself, get this. If you wanted to ever know what it felt like to be the lone survivor on a derelict space station, then this game is for you.+Solid AI: Hiding in the vent doesn't make the Alien forget you. If you accidentally open the vent door and the Alien sees you thru the glass window of another room, it WILL come try to find you. If you manage to close the vent door, and wait 30 seconds for the Alien to go away, it WILL remember you're still in there and crawl in the vent to chop your brains out.+Excellent Graphics and Performance: PC was running on Ultra for all settings. The animations are smooth and not choppy. The alien and NPC's look pretty good, but also I wish their models looked a bit less generic.+Atmosphere: Superb sound mechanics. You creep thru the halls hearing the alien move around in the vents. You can hear other NPC's walking up on you around corners, giving you the chance to hide. This game is meant to be played with headphones in the dark (provided your little gamer heart can handle that). All the textures are rich and true to the first Alien and Aliens movie. The devs did this game a justice, because five minutes after I quit the game I'm still on edge...YOU are RIPLEY's daughter in this game and the fear of being vulnerable is what this game is all about.+Story: It's not the best story for a game I've ever seen. You get tasked with finding this, or going there, etc etc.+Replayability: I've yet to finish the game, so it wouldn't be fair for me to say anything here. However, I will say that there's a satisfaction in going different routes to get to the same goal."
76561198029188383,Recommended,214490,13953148,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,MarcusWMD,"This game is just okay.  I would not give it ""game of the year"".  Reminds me of DOOM III,Meh.7/10"
,Recommended,214490,13953476,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Krow; the Inanimate Carbon Rod,"As someone who LOVES horror games and movies, Alien Isolation is the best thing I've played in a long long time. Similar in play style to Amnesia and Penumbra (where you're very much defenseless against the hostiles) A:I takes it to the next level. The Alien is the ultimate predator. You can not outrun it, you can not hide from it forever as it WILL find you, you can not let it hear you, you can not let it see you, and so on and so forth. The enemies in other games become predicitable after a while, but in A:I the Alien is constantly suprising you.Everything else about the game (atmosphere, sound, graphics) is top notch, but the Alien design is what makes this game so incredible. It's a must buy for any horror fan looking for something fresh and challenging."
76561197962070134,Recommended,214490,13954588,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,H.T.B,Changed my pants many times.
76561198050631206,Recommended,214490,13940393,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,BinaryKode,"This game pays homage to the 1980s perception of the future and pays very good attention to the beloved Alien, Aliens films. This game maintains terror very well and the Xenomorph makes this game really enjoyable. The mechanics in this game are interesting and make for varying styles of gameplay. The atmosphere in the game is incredible and there is nothing in the game that is off scale. The game areas have been created to exact scale so it looks like you are actually there. You can get a better sense of this when using an Oculus Rift. The only downside is that the game feels too long and drawn out as well has having the synthetics as an enemy changes from being a terrifying enemy to an annoying one.I would definitely recommend this game and if you are a lover of sci-fi survival horror and want to star in an Alien film (in a way), this game is for you"
76561197971069965,Recommended,214490,13940943,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,sharpshotoo7,This is what a aliens game should be and I hope they continue in the same way. Definitly worth it
76561197994594242,Recommended,214490,13942598,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,apolokia,"After a whole load of games milking the franchise most of us had given up hope of a decent Alien game, but AI is different in that it's inspired not by the gung-ho hoo-har of Cameron's Aliens, but by Ridley Scott's original. Cue lots of running away and cowering under desks. The beast's intelligence is superb and combined with its invulnerability to weapons and the lack of a quicksave, this can be a nerve-shredding experience. The androids, too, never feel like padding and the central alien-free section is a nice break from the pressure. There are almost no cut-scenes (hurrah!) and QTEs are kept to a minimum where - as usual - they couldn't come up with better ideas.Visuals and sound design are first-rate and add to the atmosphere. Maxed out at 1080p the textures and shaders are close to impeccable (you can see the streaks left by the floor mop) and really capture the look of the first film.The game is not without faults: the areas on the ship lack variety and one corridor begins to look pretty much like another after a while. This is not helped by considerable backtracking: oh joy, back to the sci-med tower, again. The lack of enemy interactions also puts a damper on the realism: the alien hunts you obsessively, but doesn't care much about other people unless they cross its path directly or you lob a flashbang into their midst, and androids are completely ignored by the stalking nasty. More fun could have been had by playing the parties against each other, but there are hardly any opportunities.For a considerable 25+ hours, the game ends with dull spacewalk sections and a final fart which hints at a sequel - as if we needed the hint. Let's hope the ideas that led to this game aren't just endlessly recycled for the next ten years.7/10."
,Recommended,214490,13943297,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,λ Gordon Freeman λ,"Great game, Great Story, Great Graphics, Runs smoothly, Lots of back tracking sometimes annoying but sometimes helpful. DLC's great and lots of detail, immersive gameplay."
76561197962820264,Recommended,214490,13946513,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fat Freddys Cat,I never write reviews but this is the only game ive ever played that has made me jump and squeal out loud like a girl. Quality.
76561198040949013,Recommended,214490,13969918,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,♈ Xephirus ♈™,"Alien: Isolation is a survival horror and first-person game that is ispired from the film by Ridley Scott. Even for players who have never seen the movie will not be a problem empathize atmosphere of suspense given by continuous escape by the alien, in addition to humans and androids that hinder your strategy in many circumstances. Compared to other games of this type, you need to think and organize every step: the artificial intelligence of the game is very advanced and the enemies movements change constantly according to the noise and movements you make. The tension rises even more also because of background music, often in agreement with the incessant noise present in the space station. The setting is perfect and graphically is a game enjoyable both on old PCs and PC high end. Pity about the ending that shows there will be a sequel, but maybe I just prefer that a game has a real ending.8/10"
,Recommended,214490,13970552,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,NasseR,Must have for every survival\horror and stealthy sneaky players. Gorgeous and fluid gameplay. A love letter to Alien fans.9\10 GO BUY IT NOW!
76561198128149244,Recommended,214490,13973108,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,chrisnebergall,"This is one of the finest games I've ever played. Graphically beautiful, smooth, unique and terrifying. It perfectly captures the tone and aesthetic of the film, the narrative is a more worthy sequel than anything that came after Cameron's film and it's the first time I've ever felt actual fear while playing a game. Bravo. If you're a Call of Duty person don't expect constant action and kinetic stimulation; it's a slow, still and claustrophobic game that's all about making you feel helpless as opposed to an empowering joyride like most modern games. Violence is not casual and levels are ruthlessly punishing. If you have patience, appreciate atmosphere and/or enjoy Alien or science fiction generally, I recommend this experience. And play the campaign on Hard Mode if you really want to remember those tense moments and close calls."
,Recommended,214490,14233051,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Demonofthefall,"Game is actually terrifying. Yeah its frustrating at times, the AI is a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at times (Paces between two door ways etc)  But hey, I'm 15 hours in and I'm still to scared to come up from under tables most of the time.  If you don't have a powerful enough computer to run it on ultra, with 7.1 surround, wait till you do.  The immersion is amazing and the sounds are terrifying."
,Recommended,214490,14234695,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zeruel,I have nothing negative to say about it. It's a well polished project. If Horror veterans pick up this title its  less about fear and more about outwitting. It's a nice change of pace.Obligatory: You'll want proper positional audio.
,Recommended,214490,14165735,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,fejker,It's been a while since I've enjoyed a game this much.
,Recommended,214490,14166374,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,UnsavourryBoss,"Alien Isolation is an abosolutely fantastic game which entirely lives up to the film franchise, amazing story regarding ripleys daughter, amazing sound effects, graphics and gameplay. I also love the addition of the horror aspect and the general fear that you get when playing this game and knowing somewhere that Alien is around. would definately recommend this game"
76561197977895317,Recommended,214490,14169836,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,NightShadow,Buy. This. Game! (Google's a thing if you need to know why)
,Recommended,214490,13835013,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Chillbro Swaggins,"The game is basically about a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ alien that is willing to follow you to the end of the world, but you can hide behind barrels, which is good. You also have a crafting system so you can make smokebombs, flashbangs etc. Forget about fps games where you the goal is to kill the alien. In this game you have to sneak and try to avoid the alien as good as you can, if not, you're dead. You can always try to hit it with a gun or flamethrower, but that will only make it more angry and more desperate to kill you. The alien does not have a scripted way so i can show up whenever it wants to. The game is challenging, not like you can run through the game, the you're dead, but you have to sneak, even on easy. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,13244108,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SexyBrigadeiro,Best scary game evah!!!o.0
,Recommended,214490,14186491,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,LedRose,"Beautiful sets, tense gameplay, and a long engrossing story. Ontop of all that, the Alien is hands down the most terrifying video game character Ive ever encountered."
76561197993641269,Recommended,214490,14186865,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,orwellianbob,Fun
76561197970854272,Recommended,214490,14216167,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,L3W!$!F3R,"Awesome game!!!  It's scary and hard, but who doesn't like a challenge.Crank up the surround sound and play!"
,Recommended,214490,14218991,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Razmatic,"absolutely one of the most tense gaming experiences I've ever had. the sheer terror never quite fades, though it is diluted a bit over time. even late in the game, while I felt more confident sneaking around when the xenomorph was nearby, I never let down my guard. the vulnerability you feel is as real as it comes.as an homage to the classic film, it does a fantastic job, and is the only alien-themed game to do so. while plenty of games have been released in the wake of later films, where the fact that these creatures can be killed became all too popular, the atmosphere of being trapped with limited resources, stalked by a lethal predator with no known weaknesses, is only now being placed into something interactive and tangible. the result is draining, but it maintains a mystique that never vanishes."
,Recommended,214490,14008313,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,HAY GUYS,The last scary game I played was the first Deadspace. Even after all the deaths the Alien still gives me quivering ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ syndrome.
76561198129251774,Recommended,214490,14011846,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,...,10/10
76561198037623843,Recommended,214490,14012928,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,rustamfk,"All I wanted from this game was to be immersed into the alien universe and for it to be consistent with the films we all know and love.  This game does that and then some.  Haven't finished it yet, but I've had a great time just walking through the gorgeous retro-future hallways and enjoying the atmosphere and the sounds...Well worth the money just for that experience alone."
76561197994194649,Recommended,214490,14014311,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,H0urg1ass,"Oh boy, what can I say that others haven't?  Well, I'll just give my personal impressions from a long standing ALIEN(s) fan.If you are a fan of ALIEN, the original Dan O'Bannon / Ridley Scott horror film, then this is the game for you.  But it also may not be the game for you.  How can I say that?  Well, I'm one of those original ALIEN fans, but I'm not much of a survival horror gamer or even a fan of the horror genre at all.Well this game dumps you right into the horror genre full force.  I wasn't prepared.  Oh mommy I wasn't prepared.  Having never played a survival horror game previously, I thought to myself ""How bad can it be?"".  It's THAT bad.  I would finish a mission and have to take a break for fear of my blood pressure causing an aneurism.I'm guessing for those of you used to games like Amnesia and Silent Hill, Resident Evil and The Evil Within, then this kind of gameplay is old hat for you.  But me?  I pretty much play everything BUT survival horror.  From dozens of FPS, Strategy games, to RPG's, but never the horror games.I spent hours hiding in lockers and storage cabinets terrified to get out of them.  Even with full knowledge that I had saved my game a hundred yards away, the Alien wasn't showing on the tracker, had gone into the air vents, and I hadn't really accomplished anything yet except for getting in the storage locker.So what I'm trying to say here, is that if you love the ALIEN movie, but aren't really a survival horror gamer, then you may be better off watching the dozens of playthroughs on YouTube instead.I ended up cranking the difficulty setting down to Easy by Mission 5, and let me assure you that ALIEN Isolation in Easy mode is hard mode in other games.  I attempted Hard mode at first, but found I was taking hours to get through even a single mission, and I honestly wanted to get out of a locker without dying and on with the story.The story.  Ok, this is what drew me to the game in the first place.  The chance to see what Amanda Ripley was doing in the 57 year interim between ALIEN and ALIENS?  Hell, I thought they said illegal Alien and signed the ♥♥♥♥ up.  I love the premise of the story, and I really loved the entire setting of Sevastopol.  Finding the flight recorder and... well, I don't want to drop spoilers here, but the story is just great.  Really great.  This game could easily have been the next installment in the ALIEN franchise; and a worthy one unlike the utter crap that were ALIEN3 and ALIEN: Resurrection.Graphics:  I played this game on a triple monitor setup with a GTX 670 Gigabyte video card.  I never experienced any lag or stuttering whatsoever.  There was a quite a bit of screen tearing, but I only noticed it during the less tense mooments when I wasn't being eaten.Overall, the graphics are downright beautiful.  The lighting was perfect for the setting, the attention to detail in regards to the ALIEN franchise was top notch.  The San Cristobal medical facility mission was one of the best lit game levels I've seen in any game.A couple things were overdone... did there really need to be a drinking chicken head toy on every dining table in the game?  I swear no one on the station owned a garbage can as trash was just everywhere and not in an ""the Alien trashed this room"" kind of way, but natural dirtyness.A couple things made no practical sense whatsoever like the reactor core scene where it's simultaneously pouring water everywhere combined with electrical discharges all around you... Yeah, Ripley would have been flash fried within seconds of being there.  But it looked cool and it was a nice change of pace.Sounds:  Top notch.  Easily one of the best audio experiences I've had in a video game.  Maybe ever.  MIssion 14 with the sound cranked up?  This is easily the mission where I decided I probably won't do a second playthrough of the game.  I found myself sneaking through this level whispering ""Never again!"" to myself.  Absolutely terrifying thanks to the great sound effects.Also, a caveat:  If you are more of a fan of the ALIENS film and the original ALIEN film, then this game may not be for you.  There's no Pulse Rifles, grenade launchers or Gyro Arm mounted machine guns.  You do get couple weapons later on, but they have extemely limited ammo and are largely innefective.*POSSIBLE SPOILER*You do get a flamethrower that will chase the Alien off and make him run into the air vents.  What I discovered very quickly is that this makes the Alien come back with more frequency.  The Alien will typically spend quite a bit of time in the air vents walking around, but if you flame it and it runs into the air vents, then you've got about 30-45 seconds before he gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and comes right back.If you must use the flamethrower, then vacate the immediate area quickly afterwards.  Don't stand around reading life stories on the terminals, just get out.Once you get the flamethrower, DO NOT forget your roots.  Hiding in storage lockers still works and won't have him rampaging around the level looking for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that just set him on fire.  I used it more like a last resort.  Ok, I'm cornered, nowhere to hide and he's RIGHT THERE.  Time to send him running and then GTFO.*SPOILER END*Now on to the things I didn't like.Lets start off with the ending.  I'm not gonna spoil it here, but seriously F U SEGA.  What the crap is this ending?  No closure, no resolution, no tying up loose ends.  Just *BLAM* the game is now over.  It's absolutely the worst ending of a great game that I have ever experienced, but then again, I liked how ME3 ended so I'm not sure what that says about me.Also, the legth of the game was a bit ridiculous.  The last two hours felt very contrived.  Hey lets keep having disaster after disaster to add more pointless game time.  Personally I would have ended it much sooner... like say on the Ambulance shuttle.  I'd have flown straight to the Torrens on that thing and thrown up dueces at Sevastopol.  Peace ♥♥♥♥♥es!  I'm out!I know this has been said before in other reviews, but good grief the back-tracking was excessive.  I counted in one mission alone I had to go back and forth across the entire map seven times to get a single door open.  The entire map from one end to the other.  Ok, find a keycard, go to the other side of the level and open a safe, go to the other side of the level and start a generator, go back to the other side of the level and push a button, go back again and.... ect.It wasn't just one level either.  Quite a few levels weren't all that big really, but were made to feel bigger by having to re-cross the same territory a few times.  For the sequels I suggest bigger levels, less linearity, give us a few things to do on that level and let us decide what to do first and how to do it.My last con is this:  For the love of all that's good, let us quick save any damn where we please.  There's nothing more soul crushing that getting right to the elevator that you need, you haven't saved in 20 minutes of game play and you get ambushed from the ceiling.  If I'm hiding in a locker and I'm not sure I'm gonna make it to the next room, then let me save there.Maybe have a hardcore mode where players can only save at save points for those to like to replay entire sections of the game repeatedly, but for those of us along for the story let us quick save on easy mode."
76561198012175186,Recommended,214490,14014533,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,AkumuKarasu,"By the time I'd finished the second mission of the game, I'd decided I was going to write a review of it.  Having completed it, here I go.  But, what to write about?  Many other reviewers have written about the graphics, sound and gameplay mechanics; so I think I'll write about how this game made mefeel.Long after we forget about the mechanics or the graphic settings of a game, what stays with us the emotional memory of that game; I mean, this is why fanboys still weep for Morrowind, and why I've played Neverwinter Nights through countless times over the years!  Numerous other examples lead me to think it's a truly important factor, worthy of review.So, what did this game make me feel?Terror.  Sheer, unmitigated terror.  Let me say,this game has given me PTSD!I was in a shop somewhere the other day, and something beeped like the motion detector in the game, and I almost sh!t myself!  I also now have an irrational fear of afictionalcreature that I have not been afraid of for over a quarter of a century!! (Yes, I'm old, I know).  It's important to note that I'm not talking about jump scares (yes, there are jump scares in the game, most of them are unexpected, and not one of them feels cliched or out of place).  I'm talking about the terror that comes from being in a life-or-death hunt, where all the odds are stacked against you, and all you can do is try to survive...From the opening logos on, this game has been designed to recapture the atmosphere of its iconic progenitor, Alien.Everything in game replicates the production design of that movie down to the smallest detail:  the odd juxtaposition of interstellar travel technology with late 70's crappy computers; the banal-combined-with-hi-tech decor; and other elements that I won't mention (spoilers).  The intended result is successfully achieved:true suspension of disbelief.  At no time did I doubt that I was in the Alien ""Universe"".And, Sevastopol Station is the nightmarish rendering of that universe gone wrong.  As you travel through the station, you see the believable consequences of a calamity befallen group of people trying to survive when nothing works, and everything else is falling apart.  Desperate executives, terrified citizens, and malfuntioning androids, are juxtaposed with advertising posters and recordings of what Seegeson's dream was, and just how far it has fallen.  All this adds a layer of sadness that, in my opinion, adds to the believability of the unviverse.The graphics and score add to the atmosphere of terror.  A shadow floating past a porthole had me jumping in fear, and when I looked, it was a piece of wreckage floating past, with the backdrop of the remainder of the station and the gas giant it orbits reminding me of just how small and insignificant I was.  In other parts, smoke, darkness, and beautifully rendered lense flair again add depth by making it hard to see what's ahead, increasing inherent fear.  Also, here, I have to mention one of my favourte features - the ability to change focus when holding the motion detector:  you can look at the detector, or everything else, but not both, and when you look at one, the other goes out of focus!  This can be scary as all hell!!!The score seems to be based off the original Alien score, and in most instances, it adds to the tension with it's unnerving high-pitched strings that build to a crescendo as an object of hostility comes hunting for you.  Occassionally, it can be distracting, as it can drown out the sound of movement and the detector when a very dramatic piece plays, but this only became an issue for me once in the game.Seven paragraphs in and you're going ""this guy hasn't even talked about the Alien.""  Ok, here we go.  The Alien is both unreal and terrible, and it is important to note that I use those words in a Lovecraftian context:  hiding in a locker, watching this ""thing"" move around and attack people while actively hunting me, had me thinking ""this thing should not be!""  The creature is truly a thing of nightmare.  And when it hunts you, you know fear.  The first time it came for me, the events, music, and my experience as an avid fan of the series told me what was going to happen, and what to expect, and yet, when its head first appeared through a billowing cloud of steam, I had a moment of true terror.Deep, primal terror.  I turned and ran like a little girl.  The Alien has heightened senses and an unmitigated savagery that make it a fearsome opponent, and many times, when I was hiding, I foundmyselfholding my breath until it passed, becasue if it gets you, it's all over, red rover.This is a survival game, and it's best not to forget that, because if you do, you're dead.  If you decide to go all Duke Nuke-em, and charge in with guns blazing, you're dead.  If you get impatient and go ""F#ck it, I'm going through, and I'll fight my way out if I have to,"" you're dead.  Youwilldie in this game.  A lot.  Save points are strategically placed to make achieving the next one feel deeply rewarding, and also to reward smart gameplay.  Because, that's the only way to survive.  Stay low, quiet, and out of everyone, and everything's way.  You have to know when to run, when to hide, and when to make an aggressive assualt.  You have to pick your moments, otherwise, you're dead.I had a rush of blood to the head when I got the flamethrower; I was like, ""That's it! No more hiding for me!  It's time to give this Alien what-for, and make it run and hide!""  And I did.  And then I ran out of fuel.  And then I died.  While there's enough material floating around to craft the items that help you survive (some of which are truly indispensable),  you can't carry a lot of them, and more importantly, there's never enough ammo.  Even if you have enough ammo, it's not enough.  I played through on the recommended setting of hard, so I don't know if the easier setting gives you more ammo or not, but the (intended, in my opinion) effect of this was to create a feeling of helplessness:  I felt like I was powerless in the face of things far beyond my control, and all I could do was hide and try to survive.  Which, I believe, was the intended intention of the game! ;)A quick comment on negatives:  I really only found two.  There is a part of the game where you will find two items you need, just lying in a spot for no particular reason.  They're there because you need them.  It stuck out to me as the only reality breaking moment in an otherwise seamless creation.  The other is the human AI; while the Alien and android AI's are both superb, the human AI fluctuates between hyper alert and bad.  I mean, laughably bad.  They'll spot you if you peep around a corner more than twice, but give up once you break line of sight.  Then they stand around mouthing idiotic comments like the guards in Thief.  Some of the comments are almost identical to comments in that game!  In one part, I was pressed up against a wall and the human walks past me, all the while looking right at me, but doesn't see me!  It made me want to have the Alien come and kill them!!In summary, Creative Assembly should be proud of themselves for this near flawless masterpiece of gaming they've created, and I firmly believe they've set a new standard for FPS/Survival/Horror games, especially in terms of graphics, sound, atmosphere, and gameplay.  A game that plays out like a movie with total immersion, and psychological investment, is one that is worthy of both replaying, and having some fond, yet terrifying emotional memories!9.5/10TL;DR:  Excuse me while I go and lie down and have multiple heart attacks..."
76561198017967868,Recommended,214490,14006314,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Juxtapozed,Finally!  Someone REALLY put the time and thought into making this the game it always should have been.   THIS ROCKS!
,Recommended,214490,14024303,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Raskolnikov,"Truly amazing. Captures Ridley Scott's Alien so well. The pacing, the visuals, the viceralness, the emotional exhaustion. I consider it a sequel/adaptation much in the way that Evil Dead 2 was a sequel/remake of Evil Dead 1 in that is adapts certain aspects of its source matieral while at the same time acts as a sequel to the first film's events. Sevastapol Station is bleeding with atmosphere and life. The Alien AI is fantastic. Amanda is a believable protagonist. The entire game holds the suspense right until the end.The only real flaws with it are the following:- While the first half of the game captures the film's slow, brooding pace almost perfectly, it falls apart in the second half. It feels as if CA was trying to cram as much material in the game as possible without considering pacing for the sake of covering as much ground in the Alien universe as possible. This results in the game as being slightly overlong and bloated.- The theme of the game of Amanda looking for closure with her mother gets detracted for most of the game, and would have benefitted from focusing on that as a theme for the most part.- So many things to craft, but you only really need a few things. Once again, this makes the game feel slightly bloated.- Some performance issues.In all, the game is solid. The atmosphere, pacing, gameplay, tension all amounts to an emotionally exhausting and brilliant experience that captures the original Alien movie like no other. Amazing, despite it's shortcomings. Get it, support the devs."
76561198150171527,Recommended,214490,14017139,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,MrShyGuyKing,"Its a fun, scary game. Unlike other games, in this game you are very underpowered, and have to resort to sneakiness to avoid dying. Its a fun game, and requires some time to getting used to."
76561198038258777,Recommended,214490,14020211,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,maded,dat atmosphere
76561198028028027,Recommended,214490,12544627,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Immemorable_Moniker,"Excellent Game.  Going in to this experience, my bastions of horror were Amensia and Outlast.  Now they are Amnesia, Outlast, and Alien Isolation.  The attention to detail is outstanding, and the subtle and not-so-subtle nods to the films will satisfy any fan of the series.This game is brutal on the player in the way that an Alien game should be.  For the last few hours I felt so close to escape, only to have it torn away from me time and time again...but I was glad to keep going in such a well done game."
,Recommended,214490,12545066,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,twitch.tv/manitooke,"good game, very scare, so many scare I need bucket. Lots of cool things and immersion."
76561198000710280,Recommended,214490,12545732,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MonkeyHarris,There's lots to love about Alien Isolation and full credit to  Creative Assembly and Sega for having the balls to make a triple AAA product this intentionally hard - it felt like being back in the 90s again!  That said;  its a shame the writing and voice acting is functional at best (and downright appalling in places).  Overall this is one new IP that deserves our support - just remember to bring a spare change of underwear :P
76561198143568079,Recommended,214490,12545768,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,clifflutz21,This is the game I've been waiting for so long!!! Thank you Creative Assembly you are the first to do an alien game right be proud of yourselves!!
,Recommended,214490,12547004,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,treewyrm,"Fantastic game. Captures the essence of Ridley Scott original Alien movie. Amazing job recreating the ambience and visuals, I even watched the movie again before playing the game. Alien itself is quite scary. Some say it's unpredictable to a fault but that hasn't been my impression. Sure you can't quite predict which turn it'll take but that's how it is meant to be, you're not supposed to 'crack' its behaviour to exploit it very predictably. You'll be dying a lot of times there. The Alien is very persistent and I think it is intentional that you can't simply wait out till it goes away for any predictable amount of time. Sitting out doesn't help - eventually it'll find you, so you have to be on the move, dodging between hiding spots, distracting it if you can. The Alien, from the moment of its introduction, will be your 'companion' for a long time. My only complaint would be that occasionally it can move between vents way too fast like it's teleport and seemingly doesn't take in consideration the vents are way apart. But overall I had more trouble dealing with the androids than the Alien. Use tools like noisemaker and keep in mind that it can hear beeps from motion detector, I preferred to rely on sound mostly, so good headphones is a must, besides music and overall soundscape is right perfect here. I liked older action-type AvP games but none of them did it right for the original classic movie. This game did."
,Recommended,214490,12547520,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,sepher,"If being absolutely powerless whilst scurrying around in a crouch, hiding in whatever available spaces you can find appeals to your gameplay instincts, go for it.  The meagre story (much of which you are responsible for ferretting out from old e-mails and tape recordings bizarrely left laying about) can't sustain the game's ambition to scare the hell out of you, and neither can the wonky gameplay mechanics.The game is brutally, punishingly difficult, but it's not aDark Soulskind of challenge; in that game series, you slowly learn to stop sucking, and your reward for playing better is dying less.  In AI, the deck is by design so heavily stacked against you that it often doesn't matter what you do.  With its old-school save-point system, this often means a wasted 30 minutes of playtime, sending you far enough back that rage-quitting seems a more pleasant option.The Alien's programming is an impressive piece of work, and it often succeeds in making you feel hunted and vulnerable. Unfortunately, Creative Assembly have hoisted themselves on their own petard with the Alien, endowing it with magic powers of teleportation and the ability to see through walls.  Giving the Alien free reign of the Sevastopol to hunt and kill you with impunity mostly works, but after your first few physics-defying deaths, the absurdity of what the Alien can do takes away a lot of the tension.Case in point: while hiding in a locker from the Alien, I am prompted to press a key to lean back, and press another key to hold my breath.  After a few seconds of breath-holding, the screen pulses red around the edges, as if Ripley is suffocating.  The Alien sniffs around the locker, apparently decides I'm not there, then turns around andwalks out of the room and down the corridor.  I can hear its footsteps getting fainter.  Relieved, I resume breathing...only to have the Alien materialize out of nowhere, rip the locker door off, and tear me to shreds.  It's absurd.  It's frustrating.  It appears to be totally random, and ""playing better"" won't help me avoid it.Perhaps some will argue that is part of the appeal: instant, violent death out of nowhere, when you least expect it.  I'm not going to call anyone who feels that way wrong.  I will say it's not for everybody.Creative Assembly is to be commended for their superb art and sound direction, and obvious respect for the Alien universe.  They took a bold step casting their protagonist as essentially helpless, and AI is, despite its flaws, a unique gameplay experience.  However, wonky mechanics and obtuse AI combined with brutal difficulty and far too thin a story makeIsolationa massive missed opportunity."
,Recommended,214490,12558574,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Virtualmikey,"This is one of the few games I've ever played that you can feel palpable anxiety.  I've had to die and start over 100 times to make progress in this game.  You can't just run and gun overpower the game like most 1st person games I've played.  You are practically defenseless and on your own.  The AI is smart, fast, and merciless.  The music cues up with how close some of your enemies get, adding to the anxious feeling.  It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks sitting on the other side of a thin barrier, the music is pounding and dreadful, and the Amanda's heartbeat starts pounding in your headphones with a synthetic inches away from discovering you.If you are trying to learn how to play a steath/fps, this game probably isn't for you.  It's brutal and unforgiving.  If you are already good and you want a challenge with beautiful graphics, a great story, rivetting sound and palpable dread, you are in for a treat.  This is the game Aliens deserved."
,Recommended,214490,12558796,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,XBX1134,"Awesome game, the best Alien game so far! I wish they had made colonial marines this well. Very few games have made me jump and on the edge of my seat the whole time, this is one of the best! Good Job!"
76561198061573107,Recommended,214490,12559021,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,✨ɴᴇᴛsᴜ✨,"Good but not without (avoidable) flaws.The game itself is pretty solid. The Level design is really nice, lots of attention to detail and none of the areas feel too repetitive. Sound and Lightning are top notch and the game just oozes 80's sci-fi flair everywhere. It captures the spirit of the first Alien movie extremely well.The game is *reasonably* scary, but it's really more a survival game than a horror game. Avoiding the Alien is scary first, but quickly becomes routine and slightly tedious as you just try to always be on the opposite of what ever object is between you and it.I encountered quite a few bugs in the game sadly. Mostly non-responsive NPCs (they just stand there, doing nothing), some times your sound is bugged when you reload one of your weapons, and some times you are simply left unable to interact with objects or draw your weapon. These bugs really take away from the experience, because standing in the open and getting murdered because you can't open a door or use your inventory is really frustrating, but LUCKILY it is not happening *too* often.Overall I'd give the game a 8/10.Summary:Graphics: 9.5 (GREAT lightning, good textures across the board, SOLID performance even on ultra settings, nice use of volumetric lights and good particles)Sound: 9/10 (good sound design overall, good voice acting, athmospheric background sounds. Can't really ask for more)Music: 9/10 (Amazing soundtrack, staying very true to the 1979 Original. The Dynamic music sometimes goes slightly overboard, but overall its really good)Gameplay: 7.5/10 (solid mechanics, but tends to get repetitive after a short while)Overall: 8/10 (The game looks and feels polished, hide&seek gameplay is a matter of taste but generally well realized. minus points for potentially gamebreaking bugs and slightly repetitive feel after a while.)Having said that, I'd still recommend the game. Just do yourself a favor and play it in the dark and with (good) headphones or surround sound. It really adds to the experience."
76561198071981927,Recommended,214490,12559123,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,jtc0999 (TCOL),"This game is truly a masterpiece.At first look, the game looks like a simple horror game:-Get from point A to B without being spotted-Hide so your not caught-Croutch everywhere-Use item A to distract monster-Get to point B, complete objective, get BACK to point A without being caught.It is all of the things above, but what suprises me is how much i'm on edge. There have been a few times where i've RAGED because i couldn't get past one area. Usually, when i beat areas like this in a game, i just feel annoyed because i know i'll be running into the problem again.However, with this game, i am always terrified. Now about 10 hours into the game, i STILL feel scared when i'm out in the open. The atmosphere is amazing, as well as the AI.The Alien's AI, however, is unique. It relies on hear and SMELL. Thats right, it can SMELL you. I myself have never played a game in which smell is something you must worry about, but in this game, it is. And you MUST keep on moving, or it WILL find you.All in all, Alien: Isolation can be rage inducing at some points, but overall, it is an AMAZING game that deserves a high rating."
76561198121581006,Recommended,214490,12564554,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Indovision,Great game!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197972329040,Recommended,214490,12564569,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,sweller,very good game
76561198013596737,Recommended,214490,12564386,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Dreamhack,"If you like the movies you will love this game! You feel that you being chased all the way from beginning to end, and all you think about is that you need to get out of there! They have thought of all the little details and the game looks stunning with wonderful sounds! For me, the game took a full 21 hours to complete! The game delivers everything that an Ailen fan could wish for, worth every penny!8/10!  Wonderfull experience"
76561197974435232,Recommended,214490,12565040,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rohann,OMG the most badass Alien game ever made. My only gripe is that there isnt any multiplayer. Oh well for a single player game it is amazing!!!!!
,Recommended,214490,12565336,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,🍕 p i z za_ma n 🍕,"I've only ever seen the first Alien movie, and that was prior to playing this game. If you want to get the most out of Alien: Isolation, I definitely recommend watching Ridley Scott's 1979 movie 'Alien'.This is important because Creative Assembley has probably created the most accurate, most visually stunning representation of Ridley Scott's Alien movie in videogame form since the movie itself came out.Pros:- The claustraphobic feeling from the original Alien film is captured perfectly in this game and is utilized to its fullest extent- The xenomorph in its classic form, and most frightening. I have quite a few things to say about the Alien, but i'll keep it short--this is the most terrifying ♥♥♥♥ing thing i've encountered in a horror game to date. CA managed to pull off an amazing AI script for the Alien, making its decisions and movements randomized when on the move, or pin-point accurate in its encounters with you; thus, creating a believably living Alien haunting you throughout the halls of the Sevastapol.- As I've said, the graphics and attention to detail are superb.- The game is tense as ♥♥♥♥, but it's more of a stealth suspense game than horror, though the Alien is horrifying nonetheless.-Not a constant Alien grindfest. You will encounter other enemies throughout the game, which will almost seem strangely refreshing seeing as encounters with the Alien can become very tedious and suspenseful.Cons:-Voice acting sounds a bit strange/unnatural in some situations-Lipsync animations for the voice acting are actually god awful. Sometimes an NPC will be talking and their lips will be mouthing the Bohemian Rhapsody when really they're telling you to go find medical supplies.- Alien can become somewhat tedious later on in the game.Overall this is one of the best horror/thriller games I've had the pleasure of playing in a long, long time.  9/10  buy it now"
76561197976717941,Recommended,214490,12565420,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,DKaiN,Best Alien game ever! Big fan of stealth games.
76561198011409936,Recommended,214490,12565743,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Big Kahuna,"It's quite simply the best Alien game out there.It is graphically appealing, the story is well developed and recreates flawlessly the atmosfere and artstyle of the first Alien movie.A must buy for any sci-fi and/or survival horror game fan. Not to mention Alien fans."
76561197970369663,Recommended,214490,12565850,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,ClearEcho,Alien Isolation:I have just finished the game after about 21 hours and think Alien Isolation is excellent. Everything looks like it should (Based on the films) and while playing you get the same scare you do from the films. They have nice space views (when you find windows) and most things are clear enough to figure out without too much thought (I did on one occasion go the wrong way). The station is relatively open to explore at times and still has moments when you are trapped trying to make your way through an area (I think it is a nice mix of situations). I have can honestly say I have been satisfied with this game.As for the things I would done differently if I were making this game I have made a small list as some people might find them 'good to know':1) I would allow for the Alien to die with any weapon you have (after the correct shot (fire arms) or damage taken (blast or flame weapons)).2) The Alien should not charge at you when fleeing from the flames of the flame thrower.3) I found one large door/wall that I could not get right up against and I think that should be corrected as it did break the seamlessness of the experience (I was randomly exploring so I doubt it will be noticed by many people).I also found a quirk were you can hide for a long as you want under desks from the Alien but the Robots will find you under these. I would not change this in game as I have stated above you can not damage the Alien at all so it's kind of a nice compromise with how the game works.I also noticed that some people have said the game is 'too long' but I think that the length actually aids in the experience. Simply because it allows for you to adjust to the scenario of an Alien monster you have to evade while completing objectives and makes you more a part of the experience. This also allows for you to improve your responses to the Alien and make it more of skill based progression than a 'run-luck' event between save points (I did save at every opportunity having said that).I also liked that the game gave you a sense of urgency without actually introduce timers (I did not test to find out if you can run out of time during certain events). I found the game in general did a really good job of allowing natural reactions actually progressing the plot and add to the experience of playing the game. I think this is my favourite Alien game to date.Hope this is of use to people who are thinking about buying Alien: Isolation.
76561198095576232,Recommended,214490,12420248,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Creedy,"Absolutely fantastic game.It took me 18 hours to beat the campaign, and the only downside I can think is that the Alien's AI is almost too damn smart. It feels like hours when you are hiding from the Alien, and it almost makes you too scared to want to leave your hiding spot for the first few encounters. Once you get farther into the game you do start to get more confident and be bolder, until the Aliengentlyreminds you who is really in control.Would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who loves horror games, or the Aliens franchise. This game truly is a masterpiece."
76561197970375614,Recommended,214490,12420261,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Eshtir,The Alien game we have been looking for. Also the engine is very well optimized and even runs and looks great on older computers.
,Recommended,214490,15270073,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,blushell -_-,"It's got an alien in it. And it doesn't suck....also, GET AWAY FROM HER YOU ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214490,15273117,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Medpack,"Alien Isolation is what Dead Space should have been, and what other thrillers like Outlast (which are very good btw), wish they could become. It has all the elements you would expect from a survival horror game + the gripping story line of the Alien series. The alien/human/synthetics encounters are not scripted and you will have mutiple choices on how to deal with them. Gameplay is smooth, without any bugs, the stealth system is well done, giving you plenty of chances, the crafting system is interesting and makes the game much more interesting than just a story.Graphics are pretty good, and the game runs smooth without any hiccups ever. Sound effects are the best, and the music is... well, its just Alien. Playing this game makes me want to watch all the classic Alien movies."
76561198066946128,Recommended,214490,15273489,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Rustle,The beeping sound that the motion tracker makes is going to haunt me in my dreams.
,Recommended,214490,15277448,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,XO,"Incredibly hard to stay alive, measly small amount of items/ammo, and a bit too much hiding for my taste, but.......It's the most tense, exciting, best sounding, best art directed, and overall scary games I've ever played. Is it worth $50 (current price)? Probably. It's supposedly a very long game, which is great because there's no multiplayer. But you wouldn't want multiplayer in a game that relies so heavily on stealth and the one-on-one relationship between you and ""the alien"" anyway.Again, amazing sound (won award/s for best sound in a game), incredible environmental design & art style, blistering intensity and great contols. Totally worth it, especially if you like sci-fi, stealth, and survival horror type games."
,Recommended,214490,15180994,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Mechman,"Amazing, this game FINALLY captures the first Ridley Scott's Alien movie. The atmosphere, gameplay, design and sound are all perfectly balanced to allow full immersion. This is an instant classic for me and a perfect addition to the stealth Survival genre. Would HIGHLY recommend as a perfect example of what games can do to enhance stories originating from movies."
76561197990552906,Recommended,214490,15181490,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SPACE_HOG,"Xenomorph, pfft, least of your worries."
,Not Recommended,214490,15181756,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Talthus,Too clunky for my tastes.
76561198001335631,Recommended,214490,15185475,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dkpminus,"A must have for Alien fans. This game condences the primal fear of the movies and delivers it like a shot of adrenaline. While Alien: Isolation doesn't break any moulds, it kows what it should do, and that is kick you into your fight or flight response. And boy does it do that well.Play this game at night with all the lights out and a good surround sound headset. But be warned, if you have a heart condition or any other stress induced medical issues, don't play. I can't remember the last time a game has made me taste true fear. I screamed like a little girl once or twice, I'm not ashamed to admit. And so will you. Ignore the meta score: yes, the game has it's faults, and yes, it can frustrate you from time to time when you don't know where to go....but all of that is nothing compared to the sheer masterpiece moments of terror, like hiding in a locker, holding your breath, while the alien sniffs at the door. Will it catch your scent and pull you from your hiding spot, only to hiss in your face in triumph before it ejects it's second mouth deep into your skull? Well, you'll never know if you don't buy the game! So do yourself a favor....buy it!"
,Recommended,214490,15185996,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,WatchKyle,A job well done SEGA!
,Recommended,214490,15187170,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Leviathon,I Have never freaked out that easily by a point on a radar.10/10
,Recommended,214490,15188188,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Lopine,One of my fav Aliens games. And personaly i like it that the player gets to play as a woman.There's way to many games where you play men against other men. Anyway i confidentley saythat this game is one of the few games that are garantied to scare you. I even enjoy the factthat you don't play as a veteran warrior but just a regular female engineer doing her job tryingto find her mom. You know regular stuff. Im a big fan of the Aliens and Predetor movies and thisis definetley one of the best Aliens games i have played. And within my first hour of playing this gamei found a Wall*E like toy that i acidentley knocked over and when i went back and noticed i had knocked it overit scared the crap out of me and made me want to run out screaming. Often even when the revolver is empteyi hold it im my hands for comfort. And yes i know it wont do any good but i do find it funny. So basicley i trongley recomend this game to horror game fans. The atmosphear of the game is amazing. Light and smoke effectslook really good. Anyway done rambling.
76561198152609171,Recommended,214490,15196990,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Drblaez,"If you're looking for a challenging horror game, this is for you. It is not the easiest, but that is what makes it amazing to me. The androids are terribly mean and volitile, which is great, I love getting my head slammed into a wall by an android.  Wish the game had autosave after completions tho, kinda sucks how you can complete an objective, and die trying to get back to a save point, then have to do the objective all over again. All in all great game, 9/10"
76561198083699187,Recommended,214490,15197658,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hyperborean,Truly a great horror (thriller?) game with a unique visual style that is true to itself. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,214490,15197678,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,PEEEKL REEEEECK WUBLADUBDUB,I regret buying this game because I can't play it for more than 20 minutes at a time before I need to kick my PC right in the NOPE and cuddle with my teddy bear.10/10
76561198034210176,Recommended,214490,13480513,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DK,"I just finished playing this on hard difficulty and this is one of the best games I have ever played. Terrifying, suspensful , stressful, yes... but wildly entertaining as well. I am trying to think of a time I have been more sucked into the atmosphere of a game but I am coming up short. Alien: Isolation reminds me strongly of System Shock 2 (which is probably the best praise I can give any game).I highly recommend playing this in a dark room with headphones on for full effect. In fact, headphones are an absolute must for this game as the environmental audio is pivotal to survival. Without them the game can become frustrating as the alien AI is merciless in tracking you down. Once you understand the unwritten rules surrounding the alien behavior, however, is when the game really hits its stride and you can begin exploring the beautiful Sevastipol station (which the developers spared no expense in detailing).This game really belongs in everyone's game collection but for those who are fans of the franchise, Sci-Fi fans or horror fans in general it is an absolute must own.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15203943,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Metasaurus Sex,"The one and only flaw in this game is the length.There were times near the end where i was asking myself, ""When is this going to be over?"" They could have ended it at a couple different times but dragged it on. They also could have made some parts of the game a little faster by making an area streamline. This would have made it a less lengthy game while also keeping the story how they wanted, but that's just me.On the lighter side, I absolutly loved this game because it put a new twist on survival horror. You had power with the devices you created, but it doesn't make you invincible because ammo and materials are scarce. If you drew too much attention to yourself with the devices you used the xenomorph hunts you. Hiding behind objects was a little glitchy sometimes though, but overall i had a really great experience.I would give it a 4/5 just because of the length of the game."
,Recommended,214490,15257810,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,ripley,Absolutely incredible game! Still playing it since the day of it's release!
76561198156989886,Recommended,214490,14199954,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,da_real26,Very good game
,Recommended,214490,15260256,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AssassinXD,"This is very awesome game from beginning to end. If you are a big fan of games like Dead Space then this game is for you. This game is full on survining from the Aliens, Androids, and Rebels. I played the game for 3 days now and it just gives you the creep and the edge of your seat that you want to finish the game.  Very good storyline and I am glad I bought it when it was on sale."
76561198007295974,Recommended,214490,15261903,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Smudge,This game made me cri 103 times.10/10
76561198007664605,Recommended,214490,12428964,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kozferatu,"A tentative thumbs up but somwhat underpinned by a very real sense of disappointment.What it does well (namely the xenomorph) it does very well. Sadly, rather than being a relatively sandboxy environment with you pursuing any number of 'quests' to retrieve the black box information and survive - all the while with some alien killer stalking you and the NPC survivors around a vast open(ish)-world environment - what you have is a very linear series of missions with scripted events although with a (mostly) non-scripted alien.I guess I was really hoping for a First-Person version of this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4BYLSoa5AoEven the 'Crew Expendable' DLC (which I have been playing more than the actual main storyline) isn't very open-world, but a series of encounters in different parts of the Nostromo. I would much rather have free reign over the entire ship, knowing that somewhere the alien is looking, lurking, hunting.Ultimately, the whole experience feels forced and contrived. The tension isn't 'natural' but engineered.The most frustrating thing is that this is only a hair's-breadth away from being the 'perfect game'. So close.TL;DR In space no-one can hear you sigh."
76561198043310018,Recommended,214490,12426844,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Marco,very scary game / Ca fou la chienne!!
,Recommended,214490,12429488,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Graeves,"A horror with survival aspects that rivals the first deadspace game, but in the alien universe. I mean there are so many ways they could have gone wrong... but they executed this game really well. They got the music, asethetic, combat pretty much right. Bravo and keep this up. You guys have done something nobody else could do(make a proper alien game)."
,Recommended,214490,12429559,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Nodiesop,"Definitely a required play for anyone who loved the original Alien movie.  Stealth is the only play you have, so get to crafting gadgets to buy you time, and put that motion sensor away."
76561198007944731,Recommended,214490,12429681,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,(╯°□°）╯FO SHIZZLE,i am only here because i needed to calm down. ITS FRIGGEN CLUTCH IN THERE!10/10
,Recommended,214490,12429816,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ronanwar,I crapped my pants approximately 3 times and my heart malfunctioned 5 times and i'm only 4 hours into the game... 11/10
76561198053591822,Recommended,214490,12429965,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,flux4826,"Terrifying and atmospheric. Perhaps you spend a bit too much time simply cowering in lockers waiting for the alien to go away, but that's not that bad a thing. Highly recommended."
76561197986484371,Recommended,214490,12430122,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Upgrayedd,Story is long but addictive. One of those titles that will make you want to see what happens next.Small object physics could use some real tuning.
76561198014937818,Recommended,214490,12430144,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,_-SpUtNiK-_,This game is fantastic.They got the atmosphere of the Alien movies nailed perfectly.I highly recommend it!
76561198028675956,Recommended,214490,12430234,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,curtlegion,This is a good game. Buy it. Play it and have fun. An actual Alien game that is good. Hope they make a second one.
,Recommended,214490,12430223,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Milwaki,"Someone finally gets an Alien game right, holding true to the original Alien movie in story and style. You play the role of Ellen Ripley's daughter Amanda who is keen to find out what happened to her mother. Skip the next two paragraphs if you want to avoid mild spoilers.Early in your journey you encounter a devastated space station called Sevastopol. From here, the game has you carry out a number of tasks; nabbing keycards for certain areas, finding supplies and information about others on the station all while the lone Alien hunts you down. If that didn't seem terrifying enough, the Alien isn't the only threat. Other survivors on the station have grown very paranoid and will shoot at anyone they see. Several androids have gone rampant as well that will beat and choke you to death.Thanks to everything wanting you dead, much of the game is sneaking, and as you can only save at emergency hubs it means you can go a while without a save. This can get mighty frustrating when you don't have proper supplies to defend yourself, and when you're required to replay an unskippable cutscene everytime you die; it will happen a lot.Tips: Don't make a sound, seriously none, many of the enemies in the game will hear you, the Alien especially. Don't sprint, or you'll just be begging to get taken out. If the Alien is nearby, don't waste ammo on other enemies because it will only get you killed quicker. Hide in vents when you can, but be careful, the Alien can use them too. Just because the Alien is nearby on the motion tracker does not necessarily mean it knows where you are. Save every time you see a hub, loading screens do not mean a checkpoint; if you die you'll restart back at the last hub.The soundtrack, visuals and game mechanics were all incredibly well done. As a fan of the movies, I feel it did an amazing job capturing the same look and texture throughout. It was honestly the most tense playthrough of a game that I've done. Filled with jump scares and racing hearts, even still I couldn't put it down. My only complaint would be that the random spawn locations of the Alien can make the game unbalanced at times, especially if you don't have any supplies to defend yourself. More than a few times I found myself with no other option than running away, and getting killed over and over and over until eventually the Alien's spawn allowed me to get away before he could catch me.This is a very tough game even on medium. If you're looking for a cinematic experience, I'd recommend just watching the movies again. This game will beat you up, but in the end you will love it, and have an ever greater respect for the movies. Must play for any fans of Alien."
,Recommended,214490,12430436,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ShinyHobo,I hid in a closet for half an hour before deciding to venture out... only to be impaled moments later.10/10
76561198024106862,Recommended,214490,12430783,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jet Krosswind,"Alien: Isolation is an unrelenting survival game where stealth is key. Enemies are far stronger that Ripley, which requires finesse through most encounters. While humans and androids are a constant threat, the terror of an Alien stalking your presense keeps you from making too much noise. An android is attacking you and you decide to use your gun? Big mistake, here comes the Alien!The game has a very Bioshock type feel to it. If you enjoy games like Bioshock, or survival horrors, you will most certainly enjoy this game."
76561197970411113,Recommended,214490,12430932,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Airman Parker,"If running around scared of the potential for an immediate death by a blood thirsty monster sounds like fun, well hurry and buy this game.  Atmosphere seems spot on."
,Recommended,214490,12406124,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,echo27fire,"Edit: 10-Oct-14This game is perhaps the best in the entire survivial horror genre. The gameplay is beautifly crafted and well exicuted. The atmosphere of the the station is captivateing. Perhaps the most captivateing though is perhaps the most dangerous foe ever. The Alien.The presance, or lack of, defines your world. Success is measured not by what level you reach, but by which crate you were able to move to, what save station you reached. At times I exited the game feeling both mentaly and physicaly draned. The alien demands every bit of attention and respect. It's behavior, defines yours. Not to say that its the only enemy in the game, but the only one that demands such levels of attention.This is not all the good things about this game. There are other reviews I'm sure that go into far more detail than I. This is just what has left an impression on me. This is also not to say that the game is flawless. There is definatly some minor issues.I will finish on this note. This is not a game that hold your hand and shows you how to play. There's quite a bit you have to figure out on your own."
76561198149709170,Recommended,214490,12431329,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Chainingodst,"This game has amazayan graphics. and is @ucking scary as hell! Annyone who enjoys horror should play this! for a first survival horror game ive played, I rate it 1000/10 heart attacks. (oh.... and did i mention. THE JUMSCARES!!!!!"
,Recommended,214490,12431564,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SideWinder,"So I'm not even an hour in and I've already♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and Crapped myself... But if you want an real opinion all i can say is this. Teh game is puit together well IE. Beautiful scenery, Decent mechanics, Modern Graphics, and talk about jump sacres for days. All in all 11/10 would hide in a locker again."
76561197984189407,Recommended,214490,12431642,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mega Iron Mode,"Love the lofi tech feel, perfectly done."
76561197985782402,Recommended,214490,12431895,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Lord Khane,"Alien:  Isolation, was a lot of fun and great survivalist experiance.   You do get to take it to the bad guys a bit but for the most part this game is about staying alive and accomplishing your objectives while avoiding being detected, much like the movies.I really enjoyed this new alien game certainly a step in the right direction for the IP.  Some people complain about the alien always being near, being too fast, killing you if you run or being able to hide from it by crouching and walking around a table. I find that if you play the game the way Ripley, would be acting in that situation in the movie, you do just fine.   In areas where I just knew the ailen would be all over it was not but one wrong move and it was there in a split second. If I took off running because I was getting impatient, there it was, I would have to hide and wait for it to clear out before continuing.  Running comes in handy when they are far away, at the end of a hall for example, it will help you to break line of sight and get in a locker or under a table. Then you have to wait a bit before they lose interest.  As for hiding behind tables and other things I can see the gripe, but in the situations these folks are talking about I could see someone smashing flat up against the back of a booth as tight as you can to minimize what can be seen.  So accurate tactic in my opinion but not executed perfect visually here.The graphics and environment are spot on with what you would expect from Alien. Audio right there with the visuals keeping you on the edge of your seat.Plays alot like Dead Space, only Alien themed, with the mindset on stealth.Many of the issues people complain about can be addressed in the expansions and patches to improve or minimize."
76561197998424852,Recommended,214490,12432254,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,-=GA=- Jedimastermace,This game is definately what the Alien game franchise has been waiting for!! Right from the begining its full of suspense and will have you creeping around and scared of the shadows! Absolute awesome game!!
,Recommended,214490,15464085,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,SlizZo,Awesome! And scary as ♥♥♥♥!
76561198055286585,Recommended,214490,15465571,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,qacwnfq,Waiting simulator. 11/10 would wait again.
76561198139225839,Recommended,214490,15471619,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,sd313,"Amazing graphics and great overall gameplay, some things to note:Patience is key and running all around the place will get you killed fast.Strategy is also important, kowing where the alien is at all times will help you get around alot faster.It will get nerve racking quick, especially after getting killed constantly because the alien won't leave you alone for over a couple of seconds at times and getting shoutdown at almost every exit.The game does get a little repetitive overtime.Completing the game on normal, it was harder than what I expected it to be.The game was also alot longer than what I thought it would be, took me about 21 hrs to finish.Overall, a great game that should be given a shot whether your an alien fan or not."
76561198026987766,Not Recommended,214490,15474012,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Keorymeshy,"Spent almost an hour runnng around in a circle. Never saw an alian or anything. wish there was some kind of help, but nothing just got to bump into walls till click E pops up.  Biggest let down ive ever played in my life, and I'm a die hard fan of Alians."
76561197988823556,Recommended,214490,15132784,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Libla,"The graphics and sound engineering is breath takingly good. The atmosphere is genuine. Hacking in the systems could be more innovative but it is still ok. If you are a Alien (especially Alien 1!) fan and you like stealth games you are gonna like this one.Everything has been modelled really loyally with alien 1 style. There is lot of recognizable elements from the Alien movies in this game. ""Save points"" are sometimes just too far but that is just _sometimes_. Long distances between save points keep you on your toes and death can come quickly if you don't pay attention to your motion tracker and sounds around you.Then a little bit about specs. Alien Isolation runs supprisingly fine with my i5 and GTX660! It has been optimized quite well. So don't be afraid that it will suck life from your pc with these awesome graphics.And by the way on the hard difficulty it is the best crouching simulator ever.Alien Isolation is a unique exprerience that every hardcore Alien fan should have.As a fan I'll give it: 9,5/10"
,Recommended,214490,12467163,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,HellbillyDeluxe,"Finally a worthy Alien game! Everyone had high hopes in Aliens: Colonial Marines, but we all know how this story ends. Now Alien: Isolation is out and the game won't disappoint true Alien fans. Don't expect the game to be a shooter, because it's not. The game is based on the very first Alien movie and you virtually have no weapons to defend yourself against the Alien. You can craft some tools to distract it, but you won't be able to kill it like in the other Aliens shooters. This is a survival horror game with an atmosphere so thick that you can cut right through it. The game gets frustrating from time to time but it's designed this way. The Alien is supposed to be an unfair, cruel and superior creature that you can't escape. If you want an Alien game with a great story, deep atmosphere and don't mind hiding in a locker for 15 minutes, then this is your game!"
76561197964502437,Recommended,214490,13276947,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Sgt. Barnes,"This game is ok but does have some shortcomings. The aliasing  huge problem and is usually very noticable, no matter what AA settings are used.(Nvidia Control Panel overrides do not affect anything.) This game was clearly made for console kiddies, as demonstrated by the style of interacting with locked doors and generators. This mechanic grows stale very fast.Edit: I am changing my  review to recommend the game.Here is why:The game is not as bad as I made it out to be above.  The game is a console port but it is a well done port.  If your gpu is strong enough you can ues DSR or equivalent feature to reduce the aliasing. With a gtx 970 gpu 60 fps can be maintained at 2.25 factor DSR @1080p.  The game does look really good and the lighting is done really well. It feel nice to have to turn on a flashlight to make it easier to read the various emergency warnings and other decals.  These do not have anything to do with gameplay unfortunately, but they look really good.I would like to see better interaction with doors, possible puzzle based hacking or something.I would like to see the alien kill the androids instead of ignoring them.I would like to see the alien covered in blood after he kills a group of people and more gore to this game in general.In short if you can get this game at a nice discount then it WILL NOT be a dissapointment."
76561198045653877,Not Recommended,214490,15429438,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,deathwish,"its feels like a alien movie. reminds me of the starting vault of fallout 3 when you go back. stealth is good, but running feels like she is drunk. graphics are good, blah blah. but none of it matters when you can be killed by a cinamatic out of no where. she literally stop moving, then looked down and there was a tail sticking through her stomach. there was no noise, no where for it to hide, didnt even get the motion detecter yet. just appeared behind me and stabbed me, and it was a cinamatic death. given it looked cool, but it takes away from the very reason you play a game. you play to get good, learn from your mistakes, and eventually win. now i understand what people mean by horror in this game. its not the alien your afraid of, its the game. because it can kill you whenever it dam well pleases and you cant stop it. if you dont mind a game that kills you just because it can, then by all means get this. ill never understand this jump into games playing you, not you playing the game.after thinking about it, i realalize what this game is. its a feeder mouse simulater. you are a mouse being thrown into a maze cage. made to run around looking for a way out, but eventually are going to get eaten anyway because your dinner. you are a cloned person being used as food for a alien pet."
,Not Recommended,214490,15431432,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,OSad,"An accessible, aesthetically consistent and gorgeous game marred by the very entity in its title: the Alien.To clarify, if the Alien's actions weren't so deeply rooted in the player's every movement, this game would be a glowing example of a horror/survival horror hybrid. The survival horror parts, namely the engagements between you and other humans (or synthetics) are very well balanced: resources are scarce, and avoiding combat is advisable, but if you must get into a scrape, you can expend your resources to survive and move forward regardless.However, as soon as it moves into the pure horror part of the game, namely the Alien sections (they are nearly two-thirds of the game, by the way), the game falls flat very quickly. Creative Assembly have done a bang-up job presenting the Alien as something to be afraid of again, and during your first real encounter with the organism you will inevitably feel some fear and thrill as it literally stalks you out as its prey. However, make no mistake, the thrill quickly becomes frustration and annoyance when you realize that this horror game is incredibly unforgiving.To start with, the save system is simply awful. Not in the sense that it's unusable, but in the fact that the game has no autosaves (save for a single, privileged section I can recall). If the game does not give you a save point, or you simply miss one trying to avoid the Alien, then you'd better have your wits about you and stay sharp, knowing that if you die, it's *all* the way back to your previous save. This makes avoiding the Alien less of a fun experience and more of a tense, unpleasant chore.When you start thinking about the word ""chore"", you see that it fits into a lot of what the game devolves to. Depending on your difficulty setting, you may find yourself sitting anywhere from a few to a few dozen minutes on a locker, eyes glued on your motion tracker waiting for the Alien to recede back into a vent. You can only spare a few moments to relax and advance however, as less than a minute later, the Alien, on any difficulty setting, may be back on the ground and on your tail. This is actually pretty exhilarating the first couple of times you have to sit through it, but once you realize that you're barely making any sort of progress, it again brings back the concept of sitting through a lecture or doing a chore.It's a shame too, because Sevastapol station clearly had a lot of care put into it during development, but often times there's little chance to explore, take in the view or even catch your breath... because of the Alien. He is simply obsessed with you and will not spare any expense to hug you to death back to your last save.It doesn't help that the game sometimes deals you a bad hand on the hiding mechanics. On any difficulty setting, the Alien has a chance to lean in on your hiding places, prompting you for a split second to hold your breath and lean back (this is never introduced as a tutorial, and feels like a cheap ""gotcha!"" move by the developers) in order to avoid the Alien. Why is it though, based on the unpredictable A.I. of the Alien, that he doesn't check any other locker besides the one you're in? Of course, if you get caught, there is no chance to fight back, it's back to your last save.It is highly advisable that you do *not* play this game on the difficulty the developers intended you to play it, which is Hard, as stated by them. If you're looking for a thrilling, frightening experience, and not a really stagnant, boring one, I would not recommend anything past Easy. I personally started on Hard and found that the Alien is just simply too active and aggressive. Too often I found myself sitting on lockers idly and inching ever so slower for the game to allow any sort of tension to build. The Alien simply does not let you simmer in your own fear, making every encounter with him meaningless and anger-inducing instead of interesting and frightening.The game controls fine and is very well animated, with plenty of good-looking contextual actions and setpieces. It looks fantastic as far as lighting and wall textures go (something difficult to pull out without proper knowledge of bump-mapping), and runs silky 60-frames smooth even on an old machine like mine, marred by a GTX 760 and i7 2600k. This cannot be understated: the game never failed to impress me as far as visual prowess is concerned.As far as a game involved in the Aliens storyline is concerned, this game is actually very accessible and I had no trouble getting into it, even though I've never watched a movie in the franchise. It explains itself well enough and requires nearly no background information to be enjoyed. It arguably overstays its welcome, being actually quite a sizable game, with a fair bit of backtracking. It felt like it could've easily had about two to four hours less content and it would still justify its price tag, but I shan't argue for games with less content in them.This game is fantastic in every way, except for its horror part. I would completely recommend a purchase, but unfortunately, the Alien simply drags the experience through the mud. Not even on Novice is it fun to engage with such a brutal, unforgiving mechanic, and if you're playing on Hard, I really do feel for you.Alien: Isolation. The Alien actually ruins the game for me."
,Recommended,214490,15433563,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Gladius_tes,"INCREDIBLE!  A true survival horror game.  Very cenimatic, eerie, and engrossing.  Isolation feels, looks, and runs like a sequel to the original Alien movie, and thats pretty much what it is.  Everything about this game is perfect, gameplay, crafting, stealth, AI, you name it.  The alien is absolutely the most terrifying thing about the game.  It is smart, it is deadly, and it is incredibly scary to encounter (especially since you can't kill it.  If it sees you, you're probably already dead.)  If you like the Alien series, or just sci-fi horror, this is the game for you."
76561198065722172,Recommended,214490,15524801,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Centuriarch,"The atmosphere of the game is  absolutely terrifying, even when I know the Alien is not present, I'm absolutely terrified it might show up, no matter where I am in the game. The pacing is amazingly good, and the game progresses at a very solid rate.Recommend for anyone who is interesting in Survival Horror games, or anyone who enjoys the Alien(s) universe.On a side note- Anyone who likes Alien for AvP or action games, this probably isn't for you, it's pure, unadulterated, xenomorph terror."
,Recommended,214490,15528927,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Rob Massacre,Stunning Graphics and it tells a great story and understanding into the history into Alien.
76561198013489997,Recommended,214490,15680296,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Seath the Scaleless,"Possibly the best Alien game ever made. Creative Assembley did a fantastic job catpuring the aesthetic of the first Alien film. The look and feel of the environments and even the UI immerses you in the world. Alien has been one of my all time favorite films for a long time, ever since I first saw it sometime back in the 90s. If you're a fan of the films (Alien and Aliens), I would highly recommend this game. If you're a fan of survival horror, I highly reccomend this game. Bottom line, I highly recommend this game."
76561197998661288,Recommended,214490,15788955,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,richard,"Captures a totally different feel than the other Alien games, it emphasies on atmospherics and visual and audio realism. This game is a created with close attention to detail and real finess. An absolute must for Alien fans.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,15789881,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,"Perfect game of survival horror, there is some moments when i jumped of my seatWe need more like that"
,Recommended,214490,15783865,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Backpfeifengesicht,"Pffft Completed FNAF2 Didn't Get Scared Gonna Ace This!5 Minutes Later""Watches PewDiePie For Every Single Step So All Scary Scenes Are Not Scary But Still Scare You""8/8 m8 would r8 again"
76561198134223364,Recommended,214490,15778961,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Th4yl0g,"Get out from under your rock and play this game! It, for me, has givin' me hope for true Horror games to still have a future in gaming. It's a must play. It's one of the few games that got my heart going and my hands sweating."
,Recommended,214490,14699533,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Str8 Outta Cuckistan,"Ignore the gameplay time, I played the whole game through with an offline copy.Honestly I wasn't expecting much from an Alien title, especially given how awful the series has become over the last decade or so. To sum it all up, I was completely blown away and I think you will be as well.Story:A lot of previous Alien games have completely disregarded what Alien as a series should be. They tend to tell a story about some space marines who run around and shoot big squishy aliens in the face. This game is quite the opposite, in that it's pretty much as close to the first alien movie as you can get without feeling like you know the full story already. The set up for the characters worked quite well and I was immediately immersed by their believable personalities. The story is quite long and filled with suspense the whole way through. Just when you think you've earned some wiggle room or escaped the danger there's another problem with the station or another encounter with the alien. Some people tell me they thought the story was too long, and there may be some validity to that statement. Often times your movement through the game is slowed down immensely by the fear of being killed, so stealth and careful decisions must be exercised. This does add a lot of time to the story, but I feel that this adds weight to the progression in each chapter.Gameplay:Controls are very smooth and responsive. I found it very rare to feel like I have no control over my character or how I died. All of the mechanics seem very functional and well implemented. There are tons of ways the alien can catch you by surprise or chase you down, and there are equally many ways for you to avoid those traps, run away, or hide. The hiding places are spread out enough that you feel vulnerable moving around, but there are enough places to use to your advantage that if you plan ahead you can be fairly safe. The weapons available are great to get you out of a bad spot, but you'll have to heavily consider whether or not it's worth it to use a weapon at any given time. Making noise means dealing with the alien, but humans and androids can kill you too. You can flame the alien for a quick get away, but the fuel runs out fast and doesn't provide a permanent solution. Ultimately the weapons feel like tools which can augment your stealth and are not insta-kill buttons, which I like.Graphics:Nothing to complain about here. I was able to run SLI with no issues and the available settings allowed for an enhanced field of view. THANK YOU, Creative Assembly, for giving us the FOV options. The standard FOV is very restrictive and feels awful to play. Framerate was very stable with SLI 780's and a 4790K. The only issue was a wierd glitch where the game would go into slow-mo for a few minutes for seemingly no reason after a cut scene, then eventually everything would return to normal. I'll attribute this to the offline version, which may have had some errors with the install. Textures and lighting look awesome. Characters have excellent modeling and textures, leading to a more believable game world. Probably one of the best looking and best running games I have played to date.Sound:I really can't say enough about the sound. Every creak and moan of the station seems to be realistic, and eventually after a few encounters with the alien these subtle sounds will send you into panic mode. The sound of the alien is very distinct and gives you a sense of how ♥♥♥♥ed you are. I just use stereo headphones and I was able to use the sound to position the enemies in my mind very clearly. No wierd sound glitches really to speak of.Overall:This is what the alien series has needed for years. This finally brings the franchise back to where it should be, and it does it very well. If you like the original alien film or any sci-fi horror in general you absolutely cannot afford to miss playing this game."
,Not Recommended,214490,14702431,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,A Dead Canadian Cat,Looks like a very Interesting game! I sadly paid full price (69.99$) and it won't even run due my Nvidia gtx 970 causing constant crashes. I can't even get 5 minutes in before it breaks. I wish I could actually play this game but my 350$ graphics card simply can't handle it for some reason. Very dissapointed.
76561198010114285,Recommended,214490,14702805,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,tarantula,"A game i've been waiting for, fighting is a bad idea, the key to winning is Survival, Escape Resist and Evasion, your wits carry more weight than the lead in the bullets. It's kept me on my toes and made me paranoid about every sound and bit of light, it has it's flaws like any other game but they are overshadowed by the amazing atmosphere the game generated, worth the money easily."
,Recommended,214490,14707342,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,liminal18,"It's a love letter to the Alien film, it has flaws, but those flaws are a product of it's ambition i.e. a truly great A.I. The ending... yeah ok well."
76561198054496862,Recommended,214490,14711645,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Freedom-Fiesta,"I bought this game when it came out, played for 2 hours, by myself, in the middle of the night with headphones.I have not played it since.Because NOPE.NOPE.NOPE.NOPE.NOPE.Best reminder of childhood fear. 10/10 would run like a little b**** again."
76561198143548698,Recommended,214490,14711994,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,stevros179,9/10  Game of the year 2014.I would recommend this game to any Alien/sci-fi fan.
76561198095720990,Recommended,214490,13547540,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,✠ShErKy✠,This game is very very GOOD. It's a must have!
,Recommended,214490,14441393,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Taco's Modern Rice,"I could not possibly go over everything that makes this game fantasic because I'd get bored and never finish, so I'll list the four (that's it, only 4) detractors I have found, two of which are really nit-picky.1) Some pretty bad animation issues. Floating guns, the tutorial character crawled through a closed vent cover, and the character lip movement was lacking. Broke the immersion the nearly photo-realistic graphics provide. A little more work would have gone a long way here.2)Quick-time event ""final boss.""3) The game has a game-saving mechanic that should have kept the player immersed, but when you use these terminals, a window pops up asking if you really want to save. They should never have put that in.4) The first thing you see when you launch the game is a stylized 20th Century Fox intro, followed by fantastic Creative Assembly and SEGA logos in the style of the Alien universe computer graphics. These really got me in the mood. And then... ****ing AMD comes in with its stupidly obnoxious and in-your-face clip that they had to put in. Ugh. Bothered me every time.Otherwise, OUTSTANDING Alien game on all fronts."
76561198070797299,Recommended,214490,12459705,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,fucking clarence,"Not only is this a excellent Alien game, it is one of the best survival horror games I have ever played. After the previous dissappointements from other developers the franchise has finally received a game that has lived up to the expectations and quality level of the first two movies. Creative Assembly have deliverd one of the most intense and terrifying games I have ever played. While some may find the length of the game too long (about 25 hours for me to complete on hard) the pacing and story as well as the surprises in the game and the incredible AI of the Alien kept it fresh and engaging thorughout and I definately enjoyed the length, especially considering how short many games are today, you are definetly getting your moneys worth here.You also get a survival mode. Graphics are visually amazing and look real especially the ligthing and animations, such as the alien, flares, fire, sparks, etc. The game captures the style and atmosphere prefectly, which makes it feel like you  are in the films.  I really cant wait to see what else CA have planned for this franchise as it is obviously in the hands of ,capable, passionate and faithful developers.Overral this game nearly all the boxes, amazing gameplay, graphics,great sound design, greatly optimized for hardware, etc, more anti alisng options would have been preferred  however, custscenes could have been more refined, there were a few glitches.  I definetly recommend it to any one who is a Alien fan, or anyone who enjoys survival horror games. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,14427981,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,JonnySnow,"The horror genre has kinda become an outlet for making games that are purely the same ""Run away from the scary thing! You are weak and helpless! Let's scare you and you can upload your funny facecam to youtube!"" stuff for the last few years. Games like Amnesia, its sequel, and Outlast become hiding simulators and feel like the same old thing. However, Alien Isolation mixes things up and I think it might be the best horror game I have played in years. It has great gameplay and amazing atmosphere. I love the graphics in this game. Everything looks straight out of the Ridley Scott movie and it runs very well on PC. The gameplay is very intense and there's a lot of strategy you can come up with. I hope they make a sequel to this game because this was not only a good Alien game but a good game overall."
76561197967282234,Recommended,214490,14428174,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Eagle,"This game is fantastic, and the Alien is wonderful! I have spent countless moments holding my breath in real life as that creature quietly walks around the room past my hiding spot, hoping I don't press the wrong button and pop out. Some of my kids have also played and we huddle around the computer screaming at the top of our lungs as he tries to turn a corner to safety and we just need a few more feet.... BOOM! Dead! I love it.Once the Alien is out, it can close a distance to you in a blink. Terrifying.On my first attempt to play it, I chickened out and made my son play it. I sat behind him telling him, ""Be brave. Just go for it!"" hehe.The game play is smooth and looks great. I have  a pretty beefy computer so I don't know how efficient the graphics are. I am so satisfied."
76561197972117542,Recommended,214490,14431564,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Dekkart,"TLDR: Alien Isolation provides a very atmospheric movie-like experience. Definitely recommended to Alien-Fans and survival-horror gamers, others might get frustrated either by repetition or disappointing gaps in the game design.I do not like survival horror games that much, which is why I might basically not be the right type of gamer to play or review Alien Isolation. I am, nonetheless, a huge fan of the whole Alien franchise ever since I saw the movies and played AVP1 and AVP2, which is the reason why I just had to play this game.Turns out, it was a good choice to leave my comfort zone to delve into a genre which actually does give you some decent but eventually useless weapons into your hands while forcing you to hinde behind corners, under desks, in lockers and of course the obligatory and plentiful ventilation and maintenance shafts. While I dont like being harrassed by invincible enemies and get bored by the always repetitive hide and seek stuff, this principle makes so much sense applied to a game adaptation of the original Alien movie. In this regard, the game excels remarkably. Everything in this game from soundtrack to visual style feels very familiar from the movie and provides a story which extends the Alien universe in an original but highly respective way. Thumbs up for the design!The same is true for most of the mechanics. Playing this on hard difficulty, which challenged me pretty much at some points, I was totally annoyed by some of the nothing else than time consuming mini-games and qte-like sequences where you need to push buttons, turn wheels, pull levers and similar stuff. It just feels terrible when hitting keys on some computer while you hear noises of an approaching adversary. The thing is, it just has to feel terrible! Hacking annoying door locks while an Alien croaches up behind you is creating exactly the kind of suspense I felt when I watched the first alien movie. Accepting repeated awful deaths and the general powerlessness will enable you to enjoy this game as a horror-movie like experience, which goes much deeper under the skin than any shocking sequence in AVP1 or AVP2 which eventually could just be blown away with almighty guns and explosives.Of course, some aspects are frustrating nonetheless. Staying true to the visuals, the movie provided, also means that most parts of Sevastopol station look pretty similar. There is the occasional eyecandy here and there, but eventually the scenic bandwidth remains limited. Also, some game design aspects feel slightly stupid, such as the pointless Ion torch upgrades which just open the next door and maybe one or two at some earlier sections which you return to later anyway. Also, there are points in the game which are designed frustratingly difficult by purpose, while other parts are ridiculously easy even on hard. A bit more reliance on the idea of an actively scouting Alien and the possibility to lure it away from you, setting up traps and applaying ruses could have turned the scope of the game a bit more towards strategic thinking and a more balanced and logical experience.Nevertheless, I think Alien Isolation provides a very atmospheric movie-like experience. Definitely recommended to Alien-Fans and survival-horror gamers, others might get frustrated either by repetition or disappointing gaps in the game design.Note: This is only a review of the campaing, there is a ""survival"" challenge mode which might offer new excitement, but I am not too much interested in that part."
76561198037001499,Recommended,214490,14571903,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cthulhu Guy,"I loved this game. If you liked Amnesia and Penumbra but felt like it got a little boring after awhile, this will be your fix. It kept me at the edge of my seat and when it scares, it freaking scares. I jumped a few times. The jump scares are pretty great. The alien is terrifying and you do feel like nothing next to it, but you don't feel completely vunerable, thank you flame thrower."
76561197970943994,Recommended,214490,14574097,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,I Am Legend,Spent 44 hours playing Alien: Isolation. Awesome game!!! Highly recommend it!! Great job Creative Assembly!
76561198071299875,Recommended,214490,14318479,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,gmsnoodles,I read a lot of reviews before buying this and there's been sooooo many disappointing Alien games...but this is exactly what an Alien game should be and it's awesome! I saw some mixed reviews for this online but those people have beans for brains!
76561198043469907,Recommended,214490,14319077,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Mars Exulte,"AI is not scary. We're all very familiar with the Alien at this point, it's hard to be ""scared"". However, the perpetual feeling of being hunted is amazingly tense. Play it by yourself, in a dark room, with no distractions. It's great!"
76561197963544661,Recommended,214490,14314915,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Krushmeat,"I'm going to recommend this game with a caveat: if you have a strong imagination, or a heart condition, you probably should not get this game. While I have enjoyed playing, it's now giving me nightmares, and a lot of them. For this reason, I'm going to stop playing the game. I love the atmosphere, the level design, and of course, Xenomorph T. Alien. But it's disturbing my sleeping patterns, so I have to say goodbye for now, and probably forever. There are plenty of reviews outlining the problems with this game, and they are correct. However, for me, it's just too riveting, and the nightmares it's spawning are too real.I want to go to sleep and have dreams of kittens and bunny rabbits, or hot chicks who want something from me, not dreams where I'm running and hiding from you-know-who.So, it's farewell to this game. Very effective it is in creating an atmosphere of terror and fear. Too effective IMHO.I'm going to go take a nap now, and hopefully, H.R. Giger's living vision of death won't be there waiting for me...again."
76561198026151406,Recommended,214490,14322131,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,DruBaru,Scary as Hell. The ships atmo is rediculous. As a Big Fan of the first movie this hits to the core.
,Recommended,214490,14482766,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Nebbo,Havent even encountered the alien yet and already I can tell the atmosphere has been done perfectly. This really does feel like an 'Alien' movie.Been waiting for them to get an Alien game right for a long time and this definately feels like it.
76561197989659114,Recommended,214490,12473401,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Elren The Red Panda [NCE],"This game... I so scary.It is perfect.  The Atmosphere, the astetics, the story.  It really captures the first Alien movie in its entirity.  I highly recommend."
,Recommended,214490,12473705,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Shred,I pooped a little.10/10
,Recommended,214490,12473721,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,IamBramer,It's got everything I look in a good horror game. Forces you to play smart and react quickly. You get really immersed with the enviroment and the sounds.
76561197960696471,Recommended,214490,12474252,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Hansenhaus,"The game has exceeded expecations by far.  The developers have done a great job of capturing the feel of the first Alien film by Ridley Scott. While playing my heart rate rises considerably and on serveral occasions I've jumped out of my seat. Also, the sound is very well done and I get creeped out all the time playing with a 5.1 system or with headphones on. Whether or not you are a fan of the Alien franchise I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,214490,12474365,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,GrizzlySol,"A well polished, stealth masterpiece by Creative Assembly who have no experience in the genre, yet create one of the best iterations of the genre in recent history. This game will keep you on edge and loving every detail of the experience, from start to finish."
76561198010279088,Recommended,214490,12474399,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Gandal,By far the best Alien's game I have ever played. Can't wait to test this thing on the Oculus Rift
,Recommended,214490,12474405,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Torn,This game is phenominal! You get a real sense of loneliness that the main character is going through. Having to go through all the corridors being quiet and not trying to engage with an Android and/or Alien.The ambient noises coupled with the high pitch sound when you are within feet of an Android and/or Alien put you in a state of pure horror. Phenominal!I recommend this game to any one who want a game that will truely scare them!
,Recommended,214490,12474570,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,All Might,I have to say this game really keeps me on edge in a good way I always love the Alien series movies and this game kinda brings back the good old times when I watch the movies and this game does brings the scares I'm enjoying the game good job Creative Assembly u guys are awesome :)
,Recommended,214490,12475031,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Harukawa Maki,"Finally, an Alien game that doesn't suck. The game has eerie music and setting and beautiful graphics. It's finally a good Alien game that's true to the source material."
,Recommended,214490,12475347,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,The Angry Arab,Alien Isolation with the Oculus Rift DK2 is a must. This is the most terrifying thing ever made.
76561197964666477,Recommended,214490,12475548,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,dim,"One the best Alien game, with AvP and AvP2 from the 2000s.This one is based on the vision of Ridley Scott, so it's no action game, it's all about stealth, and atmosphere (like the first movie)."
76561198055327799,Recommended,214490,12475771,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,DR01D,Alien: Isolation recreates the tense and dark atmosphere created in the first movie down to the last detail. Finally a worthy addition to the franchise.
76561197969926195,Recommended,214490,12476291,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Harbinger of Chaos,"Daaaamn. Scary♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you love Alien (and who doesn't?), get this game!"
76561198003083391,Recommended,214490,12502099,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Raging_Matrix_,Fantastic game great graphics and story line just awsome game very scary. If your looking for 3rd person shooter this is not it but you will be shooting.
99999912734545377,Recommended,214490,12502574,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Potross,"This game captures the essence of the original Alien by Ridley Scott in 1979 - The technology is spot on, and the fear created by the alien is gripping, and real. recommended buy for any fan of the Aliem francise or a horror game fan in general, 8.9/10 from me :)"
,Recommended,214490,12502984,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Freeboy,This game makes Amnesia look like baby stuff.I hate this game. 5/5
76561197977065882,Recommended,214490,12503834,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SpynalTom,"I have only played this game in the Oculus Rift DK2, so my opinion may is skewed. I recommend this game to every gamer I talk to. Fantastic atmosphere, and very fun. Personally the best VR experience I have had to date."
,Recommended,214490,12504681,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jay Iglesias,"It's a horror game that is so bloody good to the original that once I completed it, I really didn't want anything to do with it. And I don't mean that in a bad at all. Its really really scary and as a Alien fan I feel emerged in the world but the problem is once I'm through and out I really don't want to go back at all."
,Recommended,214490,12504822,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Artificial Ninja,"Final verdict 9/10Pain staking effort went into the atmosphere, ambiance,  and design of the Game, to match as closely as possible Scott Ridley's Alien.The ubiquitous buzzing Cathode Tube styled Terminals of the era, easily mistaken as a sound of a far more nefarious origin, by an already edgy player.The original sound track eschewing muted curiosity, to the booming scores that indicate the most heart pounding circumstance.The art, and models borrow with great enthuse from the source, while including their own subtle touch ups.The team assembled to put this game together, went about with what appears an obsessed determination to  create a standalone story line, that feels like it was a part of the first movie.The game abides very rigorously the rules of traditional Survival Horror, it is not about winning but surviving an un-killable threat that stalks you nearly the length of the game.Imagine a Ninja stalking hapless fools, jumping down from roofs to murder the meek.Andyouare one of those hapless meek fools (at surface level anyway).It cannot be destroyed, it cannot be out run, your options for the majority of the game are to move with caution, to hide liberally, and avoid at all cost.Alternately you may decide to turn your back, drop trow, and spread cheeks, because the moment it sees you there is very nearly onlyoneconclusion, personally I like to save some time and just pause and reload from my last save.The negatives:The story drags on longer than it need be, with input driven cut scenes that aren't especially difficult, but just all together unnecessary.There is some lack of diversity in the game mechanics:items fall into one of these categories:-Story essential keys to mechanically simulate unlocking doors, which occur to generously so as to make a helpless feeling become somewhat mundane and uneventful.-Throwing projectiles usually meant for avoidance tactics,-Sparse number of weapons that you'll probably use only a handful of times for specific scenarios.Hiding from the Alien becomes a bit to predictable and even on hard difficulty I found myself taking unnecessary risks because the AI, while fairly intelligent, is regularly predictable. The encounters of the Alien could have used with more parsing. It was always evidently clear when the Alien was there, and when I could lower my inhibitions because I knew with a certainity there was no Alien to fear. Less Alien, and more uncertainity would have done better.I can't really comment on the plot without spoilers, but I will say its rehashed, and although I can't descredit the Developers for sticking true, the actual motivations behind the driving forces at play don't make a lot of sense when looked at objectively.In my experience I was able to complete the game on hard fairly easily and was disappointed to learn there was no higher difficulty unlocked, your mileage may very (my teeth where cut on Counter Strike and EQ, not COD and WOW). Difficulty is a component of Survival Horror, part of creating the environment for the genre, is forcing players into circumstances where they are not readily confident in their ability to survive, led alone surpass with ease.SummaryIGN and Gamespot are doing the Franchise, and the consumer audience a disfavor with dishonest reviews, this game is a triple A production, for the few flaws that exist are completely out matched by dedication to a polished clean game that behaves exactly according to the rules of Survival Horror.This is a game for Survival Horror fans, not Action and adventure.When rating a game it is expected to review it based on its limitations, you don't blame an RPG for being long and dialogue oriented, you don't blame a Shooter for being frantic and relaint on reaction. Blaming the short comings of a game on it's dedication to abiding to the rules of its predetermined Genre, isn't a feasable criticism. It leads people such as myself to believe that the true motivations behind such one sided reviews are not at all related to the context of the Game, but something else entirely."
76561198020497117,Recommended,214490,12505056,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Torkil,"If you are like me and like the alien movies, sneaking around in skyrim/fallout and enjoy horror games you are going to enjoy this.Takes a while for the game to get going and parts of it are pretty slow so if you are the impatient type maybe its not for you."
,Recommended,214490,12396740,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Silver.exe,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,214490,12396745,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,BaPef AmHeh,"An amazing combination of sound effects and music combined with excellent graphical engine and amazing Alien A.I. make for a tense ride through the story in a world that recalls the original Alien movie in all it's glory. There are a few minor bugs but nothing game breaking, and I get 31-38 fps on a two year old ROG gaming laptop on maxed out settings with only ocassional dips to 24 fps."
76561197977553012,Recommended,214490,12396754,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Church,Takes a Historical Strategy game developer to finally get an Alien game right. Best Atmosphere in an Alien game yet.
,Recommended,214490,12396771,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jack Bauer,"So far, it's excellent. Very thrilling and chilling. Get a real adrenaline rush just from the sinister musical score. Intriguing survival horror. Recommend to fans of the Alien universe and to any who enjoy survival horror themed games.My advice?Run."
,Recommended,214490,12396827,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SaltyPoison,"I'm sure my doctor would tell me not to play this game.  Its ♥♥♥♥ing scary as hell and my blood pressure is probably through the roof.  Best game from the Alien franchise ever, bar none.  10/10 never want to play it again but will 100%."
,Recommended,214490,12396966,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,TheChobe,Best Alien game EVER. Very well done and terrifying as hell.
,Recommended,214490,12396987,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Vadanta,"The first impression - everything is very atmospheric. All that I have met in the game impregnated with a spirit of classic movies ALIEN: music, interiors of the ship, the characters, the OS in the terminal. So far 10 of 10."
,Recommended,214490,12397101,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Tabris,"This is the most atmospheric, immersive, and best looking game I've played so far in my life.  It's a perfect combination of simple intuitive stealth gameplay and stellar sound design that makes for one hell of a survival/horror experience."
76561198113838758,Recommended,214490,12397145,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,BestPalJames,"Hiding in locker and under desk simulator 2014.This is an absolutely hardcore survival horror game. You don't need to be a fan of Ridley Scott's original Alien to love it, but if you do have an affinity for the 1979 film this game will definitely send additional shivers down your spine. Its a very deep game with lots to explore, read, listen, and observe but I find myself skipping out on observing the beautiful world Isolation presents because everything happens in real time. In dishonored the game auto-pauses if you read a document. In Isolation the alien can still find and kill you while you are reading a computer or crafting a medkit.Also, as an added plus the game is one of the prettiest i have ever played. The lighting is both terrific and horrific. The devs truly understand how to tap into their audience's primal fears."
,Recommended,214490,12397224,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,TheRealBeauregard,"I'm already six hours into Alien: Isolation and I am terrified in the best way. These days most entries in the survival-horror genre barely phase me yet this one has sunk it's teeth deep into my psyche. In short, I'm loving every minute of it (although I do find myself taking semi-frequent breaks to let my heart rate go back to normal).Performance: The game performs much better than I expected it to on my computer. I was very surprised to see it running at a solid 60 FPS at ultra settings on my $700 gaming rig. I was sure I'd have to turn down a few settings to get optimal performance but that wasn't the case. The game seems very well optimized and runs nicely. I have only encountered one minor bug at this point so it seems pretty stable as well.Gameplay: Like I said above, the game is a wonderful mix of terror and fun. I've spent almost the entirety of my time sneaking and hiding, collecting and crafting, rather than being aggressive with the survivors or androids and it's served me well. The few times I've tested the waters with combat it did work fairly well but that definitely isn't the focus of the game and I wouldn't rely on it unless necessary. Too much noise will lead the alien right to you. Encounters with it are a varying mixture of trial and error at first. You will likely die a lot. Once you get a feel for things it gets a bit easier but the alien makes for a quick, intelligent, and unpredictable enemy-one which learns how you play and adapts.Graphics: The visuals are awesome so far. The designers really captured the spirit of Alien with the low-tech sci-fi aesthetics. Environments are gorgeously detailed and nicely laid out. The lighting is also fantastic. My only gripe is that the human NPCs do move a bit stiffly but there aren't that many of them so I've hardly noticed. The alien moves fluidly and looks great though.Sound: The soundtrack is phenomenal, finding that perfect balance between suspense and action while simultaneously taking many cues from the original movie. The sound design is excellent as well, especially if you've got a surround sound setup. I've found myself wincing constantly as you can hear every scuff of your own shoes on the floor and countless other tiny sounds as you move through the environment. Making too much noise will alert the alien and in a lot of cases you'll hear it before you see it too. A thump in a vent, a quiet hiss, or the dull thud of feet on the floor and you know it's there, somwhere. Time to hide! Waiting and listening from a hiding spot can be tortuous too as you strain your ears to hear the alien moving through the room over the sound of your own heartbeat.Overall, I'd give the game a solid 9/10 so far and don't expect my rating to change anytime soon."
,Recommended,214490,12397440,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Madao,"Bring your change of pants gents, this game rocks."
76561198052498084,Recommended,214490,12397609,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,WhyChuRussianMeh?,"Haven't played a survival game this good since Outlast, the Alien keeps you guessing where it may be or when it shows up... 10/10 for me."
76561197990237926,Recommended,214490,12397661,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,runningtargetzombiebait,"I was worried and hopeful when I saw that this game had received mixed reviews. Thankfully, the positive reviews were the accurate ones. If you don't like stealth and prefer violence to careful action, you still might dislike it. But for those looking for an interesting story or love the source material, this will be right up your alley."
76561197977634931,Recommended,214490,12397729,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Kuto5000,Amazing!! A must play for any Alien fan!!
76561198089042251,Recommended,214490,12397745,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dark Prior,Game Looks Amazing in 4K... Awesome game if you love the Alien Seriers.
76561198049720249,Recommended,214490,12397761,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rooks,I'm too scared to play this game for more than an hour at a time.
76561197960440063,Recommended,214490,12398068,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,GetHimToTheGank,"palms are sweaty, knees weak arms are heavy,there's acid on my jumpsuit already, xeno is steady,he's carnivorous, but on the surface he looks fast and ready to drop down,but he keeps on bloodletting the space town,the footsteps are so loud, it opens its mouth and the little one comes out,it's moving how, everybody's dying now,the clock's run out, time's up, over, nooooo,snap back to reality, oh there's no gravity,and now it cant grab it, it choked,it's so mad, but it won't give up that easy,no it won't have it, it knows it's way back through these vents,it doesn't matter, no hope,it knew that since it woke,it's so rampant, it knowswhen it follows her back home, that's when it'sinside the lab again, yothis whole tradgedy,it better go kill all these humans and hope they don't escape,YOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF IN THE LOCKER THE MOMENTYOU FEAR IT, YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT KNOW,YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT, DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE TO LEAN,THIS OPPORTUNITY COMES ONCE IN A SAVEGAME YOYOU BETTER LOSE YOURSELF IN THE LOCKER THE MOMENTYOU FEAR IT, YOU BETTER NEVER LET IT KNOW,YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT, DO NOT MISS YOUR CHANCE TO LEAN,THIS OPPORTUNITY COMES ONCE IN A SAVEGAME YO"
76561197970795047,Recommended,214490,12398092,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,LG1.Hipper,"I'm liking it so far. It is like being in the first film of the saga, a claustrophobic and opressive atmosphere.I wish I had a pulse-rifle ...Me esta gustando lo que he jugado de él. Es como estar dentro de la primera película de la saga, una atmosfera claustrofóbica y opresiva.Me gustaría tener un rifle de pulsos...."
,Recommended,214490,12398126,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,gumley,wow
76561198022759460,Recommended,214490,12398309,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,moonbeam,wow this game is good so much atmosphere been hunted by the alien never know when he his going to turn up the sound effects are so good in this game every noise will make you on edge example i was waiting for the transit lift to come and i knew that the alien would come while i was waiting crouched at back of desk when the lift arrived i made a mad dash to get in the lift just as the alien saw me and i closed the door just in time also the level design and graphics are fantastic especially the lighting effects recommend this to any gamer the devs did a great job with this game.
76561197971148209,Recommended,214490,12892717,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,chris1010010,"I rarely play computer games nowadays, but this was definitely worth it.Positive:+ Atmosphere (especially 'soundscape'+ Not too difficult+ Runs on my 4.5 year old PC+ No bugs (except some graphics glitches maybe)Negative:- The controls maybe (e.g. can't use the num pad on my keyboard to enter codes in the game)"
76561198065159735,Recommended,214490,12893580,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Punisher,I very much enjoyed everything about this game except for the constant F bomb drops. It was a very good butt-clencher. 9/10 for me. If you like this universe you need to buy it.
76561197970542142,Recommended,214490,12893822,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,wink,one of the best games ive played for a long  time .very scary
76561197970532864,Recommended,214490,12896451,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,harleyjackson,"Ok this games had its ups and downs. Mostly up. The gamplay was good, the overal sence of atmosphere was great. Good frights and some nice creepy moments, ran great and sound design was more than excellent. I think this game got a hard wrap in the reviews as I found it to be more than enjoyable (say an 8 out of 10) however some parts were long and drawn out. I do agree with the reviewers saying that the game keeps changing the goal posts etc causing you to get a bit frustrated regarding a bit of back tracking. Also the ending lacked a little however it does leave room for more DLC and a no.2 should they decide to do one. Its not that bad at all.I would say, dont get the game if you are an FPS player who just runs and guns. You wont like it. However if you like a bit of stealth game play then this is the ticket for sure. I spent many hours in this game hiding in lockers just waiting for the right moment to come out and try to get to somwhere.Now onto the DLC!"
,Recommended,214490,12493219,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,dannyenty,"Here's the thing: every time you evade the Alien, every time you succesfully navigate past the creepy Seegson androids, every time a looter accidentally starts a firefight that results in him or her getting a Xenomorph to the face: they're all massive victories. Each and every movement you make in this game feels like a trial - there's no getting arrogant and strutting (because you will die) - and it's a fantastic feeling. The only downsides have been a couple of animation glitches, but by no means anything critical. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,12493478,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,S P O O C B O I,"This is horror at its finest. Don't let IGN(or GameFans, I think they're just trolling) fool you, this is the game that the genre desperately needs to get on track. Let's do a Pros and Cons list:Pros:The game is terrifying. You hear things crashing around in the vents, making you paranoid.The AIs are amazingly smart. So much as bump a suitcase and the Alien will rip your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ out through your nose.The game is very long. You'll get your money's worth with over 12 hours of gameplay, not including Survivor and DLC's.Cons:You have to backtrack. A lot. However, there are rewards to revisiting certain areas with better items.Overall: This game is a masterpiece, if I say so myself. PC Gamer was right when they said it was ""The game the Alien series has deserved"". I would give it a 9.9/10, since nothing is ever perfect."
,Recommended,214490,12493609,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Nakedible,"If you've read the other reviews, you already know that the game is a very polished piece and executed well. I definitely recommend the game to anyone - the experience is worth it.However, if you are put off by scripted events, strictly linear gameplay, game-y level design, music that tells you if something is happening, etc. then this game is chock full of it. With the exception of the beautiful free roaming alien of which you usually know if it is around or not, the game is just like any other linear FPS. Consider if this is a deal breaker for you before buying."
,Recommended,214490,12493668,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,catty9,So scary and so hard I might never be able to touch it againdamn it may huant me foreverbrilliant story 10/10whole game 12/10
76561197972077649,Recommended,214490,12493758,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Deckard,"5 hrs into the game thus far. So, with that said here is my review:Pros:+Very tense, scary, death is around every corner+Optimized and done well for the PC+Length (yes length, you get your money's worth)+Alien is vicious+Sounds excellent+Recommended for any alien franchise fanCons:AI of NPCs (Survivors, Looters, etc) is lacking.Some what clunky mechanics in terms of how Ripley can interact with the worldStory is lacking"
76561197996860706,Recommended,214490,12493832,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Masterj,"This game is pure genious. There are very rarely any jump scares, it's the suspense that gets you. You think you're safe going down a hallway and you hear thumping above you. Where is she going to come from? The ceiling? A vent? You hide anyway even when it's safe. You're in a vent crafting thinking it's safe, nope!The suspense makes this game because the atmosphere draws you into the game. You want to continue and push on but don't know if she is around the corner, ever stalking you to make that one mistake and then she jumps you."
,Recommended,214490,12493883,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Drewby Dooby Doo,"This game is great! If your looking for a shooter move on this is not it. If you like sneaking around, getting the crap scared out of you, and Aliens?! You have a winner!!!The cutscenes feel like your watching a movie.10/10"
76561197992672752,Recommended,214490,12493964,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,faxanadu522,I can only play for short amounts of time before I need to pet a unicorn.
76561197970702183,Recommended,214490,12494202,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,sleec,"Welll... amazing..  I was getting a bit dishartened about the VR thing because of bugs and beta issues and spew, but this A:I has renewed my excitement.. it has a few little issues on the rift but for anyone who played Alien Trilogy on the PS one in their younger days this brings back that feeling of something new and great..PS.. A:I devs, please remake Alien Trilogy on this platform it would work very well"
,Recommended,214490,12494354,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Raticide,Awesome game. Graphics are really top notch and performance is great. I wish other companies (looking at Ubisoft and Bethesda) could produce such high quality software.
76561198040189881,Recommended,214490,12494448,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,California Man,I would recommend this game to anyone who was a huge fan of Prometheus and The Alien series. The graphics are outstanding and you get so in to the game that it feels like you really are on this spaceship. The game has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of jump scares and the enemies are extremeley satisfying to kill such as the android :). Favorite part was when you explore the alien ship in space btw :D soooo good. 10/10
76561198096400046,Recommended,214490,12494897,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,DIPPY330,This game is great captures the original movie title by ripley scott and runs very smoothly on my computer everything is great in the game atomospher and the audio tie in perfectly to give off a creepy feeling and well isolated feeling. However there is some draw backs to this game. The stealth is tough as♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game which i actually like however whenever you clear the area and get the item you need ie the hospital part only to hid in a locker and the alien peering in and gives you two seconds to pull back and hold your breath however to no avail after playing this part for an hour for two days now can get a little annoying. I will try again tommorow.
76561197980952849,Recommended,214490,12495031,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Sexual Tyrannosaurus,"Finally, a good alien game! A couple things could be better but overall a solid single player immersive experience."
,Recommended,214490,12495363,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RealBooneVincent,Alien is black. Equality 69/swag
,Recommended,214490,12495590,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CARTEL SUNNY,"Play it on hard, take it slow, dont run, don't use guns, use common sense. It's a stealth game and it's a great one at that. This isn't ALIENS, this is Alien and if you can understand that, you will adore this game. I beat it in about 19 hours on hard with about 25ish deaths. Ending is Meh (not satisfying) but okay, Gameplay is SOLID cat and mouse (you being the mouse) Atmosphere and aesthetic is solid and true to the source material. TLDR If you like true SURVIVAL horror, Get it. If you like Alien and aren't expecting ALIENS, get it. It's one of my favorite games of the year."
,Recommended,214490,12495845,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Crash335,this game is great only played for a bit and cant wait to play more keeps you on the edge of your seat
76561198006554739,Recommended,214490,13426357,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Acken,"That game manages to be both good and an homage to the first Alien movie (which you need to have seen before playing this).Alien:Isolation fits pretty well in this new generation of horror games where you mostly hide and run from a more powerful enemy. Forget about running and shooting a gun, this is a stealth game before anything. If you enjoy such game, like Amnesia or Outlast you should be pretty satisfied with this one. It gives the player more option than these two to deal with enemies. You still get a few weapons that can be used against humans/robots to kill them or against the Alien to scare it. You will also get a few items to heal, hide or distract enemies. But even with these weapons you'll spend most of your time avoiding combat and hiding/sneaking (especially when the Alien is around).The game visuals do not use the most high tech visuals but the artstyle used in this game is perfect. It's a retro-scifi art (think space vessels with old green text computers) that is in perfect harmony with the 1979 movie Alien. You'll feel right at home and the different rooms feel organic. Lips synchronisation (during cutscenes) and character movement are not the best I have seen.One of the possible issue someone may have is that the environment gets kind of repetitive. While it is a necessity due to the scenario (being on a single spacestation) it can feel a little monotonous after a while and you start to quickly no longer really look for details around you. If you played the Dead Space series this is kind of the same phenomena.Sound and music are perfects, music will oppress you when appropriate and the sound is of really quality to make you believe all this retro-scifi tech with its many bips and scratching video/audio. Definetely a A+ in this department.Scenario is decent. Nothing too surprising but it's entertaining enough to keep the player interested and looking for more. I did not find the game too difficult (on Hard, recommended difficulty) and felt both challenged at times while still progressing without frustration. Once Hard is finished, you will Unlock Nightmare difficulty. My first playthrough took me 21-22 hours with a good amount of exploration. This is pretty long for that kind of game that usually go for the 8 to 12hours range. So this is definetely a good point.Game mechanics are usually standard for that kind of game, you hide from sight, crouch to make less noise, run only when necessary and hide in closets. You will also have your dose of crawling through vents and hiding in corners. Being an alien movie they give you a radar which is very useful against the alien that can move very fast or through vents. This radar requires a key to be pressed to show which add to the immersion. There are electronic devices scattered through the game that allow you to change some effect in rooms (unlock doors, disable lights, etc) but their usefulness felt somewhat lacking most of the time, it could have been somewhat more interesting or allowing more options or more rooms to be affected. The game allows you to go everywhere in the station as long as you have the ""keys"" to do so, somewhat like the first metal gear solid.If you are an alien fan and enjoy stealth games, you just cannot miss that one."
76561198024191839,Recommended,214490,13426497,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Spaceman Dan,"I have played many a horror game, and I can't remember the last time I got nightmares from one.  Or any sort of story telling medium, really. This did, though. This game is fantastic - a challenging, graphically gorgeous, engaging, heart-pounding adventure.  The story is well written and interesting, the voice acting wonderful.  The score borrows from the Alien score, and supports the game well.  The AI mechanics are smart, often too smart to the point of unfairness, but it does consistently keep you on your toes.  The different skills and traists of enemies (Human, Andorid, Alien) create for some interesting encounters and a good variety throughout.  The game is lengthy, and could probably have cut some of the more repititve parts.  Most people seem to have taken 15 - 20 hours to beat it, but somehow I took 26.  And I was playing on normal difficulty.  I slowly crept my way through the majority of the game just to be safe.This is the Alien game I have been waiting for.  As a huge fan of Alien (not the series, just Alien and it's sequel), this game was my wet nightmare.  While it isn't perfect, it's damn near close. 9/10If you like horror games, try this out.  If you like horror games and the film Alien, you NEED to buy this gem and strap yourself in for one hell of a terrifying, yet nostalgic, roller coaster ride."
76561198166181445,Recommended,214490,13426630,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,KenMehlman,"It's honestly a good game IGN can eat my crap.♥♥♥♥♥u ign, ur doritos"
,Recommended,214490,13426734,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,D)N•Numbaz878,Great game. Well worth the price. Haven't gotten around to the DLC but the game itself gives off a great sense of fear and curiosity.
76561197975010471,Recommended,214490,13506258,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Feirfek,if you enjoy puzzels hiding and Aliens that you can't kill then this game is for you enter into the World of alien and make sure your don't make a sound
,Recommended,214490,13508126,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gunslap,The scariest game I have ever played.
,Recommended,214490,13508618,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mistah Bloop,"Awesome atmosphere, shadows, and nostalgia of everything good from the Alien movie. Oh yeah, ayy lmao."
76561197991243084,Recommended,214490,13509501,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ñפֿ| P_A_I_N™ ®,Awsome game incredible graphics.
76561198073042752,Recommended,214490,13510804,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bunnoctopus(Trading),♥♥♥♥ing Terrifingly Fantastic
76561198004068936,Recommended,214490,13518711,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Luke (CZ/EN),A perfect survival horror title. A fantastic Alien game. In 2014. Who would have thought.
,Recommended,214490,15123007,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Luke,I am a huge fan of the Alien genre and have watched Aliens over fifty times through my life.  This game is Awesome and I wonder why it took so long to be made.  Why did so many bad ones have to com down the pipeline before this beauty?
76561198015387820,Recommended,214490,15124622,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Generalsinner,This is my favorite games as of typing this a really cool experience all around. Its a slower paced game take your time with it and if you need to take a break make sure you do. SAVE SAVE SAVE there is no autosave.
,Recommended,214490,15113923,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,GirrafeAssassin,"""Alien: Isolation"" is something many horror games aspire to be but fail in the proccess of doing so. The game is beautifully made, stars an excellent protaganist, and keeps you on the edge of your seat. While most video games prove how offensively bad they are and why video games shouldn't be allowed to exist, you will be surprised to find that a AAA movie tie-in was able to be good and keep the horror element alive. It's a sequel to a movie that we never got as a cinema. but always wanted. It's defeinetly my favorite game of 2014! However, although I love the game, I believe there should be no sequel. I believe this because sequelizing games usually kills how unique they are, their protaganist becomes laughable, and most game play gets stale. If a sequel to the game comes out and proves its' worth, I will immediatly put my faith back into the AAA industry."
,Recommended,214490,15114727,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,💕TIN-CAN💕,"Only played 3 hours but so far games worth the 14 dollars.Game looks really good, inplay, but the cut scene don't look very well."
76561198065701623,Recommended,214490,15115086,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Teenage Angst,"Absolutely amazing! It is nostalgic in every sense. The atmosphere is chilling and the Alien is as frightening as in the first movie. If you like the Alien universe, the first and second Alien movies, and horror this is the game for you. While some people are saying this game is too long, I have to disagree. Every twist and turn is enjoyable. The only problem with this game is the characters lip movement when they speak. It's a tad out of sync. Other than that the graphics, lighting, and particle effects in this game are the best I've seen in any game.Do yourself a favor and get it!"
,Recommended,214490,15115126,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,M|S|E KavSteR,"I have only played this for 30 min or so. However, I love the feel of the game as it is very similar to the first two films. The feel really captures my memories of wacthing the films back in the day. At £7.99 in the Steam sale, I think I may have got a bargain :)"
,Recommended,214490,15116160,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kymey,Never been so tense over a game or film for that matter. Totaly immersive.
76561198038250546,Recommended,214490,15117145,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Stratejacket,"I've been creeped/weirded out by a game before, but never have I been terrified while playing a game. The game starts out somewhat slow, but it's just hit it's pinnacle of horror. I'm almost too the point where the adrenaline is getting to be too much and I'm considering coming back to the game later. Sega really came back after Alien: Colonial Marines!"
,Recommended,214490,15117239,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Incia,"One of the best Alien games to date. You never get the scary feeling when you can easily just gun down 30 Aliens with a smartgun, but in Alien: Isolation the xenomorph is next to invincible and also will instantly kill you if he gets near. This is truely how a Survivor Horror game is supposed to be. When you win the game you literally feel like a survivor. I'm also a hardcore gamer and learn the most game mechanisms relatively quickly, but still Alien: Isolation took me 24 Hours to complete. And this is real-time game time, on Hard Difficulty, only 1 time finishing the game, not even touched the DLCs yet, and it took me 24 Hours to beat the Campaign. Very good game and worth the money, if you are a horror fan and especially an Alien fan then be sure to own this gem!  - Incia"
76561198122135157,Recommended,214490,15117790,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ken1138,"Tears.Tears of joy is what this game is for a gamer like myself. Alien: Isolation is the truest and most immersive survival horror game and just game I have ever played.I have NEVER played a game so true to the source matrerial in the 29 years of my life. Not since playing Silent Hill 2 on the PS2 have I been afraid in a game. FN@F is jump scares. This is fear. Fear of the next step, fear of going in the next room, the next airshaft, fear of ""that"" noise and the fear and dread of what ever that shadow was.And this game is truly glorious in it's detail at ultra settings and use of the little things like BETAMAX quality in game screens and late 70s/early 80s computers.This game is what it would be like to LIVE an ALIENS movie pure and simple."
76561198023592625,Recommended,214490,15118319,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BeastMan,"Great Game, one of the best alien franchise games. This game rocks on a Nvidia 970 I7, with the XBOX 360 controller. This is a must have title.  I paid the 13 dollars for the title, man what a great deal. Do not pass this one up."
,Recommended,214490,15118326,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ForgetfulHitman,This game is terrifyingly beautiful!!
,Recommended,214490,15127400,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Buffy°,"I didnt♥♥♥♥♥♥my self, not even once honest."
,Recommended,214490,15129928,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,kruden,"This is one of those game where it's well done and keeps you on the edge of your seat.Well the most amazing part of this game is the graphics accuracy, telling the originalalien story. Made me watch the Alien movies again. I very must enjoyed this game andwould recommend anyone to experience such masterful work."
,Not Recommended,214490,15130057,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Burnaboy,"While initially I loved Alien Isolation's moody and subtle atmosphere, once the xenomorph appears the game becomes incredibly repetitive and loses all ability to scare or disturb the player.Unfortunately the developers also lied about the Xenomorph's AI, and the possibility of it appearing anywhere at random. It only appears at specific pre-determined points in the game and its AI does not learn from the player's actions.While the atmosphere and attention to detail is spot on, it hardly makes up for the rest of the games shortcomings.The storyline is well written and is definitely a worthy addition to Alien lore, but the campaign does drag far too long, and the ending has many fans, including myself, fairly frustrated.If you're looking for a game that will really scare you, go play Amnesia. If you're a die hard Alien fan, this is up your alley, but don't expect anything on par with the movies, and don't expect to be blown away."
76561197968463489,Recommended,214490,15130341,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kwortic13L,"Some luke warm reviews put me off this on release but having played a good chunk of the game I'm genuinely impressed. I doubt any other game has come close to making the sneak and hide mechanic work this well. The combination of suspenseful gameplay and the beautiful graphics, which faithfully create the atmosphere of the original film, make this one of the most immersive games I've played in long, long time."
76561198051142960,Recommended,214490,15130875,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Alex Melniks,Amazingly tense! Superbly interesting! And it feels like you're in the movie! I love it!  Best horror game I've played so far!
,Recommended,214490,15131880,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Rappletek,"Was constopated, 43 minutes in havent even seen the alien, have taken a♥♥♥♥♥♥..Better than Senokot/10."
,Recommended,214490,15132735,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Biggest_BOiiiiiiiiii,"It's a great game! You know a horror game is good when you stop dead in your tracks because you heard a noise, only to discover it was the sound of your feet shuffling! It drags a bit towards the end, but the atmosphere and setting make up for it. Really good game/10"
,Recommended,214490,15132765,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Micolash the II,"This game has it all.  Graphics, Atmosphere, and soundtrack.  It follows the lore almost perfectly and it carries the suspence and stress of the original movie.  Over all, I would rate this nine out of ten.So far the only problem I have encoutered is the progression of dificulty.  It starts out pretty easy but then goes and becomes insainly dificult as the Working Joes come into play.In conclution, if you like game which have great atmospher and you LOVE the alien series, this is the perfect game for you.  Just be prepaired to die a lot when the Working Joes come spot you.I hope this was helpful and enjoy the game!!"
,Recommended,214490,13675521,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,M4RZZZ,"Great atmosphere. Hiding from the alien can be a pain sometimes, but that just adds to the suspense. Love this game."
,Recommended,214490,13657179,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JV2501,"It's a Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥upside down, where Ishmael tries to make his way through by hiding inside lockers or under the tables, while Moby couldn't be more♥♥♥♥♥♥Also: To survive, a woman gets orders from men, in space.But, jokes aside, this is a linear, too long experience that looses pace amidst it's too ""Go-There-Do-That"" repetitious challenges and uninteresting storytelling. BUT, the journey makes it a recommendable game, because the hide-and-seek moments, which happen in a tremendously immersive environment, makes 'Alien: Isolation' a ****ing go.Last 'Also': DON'T START PLAYING ON THE RECOMMENDED DIFFICULTY, or you'll feel as impotent as your father."
,Recommended,214490,13659741,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Garo,"Really good sci-fi horror game! Don't remember when I previously was actually really scared during any game. The Alien behaves really randomly, so you can't ever feel that you are in control of the situation. You'll either like this or dislike, but for me this was the real think which raised this game above all other sci-fi horror games I've had change to play. Also the stunning visuals look just like the old Alien movie, you really can feel that you're inside the space station."
76561197997408418,Recommended,214490,13663164,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Neltard,The game captures the feel from the original Movie spot on. The artstyle and graphics are beautiful. The suspense of the gameplay is absolutley instense. The game is at times very f-ing scary.
,Recommended,214490,13771779,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Variable Vector,"Beautiful and Scarry, the awsome grafix only serve to make this horifing experiance even more frightning. It will keep your heart pounding, and scare you every time."
76561198044402133,Recommended,214490,13772134,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AceMack_21,"This has to be the best Alien game ever released. The ambience draws you into the character in the game, giving it that real live or die feeling i would recommend this game to all the Alien fans out there"
,Recommended,214490,13772409,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,AMDemon,great game highly reccomended.
76561198115997730,Recommended,214490,13082126,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,benny.maxfield,"Originally, I did not recommend this game due the several issues I personally found off-putting. However, the developer has since put quite a bit of effort into addressing many of the criticisms I and others had of this game. Since quality obviously matters to this developer, I'll now fully recommend this game to everyone. This game even made me want to go back an rewatch the original Alien movie and I was surprised by this game's attention to detail in replicating the Alien universe.One addition to the game that I particularly liked was the ""nightmare mode"" difficulty setting, it adds a lot of replay value to the game.Here are a few tips that are based on my experience with the nightmare difficulty setting for any frustrated gamers out there:1) Don't play the nightmare mode difficulty setting unless you've already beaten the game once and know where to go for the objectives. The first thing the game does is take away your map, so you will get lost if you're playing nightmare on your first playthrough. You will get very frustrated if you have to juggle exploring with evading the nightmare mode alien.2) Hiding underneath desks and tables are literally the safest hiding spots in the game. The Alien never checks underneath them unless it has recently spotted you. You will never be seen unless the Alien gets a direct line of sight on you from across the room or you get stupid with the motion tracker. You'll want to avoid lockers since they cost health to hold your breath when the Alien investigates them.3) Save your first few flares for the encounter with the Alien in the medical ward level; when it first appears, you get a few courtesy seconds to react. Throw your first flare down the hallway past the Alien and then hide underneath the gurney to your left. As the Alien investigates the first flare, throw a second flare underneath the vent where the Alien first appeared. This will give you plenty of time to enter the door code and make your way to the save station. (If you want to be extra sure you have enough time you could put a third flare underneath the coded door but if you get too carried away with using flares, the Alien starts ignoring them.) After you get the checkpoint, you can plan out your next move.4) Try to to save your flamethrower fuel for the face-huggers. This will make your life easier later in the game.5) Try to save your motolovs and shotgun ammo to battle the Working Joes in the reactor. Play ring-aroung-the-rosie with them, light em on fire and then point blank shotgun their face. This makes initiating the reactor purge much easier.6) If you run past the swarm of Working Joes during the showroom battle, you'll find a rewire in the security booth that will make a flame trap for them. Then grab the three EMP mines from the supply cash and stun them as they walk through the flame trap. Next, just use your maintenace jack to wail on them. This way, you can save the three motolovs and your ammo for the reactor level.7) (I learned this the hard way) I know it's really tempting to open the supply closet and unleash the Working Joe on the Seegson security guards during your final visit to the comm tower. However, on your way back, those guards will provide valuable distraction fodder for the Alien hunting you."
,Recommended,214490,13772960,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MEOW,Bring spare pants.Would pants again. 10/10
76561198095557571,Recommended,214490,12431028,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,cobrajet,First game in years to scare me this much! A must buy for horror fans and Alien fans!
76561198153425616,Recommended,214490,12449879,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,dezsharp,"One of the most immersive games i have ever played. Dark, Decent headphones and spare pants are a must. Sci fi levels and backgrounds are beautiful and closely alligned with the original film. The whole experience is amazing. Not your average fp shooter has mainly stealth approach though this for me improved the experience. Screaming as my flamethrower gas runs down to zero with the alien blasting at me down he corridor. When its grabs you from behind i actually nearly had a heart attack. Decent time to complete play on hard and you wont regret it. Though be prepared to get eaten a few times."
,Recommended,214490,12450046,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MyNameIsAdahn,"WOW. I mean WOW. This game is actually REALLY creepy, especially in the sound department, what with being able to hear the Xenomorph crawling in the vents, and various ambient sounds that sound like the xenomorph, and such."
,Recommended,214490,12450203,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TeBeCo,"Hope they'll be another opus with more of them but a way to kill some with special events, and hopefully a Queen :pA little bit more of fight ^^ (but not too much to avoid game design disaster)"
,Recommended,214490,12434792,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,PLAY PROJECT REALITY ITS FREE!!!,"♥♥♥♥ing nails the atmosphere and shizz, tense as a rats cvnt."
76561197994485750,Recommended,214490,12450801,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,setsunaaa,"Chapter 5 to 7 death statistic (hard skill): About every six minutes. Love it.It starts of slow and easy, but once you got after the first robot fights or hides you face the alien. And it can smell you, it's always around your area, you hear the footsteps, you hear it in the ventilation. And if you hide in a locker it can smell you even better!Definetly a good survival game which is in contrast to the other mass-killing games. Except for the eyes of the humans which don't look at you while talking it is graphically well executed anddoes not need a GTX Titanjust to play in the highest detail.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12450934,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[LW]Cpt. Smacktard,"Truly a Worthy Alien game. 18 Hour Campaign (For me atleast), amazing graphics, mindblowingly awsome sounds and soundtrack, very scary.. No, really. Its f'ing Scary! :DGame of the Year in my book"
,Recommended,214490,12451760,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,[P2D] Breadstick,"If you have the patience for hiding in lockers and crouching 90% of the time, the go ahead and pick this up.A superb game that perfectly recreates the world that Ridley Scott produced in the original Alien film.Tense, terrifying, unrelenting gameplay with a straigh-forward storyline.9/10"
76561197968559186,Recommended,214490,12452011,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vassago,"tense, atmospheric and very true to the original film. Great game."
76561198064122380,Recommended,214490,12453282,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mammothbroncho,2spooky4me man.
76561198021414600,Recommended,214490,12445092,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Pandamonjum,now we just need AlienS isolation and we can forget about Colonial Marines!
,Recommended,214490,12445123,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Medieval_pc™,"This game is scary as F###! I feel as i would in real life, not trusting anything. I HATE The DRONES... Just want to beat the hell out of them. I just encounterd my first alien chase.... Guess what... i didnt want to turn around.... lol. Just incase you were wondering... did i excape? nope..."
,Recommended,214490,12445183,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,+Tooterfish,"Alien: Isolation is creepy at every corner in a way that reminds me of Alien the first time I watched it. The developers nailed authenticity where previous Alien-game developers fell short. I'm very impressed to say the least. I would recommend everyone watch the Alien movie first, then jump into this game to truly appreciate the experience."
,Recommended,214490,12445335,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,OmegaUltima,Definitively: The best 'Alien' series game of all time.
76561198005616635,Recommended,214490,12445607,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TopGun,So scary! rawr rawr (;...;)
,Recommended,214490,12396332,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,DrGibbles,"A couple hours in and im blown away.  How could 15 to 25 hours of this be bad?!  Runs like a dream on my pc, no out of the gate bugs that I have seen yet.  Atmosphere is top notch and I have to say it is to this date the most detailed game I have ever seen.  Just looking down the hallways and items strewn about is something to behold. The sound is great, along with a whole slew of options to tinker with and make it perform best.  The lighting was pulled straight from the movies.  I find myself having to take breaks every little bit just to let my nerves recover.  THIS is how you make an Alien game.  I hope that after I have gone through it and played all the content that comes with it, oh please oh please, let there be maybe a piece of dlc co op mode with weapons and more than 1 alien.  As it is so far, 10 out of 10 for me.  A lot of hours to go."
,Recommended,214490,12396334,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,P.N.0.3.,"I had many doubts about this game, wasn't sure 100% since i was like having a battle of good and evil of Reviews, like IGN's Review was just very harsh, real harsh not COD 0/10 for them, but since allot of Critics gave it about 8/10 at most and from there i looked onto Steam Community, where the people are the their own opinions and not Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Critics like IGN throw down a good possibility of a great game, YOU GUYS ROCK STEAM COMMUNITY, I trust you guys more haha. Alien: Isolation really has me hooked since the beggining, and i would love to keep playing this till the end, and since I work everyday this will be one of those games that you can enjoy, possibly enjoy while relaxing at home after work. I love the story, the Classic Original Score, and the Graphics are amazing. I run this game on ultra with no problems . I love the cutscenes, it makes me feel like am watching a true film. As far as i got, i recommend this game to people who are into horror stealth hide n seek game/Puzzles/jump scares. Hope this review helps for those are deciding to purchase anytime in the future."
,Recommended,214490,12396533,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AICstaley90x,"Have only logged in a little over half an hour, but I can tell.. this game is awesome!! I would be playing right now and not typing this but it's late and thought I'd share my thoughts about it before I clock out for the night.  This game looks and 'feels' amazing.  Very atmospheric and entertaining.  I'm a fan of the Alien movies (well at least the first 2..) and this fits right in there.  Like I said, I haven't played much but I can tell this game is going to keep it on the edge of my seat. Graphics look great and the framerates are very steady and butter smooth.. as suggested by the game i'm playing on Hard difficulty. You should get this game and do the same!"
76561198026110533,Recommended,214490,12396569,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,jefferybuckles25,"Only played a few hours of this and I'm not gonna lie, I peed a little when the alien got me the first time. I could see it on the motion sensor and hear it in the ducts following me as I ran for the trams. Scariest moment I've had in a long time. Don't believe the IGN score!9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12396611,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,redwizard000,"Awesome game for the most part. The graphics are amazing and the style is very true to the original source material. The atmosphere is perfect and does a very good job of being tense and scary without having to rely on cheap jump scare after cheap jump scare. It is also not so scary that you have to force yourself to take another step. I also enjoy the different ways that the alien kills you, depending on how it catches you.It isn't even comparable to Colonial Marines or even any of the AVP games. Those games are action games more befitting the ""Aliens"" style movie. This game is more ""Alien"" Horror-Survival style. I would say that there has never been a game from this franchise that is anything like it.That being said there are some gameplay issues... For one, I don't know why they bother putting lockers and hidey-holes in the game for you to hide in, the AI (and the Alien in particular) always seem to know where you are whether they saw you go into the locker or not. I have a synthetic who is literally camping the locker I am hiding in right now; he is just standing to the right of it waiting for me to come out. Best advice: Don't let anyone see or hear you because it is very difficult to get away.The guns are pointless. You need to shoot the synths in the head like 5 times with the revolver (in the HEAD not anywhere else...) in order to take one down, and bullets are very hard to come by, and the shots will probably attract more bad guys. I think it is more of a ""feel good"" thing. You also aparently can't damage the Alien at all.The checkpoint save system sucks. It is a literall checkpoint save system. You have to go to these little phone terminals to save your game. It is just like in Deadspace. I would have prefered a direct quicksave system or an automatic checkpoint on objective completion system. It is pretty bad when you spend 30 minutes sneaking around picking up items, blueprints or whatever and completing objectives only to make a mistake, get yourself killed and then have to start all over again from the stupid little phone thing.I would give the game 8/10. I would score the game higher if it had a better save system and they tweaked the AI a bit."
,Recommended,214490,12419351,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,D3ATHCR3W,GREAT GAME dispite the BAD review by IGN ect....This game put you in the mood just like the first movie ...slow pace action  stealth is the key to survive the ALIEN  other SURVIVORS and SYNTHETICS ...OF COURSE we are talking about a NEXTGEN game here ...graphics  ambiant sound and audioputs you were you need to be to live the horror of a spaceship deep im space..you will have the feeling of being alone ....but your NOTFOR THE BEST GAME EXPERIENCE TRY HARDEST MODEthis is not a gun blazing game .... theres is 13 missionson my part i cant really say that i have been scared playing this game like other playersthat say they pooped there pants BUT YOU CAN REALLY FEEL THE TENSION wanting to escape the shipOVERALL 8/10
76561197993210702,Recommended,214490,12419984,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Noble Pigeon,"Saw alien. Ran from alien, hid in locker while laughing at stupidity of alien. Don't hear it walking around or in vents. Having outsmarted it, I get out of locker, chuckling to myself, and open the door. Alien is right behind the door, inches from my face. I stare back for a full three seconds as I realized I was trapped like an animal. Alien evicerates me.10/10 100/100 would become prey again"
,Recommended,214490,12391646,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Zoomer9000,"So I've played the first hour and a half of the game so far, but only brief glances of the alien can be seen, the most major threat I've faced is a group of humans with AI ranging from very perceptive to ACM (but if I'm honest, sometimes in Wolfenstein: TNO I walk right by a guy and he don't care) it runs like a dream on PC with graphics similar to BF4 or Slender the Arrival. full of suspense and brain teasers that make dying and restarting to complete them still engaging. and so far the most scared I've been is when the alien briefly kills some guy in a room, and you are forced to wait to progress. noting happens while you wait, but the fear and paranoia I felt were astounding. If audiences in 1979 could of seen this, then the memory of this series would only of been strengthened. GOD BLESS YOU SEGA/ CREATIVE ASSEMBELY AND F@#K IGN AND GAME SPOT FOR THEIR MISLEADING REVEIWS!"
76561197999825706,Recommended,214490,12392175,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[UL]TheWolffie,In the short time i have played this game it is so far above previous aliens games by miles the short time i did play i was creeped out and i hadent even met the alien this game is whast alien games should be HORROR not FPS
76561197971668811,Recommended,214490,12392196,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Henherr,"Amazing game with great visuals and atmosphere, this game is made for the Alien fan and a must play!I have been on the edge of my seat ever since I first encountered the xenomorph and even though I have come across it a few times now my stress level still goes through the roof each time I hear those footsteps. Don't think you are safe, remain on your toes at all time.A must play for fans!"
76561197960401337,Recommended,214490,12393328,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Solaron,"This is one of the best games I've ever played, and it IS the Alien game we've been waiting for since 2001's also excellent AvP 2.  Graphics - 10, Sound - 10, Music - 10, Gameplay - 10, Story - 10, True to the Movies - 10, welcome to Solaron's top 5, the first game to breach my top 5 PC games of all time since Deus Ex in 2000."
76561198017768034,Recommended,214490,12393505,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Leighroy,"Tour de ForceThis game is superb. A total immersion in the 1979 environment. Terror left right and centre, the best sound field in any game I've ever played. Developers take note: We need more like this.And if you're a fan of Alien? I promise you, you will love it."
76561198062488411,Recommended,214490,12393564,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,kurtisburford,"I'm not very far in, after playing for an hour and a half I'm still walking very slowly around scared that Alien is just going to mutilate me soon as I look up from a 1970's style computer (BTW very impressed you worked so closely to the film Creative Assembly)The graphics are just phenominal (Radeon 280x), they have really delivered. Creative assembly were due a tough time with this after the♥♥♥♥♥♥up with Colonial Marines but they really have looked into every last detail when it comes to scenary, no area has been a bulk standard room with just a table and chairs like some sort of prison room, every room has the exact feel to it as the film. The atmosphere is amazing and the lighting just makes you want to show this game off to people like the first time you discovered Lisa AnnPat yourself on the back and ask Sega for a raise Creative Assembly because this is a piece of computerized art."
76561198151992073,Recommended,214490,12393959,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Pajakus,so far great 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12394170,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cat_Daddy,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants.
,Recommended,214490,12394255,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,hrhharry,This game I have only played 2 hours I can only seam to play 20 mins at a time as im that scared< I watched the alien get shot and nothing I hit it with flame throwers and nothing...............This game is really really good... A homage to alien fans everywhere and the lighting and atmosfear is well set.......back for another round with the lights on.
,Recommended,214490,12394269,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Orbit,"Played a lot of horror games in my lifetime. This one has to be the most well designed and awe inspiring. I played for less then a hour and have already gotten major freak outs just from enviromental factors like a burst pipe, or a barrel falling over. The developers have surely went top notch and gave the Alien game we have always wanted."
,Recommended,214490,12394296,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Jimmy P,Only 3.5 hours in and I've already soiled 3 pairs of pants10/10
,Recommended,214490,12394300,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Boss Claw,"The love and care that went into the atmosphere and environment are mind-blowing.  The main campaign starts a little slow, and is showing some signs of ""Outlast-ism"" but so far the pros far outweigh the cons.So far the Let's Play Channel I'm part of is doing the Main Campaign and the Crew Expendable ( so good! ) at the same time, and offering No-Commentary versions so people can enjoy the game without our dumbass remarks ;)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXT_fC6nxqkhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAzMd9EBBSM"
,Recommended,214490,12394403,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Feathers_Fell,"Unbelievably tense, dripping in atmosphere and soaked in a love for the source material. Also♥♥♥♥♥♥myself when I saw the Xenomorph for the first time, 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again."
,Recommended,214490,12394438,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,GAZURE SUCKS EGGS,"I'd just like to say that this game is viscerally terrifying. The Alien is menacing and creepy. The androids are moderately disturbing. The humans are squishy. The environments are pretty freaking awesome.If you're a fan of Alien, buy this game. If you really like survival horror, buy this game. If you're looking to experience something different from AAA, buy this game.My only complaint is that the antialiasing options are a bit barebones. That said, it might be something you can fix with Nvidia control panel or its AMD equivalent."
76561197964011294,Recommended,214490,12395001,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Mil99,"Just getting into it, but wow. The tension is absolutely constant. I'm told the story isn't fully explored and it runs a bit long but those discrepancies aside, the atmosphere from the sound, level design and graphics is palpable. What cut-scenes you're shown are well-executed and really a sort of relief from being thrown into the body of this ill-equipped survivor. Fans of Amnesia and Slender Man will love the concept of stealth amidst total fear and the stressful (sometimes frustrating) objective completions. Also, anyone who loves the original Alien film can actually consider this experience a true sequel (or spinoff) of the original. The fact that the xenomorph itself is so well-handled and almost completely unscripted only adds to the complete immersion and unrelenting fear of the gamer. If you buy this, force yourself to play it, that's pretty much what it takes. 9/10"
76561198102766142,Recommended,214490,12399015,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Samuel Gregory A77,"GAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER!"
76561198007544792,Recommended,214490,12399044,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Kain Fayiar,"OK so IGN reated this 6.9/10 , gamespot 6/10 , gameradar 5.5/6  and Pc gamer 9/10For me this is the Ultimate slander game , a game full of fantatic visuals , chilling music and a terryfing foe who is something more that just a traget for your mashine gun , as a True Alien fan iam having a blast playing this game , if you like aliens or Slander style games for that matter you will to.As far as i like the campain i get a real blast from the Nostormo DLC's and The Survivor mode (wich is the best thing in the game for me ) .My score : Plot 7/10Visuals 9/10Music 10/10Gameplay 9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12399214,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Impavide,"In 1991 I was 8 years old... I first watched Alien and my little mind was blown (as well as being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ most of my younger nights lol). Im now 31, and have been a fan of the movies since then. The games... not so much... most have been very poor.THIS IS NOT POORIm amazed, I've been taken back to the feelings I had as an 8 year old watching the movie. Future game creators that have the privlidge of having the Alien universe license should take a manadatory page out of the creators of this master piece's book."
,Recommended,214490,12399426,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rhys-quez,"Played it for a hour, got killed by the alien, sha*t my pants....... not bad"
,Recommended,214490,12399487,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Nogarth,so much better than the previous Alien games out there.
76561198013557144,Recommended,214490,12396786,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,alexhortdog95,"Okay.  First off, holy crap.  I about peed my pants when I turned on that Last Survivor mode.Hearing Weaver say ""Holy s**t"" when I ran out of flamer fule and watching the alien peek around a corner, say ""What's up,"" then have me like a midnight snack had me jumping out my seat.Great game!  Love the graphics and the gameplay.  Very intense.ADDING TO REVIEW:The DLC is super difficult, LOL, but I love it.  Been a long time for a challenging game like this.Here's my review of the DLC that I played last night:Ripley: ""Parker?  Lambert?""(Alien with Parker/Lambert:  NOM NOM NOM)Alien comes back for part 3 of his three course meal, lol....I flame him, and promptly run out of flamer fuel.Ripley: ""S**t!""Alien:  ""DIN DIN TIME""CHOMPThis was a recurring theme for about 3 hours, LOLZ"
76561198056316545,Recommended,214490,12399746,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,G Alex.Games,"Alien Isolation is the most movie accurate video game I've ever played. You feel as if you really are in Ridley Scotts world, or his imaginig  of what he thought the future would look like back in '79. The graphics are top notch and the gameplay is pretty impresive.  Even though it can be insanely difficult at times. I recommend this game to anyone, fan, or not. It is truly a one of a kind experience. So it gets a 9/10 from me."
76561198006125695,Recommended,214490,12399750,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,PointBlank,"I'm old enough to remember the first time Alien was released and how much of an impression it had on me,I missed this kind of horror and suspence in a Game for a long time ""Apart from Outlast"".So I was very happy to see that this was a well thought out Quality Gaming experiance with an authentic feel to the Original Master piece that was  Alien.Some may be too young to apprieciate the old 80's TEK but I do and like the ALL the attention to detail, right down to the sound of the old pc noise they used to make 010101010.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,214490,12399876,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Camo_Vecmin,I never played any ALIEN franchise game but this one compel me to purchase and play it. I didn't regret in buying it the first time. This game give a new whole meaning of getting scared playing a PC game.
76561198027902001,Recommended,214490,12400527,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[SGC] Gandarf,"very indepth game, has been very very fun compared to the other alien games so far. much better mechanics than what ive seen in similar horror survival games. and my favorite part so far is that its alien! imean its about time they FINALLY got a good game out now! i reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of the movies, but if you actually liked the campaign of colonial marines then your not gonna like this one."
76561197987824255,Recommended,214490,12400538,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,|MELK| Rotcon,Awsome... thoroughly recommend it. Bose headphones and dark room. creepy! Reminds when i first saw the film when i was younger.
76561198047364595,Recommended,214490,12400729,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,KafLAN,"Очень хорошо. Но мимика глаз некоторых персонажей, делает игру еще страшнее"
76561198075047384,Recommended,214490,12400800,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Apollostar2109,amazing game! i recommend it if you are a Alien fan!
76561198113909397,Recommended,214490,12400871,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Chovine,"Amazing game. Beautiful graphics, incredible dynamic soundtrack and really immersive."
76561198047869011,Recommended,214490,12401137,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,L96 DarkyDiePie,"this game.... is a mixture of amnesia, outlast and frickin aliens :D what more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,214490,12401307,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,gourrythecrazy,"This game takes all the horror genre elements for games and amplifies it. Makes you feel truly powerless. The Alien A.I. is one of the best I've ever seen. It learns your movements, will find you if you stay in one place too long, and is always changing its tactics so you can't predict its movements. Take note: you are almost NEVER safe once the Alien arrives. It will follow you into any room you go, hell, if you scare it off, it can be waiting right away behind the door you need to unlock. The ONLY times where you are safe are during scripted character interactions, but as soon as you leave them you are done.This game also feels like the original movie itself, right down to the last drop of water. If you're looking for an apology for Colonial Marines, get this game, If you are looking for the best representation of the Alien franchise, get this game. If you are looking for the best movie based game that I have ever seen, get this game. If you are looking for one of the finiest horror experiences this year, hell, even in the last few years, get this game. If you cry a lot, get this game, I wish to see you writhe and squirm in fear."
,Recommended,214490,12401379,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ToeKnife,My vote for 2014 game of the year
,Recommended,214490,12401442,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Lassar,Wow !!! what a game !  CA nailed it !!!! Finally !!!!
,Recommended,214490,12401496,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Dragon-Knight,"Fantastic game, really brings the feel back to the original movie."
76561198013069629,Recommended,214490,12401563,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,The Fist,There's only one alien. Should be like at least 1.2x more aliens. 9/10
,Recommended,214490,12441781,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Peppy Pizza,"Alien: Isolation..You would think that this game would be either a lag-fest, or another Colonial Marines, but not at all.Alien: Isolation is a really good game in my opinion, they don't send enemies at you too early, and if they do, they are easy to outrun or hide from, or possibly take them out one by one, lots of cool gadgets and tools to help you get around Sevastapol.Buy this game, even my craptop can run it without lag."
76561197975802233,Recommended,214490,12441971,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,StarDragon,"Fantastic game, The environment and aliens really get you worked up."
,Recommended,214490,12442101,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Ululator,"This game is pretty much what it promises, a mix between system shock, bioshock and amnesia set in a beautifully rendered alien setting. It might be worth to play it just to see how it looks, which is at times amazing. It pushes all the nostalgia buttons."
,Recommended,214490,12442262,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Snowy,"Stealth and survival horror gameplay. Pretty good story, though it uses a lot of common tropes from the ""Alien"" universe. I was very statisfied till about the last hour when the gameplay became the equivlent of self-dentistry. I felt the ending was bland and a let down.Can only recommend this game to staunch Alien fans. Best game in the series so far."
76561198032728082,Recommended,214490,12442317,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Stollers,"I love how IGN and Gamespot critisized this game for being to long, stressful and dreery, but honestley, THATS WHAT MAKES THIS GAME GOOD! That is how a horror game is supocced to be, never knowing when the alien will come out, being relived of the stress of escaping the xenomorph. And then he drops right infont of you. Although I am not disagreeing with them that the AI is a bit glitchy and whatnot. Overall this is one of the best horrror games i have ever played (so much that i went through the 20hr campaign in THREE DAYS!!!). defanatley in my top 5. 10/10(Also not colonel marines)"
,Recommended,214490,12442349,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Fresh Prince of Egypt,"This game has brought me to my limits and then I realized I was still on the intro. Before you buy or torrent this, seriously prepare yourself, I highly suggest an♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198007106023,Recommended,214490,12442586,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,lazinryder,"If you play this game, you will experience a near constant state of terror, but thankfully, with the occasional relief of moment or two of merely hightened anxiety.It's a good game to play with all of your lights on. In fact, for maximum gaming experience, I recommend installing track lighting above your computer, and maybe putting flood lights behind you. Also keep other human beings in the same room at all times for reassurance.10/10 would buy aga -                  -                      -"
76561198013801373,Recommended,214490,12442605,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,re4lion,buy it.3 reasons only-smart alien AI-scary and tense-amazing graphics
,Recommended,214490,12442754,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,xMobilemux,One of my top 3 Alien games alongside Aliens vs Predator 2 and Alien Trilogy.
,Recommended,214490,12442970,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Erukani,"I would highly recommend this game to others, especially if you've seen the original Alien movie when it came out. The level of nostalgia this game brings is through the roof, and the sheer horror of surviving versus an unpredictable AI foe is something that I've been missing in games. There are one or 2 points in the game where it does drag, but otherwise it's a nonstop thrill ride.My first playthrough was on Normal, and despite watch some others stream this on Twitch, I was caught by surprise many times by the Alien. I'd recommend this difficulty for most players on their first time; then either Easy on a following playthrough to get more of the story experience, or Hard if you're an outright masochist.I haven't played the Crew Expendable DLC yet as of this review, but as the base game by itself, it is more than worth the money.Ratings:------------Graphics: 10/10- Looks Beautiful, incredibly well-optimized for PC. The detail they put in to remake the 1970's version of future spaceships/stations in the Alien movie is phenomenal.Sound: 9/10- The mood of the game couldn't have been much moreControls: 8/10- Sometimes I ended up fighting with the inventory to get the right sub-weapon, which did get me killed a few times. The controls to activate some doors/items did seem awkward. Weapon combat was very straightforward thankfullyStory: 9/10- Fit perfectly as a gap between Alien and Aliens, although the Working Joe androids became rather tedious the longer the game went on.Overall: 9/10- Very solid game, one of the most enjoyable games I've played after accounting for all the deaths I had."
,Recommended,214490,12443105,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Robear,"[Written 11 hours into the game]Before Gone Home was found to be nothing more than a propaganda walking simulator, I had this vain belief that it was going to be a stealth/haunted house deal wherein a monster is constantly lurking around and will drop you in a second. I got a taste of this when I first heard of Outlast but again it did not live up to the stadard.Upon First Loading Alien: Isolation, I knew I was going to get what I wanted. The main menu screen is almost completely mute, with only the slightest hint of sound in thew background, indicating the original Alien tagline ""In space, noone can hear you scream."" I immediately picked the hardest difficulty as the game reccomends, unbenkownst to the sheer struggle that it would bring me. At time of writing I am 11 hours into the game, which should put me just over the halfway mark. (Spoilers ahead). At this point it seems the Alien has gone away for now: Throwing myself out of an airlock as the alien is launched into space from a detached station section.(Spoilers end) I know am a bit of a lul in the game where very little new is taking place and I am instead thrown against the wall against multiple human and synthetic enemies which seem to exist only to drain my ammo and item supply so that they devs can set something else up later on.If you are a fan of the Alien franchise and want a horror game that actually feels scary again, play this."
76561197992565269,Recommended,214490,12443117,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sp4Ce-PiR4Te,"First let me say that I am never one to board the hype train.  Additionally, I don't take time to write reviews unless I have something to say.  Alien: Isolation deserves that time so here's what I have to say:A:I has some incredible things going for it.  Right when you load up the game and the 20th Century Fox logo flashes like the pre-dated days of the past you know you are in for a treat.  I immediately selected Hard mode as it was the recommended mode - which is another indication as to how this game is going to be.  The first things I noticed were the amazing details given to the environment.  10 minutes in and I found myself freaked out simply by the environment.  It wasn't until the first hour or so was I in actual danger and running for my life.  From that moment on (and to this one) my character has been in a constant state of despair and struggle.  I've died a total of 6 times today and all of which were completely different.  It wasn't at different times either, I'm stuck on the same mission and that stupid Xenomorph is ALWAYS THERE!  This isn't a game where you can wait for the AI script to run and there are noticable ""dark"" times for you to run from cover to cover.  You are Amanda Ripley, you are weak, you are running, and you are scared... prepare yourself...."
76561197982267201,Recommended,214490,12443793,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Aaron RN,"This pretty much nails the atmosphere of the first alien movie,"
,Recommended,214490,12443816,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sketchy McToggling SonOfABitch,"Well...It's no masterpiece, but still was a good game in it's own right.  Think of gameplay from Outlast, Amnesia, Doom, and Bioshock mashed together and thrown into space.  That's Alien: Isolation.It is, however, very difficult and sometimes tedious.  This can vary for different people based on skill or familiarity.The stealth aspect is a must.  Sorry run-and-gunners, that won't work for this gameplay.  Every movement must be contemplated and carried out with care, lest you wish for...  Things to happen.  I died MANY times.Did not expect for it to be so long.  Not that i'm complaining, I love long games, especially ones with momorable moments in this one such as the amazing music, and visuals of the cold reaches of space.  Seriously, the star and gas giant were VERY well presented in this game.  Makes you feel small and insignificant.The ending was nice and open ended, and appropriate for how this title sits in the canon timeline in the ""Alien"" franchise.Overall, very deliciously creepy.  Not the type of mainstream creepy that relies on jumpscares to freak you out, but a slow, droning, insidious type of creepiness.  A type of feeling that invokes anxious dread, and worried expectations.  This is the creepiness and uncanney valley""ness"" that makes a horror game, a horror game.  Sure jumpscares are good and dandy.  If executed correctly.  This is a skill that developers need to take into consideration.  A skill that these developers seem to be better at than some...If you're into scary games, pick this one up.  It's worth a play."
76561197969342281,Recommended,214490,12443831,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,RolandGS/Detria,Two words: Terrifying and Awesome.  If you were a fan of the movie then this game will take you back to places and nightmares forgotten since that night in the theater long ago.
76561198123115695,Recommended,214490,12444114,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Knight,"This game by far surpasses ign, gamspot, and all those top rated game site reviews! I give this game a 9/10 it's such a fun game and the atmosphere feels just as good as the movie itself. The game does get scary at time's but it came mostly from the music, it's so well down that you think something's about to happen or the alien come's so you wanna turn around or head for cover. The music is that awesome sound you get from 80's music that beat i cannot describe unless your from that time but yea it felt good. Graphics are really nice I have everything maxed out on my i7 gtx 770 3vr 16ram game runs smooth no problems not a one. I highly recommend this game and just so you know ive played this for it least 8 hours and im not even half way through the game. This game is a must buy so don't listen to those low ratings from ign this game is so worth it!"
,Recommended,214490,12444923,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,steventroughtonsmith,"The Alien game I've always wanted to play; terrifying gameplay, and both looks and sounds stunning. Some great sequences too that I definitely wasn't expecting and will thrill fans."
76561198012123946,Recommended,214490,12420434,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wicked Scotty,"Maybe they can't hear you scream in space, but they sure can in the downstairs apartment.  I saw an old Atari controller I used to own on a shelf.  The experience of traveling back in time and forward at the same time is unusual.   9/10"
76561198002448558,Recommended,214490,12422593,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Darth Malgus,"Absolutely awesome...love the retro feel and 80s style setting, you definitely get the feeling you are part of the ""Alien"" Universe....graphics 11/10...My fave game of the Year!"
76561198016155521,Recommended,214490,12422866,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Anti-CMOS,"This is an Alien game the way it should be!!! This game is far far better than the last two games we've played with Aliens in it. AvP 2010 with it's broke and unbalanced melee system. A:CM with it's... well everything, I don't even think they tried. No, Aliens Isolation stands alone. With its detail and atmosphere they nailed the original movie's horror perfectly and with unofficial native support for the Oculus Rift, even amplify the experience. This is the perfect holiday treat, as it's the best haunted house I've been in for years. (Hope you don't suffer from panic attacks.)"
76561198012757721,Recommended,214490,12422987,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MaximusSuper,"Alien Isolation brings fear and apprehension not seen since the first Dead Space. DLC possibilities are endless, an alien with a future how cool. maybe a shotgun, grenades and aliens with less of a future. imagine hunting unscripted aliens as they hunt you. it looks and sounds amazing visuals are very smooth almost flawless.  congrats CA on a great title whoever you are, glad I bought it. next up PREDATORS ?"
76561198014636228,Recommended,214490,12423641,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,potikoutlaw,very good game not alot of killing but it is alot fun and can be hard. This game is more about running around and trying figure out things with some killing! The game looks very good i have it on max with high fps and it is amazing looking. They do have a few bugs but nothing bad. However this game is not for all since it dont have alot shooting in it really more being sneaky with a good storyline in it and making things with things you find!
,Recommended,214490,12424200,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NEWBUSTER1987,This game is fantastic the best at what it does and that is to put you in the movie. yes it might take 4 hours too get to the alien  but if you stick around the alien can get you earlier with in those 4 hours. replaybility is there  and you will get something different each time you play and you can also backtrack. were i am at the moment lets just say you don't just stay on the space station. there is a story too the game way better than aliens colonial marines this game has atmosphere and exploration crafting. i find that medium difficulty is okay but I think that I could get to were iI am on hard with careful thinking and planning at the end of the day I think that if your a real alien fan you will love this game and a horror fan alsothere so many game modes and dlc too be released I cant wait until I ge too the end of this game and go on the different game modes like crew expendable and survivor mode and last survivor. 9/10:)
76561198015878698,Recommended,214490,12424252,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Blackened,the game is truly a master peace puts you in it my heart pounded to the point of no return it is brillan i hope it stays this way this is the alien that has needed to be made!
,Recommended,214490,12424873,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ruffy,Fan of the Alien Universe or not this is a must play for any horror game fan.9/10.*Short Sweet review*
,Recommended,214490,12424730,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,DD,"Finally SEGA got it right, after the fiasco of Aliens vs Predator and Aliens: Colonial Marines i sincerely thought SEGA got the rights of the Aliens franchise to simply ruin such a classic of sci-fi terror, and the later marketing of this fine tittle didn't bring my hopes up, since the later titles promissed so much and delivered so little. Now, that being said, i say this game brings the very essence of what it is the Alien universe: claustrophobic, terrifying, underpower and hopelessness which all you have to survive it's your wits against a creature that represents the antithesis of life. Sure, other horror titles have it's own merits such as Outlast, the indy game Slenderman, the true classic SystemShock 2 and the DeadSpace series, and i'm not speaking just as a fan, but Alien: Isolation truly is a masterpiece, intriguing storyline, well developed passionate characters and the best of what a game engine can deliver, both sound and level design waltz you through the game delivering a awe inducing terrifying experience. As for my final words, i let a few tips here: Play with a good headphones, lower the room light and be prepared for at least half a dozen jump-scares you'll get throughout the game, doesn't matter if you're faint of heart or a hardcore badass, YOU-WILL-BE-SCARED."
76561197998160844,Recommended,214490,12425221,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Jezzy-J,"Mind melting, nail biting though aesthetically pleasing terror, best describes the great joy and dismay that is Alien: Isolation. I went into the game with the inequitable review by IGN lingering in my mind and to my surprise, Alien: Isolation is far from mediocre or sub-par; it is in fact one of the most beautiful and atmospheric games I have ever played, and if anyone is ever in doubt because of some misrepresentation reviews then do not, because this is a game I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,214490,12425322,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,habbaxextreme,"I've played roughly 4 or so hours of this game so far, and the majority of what I've played is excellent. The universe it creates is spot on to the movies, the whole 70s-version-of-the-future is definately there, and it looks great; the graphics are fantasic. The gameplay is smooth and responsive, and the game itself is tense as all hell, I'm on the edge of my seat even when I know I'm safe from the Alien as I know it may be anywhere. There is some combat, mainly against androids, but you'll have to use your feet and weapons for distracting to get past the Xenomorph.The only bad thing I have to say is actually something many other may like, and that's the saving mechanic. I hate it. I have a very good PC but sometimes the game has been unresponsive meaning I have to re-load my game, but so many times it takes me 10 or 15 minutes from where I left off. It's not awful, but when you have a game that is often slow paced and has little action, and you die, and have to do it ALL over again, it get's really annoiyng really quickly.Other than that, the game is great. It's suspensful, true to the films, beautiful and overall a great experience so far. I've yet to complete it but I'll be sure to update my review to suit the entire game. My early review is postive. If you want any game this Autumn, this is the game to buy."
76561198058884587,Recommended,214490,12425866,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Technoramen,"I'm about 7 hours in and man, this game is testing my nerves. It's as oppressive, frightening and stressful a game as I think I've ever played. It's also extremely atmospheric. The graphics are wonderful. Models are a bit chunky if you look at them up close, but the volumetric light and fog give the whole thing a very palpable feel. The artistic direction is also fantastic: it's the most faithful tribute to a franchise I've ever seen. Sound is also great: frmo the Alien clumping around in the vents to the soundtrack adapted from the movie's. Gameplay is simple yet effective: sneak, run, hide, peak around corners and use decoys to distract ennemies while you slip by unnoticed. As far as durability goes, I'm 7 hours in and only at hapter 5 (out of 19). If I extrapolate that means we're looking at at least 20 to 25 hours of gameplay... which is huge considering how tense every moment is. Anyway, I would definitely recommend this game to all lovers of the first movie, as well as to anyone who enjoys true survival games such as Amnesia. It's an absolutely thrilling ride."
,Recommended,214490,12426220,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Smokin Big Doinks in Amish,"I haven't played an Alien based game since AvP, so here it goes.Pros:-Very thrilling! this game makes you always check your corners. You must, absolutely MUST, use your ears and eyes. If you wander under a vent and don't see the acidic drool, then you're ♥♥♥♥ed. It also is dim litted most of the time with a 7/8 foot jet-black alien creature roaming to find you. Very scary!-Great gameplay mechanics: The games hiding methods, detection capabilities, and overall survival horror experience is impeccable, Sifting from room to room constantly in fear really immerses you into the gameplay. The motion sensor is a neat add-on as well. If I didn't have that damn thing I would of definitely died about three times as much.-Graphics- Dang, this game is a beauty. The Alien is just gorgeous (in a terrifying way) gazing upon the hissing behemoth while you're stuffed inside a locker is both beautiful and terrifying. The map has the classic 70's retro look from the movie that I love. Also, seeing all of the fire, steam, and other misc. visuals are very detailed and thought out.-Audio- This game's audio thoroghly reminds me of Dead Space. Terrifying. The creaks and moans in the distance will make you scurry for the nearest locker, or go hide under the nearest table. Also, hearing the alien shimmy through vents, going through doors, or just thundering through a hallway is just awful (in a good way) hearing that damn thing hiss for the first time made me turn down my volume because it's just unsettling. The background music is also nice too!-Captures the meaning of ""survival horror""- For those who may not like being literally trapped in a small room with an alien that will murder you in seconds if you don't think quick and hide will loathe this game. ""Survival Horror"" (IMO) is about surviving through being quick, smart, and skilled. Survival horror is not Dead Space, you don't just blast opponents into the next world with an arsenal of weapons. No, survival horror is this game. You cannot kill this alien. Yes, you can kill humans and, ""Working Joes,"" but they are the least of your concerns. You barely sprint, because if you do, the alien will hear and come after you and most likely catch you because he is about twice as fast as you are. If you don't hide you die simple as that. That is survival horror, being smart and using gadgets and stealth to complete your missions rather than just being an invincible tank and plowing through everyone.Cons:-Saving: I absolutely hate this manual save system. I hate it to the point where it's a bit of a turn off for me. The game is a great challenge which is a good and bad thing. Good, because I like challenging stealth, and bad because it is brutal if you make a mistake. I have had countless times where I was so close to completing my objective and then the alien would kill me and I had to start allllll over again from my last manual save. Very, very frustrating to go through several times.Verdict:-Don't let IGN fool you. This game is very very high on the list of survival horror. It's immersive gameplay, storyline, and terror will stick with you long after you finish it. Yes the saving system is obnoxiously broken in terms of progression, but don't let it deter you. This game is starting to rival my excitement with The Evil Within, and that's pretty ridiculous, For those who don't like taking your time, and being patient, then disregard this game because you will hate it and then blame the developers for making a ""boring game,"" when in reality, they created the best Alien game to date as well as a top 10 survival horror game9.3/10"
,Recommended,214490,12426380,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,NoBlackThunder,Scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ gives your a feeling to be in an real alien movie .. no♥♥♥♥♥♥... SCARY♥♥♥♥♥♥!ok to point out some thinks ... i heard people say the aliend always knows where you are .. thats wrong .. many alien spawn are scripted . tho the alien still walks around in a random way and searches you ... this makes the game quite hard .. even tho you set it on easy .. its impossible to gues where it walks .. it has also god mode on.. so shoting 1000 bullets into it ??? nope aint gonna work ..  one negative thing .. killing android is to hard .. 2 mags or almost 12 bullets ( when you only have 12) for one android is to mutch .. so you only can sneak in this game.. its a simple sneak game .. beside from that .. its AWESOME ! =) ...finnaly a alien game that is what it should be ... maybe to hard but .. what ever beside from that its good ... so you like sneak games with an alien in it? puzzels ??? go for it .. but dont expect to kill many people or an alien at all. also the story is from so far i see great =) worth evry penny basicly =)
76561198000061899,Recommended,214490,12426938,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Ozark,"Well been playing Alien Isolation sense 10 ish this evening (10-8-14) again and have to say that i dont know what the people who have been rating this game as bad and nearly CM bad are smoking but they need major rehab and a lot less game company bribes. Its a wonderfully faithful game to the original movie is very tense, truly scary and very dark, the alien itself is a tall smart evil and menacing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that while i hate for having killed me so much im in love at how deadly and intelligent it is. I have been actually scared by this game many times which it is the first in a long long time to have truly gotten me to scream and jump like no other lol. The pre-order DLC content i got i played thru first in order to feel like i truly could go thru the main game and while its short its no means less terrifying in fact its easier than the main game and lures you into a trap of ""HAHA i can handle this alien no problem thanks to my trusty? flamethrower!?"" Then you play the actual main game and quickly discover that the flamethrower is a gift from a merciful god who has abandoned you to die ... All in all i'd say it's a 9 out of 10 for me if it gets more DLC thats longer and maybe a mission that goes into the sequel i'd be ex-tactic but im in love with this game and anyone who is a fan of Alien or Aliens will be in love with it. ""Yours Truly"" ""Kaz"""
76561198000423352,Recommended,214490,12426939,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Da Worst Player Ever,"I'm about ten hours in and have to say I'm really enjoying it. It's a true tribute to the original Alien movies. Everything looks like it came from a set in the blade runner or alien movie. It's not a guns blazing game, it's more a simulator for for being stuck on a space station that's falling apart, filled with out of control androids and an Alien trying to hunt everyone down.The only negative is it can be exhausting. Being hunted for 45 mins by the Alien is stressful and milage may vary. One player might get lucky and slip by thanks to luck of picking the right route. Meanwhile another player might pick the same route the Alien AI picked and be sucked into a vicious game of cat and mouse.The games aesthetics are outstanding, the sound/music is extremely atmospheric. The voice acting is reasonable and the cut scenes are great. The story is a little slow but that's only because you're too busy trying not to get eaten or beaten to death to worry about just completing your next objective.If you are a fan of the original Alien movie and don't mind a game that doesn't involve huge amounts of gunplay action this might well be worth picking up. If you want to run about feeling like a god blowing everything up being a badass this is not a game for you. In Alien Isolation you are weak, vulnerable and often a foot away from death."
,Recommended,214490,12427527,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Louise ♡,"Scary but, I'd recommend this to anyone who likes alien games and such :D"
,Recommended,214490,12427546,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,SpaceNinja,"Great follow up to the original Alien movie. Over-all rating 8.5/10Pros: Awesome story, intense (if you like that sort of thing.), Amazing graphics, Very satisfying progression, and immersive.Cons: Gets a bit repetative at times (hiding and running back and forth.)If you can get past some of the monotony, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,214490,12427898,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Craig Jones,Best Alien game ever! Best Movie Tie in Ever!!!! Buy It!
,Recommended,214490,12427980,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Gluchacki,"Alien: Isolation, is indeed by far a scary a$$ game! The Lighting and sound are amazing. A must buy for people who want to keep on their toes to stay alive"
,Recommended,214490,12428312,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,CHIN CHIN,So ♥♥♥♥ing scary... best alien game ever. totally not Colonial marines lmao..
76561197993864252,Recommended,214490,12453620,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,†VLAD THE IMPALER†,Great Atmosphere and Fun gameplay really ejoyed this! my advice if you like these type of games.....get it.
76561198104172040,Recommended,214490,12454075,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The Gun Smith,best and 2nd scaryest game ive played eat yo heart out 5 nights at freddys
,Recommended,214490,12454092,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Kingbogart,Sick as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214490,12454887,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Fairemont,Pretty solid game. Definitely worth getting.
,Recommended,214490,12455245,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Anderson,"Played this using the Oculus Rift DK2 and I had a blast. This was easily the most complete VR experience I had so far. Finished the game in about 20 hours because I would seldom pause to look around and admire the finely crafted enviroments.PROS:- Very detailed world with good ambience, it really feels like you are inside a rundown space station.- The Alien AI got some bashing, but I can say that it always kept me on my toes and posed a good challenged and instilled a sense of dread. The first 20 or so times will really freak you out.- VR implementation was good enough, far from perfect but it shows that the did indeed gave it some love.CONS:- A bit too long for its own good. By the middle/end of the game it drags a lot, reusing areas, forcing a lot of arbitrary backtracking (There's a scene where you have to run around through the same area back and forth 3 times). It's a bit like Dead Space: you go somewhere to do something, once you get there it doesn't work/it is useless/it's destroyed, so you are rerouted somewhere to do something else which will also not accomplish anything at all.- Gameplay gets a bit repetitive and later you learn how to game the Alien AI and that knowledge combined with the flamethrower makes it become more like a nuisance than a fearless unkillable stalker (granted, it happens after several hours of tense gameplay, so this actually felt like a relief).Conclusion: If you have a DK2, don't think twice, get this game. Unless you don't like to experience dread and fear in a videogame or you have some serious heart condition."
76561197960397406,Recommended,214490,12456039,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Hotline,Fantstic game. Just make sure you strap your balls in when you play. This is terrifying and jumpy in a great way. It's so atmospheric it's almost tangible. It's long but never outstays its welcome. The tension and atmosphere carry over throughout the hours. A slow burning epic.
,Recommended,214490,12456100,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,HansLollo,"This is the first game I recommended... ever. On top of it, it's a licensed game that's actually worth a damn. The end of the world must be close."
,Recommended,214490,12456203,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,squatty bum touch,This is an awesome game and i really enjoyed playing it
76561198039072259,Recommended,214490,12456275,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Aaron,"As an adult, it's sometimes hard to admit to people that you still play video games. It's much harder to admit to people that a video game caused you to pee your pants. Twice."
76561197970924275,Recommended,214490,12457021,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Arcwelder,"This is a great looking, very challenging game that oozes the atmosphere of the original film. Frankly, I think the sounds make it all. Highly recommended if you like stealth and horror."
76561198056590109,Recommended,214490,12457241,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rem,"This game is.....absolutely amazing, the survival horror I have been waiting for. If you like games like the original RE then this is a must have hands down, if you do not like slow pased game then this may not be your cup of tea however give it a chance and you will come to love it. 11/10 stars from me. Seriously this game is a must have, it makes up for all the crap Alien games that came before it."
,Recommended,214490,12457243,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dyne,"It lives up to the hype, I think. The plot is great and there is a lot of narration driving it either through communication with other characters or text and audio logs found throughout the station. The Alien is pretty terrifying at first but it's also pretty frustrating as no matter how stealthily you move around it always knows which area you're in and drops in at random. I once ducked into a cabinet to hide, waited 2-3 minutes for the Alien to leave, and THE SECOND I opened the door to get out it came back so I had to climb back inside. This happened over and over three times before I was finally able to walk to the other side of the room and by the time I got there the Alien came back and killed me. It was far more annoying than scary in that particular moment. But once you start to understand how the Alien moves around and what the different sounds of footsteps mean you don't even really need the motion tracker as much.Aside from annoying moments like that (which are few and far between) I love it. The weapons in the game almost seem like they're only there to give action gamers something to sate them as I've only used my handgun once and I'm about  half-way through the game. Avoiding enemies is far more preferable than attacking them as gunfire and shouting draws the Alien and it ruins everybody's day. Although it is fun to lob a noisemaker into a room full of bad guys and watch the Alien descend on them and take care of the problem for you.The re-wire system in the game is fun to play with once or twice but it doesn't usually do anything helpful and half the time when I'm trying to use the panels the Alien sneaks up behind me and kills me before I can get out of the ""mini-game"" and move. Interacting with computers and panels like that could have definitely been done better, it sometimes takes 7 or 8 seconds to disengage from something you're interacting with and by that time the enemy has already spotted you and if it's the Alien if you're spotted you're dead. I know there's a flamethrower which if you have enough time to hose the creature down will give you a second chance to get away but you need a good 3 seconds of spray before it retreats.I wish the motion sensor would beep even when you don't have it raised because, especially when interacting with objects like mentioned above, sometimes you just can't look at it and this has caused me to die several times. It does beep once to let you know something has started moving in range but you don't know if it's getting closer or further away. It's not as though you can just wait for the Alien to be far away and then do whatever you need to do because it can be back on top of you in 2 or 3 seconds and you'll have no way of knowing it's coming. Again, more frustrating than scary. The sound of the motion sensor can tip enemies off to where you are if they're close enough so a mute option would have been nice. I know that would be a crazy amount of detail to put into a tool like that but it makes sense.A lot of this is nitpicking... overall it's a great game and I haven't noticed any bugs or glitches except that sometimes when loading a saved game something a character was holding will be suspended in mid air. This has happened a few times and once was with my own motion sensor but once I used it, the floating model disappeared. Not a game breaker. I'd love to be able to finish it this weekend but I'm still stuck in that darn room where the Alien keeps coming every time I leave the cabinet. Luckily its paths aren't scripted so hopefully this time around I'll be able to get to the door before it magically realizes I'm not hiding."
,Recommended,214490,12457776,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,vaer-k,"Overall, it's a fun game. They perfectly captured the vibe of the first Alien movie (the only good one). The game is atmospheric and immersive. I went in with low expectations so it was hard to let me down, but I would like to point out one major flaw: the alien AI. Man, it just won't leave you alone.I mean, I know that might sound expected, but it just follows you wherever you go and magically knows your general location. You can hide in a locker and it will search the room from top to bottom looking for you, and when it leaves you'll feel relieved that you can finally get back to moving forward with your mission--but nope it comes running right back into the room so back in the locker you go. Then rinse and repeat. You can't even play the game because you're stuck staring through locker slats. I've found that moving fast and keeping a few steps ahead of it is best, but then that means you've no time to explore or scavenge. Fortunately, this kind of situation seems limited to certain levels (haven't beaten the game yet.)This alien is clingier than a bad ex-girlfriend. Other than that, it's been real fun Alien nostalgia and I've had some good scares."
,Recommended,214490,12457816,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Graham Golden,"Amazing atmosphere. If you like the first alien, then you will love this game."
76561198037205770,Recommended,214490,12458433,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jinx the Husky,There is only one (just one) thing I hate about Alien: Isolation......It's given SEGA enough revenue to make another damn Sonic the Hedgehog game...Thank you and goodnight.
,Recommended,214490,12458584,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Waddles Sandusky.,"I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself at least 5 times so far. And this time, it wasn't due to my weak butt hole. It was from that god damned alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,214490,12458614,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Cryosphere,"Holy hell, this game is honestly one of the best horror games I've played in a long time. It's been almost 2 hours after beating it on hard mode and I'm still on edge. If you're a fan of true horror games, (Silent Hill 2 and Fatal Frame for examples, none of that jumpscares galore crap like Slender and FIve Nights At Freddies) and a fan of the Alien franchise, I wholeheartedly recommend this game. Definitely a worthy entry to the Alien franchise, and none of that Colonial Marines crap is anywhere near this game."
76561197961542297,Recommended,214490,12458721,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mentok,HORROR SURVIVAL is like outlast
76561198088180034,Recommended,214490,12458924,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Antwone,"FINALLY!!! An alien game that merits the title! This game is amazing, not your typical run and gun. It plays a lot like Outlast, and keeps you on the edge of your seat. After previous titles I was skeptical but this game is worth it. Ignore the biased and compensated $$$ reviews by IGN etc, this game is awesome if you liked the movies. BUY IT"
,Recommended,214490,12457995,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Saetyr,"To quote gamesradar reviewer, David Houghton:""Many licensed games use art and sound assets from the original source, but most, at best, do a good impersonation. Alien: Isolation feels like Alien. Clean lines and dirty surfaces. Brutal, utilitarian spaces and gently dancing light. The interplay between abrasive, ambiguous noise, weighted, underplayed dialogue, and thick, nervous silence. That atmosphere. Plenty of games, officially or not, try to steal the look of Alien, but only Isolation has ever captured its soul.""If you are a fan of survival horror AND sci-fi you should love this game, You pretty much must like stealth gameplay mechanics. You also must be okay with having an anxiety attack every time you turn a corner or put your radar down.I'm a die-hard Alien mythos fan-- this game is the real deal, no bulls**t.Also: Screw what IGN had to say about it-- they're as credible as a Yelp review."
,Recommended,214490,12459023,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Omni Potent Space Baby,not finished the game yet. But our scary friend has been quite the challenge so far.  If you like the game type you might get this. If ur that and a huge fan of the source material I cannot imagine not getting into this.  Dont stare at him. He doesnt like it.
76561198060401398,Recommended,214490,12459718,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Couzare,Excellent game! Well worth the play.
76561197962888844,Recommended,214490,12459753,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,MeBaD,10/10 difficulty
76561197978624616,Recommended,214490,12459849,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Disease Injury Madness,"I just want to say to Creative Assembly, thank you for making this game! This is the Alien game, as a fan of the Alien franchise, we have been waiting for. The attention to detail and atmosphere is incredible and all the hard work that was put in to making this a great game really shows. For anyone that is on the sidelines as  to whether or not to get this, do it! If you are a fan you will not be disappointed. If you are not a fan , but love survival horror this game will not dissappoint.The game is difficult, but rewarding if you take your time with it. Im not good at stealth games, but that does not keep me from enjoying the game. Being in that atmosphere, hiding from the Alien, It really makes you feel the terror of being hunted. The games mechanics come together so perfectly. Turn off the lights, put on your headphones, and get lost in the Alien universe. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,12460171,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dazz Lightgear,"I'm a bit surprised there isn't a multiplayer mode on the 'Crew Expendable' DLC, seems like a bit of a missed opportunity.I haven't finished the Campaign yet, but so far the game is amazing. Every corner has me cringing from the screen. Every odd noise has me stopping and peaking around.Hard Mode is definitely the way to play (recommended by devs).This holds true to the original movie's ideals and you can tell this was developed thoughtfully. Definitely has done the series justice after a long few premiumly♥♥♥♥♥♥rip off titles."
76561197969314294,Recommended,214490,12460505,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Kraken,"Brilliant, faithful, scary, immersive game.  If you love the original Alien movie and also love Deus Ex: Human Revolution this game will be right up your street."
76561198040949861,Recommended,214490,12425668,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wintermute,10\10
76561198009636534,Recommended,214490,12461624,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Magi,Ok ya... Go get this game now if you don't hate yourself and love the Alien movies!!Ok i'll be serious. Just finished the game! No spoilers! The game is both exciting and frustrating at the same time. The frustration come from the panic causing situations of hiding from everything. First you panic from the sounds. Then you hide and hope to stay alive only to be killed so quickly I can only call it frustrating. That being said I have never died so many times in a game to only keep playing in the hopes I could stay alive for a little longer. Remember to save your progress when you can! If you are a fan of the Alien movies like I am this game will fulfill a need to be saturated be the look and feel of the original Alien movie. The game is OH SOOO pretty when running on high end hardware. If the desginers objective was to keep the game moving forward with continuous near panic game play. This is as good as it gets for a true fan of the movies. I was genuinely scared during most of the game. The sound of the alien crawing around in the airducks will make the hair on your neck stand up!In some games the story is force feed and leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth. I then daydream nostalgically back when FPS games were open and free of forced perspectives and single direction progressions. This game isn't nearly that bad. The story is key here and not forced. You engage the story as it progresses. The game is mostly open but with clearly defined missions. Although I didn't do much site seeing during the game because of the constant fear of death. This is kind of a downer because of how good everything looks. I just wanted to stop and look around for a while. They really took there time on this one. It captures the look of the original movie esthetic perfectly. You should be playing it for that reason alone.Small beef...  Where is the jump button!? There is no jumping in the game and I'm not sure why. Maybe it would have confused the console guys? Or maybe the story directors didn't want jumping to interfere with the feel of the game. You will be spending most of the game in a crouched position if you know whats good for you. Anyway..... Don't let that turn you off from buying. Like I mentioned earlier you will love the look of everything so much you wont notice it! lol
,Recommended,214490,12461842,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MonkInsane,"Run, Hide and whatever you do do not let it hear or see you. I was worried after colonial marines, but CA finally did what no-one else could - make a game worthy of the franchise.Alien Isolation will instill the fear that the species should instill, you will dread encountering it, and  when you do, I'd suggest adult diapers - just in case."
76561198004663245,Recommended,214490,15987260,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,spagett,"10/10 does the original Alien movie justice.Has a memory leak somewhere, its manageable. They got the horror right, if only they could make a decent Colonial Marines game too."
,Recommended,214490,15977024,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Trinzilla,I had 46 heart attacks and 16 0rgasms while playing this game.10/10
,Recommended,214490,15807203,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DrTy Words,THE best game in a string of broken promises. If you were a fan of the original movie this is for you. Gameplay is totally unmatched in the franchise. Spasm if not fear inducing atmospheric tension. Definitely worth the write home to MU-TH-UR.
,Recommended,214490,15808377,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,-=TheDoctor=-,"Wow. Jesus Christ, what a ride. That was, by far, the most intense experience I've ever had in a video game. It's scary, it's hard, it's frustrating, but most importantly, it's rewarding. That amazing relief you feel when you reach a save station or enter a new area, knowing you're safe, is wonderful.Graphics: Everything looks great. Fire, lighting, characters, outer space, machinery, it's all incredibly detailed and beautiful to look at. The design is great as well. It looks just like the original movie did, but slightly upgraded (which would make sense, given the story). The game absolutely nailed the futuristic space theme.Ambience: Definitely the best ambience I've experienced in a modern game. I find myself disappointed with most modern games' attempts at background noises, music, etc, but this one was perfectly done. The alien can be heard moving around in the vents, and the station is constantly making distant crashing noises, so you're always uneasy, knowing the station could be minutes from destruction.  It adds a whole new level of tension and constant fear that makes the game even more intense.Story: As far as I can tell, it seems very true to the original movie. I saw the movie when I was pretty young, and none of the sequels or video games lived up to that original horrifying experience. This game created characters I genuinely cared about, a story that kept me wondering what would happen next, and had voice acting that almost brought me to tears at times.Gameplay: This, unfortunately, is where I think the game suffers, depending on your viewpoint. While the sneaking is phenomenal, I found myself consistently frustrated with two aspects of the gameplay: the save system, and the movement speed. This game utilizes save stations, which is not always a bad mechanic (Dead Space did it quite well). However, the save stations are small, hard to find, and generally very scarce. One might argue that this adds an element of fear to the game, given that dying would be a major setback (sometimes 30 minutes of gameplay can be lost), but I believe that it makes the game much more frustrating, rather than scary or intense. I frequently found myself quitting the game because I would die and end up having to repeat 15-30 minutes of gameplay in order to get back to the part I died at, only to die yet again. This is where the movement speed comes in. Your character walks very slowly, and running is almost never a good idea because the alien will hear you. Therefore, if I want to complete a section, I have to do so very slowly, which gets tedious when you have to do it over 5 times. I found this to be extremely frustrating throughout the whole game, but luckily there were enough positive aspects that I kept coming back to it.Overall, this game is a masterpiece. A difficult, frustrating, intense, horrifying, beautiful masterpiece. It's clear the developers put a lot of time, effort, and love into this game. If you loved the original movie like I did, this is the Alien game you've been waiting for. Buy it, play it, and love it. 10/10"
,Recommended,214490,15849279,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,SkinnyJeanes,"I have a love-hate relationship with this game. And by that I mean I love this game, and it absolutely hates me, in the best possible way. If you like horror games and the Alien movies, get this game. Even if you don't like the movies but like horror games, get this game. (Also, what's wrong with you? Who doesn't at least like the first movie?)GameplayThe gameplay is quite good. There is some stuff I had issues with, partially due to my own idiocy but I'll also blame the game for not informing me better: your life-sign scanner makes noise, and if you have it out whilst hiding nearby enemies can hear it. I died a lot before a loading screen told me this fact (again, likely due to my own idiocy). I also spent way to much time crouch-walking, by the end I'm sure Ripley had some insane thighs, but I might just be dumb and didn't need to crouch that much.StoryThe story is solid. Similar toAlienin all the right ways without being too similar. Maybe a tad predictable at times, but what isn't? However, the story is also where I feel I have some genuine complaints. There was one point where a section of you being stalked by the alien became way too long, it needed something to break it up and ease the tension a bit before throwing me back into highly stressful alien scenes. Additionally, towards the end the game begins to rely way to heavily on the ""Oh you thought this was the end? Guess again!"" method of drawing out a story, and after about the third ""Guess again!"" I was sick of it. Other than that, I enjoyed the story, and the atmosphere was incredible.GraphicsIt's a good looking game. I managed to run it on the highest settings (GTX 880 and an excessive 24G RAM) and it stayed around 60fps the whole time.MusicI'd like to commend whoever scored this game. It is a great soundtrack, it really compliments the atmosphere and is reminiscent of the score ofAlien. I would however, also like to punch them for making already tense gameplay even more stressful with their masterful danger music. I also had to turn the music volume down to make sure I could hear the alien's footsteps, sound is really important in this game and as much as I love the score it was way too loud on default, but that's fairly minor and inevitably down to personal taste.ConclusionNever have I so enjoyed being stalked by an entirely OP enemy. If you like this genre you really need this game."
76561198007686822,Recommended,214490,15856355,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Brevard,A superb capture of the original movie's suspense and horror. Recommended to any Alien and horror fans.
,Recommended,214490,15766858,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Super Strider,"If you're into survival horror games and like the Alien movies, you might want to give this game a shot. Sacred the living daylights out of me."
76561198134664870,Recommended,214490,15742152,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DrewmanAvenger,"Really good game, the most atmosperic game i have ever played, defo worth a go!!"
76561198096846285,Recommended,214490,15767205,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,usswanker,"Wow, what a ride. At first I was kind of put off to this game. It is very slow paced and frustrating sometimes but I decided to stick with it and I'm glad I did. Your first instinct is to run every time you see the damn Alien but that something you’ve got to get over. It surely means death! After getting the hang of the mechanics and understanding how the Alien works you can traverse the levels fairly easily. The game captures the classic Alien feel of a 70s futuristic setting with breathtaking visuals and sound. It’s a fun ride from beginning to end. If you’re an Alien fan and love survival horror this is a must play."
76561198080443852,Recommended,214490,15770718,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Donatella Versace,The only time I ever ran away from an angry black space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥11/10 would bang
76561198125959692,Recommended,214490,16684511,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Krix,You read that correctly: 5.0 hours of gameplay.  I've owned this game since it's release and I'm such a ♥♥♥♥♥ I'm still working on my first playthrough.  One of two scenarios usually happens.1.  Creep about > Encounter Alien > Die > Save & Quit2.  Creep about > Hear strange noise > Hide in wall locker for 20 minutes and yell at the gf because I can't hear if the alien is coming > Find Save point & Quit10/10.
,Recommended,214490,16687527,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,HANDSOME,You will die...A lot
,Recommended,214490,15241531,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,KraftyKev,"Do not waste your money.  What could have been a great and wonderful Alien experience is ruined by making it more about surviving people than the alien. Also, lets not forget the, oh look a shiny pistol laying on the ground after I spent almost an hour getting the perfect situation to ambush someone instead of just running away, and NOT BEING ABLE TO PICK IT UP.  Ruined immersion.  Was going so well too.  So now with gun toting murderers all around, I can't pick up a weapon to defend myself because of ""game mechanic"" lazines.Go torrent the game first then decide if you want to buy it.  Also ruining immersion is that ALL the doorways are too low and people's heads clip through them.  Just a lack of attention to detail.Was so close to rating this game a thumbs up, if Sega ever gets their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥and patches numerous thigs, I will change my tune.  Until then, the Alien video game franchise continues to ruin the Alien univernse.Ok. After getting over the arbitrary rule/gimmicks in the begininning I have fallen in love with the game.  It is difficult (beyond arbitrary rules) and terrifying. My fiancee still pokes fun at me about the time she ehard me scream from upstairs and come down to cuddle the dog for 15 minutes while I found the courage to go back upstairs...     Anyway, besides a few graphic glitches here and there, very well done game and kept true to the Alien feel.  Enjoy playing the game."
,Recommended,214490,16690259,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,yeah man,I was hiding from an android when the Xenomorph snatched me up into the vents and I never played again. 10/10it's great
,Recommended,214490,16692154,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sithioth,"I thought dead space, silent hill and resident evil were scary games but this one here is just TERRIFYING!They did such a great job with the style of this game which closely resembles the movie!you will hear and see a lot of familar stuff in this game. I am extremely impressed!The game engine is incredible! I'm impressed how my Rig handles. it says a 2Gig R9 200+ is recommended to play but I'm playing this on ultra settings smoooothly!  on an amd fx 6 core with a HD 6850 1gig 256bit gddr5 cardI recommend this game. It's BEST played in the middle of the night in a dark room alone...."
,Recommended,214490,16695069,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,gazalar85,Best survival game I have ever played.
,Recommended,214490,16695461,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,NortHunter,"Awesome game it is scary,always keep the tension high but above all it is superb stealth game.Modern,fun,high tension stealth game.You should try it."
76561197971385843,Recommended,214490,16742452,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Valar Morghulis,"This is by far the best and most compelling game adaptation of a movie franchise,I have encountered so far, in my so called ""gamer life"".Just like the original the suspense is just nerve wracking.I got my fair share of adrenalin rushes whenever I snuck by the alien unnoticedor whenever I could repel it with the last fire blast left in my flame thrower.To those who might say the alien is overpowered and sometimes unfair...have you seen the movies? It's a freakin Xenomorph, not a puppy.Although the latter also tend to hug your face sometimes. xD"
76561197979458488,Recommended,214490,16749396,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ol'Snake Rushini,Headphones... Lights Out... 11/10 would sh!t pants again
76561198068167796,Recommended,214490,16749717,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,xSlayeRx,"This game is so good, I'm f'n scared to finish it. Must play for any fans of suvival horror or the Alien series."
,Recommended,214490,16749996,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Covert Cactus,"Right now I'm on the 4th or 5th chapter and so far this game has been great. I was expecting this game to hold my hand from beginning to end. I was expecting the usual stuff that is present in so many AAA games (including so called survival horror games) such as regenerating health, constant checkpoints, plenty of items, and ammo. To my complete and total surprise AI doesn't do any of that. In fact a lot of the game mechanics are borrowed from older survival horror games such as the old Resident Evil games and Silent. Health syringes need to be constructed and parts are scarce. Your ""checkpoints"" are the beginning of each chapter. Like the old RE and SH games when you die you go back to your last save. If you didn't save at all during the chapter and you die, tough cookies kid, you start the chapter over.Unlike Amnesia and it's knockoffs, you don't play as a completely defenseless character hiding from everything. You get weapons to defend yourself. However those should be used a last resort because your character is still quite fragile. Androids are your basic enemy. They are slow, easy to outrun, and generally have a predictable route. However they are quite resilient to damage. I haven't been able to kill one yet. They can be found in groups and if they catch up to you, they will kill you. Humans are more intermidiate. They generally have guns to kill you at range, they are accurate, and typically attack in groups. They are fairly fragile and can be taken out with your maintenance jack.Then there is the alien. Big, fast, and dangerous. The developers weren't kidding when they said it can attack anywhere randomly. They said there are no scripted times for it to appear but I'm not completely sure about that yet. It does get one scripted entrance in the form of the cutscene where it drops in to the room with you and then leaves. After that it's game on. In one room where you have to find a way to communicate with your ship, you end up setting off an alarm. I exected the alien to drop in but it didn't. Instead I had to get past a bunch of androids and after I finally got past them and away from their area I got killed by the alien just sitting in a vent. I did see the saliva dripping down from the vent but I was so worried about getting out of there that I didn't pay much attention to it. The game didn't stop and focus on saliva and I didn't get any kind of notice saying to watch out. So I got killed. In most games there would be all sorts of signs and signals telling you that the alien is setting an ambush but not in AI. It's rather refreshing actually. After I reloaded and got to that point again, the alien wasn't there.The part that made me question whether it's truly unscripted or not is when I got a passcode from an office and was told to go get a keycard and I left the office expecting the alien to drop in and it did. I hid under a table and eventually got found and killed. I haven't started the game again but if it comes back through that vent again or even in the general vicinity I'm going to say it's probably scripted. It's not necesarrily a bad thing though because I still feel like it can attack anywhere. I was sneaking past more androids in the previous chapter and I could hear the alien moving around in the vents, following me. For the sake of gameplay I'm sure there are parts where it's scripted to show up.When the alien is in the room with you, you need to step your game up. You can't sit in one spot and wait for it to leave. It will find you, if you stay in spot too long, and it doesn't have a set patrol path like dumb guard from a stealth game. You need to use your wits and gadgets to survive and escape. It can even hear your motion tracker beeping if you are using near the alien. And yes, your motion tracker truly only tracks motion. If an enemy isn't moving, it won't show up on the tracker. So if the alien is waiting in a vent you won't see it on the tracker.The game does a great job setting the atmosphere and keeping you in a state of discomfort. You worry about your inventory and enemy encounters.  For people who prefer the ease of modern AAA games, then AI isn't for you. The game uses mechanics from a gaming era that I thought was pretty much dead and gone. Even being a fan of those old school survival horror games, I still was not expecting the game to be so difficult. There is no hand holding, no checkpoints, no help. In a sea of annual sequals, kill streaks, perks, and other casual gamer trash, AI is an island of great gaming.The only issues I have with the game so far is that the reasoning behind the humans being hostile and enemies may clip through objects. You will encounter hostile humans and a character in the beginning explains that the alien has caused people to distrust and fear each other causing people to split in to their own little groups to forage and attack others. If a single, large, dangerous alien was on your ship, wouldn't it be smarter for everyone to band together to fight it? The alien is trying to kill all of you so why kill each other? That was a pretty weak excuse to put in hostile humans but I'll forgive it because the rest of the game was so good. I did have an android clip through an elevator door and I was stuck in an elevator with it. Luckily the other door soon opened and I was able to escape. And I did see a post in the forum saying they had enemies clip through objects.It's an excellent game so do yourself a favor and get it."
,Recommended,214490,16752041,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LegenDari,Most scariest game I ever played.
,Recommended,214490,16619204,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Stormizer,hmhhmhm
76561197991523491,Recommended,214490,16619636,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mojoyoyo,"Great game. The best purchase i did in years. It's one of the best games i ever played, but in difficult the Alien is almost GOD. HE KNOWS ALWAYS where you are, well the area where you are actually. You can't fool him. You can hide but he will return and sometimes he stays near you for 5 mins looking for you in the same room and you can't move. But if you achieve to scape he will know instantly the area where you are and follow you. T__T i would love to be able to troll him but he is the only one doing trolling."
76561198007637505,Not Recommended,214490,16619782,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eriskumma,"Please, don't waste your money on this buggy, p.o.s, sorry excuse of a game. It was the shortest playing experience I've had since QWOP, doors are bugged and won't open, I'm stuck at the beginning. Googled for solutions but none of the suggested workarounds helps. Sega apparently isn't interested in fixing this since oldest bug reports are over 6 months old. CAVEAT EMPTOR!!!!"
76561198201870514,Recommended,214490,16578603,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SirDweller,"Story:The story of Alien Isolation is interesting, you are Amanda Ripley looking for your mother Ellen who is lost on the ship Nostromo, the game is mainly about Amanda's emotional journey and her time on the Sevastopal station. Although the story's delivery isn't strong due to mediocre voice acting and lot's of padding it's still intriguing as this story never actually happened in the films.Presentation:Creative Assembly have gone all out in terms of presentation for Alien Isolation, the detail of this atmospheric world is outstanding, from the jaw dropping lighting system to the whisps of smoke coming from vents you will honestly feel like you are in Ridley Scotts retro futuristic world.Gameplay:The gameplay of Alien Isolation is what makes it different from other survival horror games, for example in most survival horrors the paths of enemies become pretty predicatable after you've died a few times, the twist with Isolation is that you never know when the Alien is coming, you could be walking through a corridor and it will just drop at any time, this is affected by player actions for example if you are running or perhaps shooting another enemy this will change the aliens behaviour accordingly.Soundtrack:CA have nailed the soundtrack of Alien Isolation, whilst staying true to the original score they have added some of their own ideas which pays off very well creating some real tension during chases.Verdict:Creative Assembly have categorically created one of the finest survial horror games to date, not only have they captured the atmosphere of 1979's Ridley Scott's Alien but they have fundamentally delivered a scary and unpredictable experience. If you are an Alien fan or just enjoy a true survival horror this is for you."
76561198000737026,Recommended,214490,16629781,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DarthBec,"This has some great game design! You really feel vulnerable and hunted, just like the films. The way the sound is integrated into the game is excellent, you really have to *listen* when playing. Headphones on, alone in the house, it's really scary :D"
,Recommended,214490,16630943,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pedo Bear :3,"If your going to play this game, play it in the dark, with a very loud headset with good bass surround sound.you must ensure you put it on a high difficulty, the experience of the alien running after you is a whole new level with a decent headset :')be prepared to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself :')"
76561198049124550,Recommended,214490,12574825,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,I AIN'T YO DAD,"This game kept me sweating all the ♥♥♥♥ing time that I played and it made sure to never make me feel calm, so if you're into getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you go ahead and play this mother♥♥♥♥ing game brah."
76561198069286604,Recommended,214490,12575243,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,I'm A-Lert,"Very difficult, play on the hardest setting!  The amount of stealth is crazy and when you do die by the alien you may want to cry because you made it so far but then you didn't get to a save point.  Revel in the pain with me."
76561197967092659,Recommended,214490,12481252,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Munkeylord,"I havn't gotten very far, but between hiding and runnig from what i thought was something deadly only to find out i was wrong the whole ♥♥♥♥ing time. it's classic, put it up there with running into the flood in halo for the first time. plus the sounds, wow the sounds are amazing. you will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and think you are in trouble when nothing is actually going on. all in all, ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying.Also, stay out of lockers. they are alien feeding dispensaries."
,Recommended,214490,12604583,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Phatose,"Loses some steam at the end, but makes the Alien genuininely terrifying again."
76561197971632607,Recommended,214490,12605132,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Spanish Pimps,Wow. I'll make a comparison to System Shock 2 here which is high praise. If only it had more crafting and skill building. Still definitely worth buying right out the gate (something I rarely do)...
76561197976872779,Recommended,214490,12605621,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Santiago,"The first action-adventure game that I've been able to play for longer than a few hours. This game actually scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me at times. I have an Oculus Rift DK2, but I haven't attempted to use it with this game because I seriously think it will mess with my head."
,Recommended,214490,12606694,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Wedgie,"Trouser soiling material. I've played every Alien franchise game since forever (yes, including Colonial Marines...) and as far as single player goes, this is the best yet."
76561198089425962,Recommended,214490,12607521,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,boguz5,"The game is awesome but diffucult a little bit even in medium.Athmospher,crafting med.,weapon and much more.It's the game what we expect from the series when we think about Colonial Marines.Thanks all of them for bringing the game."
76561198089551359,Recommended,214490,12609565,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Pinhead,"Alien Isolation is the definitive horror game of this year and perhaps one of the greatest games of all time. I have never felt so compelled by and utterly engrossed in a game. Having just finished the main campaign,  all I can do is offer my highest recommendation. This game is defnitely worth the price and your time.Creative Assembly has successfully designed a game that is truly unique and original on almost every level. The clever gameplay,  innovative level design, stunningly gorgeous visuals, masterful storytelling, spot-on voice-acting, amazing musical score, and realistic sound all coalesce into one of the greatest experiences a game has to offer.Buy this game."
76561198005956858,Recommended,214490,12611095,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Heretic,Brilliant! captures the atmosphere of the original movie brilliantly.First game i've played that scared the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.
76561198034161373,Recommended,214490,12766614,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,BlackRose2206,"Well what can i say a wonderful game that deservs the name ""Alien"" it's a well programmed Game and a well done Scary Atmosphere i recommend this game played in the dark of night and with headphones and you will enjoy it!"
76561198101888467,Recommended,214490,12767318,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jay,"One of the best all around games I have played in a while. As a fan of the horror-survivor genre, this game truly brings out the fear. Even when you know exactly whats going on and where it all is this game still makes you jump. it stays true to the story of the Alien franchise and 80's sci-fi thrill. My opinion 8.5/10"
76561198148276713,Recommended,214490,12767855,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,brandon.s.brown,"This game is terrifying, smart and a real challenge.  As a fan of the movies, especially the first, I love the add on mods that allow you to replay those movies as if you were Ripley.  I have yet to really delve into the main game, but I just spent 9 hours trying to flush the alien out of the airlock and reliving Ripley's terrifying escape from the Nostromo.  This is the best game I've played this year."
76561197972489602,Recommended,214490,12768995,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Alcor Meridiani,"I still remember watching the first Alien movie when I was 12. It has been my favorite horror/scifi movie ever since. Everything from the clostophobic environment, the sense of constent tension, and the sheer terror from being near the alien beast was incredibly well recreated in this game. The music, sounds, script, narrative, etc. is incredible. So, yes, I fully endorse this game, and it will make you feel as if you were in a nightmare!"
76561198156868620,Recommended,214490,12781296,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Road,"I have enjoyed Alien Isolation immensely. The best way I could describe the gameplay is simply ""hide and seek."" The AI of the Alien is unpredictable, too, and makes for a very palm-wetting experience. That's probably the scariest part of the whole experience with the Alien; it's so unpredictable. The atmosphere and environment are unsettling and dreary. The sounds of the Alien stalking you certainly add a nervous feeling, as well. The only complaint I have is the human and robot AI are TOO predictable. However, those poor AI situations are intensified x100 as soon as the Alien enters the room! Then you kind of appreciate the ""poor"" AI... All in all, I would (and have) recommend this game to anyone, especially fans of the Alien franchise (movies and games). This game deserves a solid 9.5/10."
76561198091462030,Recommended,214490,12781775,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Shad0wIncarnate,"I have not had this much fun with a game in a long time! It's scary, its action packed, it just has everything in this game and it changes pace in regular amounts so it hardly gets boring. Story was epic, great narritive. Gameplay mechanics were top-notch. Graphics were stunning as well. Wild, wild ride from start to finish (especially that ending... just wow!)There is however only one con, but its not a game breaking con. As the game goes on the Alien almost stops being a force to fear. Its not a bad thing there are still plenty of scare elements and the Alien does do more, different and difficult things that will challenge the player, no doubt. You will just get into this mode of wanting to combat the alien, rather than run and hide.LITTLE TIP FOR ANY NEW PLAYERS TO THE GAME: It's still smarter to avoid and hide from the alien, ammo is and will definitly stay in short supply if you continiously combat the Alien or any other hostile."
,Recommended,214490,12782157,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,CaptainAtSea,So horrifying my game keeps crashing every time the Alien kills me.10/10
,Recommended,214490,12454042,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Skog,"For the first couple of hours, this game is terrifying. The xenomorph NEVER stops following you for the majority of the game. But, after a while, you become desensitized to its presence, and it stops being scary and starts being a nuisance. The same goes for the working joes (the androids). The game sometimes will throw working joes in groups at you in groups of 3-5, and that will eat up your resources if you are spotted. The AI is laughably stupid sometimes, on every hostile NPC.Other than that, this game is badass. This is the most authentic Alien game yet. The 1970's future style that the first movie had is emulated almost to a tea, from the environments to the outfits everyone wears. Buy this game, it is literally the exact Alien game everyone has been wanting since 1979.Also, the game's FoV only goes up to 75."
76561197994464711,Recommended,214490,12468765,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,sgi2000,"Pros:The level-design of the game is great, it's very authentic to the first Alien movie.Levels are high-detailed and graphics is awesome.The atmosphere is great.Cons:I find some gameplay flaws in this game and they are pretty annoying. The main problem is that you don't understand what to do to correctly hide from alien and what you did wrong when he catches you. For example, you are given a flash bomb. Will it scary or attract alien? There are rewire panels that can be used to trigger some sound in another corner of the room to attract alien, but sometimes when I activated it, alien crawled out of ventilation near me and killed me.Also in-game facial animations are bad, they are like Warcraft |||, of World of Warcraft – just randomly talking heads.So, there are a lot of efforts put in the game and a lot of things are made very, very good. But the main aspect of the game – your hide-and-seek game with the alien is done not so good.But! Previously I didn't reccomend this game, but now I changed my mind when played it in Oculus Rift. It's done super-amazing! The integration of Oculus isn't just simple viewing! You can lean over the corners with Oculus Rift by your actual head movement (standard controls of leaning are disabled). Also, when you are hiding in the locker, you can move your head to see more clearly through the slits. This is impossible to do with just oreintation when using mouse. And the first cinematic when you face alien scared♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. I almost couldn't breath in reality.So, this game is a must-have for all Oculus owners. And who are not, should wait and play it again, when Oculus Rift finally gets to market."
,Recommended,214490,12931876,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,☯Diggy☯,2spooky4me
76561197980940122,Recommended,214490,15243343,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Livefreeordie76,Great game!! They captured the essence of the movie perfectly!
76561198041954018,Recommended,214490,15244314,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Denny Dust,"SHORT REVIEW: Fun game? Yes. Worth $50? No... The Campaign is fun, and very challenging... but the game doesn't really have much replayability, unless you buy some/all of the other DLC's for Survivor Mode.I bought everything during the sale, it is fun but not worth $80 for everything...It's a pretty challenging game, the Alien is not stupid at all... it's very keen and terrifying. You cannot kill it... only avoid it, which makes it harder and more frightening. Flamethrower will hurt it and scare him away, but only temporarily... he will investigate every single noise he hears, and he hears almost everything (depending on difficulty setting)"
76561198004380225,Not Recommended,214490,15244923,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,SOFBear,"I played this game for 7 hours and quit.  I disliked the ""find the save terminal"" but that wasn't the deal breaker.  The deal breaker for me was when I bashed a guy over the head with a pipe wrench and was able to grab his pistol ammo but not his pistol.  Could kick around the floor though.  Then tried 10 times to find a key card getting shot constantly on my way to it.  Wish I had that pistol.  I suspect that I took a wrong turn somewhere looking for the everloving pistol and ended up in a next level.  Never really got to see the Alien much.  Stuck on the 3rd level and quit.   I never ever really figured out the controls.  For instance the flare.  Could light it, wave it around and drop it but never figured out how to throw it.  If you are a person that loves a game guide spread across your lap to play it this one's for you."
76561197977063549,Recommended,214490,15245535,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,@$$ M0nk3y,"Like playing ""Slender: The 8 pages"" in the Alien universe. But pickup when it is cheap as it is a solo-play game with little replayability.Pros:+ Running from the Alien gives an exciting rush.+ A great effort to reproduce the aestetic style of the original Ridley Scott film ""Alien"".Cons:- Unlike ""Slender: The 8 Pages"", there is less open space to escape your tormentor.- Movement by the Alien sometimes feels arbitrary and does not reward studying its movements."
,Recommended,214490,15248515,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Major Tom,"After almost 20 hours of playing this game I've come to one conclusion. Hiding in a locker for 15 minutes was never so fun before. But jokes aside, Alien: Isolation is the first game that actually made everything right when it comes to creating an atmosphere true to the first movie in the series. The artistic direction is very distinct. The best retro future enviroment I've seen to this day. Sevastopol station looks beautiful, simply beautiful. When it comes to gameplay this game is simply entertaining. The layout of different floors and corridors and the distribution of save stations gives you a challange but it's never impossible to accomplish mission even if you die a few times in the process. And when you finally save your game after completing some objectives it gives you a huge satisfaction. Mainly due to the unpredictable AI Xenomorph uses. In most cases throughout the game you actually feel like the monster chasing you is a real, semi-sentient being that can act to lure you out and kill you if you are not careful enough. Thanks to that this game is one of better survival horror games I played. I highly recommend it to everyone looking for something original, and especially to fans of the original movie."
,Recommended,214490,15249975,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,aardvark4lunch,3 scary 5 me.
76561198006893472,Recommended,214490,15212901,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Fear2288,"Pros:+ Manages to avoid today's more common ""action-horror"" style by taking cues from Amnesia and Outlast+ Handles the canon very well with nods to the original films, a story that is self-contained but an entirely appropriate follow up to Alien, and avoids trying to puts its own spin on the franchise (like many other games do in such situations)+ Incredibly atmospheric+ Hauntingly beautiful visuals, fluid animation, and solid voice actingCons:- Big difficulty shift towards the mid-point when you get the flamethrower (makes things ALOT easier)- Save system is a little frustrating- Many of the items/tools aren't needed on the easier difficultiesThe Bottom LineWhen you consider that Isolation came out of a development studio (Creative Assembly) that's spent the last 15 years making historical strategy games (Total War) it makes the fact that the game is so top notch seem even more impressive. Isolation handles the existing Alien universe well by not stepping on any toes and a creating storyline that's both believable and serves as a good follow up to the events of the first film. Supporting this solid storyline then is survival-horror gameplay that actually lives up to its name - resisting the temptation to throw a pulse rifle in the player's hands and instead forcing them to sneak, hide, and use distrations and tools in order to survive encounters with haywire androids, crazed survivors, and the Alien itself.Alien: Isolation is the game that fans have asked for for years.9 facehuggers out of 10"
76561198032485135,Recommended,214490,15214921,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,dehy,This game is anxiety in a bottle. Scared the hell out of me.
,Recommended,214490,15228080,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheTurk,"To put it in short, absolutely-fricken-amazing. I bought it on sale a week ago and have been playing it for a few hours each night since then, took me 22.7 hours to complete, while playing it at a casual pace.Fear/Horror: This game is definately scary up to a certain point, if you die a lot (like I) you will learn when the alien is coming and how it attacks you, so the scares go away from that, but I still jump whenever an android rips me out of a closet or grabs me from behind. Amazing atmoshpere for horror, it isn't a game that scares you using jumps, it uses an amazing mixture of intense sounds, lighting, map layout, etc. to scare you. It's hard to explain. Walk down into your basement in the middle of the night and turn all the nights off, it's that sort of feeling.Graphics/Performance: I don't have a massive ultra high-spec gaming machine that can power the Large Hadron Collider, so I had to run at near minimum-spec graphics, but they were still pretty good, it doesn't feel like there that low. I'm using a Thinkpad E545 with the AMD A10 processor (Yes, it's a laptop, some people don't have enough money for a desktop), but even on a laptop, it performed pretty well, just make sure that you're plugged into an outlet, because you're going to be using a lot of power.Overall Plot: I can't say much without ruining the game, but it manages to capture the feel and intensity of the Alien movies, exactly. There are elements in the game which were featured in the movies and it follows a spin-off plot. If you're a fan of the movies, you'll really love this game. When you finish this game, you'll become slightly disheartened that it's over, and the ending is one of those endings you just aren't OK with, it's amazing.Definately would play again (in fact, I already am), I wouldn't put the idea of a sequel to this down, if done right."
,Recommended,214490,15228199,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"There just aren't enough words to describe how magnificent this game is. If you're a fan of the Alien films, then this game is a must, if it's on a sale too you should buy it... yesterday. Has an atmosphere that will make you jump from your chair at times. It's not an easy game and don't think you can take a stroll in the park like other Alien related games. The Alien is a mean mother f@cker!10/10."
,Recommended,214490,15228463,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Phishfood,"I'm not a fan of horror games. I don't like being scared. I especially don't like games or movies that rely heavily on jump scares or excessive gore in order brand themselves as horror. This is why I have a lot of respect for this game. It relies on a tense atmosphere to create tension and fear.It was very clever to make the Alien a free roaming AI controlled enemy, normally in horror games you start walking to what looks like a suspicious area and you brace yourself because you know walking past a certain point will trigger some kind of scare. In Alien: Isolation, when you know the alien is in the vicinity, you are always on edge because there is no predictability.To make the game more atmospheric I recommend playing this game with a set of headphones, with Razer Surround software installed to emulate surround sound. In my playthrough I also turned the music setting to 0, I did this because the ship generally makes a of noise and I wanted to be able to distinguish environmental noise from the noise the alien makes, and I felt adding music to the mix would make it more complicated. Another reason why I turned the music down is because I didn't want to feel like I was playing a movie, I wanted to feel like the main character.The only big complaint I have with this game is that the ending dragged out a little too much. The last hour of gameplay felt unnecessary. The ending itself felt unsatisfying.Minor complaints:The game should tell you to hold F to put new batteries in your torch when you run out.When holding your breath for too long in a locker you gradually lose life, but the game doesn't tell you this. Running out of life while holding your breath causes you to reveal your hiding spot.The map should show different kinds of icons for locked doors. Like a door that needs a keycard should have a different symbol from a door that needs a plasma torch."
76561197984544639,Recommended,214490,15228502,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,aironic8,"This game is the Bees Knees! scary, good graphics on ultra bah blah blah, story is immersive and is worth more than one play through. would reccomend this game to any alien fan. ( played on hardest difficulty first play through and loved the tension)"
76561197973528410,Recommended,214490,15229647,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kalas,"A strong stealth game that seeks to capture the feel of the original alien movie. Creative Assembly succeeds in bringing a true stealth game that is packed with unpredictable AI, good crafting, amazing sounds and generally strong gameplay. The game does have a part towards the middle where the pacing feels a bit off and it slows down a bit but it comes back strong. Be warned on the hardest difficulty setting you will die... a lot. You will be left helpless a lot of the game and you can 'get screwed' by the AI.Be ready for lots of generators to boot up and a lot of false endings.The story is great. I don't really have any major complaints other than one small part of the game feeling a bit off."
76561197972679619,Recommended,214490,15229722,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Grobzilla,"This game is beautiful... The design devs did their homework.  Everything looks and sounds like it was just brought off the set of the original movie.  Mr. KreepyKrawly is scary as hell, and trying to stay out of sight of all the various baddies is a full time job.  There are a few places where things can be frustrating (especially when you watch a playthrough on YouTube and the schmuck playing the game skates through an area that you've died in 4 times without problems), but I really have to say that this game was worth the wait.  I held off buying it until I got a really smoking deal from Steam (75% off), but if my financial situation was healthier I would not feel cheated if I had paid twice what I did pay for this magnificent game."
,Recommended,214490,15229775,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Buckeye Burl,"Good spooky survival game.  If you like space, and the Alien movies you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,214490,15230894,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Silvian Grey,Do you like playing games that is constantly intense from beginning to end? Do you like games that are really long with nonstop heart thromping stress? Do you like feeling like your constantly being hunted all the while surrounded by countless enemies and you’re constantly conserving your ammo? Now how does that all sound all the while finding a save station to save your progress but you got to be there for a whole three seconds hoping nothing pops down behind you and instant kills you before you can actually save the game? If all that sounds amazing then Alien Isolation is for you! I give it 9 stars out of 10! Will die again!Translation: Fun but intense as hell!
76561198135614034,Recommended,214490,15231099,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Sgt Spriggs,Would hide in locker again 10/10
76561198053243606,Recommended,214490,15231761,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,UberSloth,"Brilliant game, fantastic soundtrack, stayed true to the original Alien movie. One of the longest games I have ever played, which makes awesome value for money. If you are a fan of the movies, you MUST play this. If you are not a fan of the movies, you will be after you play this. Get it now!!"
,Recommended,214490,15231810,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mancesco,"This might be the best game about the Alien franchise ever made.If you want to experience the atmosphere and horror of Ridley Scott's Alien (1979), look no further. Forget about mowing down waves of Xenomorphes with a pulse rifle like James Cameron's sequel, this is a true survival horror experience where stealth and deception are your only tools to stay alive. You cannot kill the Alien, only drive it away temporarily and if it catches you...you're done, weapons will only buy you a few seconds to run and hide.Play on Nightmare for the full experience, but be prepared to die...a lot. Ammo is scarce, theres no map to guide you and pretty much anything will one-hit kill you. Nothing beats the tension of a hiss in the dark and drool coming out of an air conduct.PROS:- GRAPHICS: in this game they DO matter. The look and atmosphere you get out of the lights, shadows, flares and smoke effects are true to the original film and used for an artistic purpose.- SOUND: might just be the best thing about this game, sound effects will not only sell the locations and the atmosphere, but will also help you identify threats; the music is superb and will dynamically change to increase the tension.- A.I.: the Alien is smart and will learn from your actions, you will eventually have to adapt and use new tactics to escape.CONS:- The way random people react towards you in this story is somewhat not believable (SPOILERS: I get it, it's everyone for themselves, but these look like a bunch of twitchy rednecks way to eager to shoot you on sight!)- Campaign is maybe slightly too long- A few minor bugs still present (nothing game breaking in my experience)I'm not particularly fond of the franchise itself, but as a film fanatic I do appreciate the extent the devs went to remain true to the film. 9/10"
76561198042718760,Recommended,214490,15233854,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,BlueShogun,"Seriously enjoyable game, especially if you have seen the film.Pros:- Graphics are very sharp at high levels even with a 4 year old card.- No graphical slow down at all.- Totally nailed the atmosphere at both scary and non scary areas.- Alien is geniunely scary.- The space station is pretty huge.- Very good game length.- Plenty of useful tools to make use of.- Reasonable voice acting.Cons:- Gets a bit repetetive later on.- Some minor QTE's.- Some missions purpose can be a bit vague.- Some crashes (3 during cutscenes only personally).Ugly:- Terrible Anti Aliasing leaving jaggies all over the place.All told a highly enjoyable game well worth it."
76561198007958136,Recommended,214490,12769784,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,skeltz,"Just Finished Alien Isolation and wow it's fantastic. The atmosphere is brilliant so tense, probably the best atmosphere in any game I've played and ranks up their with my all time favorite games.It has a heavy stealth focus but it's not entirely a stealth game their all lots of bits you will be punished or can't be done at all with stealth and it is a game which can be played too slowly and you will be punished for doing so, some bits are better done stealthy others with guns and yet some others it's just better to run.It's a survivor game and probably best survivor game ever made, the Alien is mostly random although attracted to noise so your constantly changing your play style and adapting having to think on your feat to beat the random roaming AI constantly checking your motion scanner looking for hiding places in-case it decides to show up, where am I and where are the hiding places is relation to me.Should I should shoot those guys and if so will the Alien hear the shoots or should I sneak around or deliberately attract it so I can pass unseen using their lives to buy me some time running away while listening to their dying screams.Missions 14 and 18 absolutely blew me away."
76561197972419123,Recommended,214490,12823017,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Osprey123,"Well I just finished the Game and all I can say is WOW absolutly brilliant. If you are a fan of the movie this will put you on the ship with the Alien a crew that is scared shitliss and AI that will do all that they can to stop you from completing your objectives. I have a mid level PC 3.16 gig 7700 Ati Vid card and only 4 gigs RAM and it almost ran on high settings. There are a couple a bugs but not enough to ruin the game. The intense nature of this game nearly will give you High Blood Pressure and a possible Heart Attack . There is only one way to play it in a dark room with the volume cranked the only thing I can think scarier would be playing this on Oculus Rift. So grab yourself a pack of Fruit of the Looms and buy this game, well on the other hand make it two packs! :)"
76561198086815382,Recommended,214490,12824356,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,High603livin,"Best game ive played since Gta v came out. Its really challenging and i keep dying in scary ways from the alien, Working joes (robot people) and its always fun to use a noise maker to make the alien come down and kill a room full of people that would shoot you on site. Only downside to that is the alien is the most dangerous enemy. I havent beat the game yet but im already looking forward to trying survival mode and getting all the dlcs. I couldnt explain in any better. This game is a must have. Tip- Crouching may be kinda boring at times but its your best freind when it comes to the alien parts. For the working joes to start use the emp or stun baton then beat them down with the melee works really well. Best option is to stay sneaking around and avoid combat and making noise."
76561197979745311,Recommended,214490,12824398,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Agent 83,"This game is great for fans of the original Alien movie! And stealth game fans.I have played this through on hard and I can say the AI is as good as they say, I have had to deal with a lot of bad AI and bad AI is worse when you are in a stealth game. The Alien is random (or “Sudo Random” as programing usually is) it does patrol in different areas but it is not as ridged as the patrols of as say the Hitman games. In one example I decided to follow it so I would know where it was and not bump into it, unfortunately it stopped and decided to turn around and back track = Dead > Reload. I then started to base movement on hiding spots, I rated Lockers as Medium since the alien more often sniffs them out and you lose health while holding your breath, at the top I had well positioned tables with no line of sight to doors, I had a premo spot that was behind a reception desk in a corner, I thought this was safe….Wrong! The alien walked by a few times while waited to time my move to the next room and it decided it hadn’t checked my hiding spot and walked around the desk and peeked under = Dead > Reload.As for the many many bad reviews I have read listing “Plot holes” all I can say is if you have not watched Alien with Directors commentary and seen the cut scenes then you have no idea about the Alien universe and should not be commenting on them. From the start this game has been a homage to the original movie not Aliens or Alien 3, you don’t get the whole picture you are just an average WY Engineer stuck in a mess. Your main priority is getting off the station not figuring out the how and the why, you get snippets of that along the way but mainly you just don’t want to die.Minor Spoiler Alert / Hint (No details but you’ll get some of the plot)Aside from my points above the ambiguity of the alien life cycle in this game can be explained. If you have ever watched any documentaries on Bees and how sister bees are ‘supressed’ chemically it becomes viable for sister bees to start reproducing when not being supressed by a queen, check out this BBC link for more infohttp://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/17854061. Without spoiling the plot too much this game can tie in to the originals and can expand on it without interfering with the trilogy canon. (I do not recognise Resurrection as a movie, I am in denial, it never happened, la la la la.)The game does have some bugs and slightly annoying dynamics, floating revolvers, revolvers that you can’t pick up as it is a scripted event, or the lack of any jumping ability (Oh look small boxes are blocking my path oh well I can’t jump over them). Also painfully slow access to terminals and hacking, I would start a hack only to hear the alien drop from a nearby vent, frantically I’d try to cancel the hack and it would take forever! If I was in that position I would drop what I was doing and F*%$ off quick smart.This game has potential for expansion on an open station theme, I would have liked to see a game mode that started you out on the station before the alien starts killing people, it would have been like a game of last man standing. You & station NPCs are trying to survive as long as possible and you can access all parts of the station with the right tools, said tools can be accessed from the start and not in story stages like the campaign.Overall I think Alien Isolation is an excellent game with a great amount thought put into a classic Alien story line, the environments are polished, characters are very detailed and voiced acted very well. Also even after my first play though I am still hiding under desks and in lockers refusing come out, the game should be called Locker Simulator."
,Recommended,214490,12827292,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,][-[CG]-][,"I absolutely love this game.  The first true Alien game since the movies of yonder year (Alien, Aliens, Alien 3 being canon). Beautiful level/set design, 100% faithful to the Shepperton Studios original.  The Alien looks brilliant too, H.R.Giger would be proud.  I wonder if Ridley Scott has had a look at this game and what his views would be?  I completed this game on medium difficulty in 32 hours.  Those 32 hours were some of the scariest in my life, creeping, tunneling, crafting in he darkness.  The best game I have played in many years since, say Portal 2. Reminds me of the Alien Quake Mod on PC from the mid-nineties (showing my age).  All in all, highly recommended.  Well done to the software developers for some original and truly unpredictable, stealthy AI from the Star Beast."
76561198045731560,Recommended,214490,12838679,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,assina24,Don't listen to IGN.This game literally makes me poop.
76561198001183673,Recommended,214490,12840501,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,TPI | Atlas,"My heart quite simply decided to vacate my chest and explode on the floor, and the fact that I had five or six cans of Red Bull within five hours had nothing to do with it.HOLY S@&T this game scared the absolute crap out of me!"
76561198032974678,Recommended,214490,12841408,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,CIWS,"I love this game. The aptmosphere is great and it is everything I would expect being on a ship with a Xenomorph whould be like. It ties closely to the original Alien film art style which is the 70's style boom boxs, computers and bobby toys. It really does feel like you're being hunted by the Xenomorph and it is at times extreamly nerve wreaking when you're being chased down by it. 10/10."
76561198022434181,Recommended,214490,12841435,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ZandelinX,Well got about an hour into the game and I gotta admit this game has gotten my skin crawling granted I grew up on the Alien franchise but this...this is lack of a better word amazing god I can't beleive how many OH ♥♥♥♥ moments I've had within the first hour I dunno why but this game is one I can't just go on and on I have to set it down take a break and tackle it again. Gah I'm not sure what makes me jump the most when something goes pop or bang or that feeling of dread when you know that damn thing is in the room with you lookin for wanting a bite of ya.
76561198040197865,Recommended,214490,12799801,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,thebaconson,"Not a bad plot, keeps with the Aliens canon pretty well, but yeah they game is pretty much sit under a table for most of the time. Enemies follow predictable patterns that well yeah if you wait long enough they just leave, not so much having to dodge around them, some times save points are common, some times they aren't, when they aren't it's very frustrating with all the table sitting to have to do it all over again.They really really went brain storming with ""how long can we keep it going for"" every single twist you can think of in thrown in and the game just drags on buy the end I was only playing because I just wanted to have it finished so I could put it away, I got bored of it a long time before I finished it.7sh out of 10 ( I recommended it because if your an Aliens fan, its a well you must play it, but as for some one that isn't a franchise fan I wouldn't)"
76561198114945292,Recommended,214490,12844863,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ProGamerG26,Scary but great game
,Recommended,214490,12846564,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Kabazt,I can't beleive how good it was.
76561197990379909,Recommended,214490,12848751,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gravemind,"Im pausing the game for a moment to share my thoughts.No i havnt beaten it yet, but this is my initial review.The game does a fantastic job of putting you in the same time as the movie. The technology, the lighting and the feel overall are spot on and made me really happy to see. The Xeno is rendered beautifully and i have no complaints about the game visually. Im also a fan of the save system! I like the idea of ""Oh hell, that didnt work, but what if i try something else?"" Death should be punishing, it should set the player back i feel.That said, the game is brutal at times. Ive had a few instances where the alien sits outside of a room, like its waiting for me. I dont know if this was intentional or not, but it got annoying after a while.Also, if you use a NVIDIA card. DONT BUY THIS GAME! Not yet at least, the devolper needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together on this one. Apperently between levels theres a hang up on loading where it looks frozen. One instance took a good 5 mins. And if you alt tab it crashes the game... before it can do the level autosave, not fun.All and all i give the game a 7/10. It's brilliant in its execution but the hang ups and the glitched AI at times got to me and killed the scare train, it feels like a slog at times but when it is working properly it works great! Still the best Aliens game to come out since AVP2 (not the movie).If you read this then im glad, i hope i can encourage true fans and warn passerbys."
76561197990221615,Recommended,214490,12424346,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,<Error/>,"Visually stunning, brilliant audio - aesthetically very similar to the films.  It's unusual that I play a game that seems to be a full step forward for games in general.Sadly there are a few points earlier in the game which are just not fun.  Near random death, and a hide & seek game mechanic with an invincible enemy where there is no clearly identifiable objective are a massive put off.However, if you can get past these, the rest of the game is pretty playable and is undoubtably the best representation of the Alien copyright in gaming to date."
,Recommended,214490,12851698,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Pile_O_Gunz,"Great horror game, long and difficult."
,Recommended,214490,12467950,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Normzki,"### UPDATED ###The freaking Alien always scare the hell out of me!I highly recommend this game to fans of the stealth / horror genre. But if you are looking for a fast paced action game, this is not for you.Pros:+ The graphics are next gen. Special mention to the shadows in the game+ The AI in the game is intelligent. No Colonial Marine level of Alien AI here.+ You are underpowered. This may be a negative to some, but this feature for me makes it scarier+ The sound is great in this game. Nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants whenever I hear the bleep of the motion trackerCons- Some pacing problems. Quiet moments are too sparse. This forced me to stop playing after 30 - 60 minute bursts. There should be more levels where the player can catch his/her breath.- The Alien AI can sometimes be unfair. Like when I hide in the locker, the Alien will just stay near where I am. Had to wait 10+ minutes for it to be far enough to sneak away.Ok. The reviews were right, the half part of the game is a little mixed. The only enemies after that are the working joes. For me, this is good since you can now properly explore the Nostromo. But honestly, the working joes are too easy, since a stun batton + wrench combo will finish them off.Verdict: BUY THIS GAME :)"
76561197961163803,Recommended,214490,12852687,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Peroxide,"If you love survial horror, enjoy challenging fearful fun, then turn off the lights and put on your headphones, play Alien Isolation! I recommend this game to people who enjoy great graphics and like a challenge but at the sametime enjoy being creative in how to outsmart your enemies.Strong Sense of Fear [Check]Heart Pounding Moments [Check]Interesting Story [Check ]Exciting Action [Check]Worth the $49.99 I paid.Assume a one time play through on hardest difficulty. Paid $49.99. Enjoyed the experience."
76561198062326689,Recommended,214490,12852838,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Fancy metal can,"Alien: Isolation’s authentic presentation, solid gameplay mechanics, and interesting story all work together to create a truly terrifying and stressful experience that lives up to the tension and atmosphere of the original Ridley Scott film, Alien (1979).The game grips the player in the beginning with its accurate representation of the film’s environment and technology. Everything from the industrial quality of the Sevastopol station that looks like its bursting at the seams, to the “futuristic” envision of its computers from the perspective of the 1970’s.  It’s a game where nothing is out of place. Everything that was needed was utilized properly in order to make the station feel real. It keeps the player immersed and helps tell the story. The sound design and music help with this as well and it makes the station come alive with a lot of clanks, thumping from inside the walls, the beeping from computers and lab dashboards, and an incredibly annoying drinking bird toy that sounds like the Xenomorph(Alien) hissing. All of this is done to provide a strong framework for the actual gameplay.The gameplay is pretty simple: If enemies appear, hide and try to find the shortest and safest path to the objective without being seen. Saving in the game is based around a checkpoint system in the form of old telephones attached to the walls. Their placement is fairly sporadic so it adds to the tension because I wasn’t sure of where the next save point would be. Unfortunately the flip side of this is reaching areas where 20-30 minutes can go by without encountering the next save point, and dying during these moments can set the player back quite a bit. Craft able explosives and noisemakers can be thrown across the room (or dropped as a proximity trap) to distract any potential threats. However, beyond the noisemaker I never really found a use for the other explosives. Weapons are gathered over the course of the game, but it’s made pretty clear that they are a last resort, because combat attracts unwanted attention of the worst kind.The game really hits its stride when the Xenomorph comes into play, and the reason for this is its “unpredictable AI”, because I was forced to approach each situation differently. Sometimes I found myself just hiding in a locker and waiting for the Alien to lose interest, other times I was forced to move inch by inch in plain view hoping the Alien didn’t get the urge to turn towards me and charge from the other side of the table. That’s what makes the Alien so terrifying, not because it relies on jump scares and just randomly appears out of nowhere to go “boo!” No, it’s because the Alien is a constant presence looming over Amanda Ripley’s head. I spent the majority of the game just listening to it crawling through the airshafts in the wall next to me, while my eyes were glued to the motion tracker and only glancing up every 10 seconds to check for the nearest hiding spot in case I attracted the Xenomorph’s attention.Unfortunately, there’s a 3-4 hour no-Alien period in the mid-late game and the plot hands itself over to the Androids. This is the weakest part of the game because it ventures more into action territory and the Androids are more of a nuisance than anything.  From a story perspective it makes sense why this part needs to happen, as it allows the player to take a breather before the final stretch which is easily the most terrifying and challenging part of the game. However, the length of this plot detour could of easily have been cut in ½ while still keeping the story aspect of it intact.The last leg of the game, while exciting, does suffer from a feeling of dragging the player through the mud. There’s even a point in the last 5 minutes where it pulls Amanda Ripley back from the finish line, just to make the player run that similar path again for no reason whatsoever. As to the ending itself, without spoiling anything all I can say is “could be better, could be worse” and does feel more like sequel-baiting than anything else.  In that regard  I’m fine with it, but sequels to horror games run into the risk of trying to mimic the first and falling flat, or abandoning the horror aspect and the franchise just becomes another generic action game with horror elements (ex: every Alien game prior to this one).So while the final 5-6 hours has its share of highs and lows, Alien: Isolation is in my mind not only the best Alien game today that finally does justice to the original film, but I would say it set the same bar for survival horror that Arkham Asylum had set for the superhero genre in video games."
76561198077730483,Recommended,214490,12853876,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rune,"Its not often i get myself down and write a review for a game...Its not often i get to play a game that succeeds in been enjoyable, demanding and immersive. Not to mention, amazing storyline, plot twists, detailing… in a few words: I Loved this game.I am by no means a pro in reviewing... well anything, but let me say this:Storyline---> amazing and immersive, everything you may ask for the Alien Saga and a lot more.Graphics and Effects---> Damn cool!... even on my old pc.Sound and Music---> Sound is a matter of survival in this game, and I loved it, soundtrack was pretty good I guess…The Alien---> Finally back to where it belongs, a terrifying implacable monster, the stuff of legends!!! (maybe I went too far, but meh!)Would I play it again… YESWould I play its DLC… YESWould I recommend it… HELL YES!!!"
76561197995723154,Recommended,214490,12864989,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Deex,"Ran away from Alient, it tackled me down and stabbed me through the chest. Highly recomend you experience this. 11/10"
76561197974032497,Recommended,214490,25892082,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Manuel,Good graphics but DLC isn't worth buying
76561198086747436,Recommended,214490,15848742,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,MARINE588,"I had to stop on half, as it creeps me out... :P"
76561198107837950,Recommended,214490,26027088,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,⎛⎝   βιος-δ   ⎠⎞,"The latest Alien's franchise game so far released in 2014 is by far the most realistic game ever exist. This game is stealth oriented game in which you must survive from the most powerful organism in the galaxy which is very intelligent to hunt you down at all cost. The sensation of horror of this game is felt so intense, you might surprise a lot because the Alien appear from nowhere. Well, I must say this game is full of surprise that will shocking and stunning any player who dare to venture deeper into Sevastopol.Pros :- This game featured the best AI in the video game history (Alien is The Best AI)- The story is amazing- Deep connection of story with Alien 1979- The gameplay is similar with the movie- Fantastic Graphic- Challenging mission and enemy- Difficulty is acceptable- Very vast place to venture freely- Element of surprise is very astonishing- Variety of Item to be crafted- Variety of weapon- The atmosphere is very chillingCons :- Running is almost not useful at all, as it will draw Alien toward you and you cant outrun the Alien- Firing weapon is needed but highly not advisable, as it will draw Alien toward you and you cant kill the Alien with any weapon- Weapon's Ammo is very scarceBasically this game offer all element that what supposedly a horror game is. As you might know, weapon exists in this game but it will help you a bit, as this is a pure stealth game rather than action game. The real challenge of this game is you must use every environmental aspect to hide and run from Alien and other enemies and outsmart the enemy to stay alive. This game taught how to survive in a very smart way and soon you will realize that to outsmart the Alien is not easy as you think. One of the Best Horror and Stealth Game ever, truly Game of The Year 2014. XD"
,Recommended,214490,26005409,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jonah Rhed,If you enjoy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself buy this game.
76561197998124890,Recommended,214490,17187527,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[CW] moff,"I doubt I will say anything new here given how late I am to the game, but wanted to give kudos to the developers. As a massive fan of the Aliens movies and Aliens/AVP books, it was so good to see an installment worthy of the franchise again. The design and music was absolutely on point, resulting in a phenomenally immersive atmosphere/experience.It took me only 25 hours game time, but over a year to finish this one, mostly because it was too terrifying to handle for any length of time. Showing clips to people really doesn't come close to conveying the true fear and vulnerability you feal playing on hard difficulty in the dark with headphones. It's the first game that actually made my hands shake from adrenaline to the point it was difficult to play.The only major fault I found (*spoiler alert*, kinda) is in the last two hours getting a little bit sick of false endings. One or two is fine, but so many A to B via C via A again with that f**king monster *constantly* on your trail (I can see what some negative reviewers are saying there) gets pretty draining. I have to be honest there were a couple of points I kinda wished it would actually end.Stoked I stuck with it though, even if I did need to leave the light on sometimes. Anyone who has ever enjoyed the Alien story and/or enjoys horror and/or just likes exceptionally well crafted games, I highly recommend you check this out."
,Recommended,214490,26039239,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Robostar23,"One of the few horror games i've played in a while that have actually managed to scare me, and I didn't even buy it for that reason, I bought because I love Alien and Aliens (The original 1979 Alien is my favourite movie)."
76561197971418104,Recommended,214490,26039257,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dfperez,Awesome!!It captures flawlessly the movie's atmosphere.
76561197974018813,Recommended,214490,26093931,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GoldFire,Im a senior. Played this game at hard level twice; enjoyed it both times. It is replayable. If you are methodical you will enjoy and finish the game.(hiding etc.) Other wise I hear some could not or would not   finish it. In my opinion it is a masterpiece and will be on my computer a long time.
,Recommended,214490,26096140,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Seemo,10/10
76561198133523113,Recommended,214490,26096002,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,leeskieferrell,"Such a great game, from the lighting to the spectacular story line i am extremely impressed with the dev's work on this one.  With the luck that other Alien franchise games have had in the last several years, this is a breath of fresh air and the suspense and panic that this game induces is very strong.  The audio is done perfectly and when paired with a great set of ... perhaps open headphones with large sound stage, it is extremely immersive and the sounds are very directional from my experience.It runs very efficiently for me as well, i'm running an r9 380x and enabled virtual super resolution in radeon driver software.. and cranked the settings in game to 1440 with smaa 2x and everything cranked to max settings and still popping 60 fps.Get it at full price even and you'll love it."
76561197969304324,Recommended,214490,26096532,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DarthBinky,Super happy fun time!
,Recommended,214490,26087713,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nicholas Brahan,"I bought this game after seeing it pop up on my recommendations numerous times, I wanted to make sure I didn't waste my money so I played it expecting to get bored. But I was sorely mistaken, this game has gripped me and continuously has a grasp on me. I've never been intrigued by a survival horror before, can't recommend this game enough.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,214490,30898927,Posted: 2 April,all,Marcusrc1,"One of the best games I have played in a very long while!If you're a fan of the alien franchise (particular alien & aliens), you'll love this game. It has the setting, the pace and the effects of a true Alien film. I have yet to try the DLC but the story alone is enough to warrant a purchase. 5/5"
76561197991841712,Recommended,214490,26397806,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Captain Go-F♠ck-Yourself,I'm in my late 20s and I was scared like a little b♠tch playing this game.9/10 - I like my guns to do a little bit more punch.Best hug is facehug!
76561197960514748,Recommended,214490,26393985,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Şｧเでで¥ ☠,It is terrifying! The best alien game out there hands down.
76561197987093159,Recommended,214490,27215366,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BillzSkillz,Alien at its finest.
76561198077545425,Recommended,214490,27158003,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DarkSp3ctrum,Aliens always have given free hugs !!!
,Recommended,214490,27165784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,topgunLT1,"If u r a fan of Riddley Scott's Alien movie, or if u r a fan of pure survival horror where the thing u do most is hide then this game is for you. If u love sci-fi horror, action thriller, with better enemy A.I then this is for you. If u want to get scared and have nightmares about u then this is for u.This is not for those who wanna, run and gun, be a rambo, chase butterflies and talk to people, and especially not for those who dont wanna show their cowardly side of their's on live stream :P"
,Recommended,214490,24672152,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,London_Eye,"Finally beat the main story with 20+ hrs of playtime,,,I really recommended this game if you like a survival horror game,,,10/10""Ripley, signing off"""
76561198090209049,Recommended,214490,27204972,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Murdermachine,"Nominated for the ""Villain Most In Need Of a Hug"" Award."
,Recommended,214490,12678745,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Djenga Unblocked,"Alien: IsolationSERIOUSLY. F**K THIS GAME. I love horror games, I love to be put to the edge of my seat, and to be enthralled. It does all of this, but it also gives me heart pulpitations, anxiety and the fear of moving faster than .0005mph. The mechanics are great, first thing I did in game was check if you could see your own feet (Thats a check)Story is fantastic, taking place after the original ""Alien"" Film. The Xenomorph is an intelligent AI. And will find you. Theres a chance you can hide, but you have to be lucky, or quick.Its also tormenting. You get given a gun, which you can't use against the Xenomorph. Its worse than having no weapons and just running like in Outlast.If you love horror. If you love Sci-fi. If you love or appreciate great games, this is for you.Rating 9/10 (I won't give it a 10 because it almost made me soil my computer chair)"
76561197961067814,Recommended,214490,12830201,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,dUcKy,"Immersive, Scary as hell, thinking mans stealth game"
76561198127332236,Recommended,214490,12835094,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,1slyOKIE,"This game is ""5x5"".            ""Stay frosty out there."""
76561198110558083,Recommended,214490,12914664,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,s1emeckii,"I absolutely loved this game. It is perhaps the best game I've played this year, and easily in my top 5 favorite survival horror games of all times. Plot wise, the game takes place between Alien and Aliens, but this is essentially a remake of Alien in video game form, and it is highly successful in that.Since there aren't many cons, I'll start with them: while graphics are all in all OK, character models in cutscenes look rubbery and wet in a weird way (you have to see them to understand). The voice acting is not very good, going to plain awful in certain instances. And yes, the game is a bit too long, and it uses the ""we need to go through here but oh, this way is blocked, let's find another path"" twist about 300 billion times too many. It might be a good idea to play the last couple of hours in short runs, especially given how difficult the game gets by that point.And that's the thorny point: unlike most major releases we get nowadays, this is a really hard game to even finish, let alone master. You can kinda fight most enemies, although even then going head to head is usually suicide - protagonist Amanda Ripley is an engineer, not a fighter - but if the Alien even sees you, it's over. As you're going around the ship, he's roaming around looking for you, and this thing wants you DEAD. The game tells you hiding is only a temporary option, and indeed, if you take too long to advance, the Alien will eventually look where you're hiding and will end you. The game's not unfair - if you hide and take care not to make any noise, the Alien will take a long time to find you, but eventually it'll happen. The message is that you should take your time, but there's still a real danger that you can't just avoid by cowering under a table for a few days. It's that sort of realism that really drives the horror home.There's a lot of other great things about this game that I could go on about for hours, but I don't want to spoil anything. If you like stealth games and have been looking for one to really challenge you, and you're willing to be careful and patient, you will have a blast with this game. If not, this game is probably not for you. I personally loved it, and hope you do too.DLC Note: I haven't picked up any of the DLC yet, but the game is well worth the money as is."
76561198003982664,Recommended,214490,12915396,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Androclez,This is how an Alien game should be done. Visually stunning and very atmospheric with fantastic music and sound effects. Would highly recommend to Alien's fans and anyone who's new to the franchise aswell. Sublime  :)
,Recommended,214490,12916185,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Force of Nature,Very excellent game and challenging at some parts i defintley reccomend it
76561197979179465,Recommended,214490,12917681,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CaBoOsE,"This game will not be for everyone. If you're expecting a shooter like many of the recent Alien games, you will be very dissapointed. If you want something unique that encapsulates the essence of what made the first Alien movie great, this game will feel right at home in your Steam library.The campaign is long, challenging, and immersive. I’ve heard many have problems playing it for more than 30-45 minutes due to the sheer tension this game creates (which it most certainly does), but every time I’ve played it I’ve had to force myself to stop. Alien: Isolation consistently encouraged different tactics, with an AI that kept me audibly gasping due to its unpredictable nature and foreboding design. I can’t think of any game that has allowed me to separate myself from the reality of sitting in a chair as much as Alien: Isolation has.I really feel I should mention how great this game looks. It’s not the most technically advanced looking game on the market, but the atmosphere is astounding. Everything from the CRT monochrome displays to the starkly lit, industrial hallways creates a cohesive art direction worthy of the Alien name. Instead of pretending the limited technology used during the original movie’s release never existed, the developers ran with the aesthetic and applied it gracefully. I’ve always been a stickler for first person environment interaction, and Alien: Isolation delivers. Ripley’s hands move and animate realistically, with each finger behaving as it should as well as minimal clipping despite the different machines she has to operate. The Alien’s tail moves and behaves perfectly, often acting as a gameplay mechanic for tracking the Alien’s movements. Despite the care that went into the Alien and almost every facet of the game’s visuals, the lip-syncing for humans was always subpar (or even nonexistent) in my playthrough.The game isn’t perfect, but I’m a firm believer that the only people who won’t find this game great are those the game wasn’t made for. It simply succeeds too much at what it’s trying to do to be anything but.Difficulty setting: HardCompletion time: 17 hours"
,Recommended,214490,12920570,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,chris_bryer,"Alright, i think i need to make some disclaimers befor i go on.1-Im a huge fan of the Alien films (yes, all of them)2-I have never been a fan of games like Slenderman (Although i am interested in checking out Outlast and the first Amnesia)3 And this is my first review.Now as a fan of the Alien films i ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game. Also i think i should warn people before playing this game that it is not for everyone. I have seen some reviews (on some gaming sites) that have slammed this game and i'm seeing a trend for why some dislike it. Now like the original film its all about the atmosfera, musical score and the building of tension. If you need instant gratification then this game is not for you. This game will require patience and time like the original film. Also even though there are guns and you can shoot stuff this is NOT a action ""shoot'em up"" game. Actually unless you're surrounded by upgraded Working Joes and you have the shotgun or the built gun and you haven't saved in like an hour just... Dont even bother. DAMN IT! The revolver looks so cool but it's a trap, A TRAP I TELL YOU! Oh, and did i already say there will be spoilers in this? Well... TOO LATE!As i said before as a fan of the films i think this game is fantastic. The atmosphere, the lighting, the overall retro 70's future look are all just perfect. Plus i can run this baby on max setting without much of a problem and my computer is not worth 2000$ so crank them graphics up. And overall i enjoyed the story and the acting (even though outside of cutscenes the lip syncing is not so good) very much. What this game add to the mythos of the Alien universe is quite allot and i thank them for it. And all of the little touches here and there for fans such as myself was a huge plus. Such as later on in the game the Working Joes don't just go berserk they start actively hunting and killing people. So in that level you find a man that was killed by one of the androids with a rolled up magazine shoved down his throat which anyone the remembers the first Alien film will knows what that is directly referencing.Overall the gameplay is good but like i said BEWARE OF TRAPS! and what i mean by that is you are given a revolver(which looks awesome by the way) but using it almost always gets you killed. I only found about a handful of times where i was forced to us stuff like the revolver, shotgun and the built gun So you can most of the time either try to avoid conflict with the humans that are scared shitles and willing to let off some bullets your way if it will make sure they live a second longer (which most of the time it won't). Or the psychopathic Working Joes that want to ""help you"" by either choking you to death or smashing your skull in. Or you can do what i did many times was let the Alien deal with some of the problems such as them pesky humans. Although it never so well with the andrians but hey, a man can dream. Wait... Have i written this much and never even talked about the Alien yet?I'll say this. From the first moment i saw the damn thing come out of a vent my palms get right sweaty and my♥♥♥♥♥♥closed like a cigar cutter. Playing this game can be ♥♥♥♥ing stressful so i personally played this game in two to three hour spurts. But hey, maybe i'm just a ♥♥♥♥♥ but thats how i did it. But to the Alien, it is truly phenomenal. Not just how it looks but how it acts. I had the damn thing more than once outright trick me or flank me but later on you can get into a rhythm where you can sometimes get an idea of what it will do next (sometimes anyways). It sometimes can truly feel alive and like its messing with you. Now one thing about it is that you CAN NOT KILL IT! At all. Only fire will make it run and hide for a short time. So when you first get the Flamethrower you feel some damn empowered but ill tell you that feeling do last for long. Also one of the few problems i had with the game is that latter on you do come across MORE THAN ONE ALINE! YA! I know. So it bothered me that even though it's way later on in the game and you have some ballin' weapons you still can't kill any of them. Now i can understand that you would need an high powered rifle to kill one of those thing and how lower caliber weapons would just♥♥♥♥♥♥it off. But i'm damn sure the shotgun or the built gun should do SOME damage or at least make the damn beat run off for a bit but it never worked for me. If it is possible to make one of them run with something besides fire then im sorry i inserted this part then. Although i was a little disappointed that the alien does not climb on the walls after you like something's out of the second film Aliens but thats just a silly little thing i realised. But when you do see that thing scandal after you're in a vent im damn sure you will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants. OH! And do you like to watch yourself die? Do you enjoy being skull♥♥♥♥ed by a xenomorphing 8 foot tall alien with either its tale or tung? Oh glob! I hope those are its tale and tung... Anyways, ya... Get used to dying cuz it's gonna happen and happen often.How reading some other stuff people have done about this game is you hear the same to things. Save all the time and do not run ever. Now for the first part i for sure agree. Save and do it often. But remember you are not save when saving. Hell, you have to wait some time for the save console to even be usable again so that can make some tension. For the second part i have to pertest. There has been about three or four situation where running saved my♥♥♥♥♥ Now i do not recommend it for everyone but if you want to be a rebel like me then i say go for it.Now going back to the gameplay and the character you play as, i actually like how you're not some awesome ninja or some badass space marine but just some mechanic. Ripply is no hero and i like how some of the mechanics reflect who she is. Like how you can just build random but useful stuff on the fly since she is an engineer. I like it how she can't run that fast or parcore over stuff or even use guns that will. I think the mechanics directly demonstrate her character. Not a warrior, not a ninja but just some woman in a really bad situation. So to me even though i found some of the stealth mechanic to be lacking compared to other fps/stealth games i can see how it was done for a reason. And the stealth mechanics that are there seem to be there just to build even more tension and suspense. Such as poking your head around the corner or trying to get a better view when you're hiding in a locker. And the beeping of your tracker as the thing gets closer and closer. All of it is done for a reason and i see why. Now i'm not say the game mechanically or otherwise is perfect, nothing is. I found that sometimes it would just randomly crash or just after loading a game i was unable to interact with any object (which only happened once but still). Or like i said before about the lipsyncing being kind of off almost all of the time when someone talked. And also as i already said, this game is not for everyone and i think some of the ""personal"" review should be taken with a grain of salt since they say the acting thing i have said and even point out the same problems yet give it a lower score.Also i think i should talk about how i really disliked the ending. To me it was very unsatisfying and almost anticlimactic. And it just felt like sequel bait to me. But everything leading up to it was really ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. So if you cant tell i really did like this game and i am glad i grabbed it. If you are a fan of Aliens and don't want to play a ""shootem up"" game and i think this will be for you."
,Recommended,214490,12921004,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,dark-raven,This is a very scary game but very fun. Thank you.
,Recommended,214490,12473393,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Nite_Traveler,"What a relief! I've just finished my first 20-hour haul through this game, and while I thoroughly enjoyed it, I admit I am pretty psyched to be done with it. Alien: Isolation is less of a game and more of a survival simulation that spirals out of control, while you sit glued to the edge of your seat thinking you might need therapy after the experience. It is one of the scariest games I've ever played, and also one of the most addicting. I've been re-watching all of the Alien movies over the past few days, and I feel that A:I could easily have been a highlight of the series if it were a movie and not a game. It plays like a movie, with a solid plot that's thrilling to take part in, and I feel strongly that this game does justice to the Alien franchise.I can't say enough good things about the visuals, the controls, the mechanics of the game - all are truly flawless and immersive. The soundtrack and audio are masterful and captivating. It has some of the best AI I've ever experienced in a stealth game. The crafting is fun and the weapons/tools are excellent. Most of the negative reviews I've read center on the fact that the game is very long, and not only long but grueling. While this is true, and while I did feel certain parts of the game were padded a bit much (especially towards the end) I was content to get a full 20-hour experience from this title. I certainly wouldn't have wanted it to be shorter. And perhaps most importantly, I feel that the never-ending twists, turns and terrors of the plot mirror the Alien films. Those aliens are damned resourceful, and they just don't know how to die. So I feel it's appropriate that the game made you work to reach the end of it, in the same way that Ripley struggles until the last minute of each film, only to find out in the sequel that the aliens are still alive and well. So to put it bluntly, I was not expecting a 12-hour jaunt with a quick and happy ending, and I'm glad I didn't receive one. Personally, I think it's a shame to see the game receive negative ratings for that reason.The biggest complaint I can make here is that many of the objectives center around using switches or powering up/down generators, and while the plot keeps it interesting and the locations are all well-designed, that doesn't change the fact that the actual motions you go through to complete each objective are very similar. This may just be a matter of taste, but personally I would have liked more puzzle-oriented tasks like in Dead Space, rather than the ""let's pull the switches in the right order"" thing that A:I seemed so fond of. The way you use switches and other machinery is unique though, and it evokes a Resident Evil sort of feeling that your actions may have very real consequences. Using machinery is a visceral experience and leaves you vulnerable to attack, and most things you do in this game tend to attract unwanted attention. So, switch-pulling aside, it never takes long for the action to resume once again.And action there is. I must admit I was more afraid of the androids than the alien. They have a strange way about them, and you can never be sure that they won't turn hostile on you. More than once, I thought I was safe with a particular android, only to have Ripley whip around to see those red glowing eyes strangling the life out of her, declaring ""You're not supposed to be here."" Really, excellent work with the design of those androids. Their nature also stays very much in keeping with the series canon, androids often being fundamentally untrustworthy and providing that extra bit of uncertainty.Sevastopol is huge, sprawling, and often beautiful, especially during the rare moments when you can see outside. Its story is interesting, unraveled through computer documents and audio logs, and I still wish there was more of it to read. I look forward to playing this with Oculus Rift some day, even if I just find a spot and gaze out toward the massive gas giant out the window. I look forward to playing this again.There are so many moments in this game that I could rave about, but I'll spare you the spoilers. If you're a fan of the Alien series and if you can handle some intense horror and stealth, you should play this game. 9/10"
76561198061111804,Recommended,214490,12912079,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Butcher Of Blaviken,this game is terrifiying and im a huge fan of the alien saga so it makes it even better if your a fan like me.
,Recommended,214490,12913897,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,adrianmarshall167,"Alien: Isolation is an immersive experience unlike anything else you will find. Fans of Alien, not AlienS, will love this. And survival horror fans shouldn't be concerned with the familiarity of the franchise if they're looking for something new to play that doesn't hold your hand.Within about two hours of play time you will begin to see the menace of Sevastopol, a nearly abandoned space station operated by Seegson Communications, and while some have stated the storyline is weak, it stands up well in providing an atmosphere and fits well into the mythos of the Alien movies, especially the notes of betrayal and deceit from corporations like Weiland-Yutani. It also adds to the overall bridge between Alien and Aliens, discussing Ripley's daughter that died prior to her emergence from cryostasis as seen in the second film.The AI, not just on the Alien itself but on the Working Joes present on the ship, create an intimidating atmosphere, giving the player few options but to locate places to hide and strategically move from one location to the other, and all the while the game's visuals back up that particular aspect. The visuals will not blow you away while you make your escape, except on maybe a few occasions, but overall the game looks great, and plays even better. The simple format they have set up for controls makes surviving a joy to play, and if anything is not to your satisfaction you can change the defaults very easily in the minimalistic pause menu. They've even given you an option to turn down the film grain, which I was happy to see, as it was a bit much when I first started playing.In short, the game shines as an excellent addition to one of my favorite movie franchises, and on its own is a nervewracking, tense experience that anyone looking for something that isn't a multiplayer shooter should make an effort to play. Don't give up on this, because that just makes you a sitting duck in the vents with your loud beeping motion tracker (one for the fans)."
,Recommended,214490,12890250,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Stalker Zero 120,Loving itJust what i expected!Just what i needed from an alien Game
,Recommended,214490,12892374,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Stünkindonuts,"Although I have not come anywhere near to finishing the game, I can happily say that Alien Isolation is most-likely the greatest Alien franchise game EVER! A must for any Alien fan. However, if you play this game without watching the first two movies (and maybe Prometheus) first, shame on you."
,Recommended,214490,12915156,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Kianoni,"A game where you end up stranded in a space station and try to find your way out - until you run into an Alien and spend the rest of your life hiding in a cupboard, too afraid to move. Good game for people who want to sleep alot, with their character doing nothing out of plain sight of any AI (Alien Intelligence)"
76561197972031772,Recommended,214490,12955964,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,CrowMagnum,"Awesome game!!!  I love it, love it, love it!  It is about time someone figured out how to make a game that works.  I love survival horror games.  The feel of the game is very much in step with the first Alien movie.  This kind of game would be very frustrating for a ""Game Reviewer"" who wanted to breeze through the game, because it requires patience.  So that would be the reason it got low scores.  For a person like myself, I want to savor a game and enjoy it as much as possible since games are expensive.  I know people who sit down to a game and play through it all in one fell swoop, but I think it is better to play a hour here and a maybe a couple hours there and just take in what the Developer worked so hard to achive.Well Done!"
76561197972107024,Recommended,214490,13100273,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,grey26,"Delivers the experience of being matched against an intelligent enemy, not just stacked odds. Also scary,"
76561197960460623,Recommended,214490,13060174,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Shazbot,It made me leave brown stains on my computer chair....
,Recommended,214490,13103729,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[GM]Petzl11,"Great Game, just sucks that I bought it the day before it went on special.  -_-"
,Recommended,214490,13107175,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheLiriValley,"This was an extremely enjoyable experience that my Wife and I participated in. The way this game is done makes it very cinematic (no that doesn't mean it's locked at 30fps) and part of the draw was knowing that whatever may have worked last time, won't work again because the Alien is always changing.There were a few bugs but nothing I remember or feel ruined the game. Over all I was extremely impressed with almost every aspect.Definitely worth buying for around $25-35"
,Recommended,214490,12866467,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Howl,"""In VR, everyone can hear you scream"" (no really.. play this with a Rift on your head and all your neighbours will be phoning the police)"
,Recommended,214490,12867490,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,cruinh,"Easily the scariest game I've ever played.  Easily the best Alien game I've ever played.  Exactly what I wanted, and I was really looking forward to this game.  My only complaint is that I can't play it if I've had a stressful day at work ;)"
76561198133370863,Recommended,214490,12870484,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,cookie monster,"one of the best games ive ever played, and the scariest"
,Recommended,214490,12855518,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AirWreck,"This game is a must for Alien fans. The reviews do not give this game near enough credit. If you like immersive, stealth-based games, you will like Isolation. The developers did an AMAZING job of capturing the horror themes of the original movies and allowing gamers to experience the thrill of an trying to survive an encounter with a f****** beast of a creature. You don't need to be a die-hard fan of the movies either. I've only seen the original movie once, but you don't need much background to enjoy Isolation. I would reiterate what IGN and other reviewers have said, play on Easy or Medium -- depending if you're looking for casual play or something with a bit more challenge. Playing on the hardest difficulty is more frustrating than anything given the cat and mouse style gameplay and the heightened senses of the alien. That frustration is what I think fueled lots of these reviews. Hard is not hard...it's unbelievably unfair and nearly unsurvivable -- which is partially the message of the game. The alien is built to murder you, and it's good at its job. I thought the medium difficulty was the right blend of challenge without destroying the immersive aspect of allowing exploration and story progression. That said there were a couple places that I was frustrated, but overall, these were few and far between. The scares aren't cheap and the atmosphere is superb. You will feel powerless, but that's the brilliance of Isolation. It's not easy, and most of the time, the odds are not in your favor. You have work with what you have and sometimes a few precious seconds are the difference between finding your way to the next save or becoming the alien's new meat puppet. The developers did an outlandishly good job at recreating those moments of desperation seen in the movies. Those moments where you just can't imagine yourself having worse luck, ""ef my life moments,"" but when you see yourself through it, it feels damn good. Definitely a worthwhile experience for those looking for a exhilerating rush."
76561198122216182,Recommended,214490,12856151,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AidibugGames,yes jst everything yes
76561198097742843,Recommended,214490,12856239,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,EffectsofOpium,Awesome survival horror game!! 9/10 but olny because I felt alittle unsatisfied with the ending.
76561198047247058,Recommended,214490,12858372,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Samdo,"This game may be the first Aliens game that didn't completely suck! It has great graphics, animations, intellegent AI, and a story line. Along with cheap DLC that add a fair bit of gameplay."
76561197974361998,Recommended,214490,12862166,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,KNIGHTMARE077,"Survival Horror, Only In The True Sense Of The Words.Never in a game have I felt so vulnerable or on edge. The game will make you want to run but doing that comes at a price of death 70% of the time depending on where your runing too. There are guns, ammo is scarce, and shooting at the alien only pisses it off, there are uses for the weapons however and the crafting system lets you create a small aresenal of tools that will help your survival. The game world is expertley detailed and a exact replica of the movies.Small details like the bobbing chickens , sounds that are also straight out of the movies, really help add to the atmosphere and suck you right into it and dosent let go until you either beat the game or give up in utter frustration. The graphics on the game really are quite beautiful , its not some generational leap forward or nothing but it looks darn good with it cranked all the way , going outside the station in some spacewalk mission really lets the games graphics engine shine. The Alien itself is greatley detailed , all that you would expect is here, down to the drool off the aliens teeth.This is best played on a slow , well thought out approach. You dont have to crouch all the time but you will do a LOT of it and runing while it can be useful, you want to plan such action before hand. The game is a little longer than most, which is a good thing, The unscripted A.I really help bring some the unpredictability out, the ""loot"" system , if you want to  call it that , is all random and varies from game to game or save to save, same with the A.I. All in all , if your fan of the Alien movies, then this is the game for you. Turn your lights out, sound up and see for yourself, you will be ashamed of yourself of all the jumping in your seat that you will end up doing. Please though, remember, this is NOT A FAST PAACED FPS, Its not meant to be played in that manner, its not Battlefield, Call of Duty etc and playing it as such will get you killed over and over again, so save yourself the frustration and DONT DO IT!All in ALL Im going to give the game a 9.0 / 10or4.0 / 5.0 (if you prefer)"
,Recommended,214490,12863105,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,NatKo,"Pretty intense gameplay, Even the story in the game is awesome, and for some people it will take a very long time to complete it im sure, took me around 8 hours. But I loved the game!"
76561198064859981,Recommended,214490,12465466,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,PLP69,"Alien Isolation is a stealth game. I wasn't into sci-fi shooters and I'd read a few bad things about other 'alien' games so this purchase was a leap of faith. I'm glad I bought it. The graphics are great, nice retro for all us over 40, with a look of the original movie.The mission starts with ominous overtones and quickly descends into a survival game, using stealth to get one from A to B..and back to A when you've got lost using that mini-map. Frustrating and hard on 'hard' but why have it easy?I've spent 30 minutes in a darkened corridor with a synthetic looking right at me, only to move off 4 to 5 minutes later. Very intense; not because any game is actually scary, but because of the whole look of the game and the sound-effects are very well done.The creature itself will appear at certain times and definitely when you run or make too much noise. It's quick and you're dead. The only thing one can do is hide and sometimes (when in a locker) not even breathe. Speaking of which, can she bang those locker doors any louder?! :)I'm only into the third mission but I'm thoroughly looking forward to working out how I can get around the ship with the least deaths. I'm glad it's going to be a long game - that's what we pay for.Don't expect to shoot, stab or blast your way out of trouble in this game, as the synthetics are hard to kill and trying will make a lot of noise. You can get through the game not killing anyone, which is good. It makes 'Dishonoured' look like child's play.I hope for a sequel, even longer, even harder. Well done to the makers, 'Alien' finally got the game it deserved."
,Recommended,214490,12878725,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Nood,"Dont hear the IGN review of these games. Buy it. Its awesome. ♥♥♥♥ you Ryan, stop being a litttle ♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198136072027,Recommended,214490,12878893,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Global Bastards Inc.,"I decided to restart the game and play it again because it is so good, however, once you start a new game a bug occurs where you cant get pass the first door to talk to sombody called taylor. If anybody knows how to fix this bug then i would be very greatful. I spent alot of money on this game and know i can play it. nobody online seems to have the answer to I'm coming here as a last resort. please help me, please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197990075035,Recommended,214490,12879166,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Shambling GoatMother,An excellent satisfying nerve wrecking experience that is true to the movies. I am overjoyed that this game turned out to be as awesome as i had hoped when it was first announced. Some people hold its long lenght against it but Its epic length is a plus in my opinion because it is all well done.
76561198127691973,Recommended,214490,13140838,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,matthewisfinal,"if you like the 1st alien films this game will be for you, the game feels exactly like been in the alien films.made me hide in cabinets all the time in fear =D8/10"
76561198003142155,Recommended,214490,13064108,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,zomby1872000,"i played althrough this game and loved every minute of it. if your expecting a run-and-gun shooter this isnt for you. it does have some parts where a shotgun, pistol, or the bolt gun is needed for the androids or the looters but thats it. once you get the flamethrower its pretty much your saving grace because its the only thing that will make the alien retreat. if your a fan of the original alien movie youll love it. this game is for the scare factor and for me it did its job well.  this to me is the best alien game made since the alien vs. predator pc game from the 90s. besides all the other aliens games were run and gun games.......see how well they turned out?......total crap"
76561198106316225,Recommended,214490,13049786,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Narakun_,"Wonderfully realized survival horror game crafted from the orginal Ridley Scott/HR Giger Alien universe.  Will please both horror gamers and alien fans alike, and if you're both like me, you'll probably love it.  Needless to say, it's great to finally have an Alien game that isn't disappointing on every level, instead it's overachieved in many ways and really just a great game.  Highly Recommended!"
76561197994677950,Recommended,214490,13112062,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jj,"Great Game not just for Relax because horror games like this are little bit scary, but I enjoyed every minute what I spend in this game."
,Recommended,214490,13112843,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,VZero,"I like the new twist in the Alien franchise: survivor horror. This game took me a long time to finish because I was actually scared of it. The stealth mechanics are not always predictable as the Alien could still notice you even though you thought you're safe, which adds another layer of fear in the game.Highly recommended for those who love the survivor horrors like Amnesia."
,Recommended,214490,13115045,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,W4rT0rrN,Thank you for releasing an ALIEN game worth a crap!  We have been waiting on this for a very very long time...and I love this game.
,Recommended,214490,13117938,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,TheFemoDemo,"BUY. THIS. GAME.Amazing attention to detail, incredible reincarnation of the original ""Alien"" and fantastic new story with extremely pleasing voice acting, plot, and graphics. It may not seem to be, but this game is incredibly replayable. The experience of being hunted by this terrifying predator is exhilerating, and it never gets old. Not to mention the ""Working Joes"", other Survivors, and your own mistakes trying to bring you down along the way.This game has made it into my top five games. Worth the full price, 100%."
76561198125099372,Recommended,214490,12956178,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,VolcanicWill,Superb VisualsSuch attention to detail when re living the original movieshe dies in the end :/
,Recommended,214490,12958964,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lazy Roman,Well optimized for the pc even my laptop runs it on high-ultra settings which is awesome.Also the game actually makes me jump and scared at times. Great survival horror game.
,Recommended,214490,12959616,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,OILMan,Legend. Memories. Scary. Atmospheric. The loneliness of space. Monsters exist.
76561197978716145,Recommended,214490,12961003,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Khalfani Allgood,"Ever since I was 5 years old, I have been deathly afraid of the whole concept on H.R. Giger's Alien. I actually went to the movies to see Alien when it was 1st released and itstillscares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Facehuggers leading to chestbursters, which then turn into killing machines that scale walls and have a tail with a barb?!? Best monster/sci-fi combo of all time.For years I've waited for a game that makes me hide from something rather than blow it away with a rocket launcher. I wanted a game that made me truly afraid of an ""alpha level"" threat that stalks you relentlessly through the whole game. For me, Alien Isolation is the perfect game. The presentation itself has it's flaws - the story structurally is painted by the numbers, and besides Amanda Ripley there's no real reason to care about any of the other characters. BUT....the graphics, the music, the Alien A.I., and the fan service shows the amount of effort the developers made in recreating the magic of the original work. The crafting system, albeit crude, adds a bit of depth to the puzzle/action/stealth mix. The fact that you absolutelycan'tkill the xenomorph made the game so intense for me that I couldn't play the game for long stretches at a time. It wasn't until I got the flame thrower than I truly felt like I had some control over the pace of the game.Some common complaints: backtracking and the lack of ""gunplay"". Personally, I feel that THIS game is ENHANCED by the re-visiting of old areas. It added to my suspension of disbelief and made me feel as if I was actually in a living, breathing space station overrun by problems. As far as the level of action is concerned, I prefer that an Alien game be more about tactics than bullethell storms and reflexes. Twitch-a-holics may suffer durung the first half of the game, but the slow pace is needed to add to the story weaving. Too fast of a pace  - and the game becomes just another shooter with a license.To sum it up: it's not a game for everybody. It's an absolute must-have for Alien fans. And for gamers over 40, it's a virtual heart attack stimulator. Highly recommended and would defnitely buy a sequel."
76561198047097858,Recommended,214490,12961971,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Yui Memeasawa,"This is by far the BEST Alien game to ever grace our pcs and consoles. Unlike the♥♥♥♥♥♥stain that was Colonial marines, this game is incredibly scary and tense as hell! the Alien is something you both don't want to see but really want to see. The sounds and atomsphere that the game present are incredibly immersive and just add to that high tension feeling which just leads to scare the crap outta you. The alien itself is very well done as it isn't supposed to be something that's easy to kill. Creative Assembly have saved this IP from the brink of death the Gearbox left it on and for that I thank CA they are true fans to this series unlike GB. This game is a must buy for fans of the Alien franchise and fans of survival horror games.Final verdict: 9.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,12963113,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Daniel Bae Lewis,Misleading title.  Did not feel very isolated at all.
,Recommended,214490,12963153,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MunkieBunz 3~,I really enjoy the look and feel of this game. It's suspenseful and the extended time between save points is very effective at keeping the suspense there where you just don't want to fail and die. They did a wonderful job at keeping it true to the original movie. My one gripe is that they don't render the feet and there are no reflections of your character so it makes it kinda weird when stuff gets kicked by your invisible feet.My one gripe is with the mouse/keyboard controls: the peek and move system... it's full 100% or nothing.
76561197971196164,Recommended,214490,15150421,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Gaylord-Focker,Youll be ♥♥♥♥♥♥in' your pants below tables.... most of the time.
,Recommended,214490,15151096,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,AK|Ghost|A,"Only 1Hr in and I fear every corner turn, every empty corridor, every harmless door and every single confined vent.Literally Nothing has Happened, I am still scared."
,Recommended,214490,15153006,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,RotAntz,Just finish this game just about over 20 hours.. Really really scariest game i ever played.. even scarier than dead space lol. But give this game 11/10 bec it just too perfect! feel like i actually watching a movie! Never knew hiding under table is so much fun lol! Hope u guys will grab it!!
,Recommended,214490,15148933,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Slinker,"Hats of to Sega and Creative Assembly, an Alien game might not get any better than this. This can easily stand beside Batman: Arkham Asylum as one of the best game adaptations ever. A huge suprise for me  and I'm glad to experiance it!"
76561198183168337,Recommended,214490,15154689,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,hassan1988,not bad
76561197979810963,Recommended,214490,15156062,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jona.in.pdx,"Ever used to watch old CGI cinimatics in games and with games actually looked like that when playing them? Alien Isolation gives you that feeling.At it's very heart it is a puzzle game, and a stealth game. There are even some Pac-Man moments with bad guys coming after you in a maze.It's really fun, gorgeous to look at, smooth as butter to play. This is what AAA is all about. I'm going to buy the DLC."
,Recommended,214490,15152679,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,WildCat,"A killer Xenomorph stalks the corridors of the space stationSevastopol, rapidly traversing areas via vents and ducts, preying on its inhabitants as it finds them. Rogue androids, armed looters and frisky facehuggers also aim to catch you unaware in the dark...This is a great game, and one of the trickiest and most satisfying stealth games that I have played for a long time. Throw in the survival-horror factor, which is very psychological, and you have a game which is true to theAlienfilm from which it stems. There is a lot going for this perilous cat-and-mouse space adventure, where weapons are mostly ineffective and fighting is futile. In terms of presentation, the graphics are really nice, especially the ambient lighting; the sound effects are excellent, and the music really adds to the creepy atmosphere, where all manner of threats lurk.As Amanda Ripley, the game's female protagonist, you have to rely on your wits and trusty motion tracker to guide your way through the vast station, utilising blueprints and tools to achieve the ultimate objective of getting offSevastopolalive. The alien moves swiftly, responding with lightning reactions to the sounds of running feet and discharged weapons, attacking without fear or remorse; it is convincingly unpredictable in its cunning. Hiding in lockers and beneath desks may seem wise, but don't rely on such tactics to save you indefinitely. You must keep moving, stay low, and always remain alert!You can run, but you can't hide..."
76561198045241554,Recommended,214490,14340940,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TallestMunchkin,"One of the best survival horror games to come out recently, made all that much better if you're a fan of the Alien franchise. Play the game on hard for the best experience."
76561198098975488,Recommended,214490,14360760,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Water_Samurai,"This is a great survival horror game, which if you're familiar with those, there isn't much new here if you've already played Outlast or Amnesia: The Dark Descent, or even a game like Bioshock which has its own unique feeling and would be far from a survival horror game.What this game does is unique, however, as it wonderfully captures the feeling and atmosphere of the original film, Alien. Any fan of those films should absolutely check this one out."
,Recommended,214490,14361309,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Cashman,"One of the scariest experiences I've ever had. Any self respecting fan of the Alien franchise would be stupid not to check this out, and horror buffs won't be disappointed even if for some reason they aren't familiar with the films. The game is brutally scary and very hard at times, it's incredibly stressful. One of my favorite games in recent memory."
76561198037071004,Recommended,214490,14364085,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jason.lewis.08.45,"A fantastic thrill ride, set in one of the most distinctive Sci Fi universes in movie history. I HIGHLY reccomend it to anyone who enjoys a great survival horror game, and even MORE if you are a fan of the Alien franchise. 10 gold stars from me!"
,Recommended,214490,14174848,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,zero,"Wow, such a surprisingly excellent game! The amount of detail that's gone into the level design is super impressive - everything looks and sounds just like it did in the 1979 movie (as retro as that is). It has to be one of the most atmospheric games I've played, not to mention one of the scariest!The focus is more on stealth and survival rather than running and gunning (although there are weapons, but ammunition is scarce and they're only used as a last resort). Being relentlessly hunted by the Alien is seriously stressful, it will react to any sound you make and once it spots you there is little hope of escape. Every time you reach a save point there is a huge sense of relief. The faceless mannequin-like androids are just as terrifying as the Alien too.The campaign is roughly 15-20 hours long. Play it on hard, at night with the lights off and headphones cranked and you won't be dissapointed. Easily one of the best games of 2014."
,Recommended,214490,14164333,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sam The Great,"It is beautiful art wise, and if your an aliens fan you should pick this one up. My only recomendation is DONT PLAY HARD THE FIRST TIME THROUGH. If you folow that you should have fun."
,Recommended,214490,14207187,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,allenculler,"Very fun, but also quite frustrating.ConsThe game saving system is quite weak as you must find the right console to save the game. Most of the time it is fine. Unfortunately, some times you've been playing for a while without finding one and you need the restart over.ProsReally scary, fun mini games, alien is really well made. Graphics are top notch and the atmosphere/sound track makes the game immersive. You definitely feel in the Alien universe."
76561197985430650,Recommended,214490,14189654,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Bad Sushi,Creative Assembly captures the retro/70's SciFI aesthetic perfectly in what is a faithful and terrifying adapation of the Alien films.
76561198032066739,Recommended,214490,14120390,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,trancemonger,"So Good.  Kept me on my toes the whole time.  The stuck to the design and feel of the movies so well.  The Atmosphere, the tech, it's all so classic, and it feels so good.  For once I get to say that I loved every second of a game."
76561197961839275,Recommended,214490,14122516,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,EugeneHockey,"I'm not sure yet, but it looks great."
,Recommended,214490,14101576,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,stoosh95,probably one of (if not THE) scariest games of all time. If you loved the first movie ... and love stealth (sneaksie) games ... this is a must play.
,Recommended,214490,14115440,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Tarostar,"This game is scarily good. Amazing job by the developers, artists, musicians and others who put this together. Excellent work and so true to the movies it gives me shivers. Get it if you like horror, alien movies, strong female characters and not least an AI that will hunt you down. Play it on hard and be prepared to crawl, hide and die - a lot. Some might not like the save points, but they really heighten the tension and fit the game perfectly. This one is for savouring in the night when it is dark and quiet."
76561198113828394,Not Recommended,214490,14416459,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,LionEddy,"Dont get confused by my low hours on record...I played the game offline 15 - 20 hours. I completed the first 5 missions.The good:Let me say Alien: Isolation is the most realistic recreation of the Alien universe so far (before playing the game I recommend to watch the first Alien movie)...the graphics are beautiful and you can really see the amount of hard work they put into creating the Sevastopol station. The music is also good...I mean it is really frustrating in a good way :)The bad and the reason I cant recommend the game:After completing the 5th mission I stopped playing the game...I probably died at least 100 times (hard difficulty). The entire game you play ""cat and mouse"" with the Alien. He cant be killed and the moment he sees you...well you are dead. At the beginning it was fun but after a while it started to be so frustrating that I just couldnt bear it any more.The most frustrating thing is you can not save the game anywhere. You can only save it at ""savepoints"" (something like a checkpoint). It is so damn hard to get from one savepoint to another...I even changed the difficulty level to easy but I dont even see the difference. The Alien is still an OP killing machine and he is hunting you all the time.I wish there would be less encounters with the Alien or at least the possibility to save the game at any point."
76561198008137853,Recommended,214490,14480385,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,[F2B]Matafuk0,"I never knew how much fun I could have hiding under a table! The level design, lighting and sound are all great and really create a tense and foreboding atmosphere - I love the film so inhabiting this landscape was a joy. I had no problem with the length of the game and could have played longer.There is a lot of repetition involved, especially with the manual save system, but this is what *all* games used to be like and I very much appreciated it; I prefer being able to practice a section and then repeat as necessary to get through as best as you can without having an autosave forcing you to continue with barely any health or mistakenly wasted resources.I did find that a lot of the time you can get through a level just by hiding in the shadows, and when I did try out using the items they didn't really lend all that much of an advantage, so it was disappointing to rarely get to use them.It was fun though, and if you're willing to go along with it, scary as hell. There are great action sequences that are fun to take part in rather than just watch. I'd recommend for fans of the film and stealth games; not really one for running, shooting and getting to the next checkpoint.Despite it's flaws I absolutely loved playing it."
,Recommended,214490,14506964,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Stoggles,"Spectacular.Delivers in the spirit of the 1979 movie with absolute sublime attention to detail and impecable timing. Stunning visuals, excellent sound design and an Alien that really feels like it is hunting for you. The illusion isn't broken, this doesn't feel like a video game - it feels like being in the Alien universe."
,Recommended,214490,14379981,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Philippe Heroux,Loved the atmosphere but the gameplay was too predictable.Follow these 3 rules and you can beat the game without ever seeing the aliens except at designed points in the story:1. Don't stop moving2. Don't run3. Don't use loud weapons
,Recommended,214490,14381676,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sirknobbles,Looks at awardsSees mostly sound awardsBuys game10/10 git gudand git bettr awords
76561197990466948,Recommended,214490,14386399,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Armandra,Great game and great immersion alltogether. It really feels like Ridley Scott's Alien!
76561198109141821,Recommended,214490,13201790,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sir Knukkle,"OK so I held off a bit on any reviews until I played it for a while because I doubted if one enemy could be intense at all. So it turns out not just the Alien has it in for you, which is great. I only encountered androids and some aggresive humans so far. The motion tracker attracts the Alien, and is pretty much how you see where the androids are. But so far I really am enjoying it. It is sort of like a mixture between Dead Space and stealth, because you do not really want to be noticed or fight. For me it has the same spine tingling effect I had with DS 1. Also it has some Outlast influences. So if you liked DS and Outlast you will have a blast.OK so I had my 2nd encounder with the alien and first time it hunted me. It is very unpredictable, there is no set pattern it follows (and this is what stealth games need). And if it sees you, you die. The amount of times you die in this game is probably comparable with Dark Souls (although DS punishes you more). You simply select which save to load (and there is no shortage of them). Heavy stealth and a lot of rush to find hiding places/open doors etc. Only thing so far they might have done better is the alien really makes a noise. Footsteps, crawling in the vents. The film you never heared it coming.Still keeping my opinion about the game though, it is great!"
,Recommended,214490,13219479,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Darkmatter,"Genuinely terrifying, well paced and beautifully made, this game is a fantastic purchase for any gamer, a must fans of true survival-horror and is no doubt already owned by Alien fans.+Tension building+Actual survival horror+Makes you feel powerless at times+Great gameplay-Maybe slightly too long (personal preference)"
76561198006720491,Recommended,214490,15234770,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ringwitch,10 out of 10 out of this world
76561198052657128,Recommended,214490,14787418,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Blockishfox,If you love being scared s***less and tactic gaming this is one for you. If you expecting something fast pace with contstant killing this is not for you. It is a great game that turns alien into a realistic survival horror gaming expierience.
,Recommended,214490,14881935,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Articwulf,Best game evar... wish I had an Occulus set.  I heard its amazing on the Occulus.
,Recommended,214490,14888411,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,CT,"Never felt safe during 13 hours of gameplay.Anti-aliasing issues with Nvidia cards, only the shadows/shaders are affected.9/10"
,Recommended,214490,14875156,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rodmiester,"Difficult, frustrating, and pretty terrifying. Overall it's great."
76561198022227036,Recommended,214490,14877201,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,rmp,"Great atmosphere and graphics. My one complaint is that it sort of drags on at the end. So many times I thought I was right around the corner of finishing the game, just to have a new setback thrown at me. It started getting a bit tedious. Overall, still a very good game."
76561198030238340,Recommended,214490,14893920,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,VELOX_MORTIS,"I never thought a game could be created that was so literally terrifying as to make you not want to get out from under a desk or some other hiding place..until I played this game. Scary as hell but awesome..everything from the atmosphere to the Alien's A.I. Great pacing, sound effects, everything. Recommended highly!"
75212346587910110,Recommended,214490,14996212,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,αlphα,FKN amazing! :D
,Recommended,214490,15044614,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,M3RC,"Oh HELL YEAH !! If you really want to know what its like to be stalked  by this invincible behemoth, purchase this game !! Seriously, i'm half way through the game, i can't wait to restart it on a harder difficulty.  An extremely good transition from film to game."
76561197982974431,Recommended,214490,15045565,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Enduring Bias,"Without a doubt the most terrifying game i have ever played.Max settings, lights off, i've never played a game like this. People have honestly not reccomened this game for being that scary lol100% worth the ££££"
,Recommended,214490,13937120,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ziltoid,"This is the Alien game you have been waiting for!For once the Xenomorph is given proper respects as the unstoppable killing machine it is designed to be. You really feel powerless and hopeless in this game, and when that Alien pops out at you and there isn’t a damned thing you can do about it, it will make you panic and feel defeated. I really enjoyed going after mission objectives while playing cat and mouse with the Xeno, and trying to out think it. There are more dangers you will face during your time on Sevastopol Station like malfunctioning androids, and stranded colonists that have lost their minds to fear. The station itself is almost a villain in this game as it dark corridors and dim lighted areas will play tricks on your mind. I can’t tell you how many times I thought the Xeno was after me just to be relieved it was some pipes and boxes. Another thing I like in this game is the crafting system and making use of what small of tools you can use to get yourself out of situations, and of course we cannot forget our dumbed down motion tracker that does not work as well as the ones the Marines have in Aliens but next to using your ears, it’s about the only way to know if you are being hunted.I don’t normally like survival horror games, and I might be biased as I am an Alien fanboy, but this game is a must play, and I would recommend it to anybody. That does not mean it is a perfect game by any stretch. The one fatal flaw of this game is that it is absolutely frustrating at times. I actually have yet to finish it as I am stuck about 60% through the game, and my desire to go on any longer has faded. For one this is 2015… Why the hell do we have such an ancient save system? I understand the save system was to ramp up the difficulty but that should be a choice of players not a developers. They could have implemented a “hardcore” mode that disabled auto saving and what not. It is absolutely just painful to lose so much progress because of a death, for myself that is almost a deal breaker as it just sucks the fun out of the game. Auto saves please! Hopefully somebody will mod it, until then I am not sure if I will go back, it is just too frustrating.Flaws aside though, this game was a massive leap forward for Alien franchise games. The atmosphere of the game is the real winner here, the lighting is perfect, fire effects are perfect. It really just looks amazing. Also don’t forget to look out the windows of the space station, the view is amazing! I applaud the Creative Assembly team for a job well done. Hopefully this leads to something greater!"
76561198002426120,Recommended,214490,14984523,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,hetoreyn,"THIS ... is how you do a ♥♥♥♥in' ALIEN game correctly. Absolutely superb, gorgeous, scary as hell, and top notch in every detail.The first thing that struck me was the amazing detail of the graphics, even playing on my iMac from 2011 (i7 3.4ghz system with AMD Radeon HD 6900, 16 gig Ram). I played this at Ultra quality and it looks blu-ray quality, absolutely amazing. The feel and playability of the fist person shooter aspect is the best I've ever seen. UI took a bit of getting used to but feels good. All game mechanics (stealth, crafting etc), are easy to learn and is hard to distiguish between watching a AAA movie .. or playing a very realistic game. Immersion is high in this game.Music score is perfect. From the modified Jerry Goldsmith cues to the high tech / horror driven orchestra and synth textures. Always sounds perfect for this kind of genre and pays VERY close attention to the feel of Goldsmiths score. Diverse and varied .. my only complaint about the music score is they haven't made a CD release of it?!?The ALIEN is exactly as you'd never hope he'd be. A nasty, evil, slobbering, clever, SCARY♥♥♥♥♥sum-♥♥♥♥♥. He just wants to eat you and make it hurt! Every time he gets you you'll jump out of your skin, I know I did. The absolute perfect organism, and as terrifying as you'd imagine.Buy without hesitation. Definitely worth getting the Crew Expendable and Last Survivor Addon's if you're a hard core 'Alien' fan. The rest of the DLC I don't really care for .. time based challenges are not my thing, I have tried them and .. too their credit .. they are pretty well varied, time challenge change for each segment, but I find it difficult to enjoy myself with a clock running.The main campaign is brilliant. A lot of people find it over long, frankly I have NO PROBLEM with more content. Perhaps the developers should have made a menu choice of 'Theatrical cut' and 'Directors Edition' so that people could play a condensed version .. but they didn't (Something to do next time if you're reading this CA :P).Hope to all the gods in the sky they follow up with a sequel. If they can do this awesome job with Ridely Scott's universe .. I can only imagine what they'd to with James Cameron's.The game is not without a couple of minor bugs but nothing that will stop you enjoying it. Great story, great voice overs, great graphics, awesome music score. I've played this through 13 times .. twice on nightmare mode. Nightmare mode is not intended to play for the first timer .. but definitely a very fun and challenging way to play the game again. I had the best time, and the scariest, playing in Nightmare mode.11/10 .. top marks. Now release the ♥♥♥♥in' soundtrack album already!!"
,Recommended,214490,15054082,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,a7xforlife99,"The apmosphere in this game is mind blowing! I reccomend playing it in the dark along with headphones for the ultimate experience, the way the alien moves so fluidly and appears so randomly keeps you constantly on your toes. be warned though you will die alot, and probably go through alot of underwear aswell. easily the best survival horror game i've ever played and also probably one of my favourite games ever (and i still haven't finished it yet! i play it in sections otherwise i might have a heart attack)."
76561198071526728,Recommended,214490,15034193,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Tiberius,"There has never been a game that captured the feel of the original Alien movie like this one. You can tell they went all out to make aliens a real horror. They got the details and feel right for the world. The gameplay is also awesome and flowed well. The crafting added a great element and made things much more interesting. It takes patience at times because you sometimes have to sneak and wait, but it's worth it. My heart was beating out of my chest! Congrats to the makers for getting it right. I've always considered Alien3 and 4 to have 'not happened' but loved Alien and Aliens. As far as I'm concered now, there are now three chapters: Alien, Alien: Isolations, and Aliens."
,Recommended,214490,15282222,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,hobo_shinobi,"There I was trying to make my way through a medical ward in search of desperately needed supplies. All around me I can hear thumps and clangs coming from the air vents above me and my motion tracker is showing something zipping around at a high rate of speed, though I cannot see anything immediately around me. As I am creeping I stumble upon a group of looters, and I know from previous experiences that when people are scared they are dangerous, so I take cover behind a cargo crate.I reach into my inventory and retrieve a flash bang that I had crafted earlier, all the while I can hear the looters discussing amongst themselves about how they don't know what is going on but they need to find supplies and get back...to where they never say. I peek over the top of the cargo crate much like a meerkat and plan my toss. I throw the flashbang so it lands near enough to the looters but not so close that they can discern what direction it came from, then it detonates.The looters are staggered, swearing and growing scared. I dash quickly to hide behind some kind of area display while I still have the cover of disorientation to aide me. Then I hear it. A loud hiss coming from somewhere in the room above me and the looters, possibly from the second floor but I don't get the time needed to listen and place the monster. All I hear is a muffled, ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" come from one of the looters, then a gun shot, then the most frightening scream I'd ever heard. It sounded like a lion had been huffing helium for an afternoon. Strong and powerful yet so high a pitch that it would chill you to your very bones. Then I hear the thumping.The monster closes the distance between itself and the looters with five heavy steps in a few seconds and attacks without mercy. Hiding behind the area display I could hear the first looter scream and die. The sounds of blood spilling to the ground and flesh ripping echoing off of every metal surface in the room. The looters tried to run, leaving their already dead friend in the clutches of the monster, but another roar signified that it was not going to be so easy. I peeked over the top of the area display when I heard the monsters footsteps following the looters away from me and watched in horror as the one closest to the monster was killed with ruthless effeciency, then the monster took off after the other.I ducked back down, horrified of how close I had came and began to wonder if it was my flashbang that drew the monster in. Could my attempt at utilizing distraction in order to sneak passed them without killing them actually have been their demise? Finally, the last looter screams and the room draws silent except for the sounds of whatever the monster is doing with its latest catch. One more peek around the side of the display shows that I am alone in the room now, the looters must have led the monster down one of the connecting halls.I quickly ran for a nearby air vent and prayed to a God I don't believe in to see me through this nightmare.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Above was an actual gameplay narrative of something I experienced the other day ingame. As a twenty-eight year old man, Alien megafan, and very cynical gamer I can tell you that I have not had more fun, been more frightened, or been glued to a game more securely since Resident Evil 2 when I was a kid.After numerous disappointments the Alien game that Alien fans have been waiting for has arrived. I will admit, it may not be for everyone, but if you enjoy games that are all about immersion and atmosphere then this is for you. Do yourself a favor and grab this game, it is well worth the years off the end of your life...you know, the ones where you can't wipe your own♥♥♥♥♥aren't very fun anyway.Graphics - if you have the system then they are a solid 10/10, on minimum it is still damn pretty and detailed though.Sound - this is the main culprit of all near heart attacks and pant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. 10/10Story - my only complaint and it is very minor. The game was a little long in the tooth but the conclusion more than made it worth it. 8/10Mechanics - straight forward and crisp controls. Lots of crouching and hiding and the sounds you make play a huge role in successfully surviving. 9/10Granted, I'm not a professional reviewer, but I am a lifelong gamer almost never writes reviews. I felt this game really, really, really deservered the glowing recommendation."
76561197962373171,Recommended,214490,15282775,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Gefreiter Holtz,"Very good game, with good graphics.The story is somewhat predictable so far, but for once, you are almost powerless so it's more hide and seek.The atmosphere, techs and surroundings are really a tribute to the first alien movie.Scary and fun. A very good game."
76561198033858111,Recommended,214490,15283249,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,LukeTribs,"This is Dead Space 2, with less powered up guns, with an Alien and synthetic androids chasing you. Its an amazing game annd technically brilliant. Atmosphere keeps on building and the sound is one of the best features. Down side is its very linear and save points must be reached so you find yourself having to replay the last 10-15 minutes since your last save point. That said, it was worth the offer price, maybe not £31.99 though."
76561198032272472,Recommended,214490,15284041,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Nrg,.
76561198037405428,Recommended,214490,15284305,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Authentic Mikutard,"Hope we see more of this in the future: Inventory, console using, doing anything =/= pause button. If you want a pause, hit escape and go clean your soiled undies. This increases immersion immensely. (I mean pausing game when doing things in the game world, not soiling yourself... well unless you're actually REALLY into simulation, in that case, adult sized diapers are recommended)"
,Recommended,214490,15205287,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,20sumtinoldlabor,"9 out of 10! Fan-freaking-tastic! My only real crime: beating this game on Easy Mode!Prior to playing this game, I never did watch the Alien movies, but I  did play a few other survival horror games before, including Condemned: Criminal Origins and the first two Bioshock games. I then became interested in this game, not just because of the praise it was getting, but because it did look like something among the lines of those Bioshock games. So I went and watched the first two Alien movies to get caught up to watching this game, before purchasing this game during Steam's holiday sale last year.It took a few months to finally play this game, but I'll get to why later. When I finally did, I was immediately addicted! AI is possibly the most tense of the horror games I played so far--then again, I never played other highly acclaimed horror games like Outlast, Amnesia, and the FEAR series (I want to, though.). Still, what's presented here deserved the praise it got late last year, especially when survival horror's a first for strategy game developer Creative Assembly.So what's the story? Well if you watched at least the first two Alien films (and shouldn't bother with the other two sequels or the canonical Colonial Marines), the game picks up 15 years after the events of the first movie and 42 years before the second. It was brought up in Aliens that Ellen Ripley is a single mother with her only daughter Amanda. Well, that daughter is the main protagonist of this game, working for Weyland Yutani on a personal goal to find her mother. She gets a tip from a Synthenic employee Samuels that a substation the Sevastopol has recently received on board  a flight recording from the obliterated Nostromo. After a little hesitation, Amanda agrees to go, and the two, along with reporter Taylor, head their way over, via the Torren. But as tradition would have it, Sevastopol has gone to hell, but Amanda doesn't really know until a freak accident sends her, along with Samuels and Taylor on board while trying to dock.While on board, Amanda realizes she has a lot to deal with on Sevastopol, as it's running rampant with desperately insane humans trying to survive (and are the weakest enemies in the game), brutal Working Joe synthetics programmed to kill upon their core AI the Apollo's command, and a Xenomorph running amok in the station.That's the gist of the plot. the story overall is good, but if you already watched the Alien movies, it's nothing too special and rather predictable in terms of how the story is played out, but I do like how it sheds light in the Ripley family, and how Amanda becomes more and more like her mother as the game progresses.  While it does end on a cliffhanger, I still think it's a good closure to the game's story.Trust me, though, if for whatever reason you're not into the story, the game is still worth it, largely due to the sound direction, which to me is the highlight of the game. Much like the Ridley Scott original, it uses an atmospheric tone with suspenseful music and sound effects to immerse you into the game, wanting to keep going to find out what will happen next. Both the sound and art direction are incredible, paying homage to the original 1979 film, and will definitely satisfy the Alien purists.As for gameplay, it's first-person survival horror fare with a few innovative ideas and mechanics. Right off the bat, the only weapon you'll be picking up early in the game is a revolver, but ammo is scarce to scavenge for, but you will pick up maps and materials to craft new gadgets to divert or weaken your enemies--smoke bombs, noi♥♥♥♥ers, molotov cocktails, EMP mines, and even upgrades to said gadgets and tools including a gas torch and hacking device to help reach new areas in the station. Once you have all these gadgets, along with a motion tracker to tell you if an enemy's close and new weapons you'll get later including a shotgun and a flamethrower, you'll have an incredibly versatile Amanda Ripley. And trust me, you will need most if not all these tools to survive, as this game presents a few, shall we say, traditional mechanics with a health bar requiring medkits to heal (Thank you! That auto-heal mechanic has become one of my most HATED mechanics in modern gaming), and a manual save system in the form of yellow phone booths scattered throughout the station, which heightens the tensity of the game, even when you have enemies tailing behind you half the time.Let's talk about the enemies here, starting with the Xenomorph. CA felt the need to make sure the perfect organism isn't just some lumbering robot walking down a scripted path, and damn, did they do a good job! The alien is the most unpredictable enemy in the game. Even on Easy mode, the encounters with the alien are nerve-wracking; it'll sometimes turn around and go back the way it came, walk slowly in certain areas looking around, and even play tricks with you to lure you out of your hiding place. You can't outrun or kill it when it finds you either, and the alien will kill you immediately, so it becomes a game of cat-and-mouse. You know it's a tense experience, especially when the game has you holding your breath and leaning back in the locker the alien suspects you're in.The Working Joes are not on the same level as the alien, but are still creepy, nonetheless. They're competitor Seegon's Big Lots answer to the Weyland synthetics, which are a pain to kill. You can't whack it blindly with your wrench, because he'll block your attack, so you'll need to shock him or find a more powerful weapon to take him down, like a shotgun. The worst part, though, is while electrical attacks are the most effective, they'll later become equipped with rubber suits, making them immune to electricity and more difficult to defeat. (In my case, I became pretty good at capping WJs with a bolt gun, which takes time to build up the shot, so you'll need to be careful when using it.)Speaking of later in the game, I've heard many critics complain how after the first half when you earn a flamethrower and send the alien flying out of Sevastopol, the game goes downhill, but I think the second half of the game is still great if you give it a chance. For one, not a whole lot was revealed about Seegson or Sevastopol or how Ellen's flight recording was retrieved until then, and while you do some backtracking through areas you've been in before, it's not a whole lot and game is only padded briefly on small occasions. In fact that whole section after defeating the alien becomes a huge buildup to something massive! Without trying to spoil too much, I'll say sh*t really hits the fan after a certain event causing the station to deenergize and crumble, making the last few levels the most captivating (and most difficult) in the game.So, yeah. While there's so much good I've brought up, I've a few minor problems. For one, I'm not very big on the character models. While the voice acting is great, all the characters look too plastic  and shiny for my taste with puppet-like mouth animations and lip synching. The game still looks great, even on the highest settings, but I think a little more care could've been put into making the characters on the level of everything else. Also I've ran into a few bugs and glitches, which can be avoided. No, the reason it took me so long to finally play was due to the video card I had before: a 2GB DDR3 GT 520. I had to save up to by a better one: a 2GB GDDR5 GT 740, because the game was CHUGGING on my older one. If you intend to play this game, play it on a high-tech PC, as the higher specs are required.Aside from that, Isolation was a great time, but now I did wish I started on Normal. The game was still fairly challenging, but there were a few times I thought the alien spotted me, and I do still get an occasional braindead WJ and human to work with. I'll give Normal and Hard a run at some point, but for now this game is a must buy!"
,Recommended,214490,13727132,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,samooja,goty
76561198075948941,Recommended,214490,30456584,Posted: 11 March,all,Spaceboy DSR,"Wow. Now that is a good game. This was my first horror game, but i thought is was scary AF, for multiple reasons. The scariest one is that sometimes you can hear the alien above you, and this alien has some of the best AI in any game i have ever played. I highly recomend this game for any fan of the alien movies or horror games."
,Recommended,214490,30457425,Posted: 11 March,all,Saucy SquidLoli,"Superior atmosphere, unlike any other games I've ever played. AI's are a bit stupid but a great game regardless"
,Recommended,214490,12404114,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Somerandom18,Such scareSo authenticWowDead
76561197999981803,Recommended,214490,12404481,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mr.GrAnD,"Played a scant 41 minutes and can tell already this promises to be a good play.You are Ripley's daughter embarking on a mission to find your mother fifteen years after the events of the first Alien movie.The visuals are sweet! Very crisp and lots of detail.You hitch a ride into deep space to gather the flight recorder from the Nostromo found by another Wayland mining ship.You find the ship damaged and get a garbled reply whenn you hail them... so (of course) you high tail it on over to it!!!I got onboard after an accident that may have killed a fellow passanger and an android - but hey- They new the risks... right?So now I am on board and creeping around.The game plays in first person with nice movement control, I can peek around corners and have a simple inventory menu that allows me to veiw the stuff I can pick up around the ship.I think I will be crafting and finding weapons too ... Like I said 41 minutes of play.So far the game gives you the feeling of the original movie, visually reproducing the ship very well.Hope to enjoy the entire game as much as the first 41.Watch on Youtube at GameswithGrand. It will auto post when finnished uploading.More to come...-GrAnD"
,Recommended,214490,12404482,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,fl00blab,I can only recommend this game. The atmosphere is really creepy and it totally captures the feeling of Alien. The music score and sound effects are very well produced. I just love it! IGN was wrong. This is a 9/10
76561198046997596,Recommended,214490,12404661,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Iamurcouch,♥♥♥♥♥myself at a light bulb breaking10/10
,Recommended,214490,12404800,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,KevMscotland,Scary as hell. Very accurate representation of the Alien movie with its own very well told story.
76561198001147598,Recommended,214490,12404855,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Orncaex,"What I want to know is.... was it really that hard? This is what that Marines game should have felt like only with a bit more hope.First of all I have a new found respect for people that survive Horror games. As it turns out...*No you can not catch a bullet with your teeth,*Yes you need all of your organs that are in your chest*And no one cares if you are trying to do important things in a menue. Om nom.. nom om nom...One of the more brutal and unforgiving games I have played so far. Most of what you get is a trap. That gun you picked up? Yeah it was more useful ten minites ago... now it just makes things angry. Im sorry did you sneeze while you were hiding? Guess who just got invited to lunch...Ontop of that they stick faithfully to themes of the Alien movies... Laughably low tech future stuff which just brightens my day... and then alot of self induced horror because you are paying too much attetion and are paranoid. And when the gloves come off and its time to dance you better hope that you saved resently or you are gonna loose alot of progress if you slip up and get pulled into an airvent for a Teeth hugDo not play this if you are planning on just killing the things... wrong game for that... Do play this game though if you enjoy a good scare and have some skill at running and hiding"
76561198024424090,Recommended,214490,12404880,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,aegean,"Has to be said - I was expecting a lot from this game - I'm old enough for the original film - and, bear in mind in was mind blowing back then, I expected better detailed graphics than what are here now. The audio is awesome, I have yet to truly get to grips with the game, but the detail for 2014 . . . . . . hmmmmmmmWorks well across 3 screensWill update this as I go along"
,Recommended,214490,12405058,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,CORN,It's fantastic!
,Recommended,214490,12405194,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,=3BusKy_Dawg(=,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥, this game is amazing...."
,Recommended,214490,12405337,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mr Flim Flam,The game is so dank that it is kush
76561198052922240,Recommended,214490,12405344,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,CRYNGAMER,the best alien game to date. The cat and mouse gameplay never gets old no matter how many times  you died. This company needs to to do an action dlc to this that would be perfect. Loving it!
,Recommended,214490,12405349,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Zombie Fried Chicken,"One of the most primally intense experiences you will ever have in a videogame. You develop a relationship with the alien from panic and fear to a bitterness and rivalry. The game will punish you if you do not give surviving your utmost attempt, but the rewarding feeling in success is comparable to Dark Souls. Fundamentally thats how the game behaves, a survival horror game as brutal as an Souls. Furthermore the game is stunningly gorgeous, incredibly well optimized, and serves as the best Alien related product since the original film. For Alien fans, its a buy, for Survival Horror fans, its a buy, and for PC gamers its a buy for no more reason thats its an incredible game, from a dedicated studio, with a huge amount of effort put in for us PC consumers, and they absolutely derserve our graditude. 10/10"
76561198112054224,Recommended,214490,12405379,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fragment,The game seems very cool but I cant play it. I spent $49.99 on it like everyone else but it says my computer doesnt support it so i cant play it. Sadly.That was a waste for me anyway.But it still seems like a cool game.
,Recommended,214490,26922163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AdKode,I rate it 5/7
,Recommended,214490,26920111,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TherealWeirdJ,"I have been A die hard fan of the Alien series for years so much so that I even tried to get some fun out of colonial marines. So when Alien Isolation came along I through 'Oh survival horror how can they screw that up' I will tell you now this game is one of the best horror games I have ever played and thats not coming from and Alien fan thats coming from someone who has been waiting for a horror game to scare me like outlast did. So if your looking for cheap jumpscares just look away, but if you want atmosphere, tension and all around fear then pick this up."
,Recommended,214490,26943803,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MysteryNigma,This game impregnated my face.With joy.
,Recommended,214490,23801973,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,✩ Bright | ツ ✩,All I Have To Say About This Game Is....10/10 IGN RatingAnd •?((¯°·._.• ⓗⓐⓟⓟⓨ ⓢⓤⓜⓜⓔⓡ ⓢⓐⓛⓔ! •._.·°¯))؟•Steam Rewards*
,Recommended,214490,26931255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GagReflex.Barbie*,Captures the feel of the movies like no other has.
76561197971732753,Recommended,214490,26935958,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ICE_bel,This is a true thriller of a game
76561198107337636,Recommended,214490,26960291,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wheezy,"Not recommended if you value the ability to sleep at night... or have chlaustrophobia... But if you don't, well, then this is the game for you!"
76561198054394296,Recommended,214490,26960299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,brhodes402,"I'm nominating this game for ""Villian Most In Need Of A Hug"" award."
,Recommended,214490,12487585,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Halle,"I spent more money on new pairs of underwear, through my playthrough, than I did on buying the actual game.10/10"
76561198140813038,Recommended,214490,15263007,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Oggod,What I gave to Alien Isolation:SweatDedicationConcentrationPatienceTearsTimeWhat Alien Isolation gave to meThe greatest Sound Design ever produced in a video gameA brilliant looking environment with stunning replication of concepts from the original AlienA rather interesting story that fits with the Alien UniverseAI that can be truly terrifying most of the time but sometimes quite idiotic (especially humans)Very good voice acting all in allA mediocre ending although it could warrant a SequelParanoiaA moist seatThe Anger to physically assault my keyboard several times
,Recommended,214490,30883552,Posted: 1 April,all,The.GreekGod,just completed itand i must say its piece of art in stealth games <3want more of the goosebumps that this game gave me throughout the play...♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME !!!!
,Recommended,214490,25832096,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jericho,"I liked this game it gave me a very good scare through game. but one very glaring thing came ot me about the last half of the game. it is that you begin to feel a little frustrated that you constanly have to backtrack while being dragged or having to hide from the alien even though you get a weapon to fight it off. but half the time it is hard to find ammo for it you, try to use it as little as possible. But the game keeps throwing the alien at you with out a chance to rest and stock up. the reroute power thing felt useless and and you think a weapon like a railgun that shoot bolts could at least hurt the alien but nope.  and it got to a point for me thati just wanted the game to end but low and behold. i get dragged off agin only to have another freak accident on the ship to save me again for the 12th time and i get away, but again the same thing happens. so i woul have to give this game a 7/10"
76561198083924978,Recommended,214490,25829021,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,heshil.mohanlal,Epic...
76561198033684632,Recommended,214490,25717175,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Matttheloveox,LOVED it. Genuinely scary. Needed a rest afterwards. Beautifully put together. Not an all out shooter but if you loved the first film and you love tense situations this is an AMAZINGLY atmosheric game. You live it.
76561198117231634,Recommended,214490,25714443,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Woods,The game camera jumps up and down a lot it needs to be fixed but besides that the game is good
,Recommended,214490,25827517,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Braves,"I do like this game truely, but it doesn't run well with my computer (15fps-) and thats not the game's fault it's my computer. I did happen to get this on my Xbox 360 though, and i have to say that this game's story and plot are fantastic, great buy if you love the Alien series, horror games, and have a beefy computer that can handle this game with at least 30fps+. I'd rate the game 8.5/10, enjoy the frights... remember, ""You are not alone,"" and ""You always know, a Working Joe."""
76561198119540703,Recommended,214490,25816217,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mr_Popp59,Best Game 10/10
76561198024927760,Recommended,214490,25789195,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,dsudorion,"It's a pity that this game either crashes or freezes on the Mac version. I got as far as playing it for 10 minutes.. I'm pretty sure it's a wonderful game, but yeah.. it's quite pointless if you can't play it.."
76561198076334541,Recommended,214490,25516891,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Based Ace God,"Cannot escape or even hide from the Alien, 10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,214490,21075643,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,AceKing$ tache17,This game Is Like A Alien apocalips simulator it really gives the felling that someone is watching you.1st 5 minutes: any sound scares you30 minutes later: I pass all time in croutch because thos white robots SCare my balls off4 hours late: i just run away from everything and shoot everything....YOLO!!
,Recommended,214490,15267049,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,InspectorCub,A spectacular and thrilling experience.Just make sure your computer can run this monster!
,Recommended,214490,15262782,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Her,"I like it though it has a few glitchs, Great story."
76561198168555031,Recommended,214490,15134210,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ferrio_G,"A bit long at times, however, very much worth the play.  I litereally jumped out of my chair a few times while playing.  Truly immersive.  Somewhat predictable events, but still doesn't lessen the impact any."
76561198064978906,Recommended,214490,15134424,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Zeus,-Turned game on-Played for an hour-Never saw Alien-Heard cat meow♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myselfThis game is so immersive you don't even need to see the Alien to get scared.10/10
76561198089066108,Recommended,214490,15134437,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,YOUDON'THAVEENOUGHSCARABS,Add mod support and this could be a better game than aliens vs predator 2
76561198012278194,Recommended,214490,15134774,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tony Danza,Just bought this game and its good so far except it keeps freezing within 5 to 10 minutes of playing it.Anyone else have this problem?
,Recommended,214490,15135565,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Obus Wolf,I've had this game since release and the hours of gameplay show how scared I am to continue its story. The alien is so unpredictable and real you never really feel safe. I want to continue the intreaguing story the game possesses but don't have the balls to click the play button.
76561198185369429,Recommended,214490,15137830,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,denesdobai,First paid game of my life. I've got ot addicted instantly.
76561197989467885,Recommended,214490,15138191,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sephiroth,"Very true to the original movie. Atmospheric and enjoyable story. Not sure it has huge replayability but it was an excellent survival horror adventure.This game reminded me of Bioshock mixed with of all things the original Jurrasic Park game on super nintendo. Was just waiting for someone to say ""clever girl"" and would have been cheering on my feet. Devs if you read this replace the Alien with a velociraptor and I think there is another amazing game waiting to happen...8.5 out of 10."
76561198183957327,Recommended,214490,15138311,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,djrosso75,A Great Classic
,Recommended,214490,15139434,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Contron,"Get tounged by the alien and♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants simultaneously in more ways than one. Thoroughly recommended for any Alien fan, it hits home very well and compliments the original movie."
76561197967640894,Recommended,214490,15124054,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Lupinwolf,"Well to say this is a amazing game is a understatement, to say this is a Fun game is Just wrong. In the 35 odd years i have been gaming this has gave the best Frights yet.This must be the most intense game i have ever played, It is in the same Catagory as Outlook but hell more Nerve Racking.The Graphics are amazing and the interactions between the charaters is really life like, to the point, One character raise's his eyes when thinking about something. They have done very well with the Facial animation.now the pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that is the Alien is something else. I played this on the Recommended Hard Difficult and so far have got to Mission 6 and it has killed me a good few times. It can move so fast that just when u think you have left it behind going in another direction it will walk out a door in front of you, Which gives for so Many Oh S**T moments.My best F**king Hell moment has to be the alien going out a door and going left, then me walking out a door and moving backwards looking down the path the alien went (using the Tracker) to turn around to be staring the alien right in the face.If ur a Alien fan like myself this game is a must, Infact i would have too say ""YOU NEED TO BUY THIS GAME"".After Thought:How can they Make a game like this where the AI is amazing, For someone else to screw up so badly with Alien: colonial marines, A game i was looking so forward too, that i never even bothered playing it again after seeing a AI get stuck when he was suppose to be helping me."
,Recommended,214490,15141222,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,atlasN7 #idling,I'm not even halfway through this game.And I already♥♥♥♥♥♥enough bricks to rebuild Iran.
,Recommended,214490,15132774,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Mastersergeant SticksNTricks,"10/10 will nope again.Seriously this game is truly terrifying once you get your hands on it and play it for the first time. Akin to Amnesia, the game really puts you into the moment, going for a more immersive and more atmospheric orientated game. Unlike amnesia, there is combat. But just because there is combat, doesn't mean its not scary. There are plenty of games, scifi or otherwise, that will put you in the mood that regardless of the fact that you have a gun, it will do you no good. Tension, build up, atmosphere and execution are all that requires for you to♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.And the truly terrifying part about this game is? The xenomorph will ALWAYS come back, searching each area for you or whoever dare treads the corridors. Which... is basically its hunting ground. (Watch the vents broh) ANd it is rather smart... if you can avoid glitching every once in a while.Overall, this is the best Esc button simulator ever."
,Recommended,214490,15133136,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ÐΓïƒ†ΣΓ,I like everything about this game. Play it. That is all.
76561197961570201,Recommended,214490,15133142,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Jinglepocket,"I haven't been this scared since the hotel in Vampire: The Masquerade.I really, really don't want this thing to find me.Please don't let it find me."
,Recommended,214490,15296482,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Nerd Of The Force,"I'm giving this sucker a 10/10! Good graphics and blur motion effects, VERY good story line, and intense heart racing horror throughout the entire thing! I also enjoyed the fact that it's not about fighting unless you have no other option. Hiding and strategy is the key to survival. The ONLY thing that was off, was the fact that we seen no queen. We seen TONS of eggs...But no queen. If you're a single player or thrilling horror fan, this is worth getting!"
76561198176077923,Recommended,214490,15302986,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Liveordie,ok game
76561198053920480,Recommended,214490,15308038,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Future Rick,"The perfect example of the saying ""Spend money on experiences"".  This game is an intensely terrifying experience."
,Not Recommended,214490,13278117,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Tiny Snek,"One word. Boring.So far everyone else I meet has a gun. I do not have a gun. Everone else I meet is trying to shoot me with said gun, of wich I still do not have. The game is dark, you can't see anything until you find the ""flash light"" or as I like to call it the I'm such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ peice of technology I drain the battery in 7 seconds. A bunch of people keep talking, but I could care less about their babble. The ""story"" they're trying to tell is just plane dull. An 8 year old has a more active imagination. Every piece of equipment I have found has to be repaired or maintained just to get the damned thing to work. There are no check point, just a really outdated crappy save system which requires you to wait 3 seconds just to save your game. The characters are so 2 dimensional that they're hardly worth remembering. I just call them by the only feature I can remember, such as Hot British Lawyer, Obvious Robot Man, Irish McDrunky (Who has a gun, but even after he dies you still can't have it.) and of course the character you play ""Slender, unrealistically thin helpless female character with big♥♥♥♥♥♥)This game is garbage, don't waste your money on it. Want something fun, go try out Colonial Marines, still a peice of crap but light years better than this stinker.2/10"
76561197984897940,Recommended,214490,13278211,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mr. Perky,Finally. the Alien game Alien fans have been waiting for.
,Recommended,214490,13278524,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Unknown,*Goes to hide from alien**slams locker door as hard as I can*10/10
,Recommended,214490,13278790,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Affa Cadabra,"Scary and immersive, this game makes you want to rip the Oculus off your head, but keeps you coming back for more."
76561198041132320,Recommended,214490,13279669,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Justbodies0311,"Successul hide-and-seek simulator! Im not even a huge survival horror fan and I am enjoying this game immensely. Instead of writing a thesis paper I'll keep this as brief as possible.1.) Creepy, they did a great job making that creature as scary as it is on the big screen. Actually more so, becuase here you get to witness the dammage the Alien can inflict firsthand. The music is also a perfect companion to the lanky xeno trolling around the space station. Overall environment and creature effects 10/10 easy day2.) Its challenging. You'll die...alot...but every time you need to devise a different plan to overcome the situation. I will say, that some of the deaths felt cheap, but those were few and far between. The AI in general is good. it gets more realistic the higher you increase the difficulty.3.) Time consuming. You'll spent alot of the game crouched, under a bed, desk, or in a closet, waiting for the xeno to get tired of looking for you. You will also spend hours passing through the same places in the station again and again making it seemingly redundant. It didn't bother me much. Its a space station, there are only so many places you can go, plus I loved wandering around looking at the scenery. Even the waiting never got old because you can hear the creature outside.Like I said, Im not a huge survival horror fan and it's got me hooked. Give it a shot, its definetly worth it."
76561197970812868,Recommended,214490,13279765,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Grifter,"I will say that if you are a fan of the original movie then this is for you.  If you like run and gun then this game isnt for you.  Detailed environments and great spooky situations.  Doesn't hold your hand the whole way and you have to figure stuff out yourself.  Avoid the desire to look stuff up on Youtube.  It is far more rewarding to figure it out yourself.What makes the first movie good is the same thing that makes this a good game.  You are undergeared and you will have to use that squishy thing between your ears.  For some it may not be a tough game, but I find myself immersed.  Considering the failures this series has had (yeah I am looking at you Colonial Marines), this is finallly at least one interpretation of the series that I can see myself playing to completetion."
76561198061073534,Recommended,214490,13280526,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Stormchaser,"Only played 3 hrs so far but really enjoying it. Immersion factor great with sound, music and visuals. The soundtrack when the Alien first appeared was more scary than the monster lol. Anticpation and the fear of the unknown works great. Got the goose bump action twice so far already...lol. Last game to do that was the first FEAR. How some critics on IGN rated this average I have no idea. They wouldn't know a great game if it hit them in the face with two sets of teeth"
,Recommended,214490,13280602,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Fake Rambo,"I've never written a review before but since I just beat the game the other day and enjoyed it so much, I kinda feel like I have to review this one.Being somebody who absolutely loves Alien, I really enjoyed this game. It's not as scary as I expected, but it still managed to scare me quite a few times. The environments are awesome and remind me of the first movie. I was always on edge after walking into a dark area. The story is good but there are a few things that don't make sense. My only real issue with the game is that I was bored with the game right after beating the main story. Survival mode and the DLCs weren't enough to keep me playing, but that is more of a personal thing. I'll probably revisit them later though.This is the best Alien game ever made and I'd give it a 9/10. If you like Alien and/or horror games, you should get it."
76561197960437902,Not Recommended,214490,13282509,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,THCMedic,Not that great very slow...
76561198006258729,Recommended,214490,13283021,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Rave,"Scary...Last time I had scares like this was while playing System Shock 2 when it came out...Played at night, headphones, lights off etc... wife walks in- nearly died of a heart attack..Definately recommended!!"
76561198021488322,Recommended,214490,13283275,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Cricinator,"Alien Isolation is now one of my top ten favorite games of all time, I give it a 10/10 (and it might be possibly one of the best games that has come out in this past decade).  In Isolation you play as Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen Ripley (from the Alien movies).  She goes looking for the flight recorder from the movie ""Alien,"" and then bad stuff happens.  The game took me roughly 24 hours to beat the campaign, and it is one of the most unique games I have ever played.  In a world taken over by military shooters and dragon slayers, this game felt like a breath of fresh air.  It is not a shooting game, sure there are a few guns in the game, but don't expect to go out guns blazing because you can't kill the Alien (whom I named Bob).  This is a true horror survival game, and I highly recommend it."
76561198153017223,Recommended,214490,13284180,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Phyr N0 EviL,I love this game its a scary game which I love about it
76561198144609968,Recommended,214490,12787828,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rather Tasty!,"really fun, edge of your seat,♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants game. dat xenomorph tho..."
76561198036191595,Recommended,214490,12789104,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,BoriMex,"Finally a game that does not insult the Alien franchise but enhance it.I'm 36 and have all the Alien movies, comic books and read some books about aliens, I had collected some toys as well, simply saying I enjoy the Alien SCI-FI horror franchise since I was a kid. I have also played all the alien games and I have to say this is hands down the BEST Alien game adaptation to date. It's incredible how it captured the movie feel and looks so perfectly and to translate the film into another medium its simply amazing. I can only see the Alien games becoming better from here on out.IGN criticize this game as repetitious and my opinion is every game adopts a formula and it becomes repetitious so IGN can put a sock on it and now I wonder if IGN is just retaliating against Century Fox Studios for not paying them for better reviews. This game did a phenomenal job at giving you a full participation inside a movie, a game that felt as real and more scary than the films.Also the first Alien movie they show the same space-station that looked like 3 sky scrapers meshed to each other but the film failed to show just how vast the station is and this game took that station and gave you a full  tour on its background and corridors. It was like filling the blanks.Game rocks."
,Recommended,214490,12822346,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ampersammich,"As many have already stated, this is a positive step for the Alien franchise. It was a fantastic survival horror title, and although may have several places that could have been cut short, a must-play for anyone who enjoyed titles like Outlast or Dead Space. It feels like the result of those two titles having a horrifying baby.For a more in-depth review, visithttp://fovgames.com/2014/10/13/alien-isolation/"
76561197994935298,Recommended,214490,18764218,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,I am the cheese,"Hell yeah!  If you like 1st-person survival horror then definitely check this out, although you'll end up spending a lot of time hiding in lockers and trying to remove that pee smell once the Alien leaves you alone, although not for long...."
,Recommended,214490,18752848,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,WELL....Hello Sailor,"It's kinda spooky,"
,Recommended,214490,18752972,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Brownie,"This is one of my best games I've played! It definitely has some replayably value in it. From the beginning to the end, I felt the whole game was memorable and fun. I will never forget those times when I had to sit for serveral minutes because the Alien wouldn't go away! My only concern is that once you figure the Alien out and know your way around the map, the challenge of the game seems to diminish rapidly. It's a great game nonetheless. Now go get it!"
76561197978505533,Recommended,214490,18795019,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Aryin [DR],"I just love this game ... and I hate it.From the first moment on and onwards it has kept me on the edge of terror(ish), the perfect mix of great graphics, sound and that cinematic feeling throughout the game. I have to admit that I have to take breaks every so often just to calm my nerves.It reminds me of the time I played through Clive Barkers Undying - same thing there, all those small nuances in sound and graphics that make your hair stand up, and shivers pulsing all the way through your body.Can't help but love it, but then again, I do love the Alien movies through and through, no idea how many times I've watched them.""This is Ripley, last survivor of the Nostromo, signing off""/A"
76561198133023726,Recommended,214490,18775802,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fabsolutely Tanfastic,Pooped My  Panties Ripley is a loud son of a ♥♥♥♥♥Still Playing spent 25 Hours In  a locker Played 25.2 (When i reviewed This)
,Recommended,214490,18779207,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,wright.william5797,VERY FUN
,Recommended,214490,18779254,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Wormwood,"Although Alien: Isolation is a fine horror game - nailing, especially on Nightmare mode with limited crafting and motion tracking, true survival horror, combined with the sheer terror of being hunted by a truly alien monstrosity - the greatest strength of this gem is in it's atmosphere and setting. Everything - from the font used, to the CRT monitors, to the use of the Semiotic standard - pulls you into the Sevastopol Station and the Alien universe. You really do feel like alone on what truly looks like an industrial, commercial and residential space station. More often than not, I had goosebumps not from the tension of being stalked - although that is ever present - but from seeing something that was just so well placed, like the vent system mirroring that in the original Alien film, or the condensation from the cooling towers later on in the game. The music, like all good video game music, just heightens that appreciation, and the ending credits theme especially is wonderful.Of course, there are flaws, even in something which I rate as one of the best games of all time. The principal flaw is later game pacing - you go from area A to B to accomplish C, and then a catastrophe happens that necessitates a repeat of the cycle. There are points in the game where you think ""Ok, surely that's it done"", only for some new twist of fate to occur. Amanda is probably the unluckiest woman in the galaxy. This is not a critique of length - I enjoyed every second of the game. But at times it feels 'stilted' in structure. Another issue is that xenomorph AI can be be pretty poor at some times, and it does get a little frustrating on the later levels - particularly Chapter 17 where it can get a little silly. But for every slightly frustrating part, there's areas - like Chapter 14 - which make this game so memorable.The DLCs are actually quite good, surprisingly. I'm not one to condone this sort of system, but scenarios such as Crew Lockdown, which place you on board the Nostromo, are great for fans of the original Alien film.If you're a fan of immersive settings, science fiction, the first Alien film, or are a horror fan looking for a meaty challenge (Nightmare, in particular, can be rather brutal) with intensity and suspense, then Alien: Isolation will appeal to you. Enjoy one of the most captivating experiences in gaming."
76561197970364376,Recommended,214490,18774126,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ablazespace,"At first the game kept crashing for me before I even saw the main menu. Only got the game in window mode to run - until I disabled Team Viewer which was passivly running in the background. After this, those first issues were gone. After some hours of playing I got dramatic performance impacts - which enforced me to restart the game (my 16 GiB RAM were full). On the other hand, not many games get me to play multiple hours in row. The game is fantastic if you love the Alien franchise. Impressive graphics and audio effects, sweet gameplay for someone loving the Thief-games."
76561198012854670,Recommended,214490,18136161,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,FelCros,"Edit: It seems to be fixed. Now a -working-, excellent horror game with a keen understanding of how to build fear. No save scumming, a good grasp of narrative structure, and an alien that does justice to its movie predecessors. Better than Alien 3.I'd like to enjoy this games rich environments and engaging story, but every time i use a rewire tool i have to reload my game. two words ppl: beta, test. Very disappointing."
,Recommended,214490,18737612,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Turbo,"This has got to be one of the most stressful games I've ever played, and I mean that in a good way.  This game takes away your sense of security and dangles survival in front of your face countless times.Great story line worthy of the Alien franchise that adds to the lore of the WY universe.Even without the Oculus Rift this game immerse you in a very well rounded environment.Great cast, great sound design, great soundtrack, great lighting, great environment and great game mechanics.I would recommend this to anyone."
76561197973953015,Recommended,214490,18808802,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,fabienco,Fantastic game! Get the sequel going guys!!!
76561198010649037,Recommended,214490,18825704,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Aden,I have got to say this has been thrilling. The graphics are great and the atmosphere is intense.Completed this on all difficulties which AsI throughly enjoyed this. Let's hope they do a number 2. Mods and map packs should be free though.
,Recommended,214490,18803971,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,nice bice,"This game is basically Amnesia but with weapons for a long time in the game. The whole point of Amnesia is to have no weapons and constantly having to run from enemies and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥scared. In that sense the alien is one of the things I got the least scared of. It's just a game mechanic; ""ok, the alien runs there, then I have to crouch here to finish this room.""However, this game is good. It's not the best but with all the nostalgia from the Alien series, coupled with beautiful scenery once you've explored more in the game, it's definitely thrilling. And you will get scared from other things in space when playing.There was some thing that we're annoying - that was obviously put there just for the story to work out; e.g: small row of bags that you can't walk over (like wtf, it's just one small step) and doors opening and locking seemingly at random. But looking back at the experience I most remember the fun moments of the game; when things took an unexpected turn, or I was just awestruck by some particular view of the huge and lonely place that space is.Buy it and play it if you like the Alien series. It took some time in game to fit in the game related to the movies. By that I mean that when I see something new from the Alien universe I always try to gauge how possible the new information is in relation to the movies. Maybe some can, but I can never, stop doing that. But after a while you realise that the plots go together. The game actually adds some to the movies in a way that's just brilliant.My ratings:Scenery 9/10Game mechanics 5/10Story 8/10Feelings of immersion 9/10Character development 8/10PS. you will probably also clench your fist and yell at Weyland-Yutani somewhere in the game because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they are - just like in the movies. ds"
,Recommended,214490,18804666,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,NickGott,"If you have any interest in survival horror, the alien series, or just great video games you owe it to yourself to play this one. This might be the best survival horror title since Amnesia, it might even be better."
,Recommended,214490,18803427,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mattscarface,If you love the Alien franchise then you simply can't go wrong with this game... Seriously!!
,Recommended,214490,13271704,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Crispyhardt,"10/10this has such great detail to the original alien, it runs amazingly but theres some issues.... and... THE FEAR IS REAL... scariest alien game ever just as it should be :)10/10"
76561198091866791,Recommended,214490,13275700,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,lugidalmerkia,"I can definitely recommend this game, if someone likes Alien, and stealth-games. This game mechanichs lead the player to an awesome adventure. I didn't find this game scary, though. Controls bit dodgy sometimes, but this thing doesn't destroy the gameplay. I missed a minimap, and time freeze during the radial menu, but I have enjoyed the game."
,Not Recommended,214490,13276572,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Surely Hemple,Its bad
,Recommended,214490,13276745,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Pooh Bear,"THIS GAME is amazing, the graphics are ponominal and the story is just perfect cause this game makes me more creeped out than five nights at freddys"
76561198027080001,Recommended,214490,13299857,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Karkona,"The game is not perfect. It is pretty good, I would give it a 8 out 10. I would point out that it is a somewhat long game and I appreciate it, I am tired of the new games being too short."
,Recommended,214490,13291427,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,theromulans,"Do you like the Aliens movie franchise? This game is for you. Do you like Survival Horror games? You're probably going to like it too!This isn't a perfect game, but it's a game I've fallen in love with - the art style, sound effects, voice acting and the Alien AI are all entirely convincing, well polished. This is a world I am glad to have gotten a better glimpse into. I've always loved the style of the Alien movie in particular, being able to feel like a part of that universe is an outstanding achievement.Would have loved to have seen more randomness in the environment outside of the Alien itself - but what we have here is already enough to win over any fan of the survival genre. Would also be keen to see them smooth the interface when you can interact with objects too - a minor one, but one that kept coming up all throughout the game.I'm entirely pumped to see what Creative Assembly can do to follow this game up - there's plenty more of this amazing universe to explore, and this game has certainly reinvigorated my love for it. Definitely recommended - I'm already looking forward to a second play-through / achievement hunt."
76561198034782971,Recommended,214490,13259675,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Doctor Innocuous,"Less like a horror game set in the Alien universe, more like a simulation of being hunted down by a xenomorph. Any fan of the movie can rejoice, that is after s/he's done screaming and panicking like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. The other enemies (androids and a few jackass humans) aren't that inspiring, sadly. The game is almost entirely a stealth game though it does have some cool weaponry. Even through the more dull and less terrifying parts the game can entertain, but when the xenomorph is hunting you down it shines like a true gem. The beggining is slow but if you wait until the med bay you'll see what i mean, that Alien is downright♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If your a fan buy it now! Otherwise BUY IT NOW!"
76561198051122648,Recommended,214490,13304511,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,caridian70,"alien isolation is a great game,realy good graphics and  effects."
76561197980165784,Recommended,214490,13304686,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Deads3ttt,♥♥♥♥ing brilliant
,Recommended,214490,13304792,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Roverin,"This game is truly an experience.We're used to modern video games running and gunning us through 10-15 hours campaigns. But not this game. Hell no.Graphics:This game is gorgeous. The way the light softly shines upon steel walls, casts shapely shadows on doors and adjacent objects is simply marvelous. Particle effects such as mist look brilliant. Skin tones are beautiful. Motion capture is great, but the lip-syncing is a little last gen (except in pre-rendered cutscenes). The game really pulls on its 80s sci-fi roots. Control panels and displays are modelled from a pre-windows era, minimal GUI and low-res displays. It's truly a marvel.Sound:The Sound is amazing. It muffles when objects outside the room make noise. Every sound feels like an enemy. You feel as though any noise in the immediate vicinity will alert anything to your position. But even more: The sound of the Savastopol leaning and croaking is utterly tantalising, add to it the sound of creatures moving around in vents above, or the sound of your motion-tracker pinging you when an enemy moves into range. AS much as it's your enemy, your hearing is your line of defense when creatures come nearby. Voice work is fine as well. However, the sound mutes whenever you open a menu, which really breaks immersion, especially since you'll need to check your map. A LOT.Gameplay:This is the bulk of this review. Gameplay is comprised of navigating spaces with the alien (or another being) Nearby. You must use sound cues, your motion tracker, and anything else to use whatever is in the level to complete your objective. But it isn't as simple as that. This game will punish you for no reason other than because it hates you and wants you dead. It will place objectives on other sides of the map from eachother. It will not immediately reveal unseen map locations unless you find a map terminal. Sometimes it asks you to input codes, start generators, or others without being detected. But most of all, this game asks for your patience. This game expects that you will hide in a locker for 2 minutes or more until the alien decided you're not there. This game expects you to know the map like the back of your hand (hence why you need to check it very often), to know where the alien is at all times, and to have the means to carry out your objective. You may be granted an opportunity from the heavens where it crawls into the vents (and hence cannot see you) and you must take the opportunity and move like hell before it comes back down. Eventually you learn to hold your motion-tracker, walk, and focus your eyes on the action and monitor your tracker whenever it pings. But don't get me wrong, YOU WILL DIE. A LOT. You may be scared, A LOT, but eventually, it gets old. This is so unfortunate, but it's hard to put up with this for 20 hours, with little variation to the gameplay. But as I said, this game wants your patience.Summary:I wish this was a good game. I really do. But it's story doesn't quite hit the mark, and the gameplay can get old after too long. But all-in-all, I'd give this game an 8 out of 10."
76561197970459831,Recommended,214490,13239854,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Got Kevlar™,"Its pretty good so far.  Its creepy so when i am playing, i am not looking at if it is fun or not.  I am more focus on if something is going to jump out and rip my face off.  But so far, I like it a lot."
76561198021316669,Recommended,214490,13242161,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,LazerHawk,"Strongly Recommended for fans of the original film. This game does so much fan service it's simply outstanding. This game is ""Survival Horror"" and with that being said, it is not a run and gun game...  It's you trapped in space, with something very bad trying to kill you, along with other threats. It's a stealth, edge of your seat game. Immersive and very intuitive. If you go into it with an open mind you won't be disappointed. This game deserves much higher ratings. It delivers on exactly what it promises and more. The last games I played that I enjoyed this much, that had as high of production values, and polish would be Skyim, Xcom, and Farcry 3. Get it... turn the lights off, put on head phones... and dive in.The DLC - So far regarding the DLC I shelled out the xtra bucks for all of it. With my specific interest being the Crew ependable, and last survivor... content as it is a recreation from the original film. Was it worth it the dough for the DLC? Probably not... the content is much quicker, and feel's almost like a ""demo"" that being said. If you really want to play those particular scenes. Do it."
76561198051916598,Recommended,214490,13242255,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rambo Style,The only thing i didn't like in this game is that the Alien cannot die and there is only one alien per map...
,Recommended,214490,13243618,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,drunkenleperchaun,Terrific Environment and Spectacular Play. Nice Survival Horror game to start of with for those who never played a survival horror game before.
76561198108362816,Recommended,214490,13245103,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dan1el1993,This game is brilliant quite possibly one of the games of the year just dont like the save system otherwise a must buy.
,Recommended,214490,13398471,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Left at Death,"Great game that turns the stealth genre on its head. Many people like to play a stealth game and never be seen (Splinter Cell, Metal Gear Solid, Deus Ex) but you can't do that in this game. The alien is constantly hunting you, making it so you can't ever be the master of a level. You aren't the most powerful badass in the game and you can't kill the entity stronger than you.Overall, there were some tough parts. Looking back though, each large chunk of the game has different pacing. First its calm and explorative, then its restricting and very tough through Chp 10, then its calm for a bit, finishing with a nice mix of tough and easy parts. It was like a well designed rollercoaster. Haven't played a game like it."
76561198006510296,Recommended,214490,13497490,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MK_ZeroSix,"When I bought the game I wasn´t sure if it was my kind of game, but because I was looking for a new horror game and because I really love Alien since I saw the first movie I decided to give it a try.I just started it a second time and for the second time the opening cutscene gave me a chill. Alien Isolation is one of the best games I have ever played. I never had this kind of gameplay befor, you´re given the possibility to attack but if you ever do you will die nearly everytime. Or you can hide, let the fear flow through you and pray to survive. The fear you feel is different than for example the one in Dead Space, where you are scared to be frightened. In Alien Isolation you´re afraid to die and you can´t do anything against it.The athmosphere is remarkable and in combination with the gameplay you´re given an unbelivable experience. You´re not given the shortest moment to relax. The Alien is everytime everywhere around you.I don´t know if it´s just me because of my love for the entire Alien Saga, but I am always full of anticipation for the moment the Alien will finaly show up, but when it is there I wish it would vanish as fast as it appeared.Even the ones who don´t like games where you have to sneak most of the time - and here I include myself - play it it is totally worth it. An unbeleavable game and my favourite game of 2014!"
,Recommended,214490,13444587,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,CaptBennett,"This game takes you to the outer reaches of space and fully immerses you into the Alien universe. The lore that backs behind this game is amazing and the enviornment really supports the suspense backed behind the robots and Aliens. Overall, it's a fantastic game hat is one of my favorite single player games."
76561197960954808,Recommended,214490,13445927,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Duck,My heart was absolutely pumping from beginning to end :D loved this game!
,Recommended,214490,13490522,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Michael42424,"This game has so far a good story line and starts out very slow. it does so to biuld anticipation for what will happen so expect to play the game for half hour or more before anything really exciting happens. Its meant to be played on the most difficult setting for a true experiance. having the remaining crew left on the station who is in the same situation as you, never knowing who to trust and very skittish, as well as adding an unscripted Alien AI who learns your habbits and evolves its tactics to kill you each step of the way and with very few weapons with an extremly limited ammo makes for a horrifying experiance, the music is also unscripted and changes according to your actions. mostly there is no music at all just the sounds of the environment around you. The music is key to survival. However, the biggest draw back... its a survival horror game on a space station being hunted by an unscripted alien AI that scampers around the station from all directions hunting you through corridors, air ducts and such and no 5.1 or 7.1 surround support?"
76561198081241636,Recommended,214490,24468769,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Sasquatch,"I need new pants.I haven't been this pant-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ terrified since I watched the first Alien at 13.I can't say anything here that others havent already said in terms of the graphics, storyline, and gameplay, so I will simply reiterate what others have said: this game is a masterpiece.Definitely recommended. Just make sure you've got a little liquid courage close at hand. You're gonna need it."
,Not Recommended,214490,24678114,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,bretvh,A must for ALIEN fans.  Xenomorphs exclude.
76561198033945314,Recommended,214490,24032656,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bread,10/10 wouldn't play again
,Recommended,214490,24036376,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,alanmarchman,"This game is terrifying as hell. You will spend a lot of time hiding under tables and inside lockers. You will die a lot, sometimes unexpectedly.But this game is just brilliant.Finally we have a proper Alien game, one that doesn't put you in the role of a marine, or shoehorns in the Predator franchise to fill out the game.The game's look and feel is outstanding. Our future deserves monochrome CRT screens, data still on tape and creepy murderous androids.Definitely a buy."
76561197970900019,Recommended,214490,24060034,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hitman46,"This is easily the best Aliens game I have ever played.  That may not necessarily be speaking high praise, but it was a good game.  The tension was nice; the xenomorph is basically an unstoppable beast that you always need to avoid.  Humans are more of an annoyance than any type of threat."
,Recommended,214490,23981615,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tuma Taco,"If you are a fan of Alien, Space and /or  Horror games in general, get this you will not be disappointed"
76561198155935559,Recommended,214490,23980837,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,konone,If you like to touch cloth this game is for you
76561198173041458,Recommended,214490,24049563,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,_N00bSkillzZ_,A very nice horror game experience
,Recommended,214490,24050453,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pefoefer,Positives+ Stunning Visuals+ Good Sound Design+ Very Immersive Experience+ Love the crafting system+ Good StoryNegatives- Very few save points.- Ran into a bug at the very start of the game that I had to correct by reloading a save.
76561198029443564,Recommended,214490,23971293,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,trevstryder1,some good scares and action! Graphics are amazing too! A must buy!
76561198069801102,Recommended,214490,24064338,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The only row,The best survival game out there. Truly terrifying with the difficulty of black souls. You will be terrified as the alien hunts you down and you try to out smart the hunter.
,Recommended,214490,17101463,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,FoxTwo,I'm too scared to continue the game :p10/10
76561198008825121,Recommended,214490,24109772,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dirkki,"So scary, that I'm too afraid to play it..."
76561198139006148,Recommended,214490,24106120,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dr. Ambiguous,"Quick Breakdown:A survival horror game with a heavy emphasis on stealth, as you must evade the Xenomorph, utterly helpless in a direct confrontation. Terror lurks around each corner, with a thrilling, scary atmosphere.Length:18-22 hours (Main game), 25 hours (Main + extras)Genre:Survival Horror / StealthScore:8.5/10Review Date:2016-07-05Full Review:I’m a big fan of horror, and having digested so much of it, it’s very difficult to find something truly terrifying. (That and it being only a movie/game makes it nigh impossible to find any media genuinely frightening).Alien Isolation(AI) is about the closest I’ve had a game come to that. Having the game set in theAlienuniverse certainly helps. Set 15 years after the first movie, Ellen Ripley’s daughter, Amanda, comes along on a trip to the space station Torrens to find the lost flight recorder from the Nostromo, the ship carrying her mother that disappeared years ago.The story for the game isn’t fantastic; neither are any of the characters, but it’s more than enough to move the game along. Thankfully, what there is helps set the atmosphere without issue. After arriving on the Torrens, you find it deserted and in shambles. You don’t know why, and you don’t know what’s going on. You become stranded on the ship and separated from the rest of your crew at the get go, and you set out to find out what’s going on and find the rest of your crew.The game is set in a first person perspective, and it’s put to good use immersing you in the game. The beautiful looking environments, often dimly lit metallic corridors and rooms, cramped aid ducts, and whatever locker you can manage to hide in for a meantime. I can’t impress enough just how wonderful the game looks, even down to the simple environs.What makesAIso effective as a horror game though is just how utterly helpless you are. The Xenomorph is an unkillable predator, you’re resigned to creeping around, being careful not to breath to loudly, lest you alert the Alien to your presence. Loud noises, sudden movements, any action you perform can serve as a neon sign to the Alien where you are. If it spots you, you’re as good as dead, unless you can manage to stuff yourself in a locker, or successfully hide in an air duct long enough for it to think you got away. About halfway through the game you manage to find a flamethrower, but even this can’t save you from being hunted, though it is effective at temporarily scaring the Alien away long enough for you to get to safety.The Alien isn’t the only threat aboard the Torrens, but it’s certainly the most lethal. Occasionally you run into other survivors aboard the station, not all of which are friendly. There are also androids roaming the station, known as Working Joes, they’re intended to help humans, but some of them have gone rogue. The Alien will sometimes attack the other humans, but will completely ignore the robots. Hostile robots can be dispatched, but it’s a challenge to do so, and they pose a major threat to the player; though they are unable to instantly kill the player like the Alien does.You can acquire various items to assist your adventure on the station, weapons, such as a pistol and a flamethrower can be used offensively, while noisemakers and flares can be used as a distraction to divert the Alien’s attention away from yourself, allowing you safe passage through an area. (Distraction tools were something I didn’t utilize much until late in the game, and they’re incredibly useful, so I recommend figuring out how to effectively use them early game). Items (including medkits used to heal yourself) can sometimes be picked up around the station, but most of them time you must craft them using various materials you scavenge from the Torrens. Crafting is a simple system done from a menu, of simply assigning the parts needed to the item, but it’s done in real time, meaning you can be attacked and killed while you are crafting, so it’s best to always find a safe place to do so first.This goes for any other action performed in the game, such as reading logs, hacking computer systems, cutting open emergency panels, and anything else that isn’t a cutscene. You are always vulnerable in this game, and no place is truly safe, not for long. Threats are always present, and you must be ever vigilant if you aim to survive.Navigating about the station you must crawl through air ducts to find a way around a locked door, or complete various mini-games to hack open electronic based locks. Being in constant danger even when performing these tasks just helps add to the horror of the game.Saving is done only at select points, represented by a certain type of terminal. While it can sometimes be annoying to be unable to save at any point in the game, and dying and being forced to redo certain parts of levels can get frustrating, it manages to work with the game, dying has greater consequences because of this method, which meshes well with the horror element.The game is very slow going, what with creeping about the Torrens to avoid detection. This can make the game feel much longer than it is, and while it does drag at some points, it’s largely a tense adrenaline filled ride. The Alien doesn’t show up right away, making its first appearance gripping and unexpected. The game takes its time getting there, holding the threat of the Xenomorph over your head for hours, until it’s good and ready to finally hunt you down.I spent around 22 or so hours completing the game, though I did my initial playthrough on hard mode, since it’s how the developers said it was intended to be played. Playing on normal difficulty likely would’ve shaved off about 4 hours from that. I can’t speak to normal mode, but hard mode certainly had parts that befitted that difficulty.I bought the Season Pass, which grants a pair of short campaign DLC’s (Last SurvivorandCrew Expendable) which are set during the originalAlienmovie. They’re more a fun treat for fans of the movie than must have content, but I enjoyed them for the short romp they are (30-60 minutes each).The rest of the DLC adds bonus Survivor Mode levels, which I didn’t much bother with. Survivor Mode pits you against a time limit to complete various challenges as you evade the Alien. I briefly tested this mode out before deciding that I needed a break from the game, but it’s there if you desire more.As for which DLC to get, I’d recommend the mini-campaign ones if you’re a fan of the originalAlienmovie, while the Survivor Mode maps should only be purchased if you dig that mode. The Season Pass is the best bang for your buck if you want all the content, but I’d recommend getting the base game by itself first, playing through it, and then buying either the Pass or the select DLC’s that you want the next time they go on sale.Alien Isolationis a fantastic survival horror game, with heavy emphasis on each of those words, forcing you to sneak around just to stay alive. It’s a worthwhile go for anyone who loves either horror games orAlien, and it’s a game that’s best be played at night in the dark."
,Recommended,214490,24111418,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jjetty,"As both a Gamer and a Sci-Fi Nerd, I've played my fair share of Alien games and watched all of the movies. So far, Alien: Isolation really takes the cake in regards to the games. Although I'll admit the story and its ending leaves me with something to be desired, the fact that it was built so true to the film made in 1979 really makes up for it that. Virtually nothing in game was out of touch with that era or that movie as far as I could see, and anything that came close was a means to expand on what most call a ""retro-future"" world where things like iPhones and LCD Touch Screens never existed, and keyboards were still big, clunky...and durable. This is a refreshing thing as I never really felt that kind of connection with any of the other games Alien(s) games I've played.The game-play is also refreshing in the sense your not a Jar-Head with a pulse rifle and a hoard of Xenomorphs to fight, but an ordinary person trying to survive one with whatever tools you come across and in a situation where violence isn't rewarded, but penalized. Conventional (non-Military) weapons such as pistols and shotguns don't really work on the Alien and when youdouse them on anything else it often aggravates the Alien forcing you to take cover or use a flamethrower on it (which will only scare it off).The only real disappointment as I mentioned before is the story. Although most of the story was pretty solid and made sense for most of the game, there are some plot-holes towards the end that left me scratching my head since it wasn't something I'd seen in any other Alien game or movie.Other then that, this game is definitely worth buying and something I recommend for anyone who likes Alien anything."
76561198012833532,Recommended,214490,24088868,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"The best game based on Alien franchise. If you loved this masterpiece of a movie, you gotta play this game. It is slow paced, stealth survival game FPS game and it gets really intense. Even just regular scared people will kill you easily when they spot you and consider you a threat, but what if you meet homicidal androids (everyone in Alien movies should already know, never trust android) and of course the Alien. You cant kill it, you cannot run from, you just have to hide, sneak around and pray to almighty that he wont make you shishkebab filled with acid. You might scare it away with flamethrower ocasionally but it will return more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥than ever. I really got chills playing this game due to perfect atmosphere."
,Recommended,214490,17902546,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Mahat,"If you haven't yet watched the movie (""Alien""), watch it. Before or while you play this game. The game is set after the events of the movie, and the story is just amazing. The graphic design is so great that it feels like you are in the same universe as in the movie. Also, the gameplay is incredible. It mixes combat, stealth and strategy in such a good way that I didn't feel like this when playing a game since HL 2 or Bioshock.It is TOTALLY worth it."
76561198022819738,Recommended,214490,24090283,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Macho Man,Too sour for the tower of power!
76561198031943630,Recommended,214490,24148792,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ricoam24,"Ignore my 14 hours...I have spent them all hiding inside a closet. Seriously though, if you are a huge fan of the movies like myself buy the game. Does an amazing job of pulling you into the world that you either feel like you are truly part of the alien multiverse or at least that you were a cast member in the movie. For how many times I have died I like to think I am part of the latter."
,Recommended,214490,24148114,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Deus Vult,"Best game I've played this year, 2016 ^_^. Any fan of Alien would love this game."
,Recommended,214490,24039105,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BloodHeron,"Alien is my favorite film.  I couldn't have asked for a better way to experience this universe in a game.Everything leading up to the release looked incredible, but I wasn't sure it was possible that a team was finally giving me exactly what I wanted. To my delight, I felt like I got to play in a world created by people who loved Alien for all the right reasons.Creating Seegson as an off-brand Weyland was absolutely brilliant."
76561198144670905,Recommended,214490,24039760,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Parzival,If you like the original Alien film then you need this game
,Recommended,214490,24018812,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Just | Oreos,"AMAZING GAME. I absolutely love this game. It keeps you on edge, give you adrenaline rushes, good scares, what's not to love?PROS: FANTASTIC GRAPHICS. AWESOME SOUNDS. Very good storyline, game keeps you on track with your missions so there is hardly any standstill or any point where you don't know what to do. Weapons are given at the right times so you're not left with something completely impossible to do, along the lines of that they give you plenty of ways to hide from and sneak past the alien. And most importantly it sticks to the Alien theme and fits in perfectly to the series. I could go on and on but I'll spare you guys,CONS(only 1): You need a very good gaming computer to run this. When I first bought it, it was very slow and laggy and I practically had to shut down every single thing running on my computer to run it. But then I got a laptop with 1 TB memory, 12GB RAM and CORE i7 and it runs great on here, you just need the right computer.I recommend this game to anyone, except the faint of heart: It will jumpscare you a lot. lolALSO THANKS TO MARKIPLIER FOR INSPIRING ME TO BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME! :)"
,Recommended,214490,24017416,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,evanryon,"Headphones on a must to feel the intense graphic nature of the game. Crouching inside a locker watching the space dust float by through the vents, you hear the thumping around the air vents surrounding you. Boom! You hear the screeching growl and a whip of it's tail against steel and then it comes into view! Lurking around it passes you as you hold your breath. Thud, bang, poof it's in the air ducts again. You feel the intense fear of the monster that was inside your closet as a child hauntingly reasserts it's memory fresh into your mind. By the third time of hiding in the aliens shadows you are no longer an adult. You are a child wondering when is that monster under the bed coming out to get me!"
,Recommended,214490,24169013,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Juan Deags,"Spend 10 straight minutes inside a locker because you are waiting for the best time to come out (totally not afraid...), only to come out and hear loud heavy steps towards you, press escape and load last save because you're literally too afraid to turn around.+atmosphere+graphics are amazing+great sound track will keep you on the edge most of the time+doesn't rely on jump scares to make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants+- game mechanics are good overall, but sometimes it's hard to climb into vents or throw 'bombs'+- althoug it as a good story, the last 60-90 minutes felt, to me, like they were trying to stretch game time by creating stupid situations.It's a must play for the fans of the survival-horror genre"
76561198093587107,Recommended,214490,24168532,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Viridian,Buy this game and try and not let the poo fly out of your body when you are playing one of the best movie tie-in games ever made.10/10 would alien again
76561198063647533,Recommended,214490,30860563,Posted: 31 March,all,Elly,"I think this game is very well put together. I am a big fan of the original Alien movie, and this game does a great job of getting the look and feel of the series. All with the help of a lot of the original sound, music, “props” and “areas” from the movie.So, if you’re a fan of the original movie as well, then, I would recommend trying this game.The “levels” are very well designed, and It doesn’t feel like a quick “reuse” for the sake of making the game longer, when you have to go to the same areas, multiple times throughout the game.The old-school 70’s and 80’s like computer systems and old text fonts used in the varies menus and terminals, also make it feel like the Alien movie.The only small negative thing I experienced was that the alien would sometimes glitch, and some of it would be visible in for example a locker you’d be hiding in.I played the game on the hard difficulty, as that was the recommended setting, and it took me about 18 hours of playtime to complete the game.Pros:High quality graphicsAlien atmosphereGood AIGreat balance of weapons and equipmentCons:Small clipping bugsOverall, a very well-crafted game :)"
,Recommended,214490,15453289,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,thehuskygt,"EDIT 9/3/2016I'm changing my review since last year.I still love this game, but I think I like it more now. Not only because I have a more powerful PC that can comfortably max out this game, but because I'm now doing something different than last year. Last year, although my review was very possitive, I really couldn't enjoy this game past Chapter 6, since I found it insanely difficult due to the unpredictable nature of the game and its A.I.Let me tell you one thing: If you hide and wait trying to read your enemy's movements, you are playing the game wrong. This is a game that rewards boldness. Yes; you might get killed by the Xeno, but it's going to be much less.This game is unlike any other modern game where it will hold your hand even in lower difficulties. this is a different kind of thing. YOu got to survive, but move forward. trust your instincts, the lighting, your ability to stay calm and how you read the motion tracker. Do this right and you'll find yourelf with one of the best horror/sci-fi games ever made since Dead Space.Pros:-Graphics (playing on ultra with a i5 K series 4.2ghz and a GTX 970)-Optimization (even my old rig with a i5 3.0ghz and a GTX 750ti could get 60fps on medium/high)-Sound-Music (you'll learn to hate those violins)-Gamplay-Atmosphere-Story-Faithfulness to the source (for early 80's kids like me, this is a nostalgia trip)-Controls (It's your choice, but I feel this plays better with Xbox One controller, despite being a FPS game)-A.I (Xeno)Cons:-Some people give up on this game without trying a different strategy (myself included last year)-Objectives are a bit hard to track sometimes, even if they show on the map. that is part of the game's mechanics though.If you play it right by thinking fast and being bold, and this game will amaze you. Play it wrong by chickening out or doubting and it will punish you severly."
,Recommended,214490,25387101,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,deathnot000,"Love this game. If there is anything I fear in this life, its this situation."
,Recommended,214490,25397277,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,kaylacuffe,"I'm not a big gamer, and aside from Portal and Half Life, this is the only game I've played. So, keep that in mind when I say that I love this game! The controls are easy to get a hang of, collecting parts and crafting items is a great aspect of the game. Multiple enemies with different ways to beat them is challenging. The tools to complete the game are interesting. Despite no quick save option, I still love the save terminals. The music and sound effects are great. And I've been killed enough times now that my heart no longer sky rockets whenever I get spotted and murdered. I absolutely adore this game and reccommend it to newbies like myself and experienced gamers."
,Recommended,214490,25357496,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ferdinandps,"I finally finish this game. I never heard of it until it was on sale on STEAM. I love it.I seldom play horror games, however Isolation deserve it. The game is as many know, very long, However the mechanics are well thought.I recommend this game to anyone but keep in mind this is a atealth game not a shooter."
,Recommended,214490,25368349,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kinanischka,"In Alien: Isolation, you are in the shoes of Amanda Ripley, a young engineer on a quest to learn more about her mother in a decommissionned space station... which rapidly turns into a game of cat and mouse between you (the mouse) and various lethal dangers. This is probably one of the best survival horror games released in the last few years.First of all, the setting is incredible, Creative Assembly went the extra mile in recreating the retrofuturistic look of the first two Alien movies when they meticulously crafted Sevastopol station. Every little maintenance panel covered with blinking buttons and every piece of dated yet advanced technology will remind you of the original films. The soundtrack is very much inspired by the film scores, and all the noises, from the creaking bulkheads of the station to the hiss of the alien, will quickly immerse you in an uneasy atmosphere. If you're a fan, you will be absolutely delighted by this fact alone. The director of the soon-to-be-released Alien 5 movie (Neil Blomkamp) actually referenced this game in an interview, saying the artists blew his mind and made him reconsider what he wants his movie to look like.The gameplay is also a work of art. Where some survival horror games remove weapons from you to make you feel powerless and heighten stress (SOMA, Amnesia, etc.), this one actually gives you a small arsenal of more or less effective guns and melee weapons to use. You might think this trivializes content, and sometimes it does, but there are some threats you will definitely not be able to eliminate through force. Namely, a ruthless alien which will constantly hunt you throughout the game. Where it can end your life swiftly, you are very much limited in what you can do to fight back. Fire will keep it at bay for a short time, flashbangs will stun it, smoke grenades will disorient it, noise will distract it... but you will never be able to kill it.Another place where Alien: Isolation innovates is the actual AI of the Alien. On higher difficulties, it is hard to predict, and really knows how to keep you on your toes. You will have to adapt your strategies throughout the game as it becomes more aggressive.The technical aspect is really good as well; textures are high resolution and lighting effects are top notch. The modeling of the enemies is great and the performance is outstanding.Some drawbacks that professionnal reviewers might point out include the amount of backtracking and the pacing of the game. To me, these were really minor issues, if at all. The backtracking is always justified, and helped make me feel like I was really stuck on this nightmarish station, making my way through the maze of corridors to survive. Besides, the game does a good job of letting you discover new areas in old zones thanks to a set of tools that allow you to progressively open more doors as you upgrade them. As for the pacing, I welcomed sections where the Alien took a backseat. Typically, it was in these parts of the game that I took more time to take in my surroundings, listen to audio tapes, read the information on the public terminals... and there are other dangers than just the Alien in this game.Overall, Alien: Isolation deserves its place among the greats of the survival horror genre. Creative Assembly did an outstanding job and I can only hope for a sequel to this game."
,Not Recommended,214490,14645574,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,The_Vulcan,"Game is WAY over rated.You kill the first people you meet and they drop a gun, but you can't pick up gun WTF ?Go to the next room and a gun is waiting for you, seriously ?You can craft a bunch of stuff that you have no reason to ever use.Alien sees your dead.So crawl crawl crawl to make no sound and never been see.... fun ?  boring.Wish I didn't buy this one.Only reason I played as mush as I did is because I like to finish everthing I play.=================================I write this 1.5 years after writing the above.Yes it took me that long to come back to this game to finish it.Graphics are amazing 100fps on 2k.But I just wanted it over, its sooooo boring and repetative.23 hours to finish, of that 20 hours is just standing there waiting and waiting for alien to walk away so you can move again.ITS OVER.....  I BEAT THE BORDEM TO FINISH YOU..... YOU ♥♥♥♥♥...."
,Recommended,214490,30864099,Posted: 31 March,all,Pastah,The best horror game I ever played.
,Recommended,214490,27589340,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Michlo,Hugely immersive and well done.  One really feels as though one is in the world of the first film.
,Recommended,214490,27600465,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xar,"You can see that the developers poured themselves into loyaly representing the aesthetic and qualities that the Aliens Franchise is all about. This game oozes details drawn from the movies, and it shows beautifully"
76561198021416857,Recommended,214490,27600497,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Falk,This game still gives me some good scares.
76561197992628718,Recommended,214490,27601525,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bluexiii,Needs more lockers. 5/7. Would not recommend playing in the dark.
,Recommended,214490,27552002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trentk2000,"One of the only horror games I can actually play. Really tight and smooth gameplay, along with a very pleasing art style and a fitting story. The game makes great use of audio, and develops a really rich atmosphere.As you progress, you will find new things to craft, and new ways to survive, while not having an absurd amount of control over the Alien or other enemies. It's an excellent horror game - it isn't cheap, and is genuinely horrifying, frustrating, and aesthetically pleasing, all at the same time. It remains unpredictable - even after playing through the game completely, it still manages to keep you on you on your toes."
76561198054116967,Recommended,214490,27761206,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,I O,much scary very scared 10/10 would scare again
76561198119077254,Recommended,214490,27712722,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bigfun97,This game basically saved future alien games from being non existence.
,Recommended,214490,27742674,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Skar Of War,amazing
,Recommended,214490,27751762,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kfgodel,"Never felt so inmmerse in an alien world that I somehow knew.Even the extra content felt like I was part of the original movie.I recommend its gameplay and atmosphere.But be warned it's not a ""shoot everything"" game"
76561197993589983,Recommended,214490,27752423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Madash,"loved this game, especialy the clunky 80's feel to it all."
,Recommended,214490,27752983,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HamJoinsWill,"One of my favorite survival horror games. The Alien is the perfect monster to chase you down while helpless.The atmosphere and sound design on this game are top-notch. The gameplay itself is fairly basic, you hide, can run, crotch, etc. You can craft one-time use items that will aid you, but the Alien itself cannot be killed; only scared off. This creates a true sense of terror when you're down to your last moltov and have to decide if using it to distract is the right thing to do.This is the Alien game you were looking for."
76561197989472560,Recommended,214490,27738002,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sycorich,"Find locker (FOUND)Stay in for 10 years and maybe the alien has left.Step out locker.DEAD...Amazing game, looks and sounds like the 1st film and very creepy with headset on and the lights off."
76561198060645221,Recommended,214490,15682024,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kaotic_Operator,"played with the lights off....jumped many times. I was skeptical of buying this after getting Colonial Marines. This game is the TRUE Alien experience. Graphics are Solid. Beat the game, watched all the movies, played again. If your an Aliens fans this is the game to play. recomend"
76561197968820007,Recommended,214490,27728310,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rafcom1982,"Immortal antagonist,sweaty hands,jump scares,limited gun use,pyromaniac tendencies,malfunctioing androids,dangerously elevated blood pressure.A true Alien game made 35 years after the original.You'r into Alien then you'r into this. A must buy for every Alien fanatic!"
76561198029742615,Recommended,214490,12765568,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,(Kosic),"Really Alien movies experience, totally worth itThe best way to waste money on pre-release"
76561197984467308,Recommended,214490,27991964,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dargaard,"A must have for Alien fans.  Absolutely terrifying.  There are some levels that are made specifically for fans that non-fans will find a waist of time.  10/10 for Alien fans, 7/10 for non-fans."
,Recommended,214490,27992471,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,4KbShort,"As a person who cannot play scary games (Penumbra/Amnesia/Outlast) I found the idea od Alien Isolation to be scary to try, but I have to say that I am VERY impressed with everything in this game. From the design that mimics the original film props and sets, to the sneak, crafting, and survival mechanics and even the Metroidvania style of backtracking all of it fits together very well and doesn't resort to cheap ""jump"" scares as most games do. If there is a downside to the game it would be that it's LONG. But that's classic long not ""artifically extended to make it seem worth the price"" long of most modern games. I hope SEGA and other companies continue to make games like this.TL;DR:Positives: Suspenseful, entertaining, worth the price, replayable, a modern AAA title worth praising.Negatives: A touch long."
76561197973129601,Recommended,214490,31283024,Posted: 21 April,all,StefanWB,"I absolutely hated this game for the first 2 hours, and absolutely loved it for (almost all of) the last 18 hours.This game is a rarity in that it takes a beloved film and manages to transfer the reasons why people love the film into the game. It captures the coherent and consistent visual style of the film to create a grimy, utilitarian environment, and backs it up with a remarkable attention to detail and sound design that is not only reminiscent of the film but also utterly fantastic on its own merits. Then they took that audio-visual design and wrapped it around a stealth horror game with terrific set pieces, a badass protagonist, and an interconnected level design that really makes you feel like you're on a spaceship without resorting to making you go through the exact same locations multiple times without there being any differences or any reason to do so.The design of this game is really quite impressive, and it puts me in mind of one of my favourite last-gen titles - the original Dead Space, one of only a handful of games to capture the same sense of space being a lonely and utterly terrifying place. But whereas Dead Space was an action game, as you had more of an ability to fight back against the threats you face, Alien: Isolation goes in the opposite direction. While so many games have succeeded in drawing inspiration from the Alien franchise to create great games, almost all of them end up being reminiscent not of Ridley Scott's Alien, but of James Cameron's AlienS, with its big guns and . Isolation set out to be an homage and side-story to the original film, the 1979 horror sci-fi classic, and they absolutely nailed it.But the most important question regarding any game based on a film like Alien is this: is it scary? Does it capture the same intensity and atmosphere of dread that makes the film such a classic?The short answer is: yes.The long answer is: yes, absoHOLYGODTHEXENOMORPHISCOMINGHIDEINACUPBOARDHIDEHIDEHIDEHIDEOHCRAPOHCRAP.Now let me elaborate on my opening line. When I started playing the game, I was immediately blown away by the audio-visual design, and intrigued by the premise of playing as Amanda Ripley. But before long, the game started to frustrate me with its level design and set pieces. Several of the early missions force you into a position where you are almost completely powerless, and are at the mercy of the pathing and environmental awareness of the enemies. This results in a lot of trial and error, which brings me to the biggest reason why I began to hate the game: the lack of a quick save.In hindsight, forcing the player to save at certain demarcated areas on the map is a fantastic way to increase the tension of your encounters with the Xenomorph later in the game, and ends up being a positive, not a negative. But in the beginning, when you haven't even met the alien yet and you're just trying to trial-and-error your way through these rigid environments, having to restart because you got unlucky or made one mistake is incredibly frustrating. Quick save is included in games that require stealth and navigating the environment (Dishonored, for example), because it encourages trial and error by minimising the consequences of failure. In a horror game, quick saving makes the player a bit too powerful and in control of the situation, which is exactly the opposite of what you're trying to achieve. But in that case, the game shouldn't force you to play a stealth section with the same restrictions and disempowerment of a horror game when you haven't even encountered the thing you're supposed to be horrified of yet.Just how fed up and frustrated was I with the obnoxious and infuriating early missions? Enough to actually uninstall the game and write it off as a total failure. Fortunately, I was encouraged by a friend to give it another try, and I'm glad I did, because once the game starts to hit its stride, it grabbed hold of me and didn't let go. In truth, my enthusiasm did begin to waver towards the end of the game, and I think the pacing becomes a bit onerous. They tried to maintain the same level of game-ending tension and excitement for a bit too long, and they pull the same trick of ""thinking everything's finally okay, oh wait no its not it's still terrible aaahhh"" a couple of times. This conditioned me to expect the unexpected, to predict another sting in the tail, to the point where I was actually a little surprised when I finally got to the credits.So the short version of this review is this: in terms of capturing the essense of one of the truly iconic films, a seminal, archetypal masterpiece of sci-fi and horror cinema, and turning that magic into a videogame, Alien: Isolation is a massive success. As a videogame, divorced from that baggage and expectation, it might have been an all-time great if the game's introduction wasn't a big pile of wank and if they stuck a landing a bit better. But even with those faults it's a very good game, carried by incredible audio-visual design, well-designed levels and environments, and one of the most genuinely terrifying enemies in recent memory.And it still weird me out that this game was made by Creative Assembly. I guess this is what all their talented staff was doing when they should have been testing and refining Rome II.8/10"
,Recommended,214490,31226557,Posted: 18 April,all,◈Ł Џ Ņ Ǻ Ḉ Ƴ◈,"This game gave me a deathly fear of corridors. There. thats all i got. NOT FOR THE FAINT HEARTED, but itsfuuuuuuun."
76561198049362333,Recommended,214490,31284742,Posted: 21 April,all,SplashingMANGO,"Alien: Isolation is a superb game! The game balances combat, stealth and exploration quite beautifully and with its nostalgic soundtrack, level design and atmosphere it truly is a title to remember. Patience and careful thinking will win the day.If you're into survival horror this is a must. If you're into more action heavy games where all problems can be solved with bullets and C4 I would skip this one."
76561198255023681,Recommended,214490,31308726,Posted: 22 April,all,galactusyueh,"Wonderful game. If you're a diehard fan of the original Alien film, like me, this game was made for you.Bit of a learning curve and it's very difficult, but well worth the effort. I wish I hadn't started the game on easy mode, as the game is much more intense on hard."
76561198191748128,Recommended,214490,31328366,Posted: 23 April,all,MorningKiller,"Immersiveness = ExcellentLevel Design = ExcellentAccessibility = ExcellentDifficulty Scale = ExcellentStory = ExcellentGraphics = ExcellentSound = ExcellentGenerally = ExcellentI won't go into the details but to say, if you are in any way a fan of the Alien series, buy this game and it's DLC. Very rarely would I give a 10/10, but Alien: Isolation get's just that.Psychologically, at least for me, one of the most difficult barriers to the game was to convince myself that it was a game - the Xeno elicit's a real fear response whereby I could feel my blood pressure rise and my adrenalin response kick in. There was always this nearly equal / opposite reaction which had me wanting to just hide in a locker in perpetuity - it took self-convincing to stay on the move.Thank you Create Assembly - this is your finest work in my opinion.Please give us a sequel."
76561197974607607,Recommended,214490,30365030,Posted: 6 March,all,Slider149,"This game is fantastic.  Everything from the graphics, to the Alien AI is great.  If you watch ""Alien"" just before playing this you'll pick up just how many details they nailed making this game.  The first section is a little slow, and the last part feels like it drags on a bit, but for the most part I couldn't ask for a better Alien horror game.  This game genuinely scared the crap out of me on several occassions and the tension was so strong I had to play in short sessions at times.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214490,30346397,Posted: 5 March,all,Psycho Badger,"Games like this really make me wish steam had numbered reviews instead of just Yes/No.I got this game on sale and I think I got my money's worth out of it. That said, I think you should wait for sale.The game is good. It looks great visually and they really did stay true to the movie about ship designs and such. The story starts great, and the enemies creep you out.But after a couple of hours you will realise that all AI except for Alien is dumb as ♥♥♥♥, and the game stops being scary and just gets repetetive. It's always the same: get keycard, find code, climb thru went, repeat. Also, the controls for interacting are clunky as hell and take forever.It would be a much better game if it was a bit shorter.5.5/10"
,Recommended,214490,30346973,Posted: 5 March,all,Propanda,Fantastic horror game for fans of Alien its a must.
76561198074647661,Recommended,214490,30361078,Posted: 6 March,all,Full Cotton Jacket,"Without a doubt the best Alien franchise game made, and arguably one of the best video-games based on a film. Incredible attention to details, and -- more importantly -- an understanding of what made the 1979 film so great. It's the hide-and-seek suspense of the film, amplified perfectly by the game mechanics. Heck, even the odd QT-event works great, and I usually hate those."
76561197970329362,Recommended,214490,13519200,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ForceofRekoning,"This is a bad an awesome game, unbelieveable story and outstanding graphics coupled with atmospheric sound and you have every excuse to buy this game, turn off the lights, wear those head phones and be prepared for an eclestic unnerving playable experience.your chances of survival are nil....you have my sympathies."
76561197969248931,Recommended,214490,13522333,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Breakr,"Probably the best game of the Aliens franchise I've ever played.  Of course the reason for this is because it's not an Aliens game, it's an Alien game, based on the original and best movie in the series.  If you want a game where the Alien becomes just one more piece of bullet bait, play Aliens: Colonial Marines.  This game treats the Alien as it was meant to be treated, as an unkillable terror that is constantly hunting you.  What's more, the game makers have gone to incredible lengths to recreate the retro-future world of Alien, right down to the big CRT monitors and grinding 5.25 floppies.  I can even forgive the designers for padding the game out with scenes just designed to show off their work.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,13524506,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Snip3r4live,"AliIn Isolation ist  eine der besten Horrorspiele des JahresTrotz kleinerer technischer Fehler (Menge)  wie zum Beispiel die Charaktere die zu meinen Geschmack ein wenig zu Fahrt sind..Trotz allem ist die Atmosphäre zum Teil so dicht dass man sie schneiden könnte.Fals mann der alten Alien  Filme kennt.so erwartet euch ein spannendes Spiel mit dem Panik die des Aliens, die Furcht geschnappt zu werden und verspeist zu werden, und viele Frustmomente Die eure Nerven strapaziert da ihr das Alien nicht töten könnt.Hat das Spiel die Atmosphäre der alten Filme gut eingefangen."
76561197984857067,Recommended,214490,13524553,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,"5,6,7,8's",It gets fun once you get the flamethrower.
,Recommended,214490,13526090,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Happy :),"This game is so damm awsome , Creative Assembly really knocked it out of the park on this one .It freaks me right out so far and iv only been playing it for about an hour or so.Awsome voice acting and production values, it almost feels like you`re watching a movie at times :PSo worth the 60 dollars but i happened to grab it 50 percent off because i can wait lol i highly recommend this title to anyone whos new to the franchise or a returning vetran .This truely is the game that the fans have beeen waiting for. Ill be sure to update this when i beat thegamein all honesty its a 10/10 so far :):):)"
,Recommended,214490,13527854,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Tyger,"After the fallout surrounding Colonial Marines; I too was skeptical about Alien Isolation. I saw the pre-order as another scam, the 'rave' previews as more hype and generally presumed that this would be another over-hyped piece surviving purely on nostalgia value.I was wrong.So wrong.WRONG, WRONG, WRONG, WRONG.WRONG, WRONG, WRONG, WRONG!SO VERY WRONG!Instead of tackling the much-used Aliens and Colonial Marines; this game goes back to the beginning, reminding even Prometheus what made it such a classic franchise. It's not about being the uber-powered, overstocked, space marine but being the under-resourced, soloer trying desperately to survive a literal Alien environment.Alien Isolation is the sequel that never got made until now. Taking the original concept and playing off those same feelings of terror and 'isolation' that make the original movie such a classic. Rather than the over-used shoot-em-up formula this relies on a more Outlast run-an-hide from the bad guys.I bought this at full price after seeing just how intense it was. It's a must-have at any price. I only wish I could go back in time and tell myself; you won't regret this!"
76561197982401199,Recommended,214490,13528607,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,a guest,"Redefined survival horror for me, and the internet managed not to spoil some of the better surprises of this game."
,Recommended,214490,13605055,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,FrothyWaffles,"Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I said the word so much while enjoying the massive ""Alien Isolation"" the game is terrifying in every way and form, The Music, The Alien, And even the idea of being alone. With it styalized directly like the first ""Alien"" movie I felt an awesome feeling of being in the movie. The game is great if your PC can handle it!"
,Recommended,214490,13608382,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Luther,"Its a good game worth the money, If I could change anything it would be the aliens AI, He moves around way too much and stalks too close to where you are forcing you to spend more time hiding then anything else in the game.  If they could of made the alien more quiet and stealthy and less spazztic  it could of had a better feeling of dread sort of like with the slender games."
76561197992498441,Recommended,214490,13610780,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Apocalypse [URUZ 7],"Impressive Graphics, Impressive Story, Impressive all  hahaha   If you like survival games,  this is the game you woudn't want to miss! Highly recommended!"
76561198127463553,Recommended,214490,13590267,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ricky47,Best game ever
76561198008537828,Recommended,214490,13590982,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Papa Bear,"First time I encountered the Alien....his tail went though my back and ripped my face off.....the second time I encountered the Alien it grabbed me and bit a hole in me face.....wheres Hicks when you need him.   FYI screw what IGN and all others that said negavtively about this game, this is the best Alien game out there to date that stays true to the how things should be in the Alien genre."
76561198057077558,Recommended,214490,12529123,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,SYN_LT_dan,The dogs ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the ♥♥♥♥ing living daylights out of me  !!
76561198045763227,Recommended,214490,12529286,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Reaper_MDSI,one of the scariest in depth story games i've played. amazing!
76561198030390751,Recommended,214490,12452419,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Xaer,"Might be a good game, however it crashes every 3 minutes. Very latest drivers, Nvidia 970 GTX SLI, 4770K CPU, 16G RAM, Windows 7, no v-sync 120hz monitor. No other games crashes, including demanding stuff like Crysis 3 (@ultra). Dissapointed :-(Update:I have now removed one card to check the possibility of SLI being the culprit. The game still crashes at the same place every time now. Very close to the beginning where I'm about to cross some temporary bridge, across a hole of pipes, I fall down, the game freezes completely, and I need to kill it.Update 2:""Thank you for contacting SEGA Support Europe.We are sorry to read that you are encountering this issue with Alien: Isolation.Please try the following:- Completely exit from the Steam client.- Go to C:\Program Files\Steam (or the Steam directory that was specified during installation).- Locate ClientRegistry.blob and rename this file to ClientRegistryOld.blob.- Restart Steam to allow the file to be recreated.Once that's done, start steam again and reverify your game cache as shown here:1. Load Steam2. From the Library section, right-click on the game and select Properties from the menu.3. Select the Local files tab and click the ‘VERIFY INTEGRITY OF GAMECACHE…’ button.4. Steam will verify the game's files - this process may take several minutes.5. Once the process is completed, the Check Window will automatically exit.6. We recommend verifying your cache twice to make sure all files are fully downloaded""The game now runs fine and offers a scary atmosphere and runs well. Too early to tell if I will be tired of the sneaking around for hours :-)"
76561197960282791,Recommended,214490,12530583,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kyote,"Sevastapol station is a masterpiece of Alien-esque low-fi 70s tech, it's gorgeous and fun to roam around in, well, when you're not being bitten to death by a xenomorph or strangled by androids. Alien suffers from a case of padded-out length, by the end the sheer number of plans you've tried to execute that fail borders on the absurd. Nonetheless it's really tense, the alien is unpredictable and its AI is very believably predatory. It acts like it's hunting, not like an AI.If you loved Amnesia or Outlast and don't mind playing the same sort of thing with aliens and have 20 hours to spare, it's totally worth it."
76561198148317061,Recommended,214490,12530900,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,hedgehog00gundam,"This is the Best Horror/Survival Game I've ever had the privilege of playing! It was Terrifying Through and Through! It really kept me guessing, Every other chapter after chapter 11 or 12 I had that sence of Dread where you dare to ask""Is it over?"" If There was a star Rating system, I'd give it 5 out of 5 stars! I hope a sequel for this game comes out! The only faults I can possibly find are the occasional Game crashes which when they DO happen, it's AFTER the fact that you died and need to load a save, so these are not really a big deal."
76561197962560796,Recommended,214490,12532127,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,L1Ne,Pants were♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12533531,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,The Nipple Gummer,♥♥♥♥♥♥MONSTER GAH
76561198052281124,Recommended,214490,12533897,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Killakittie,"Playing this game transported me back to the day i first loaded up Resident Evil on my Sega Saturn. I screamed in terror as the zombie turned it's decomposing head to leer at me! Frantically i tried to escape only to run towards the end of the hall and died.Alien Isolation gave me a new rebirth, even if the reoccurance of feelings i havent experienced in a decade were not enough i find myself constantly paranoid to move out of my locker, constantly second guessing myself as the Alien AI toys with my emotional state! It hides right outside the room for over a minute luring me out into a false sense of safety only to  eviserate me imediately, leaving me horrified and exhausted.It's all around me, i can hear it in the wall's, i can hear it in the ceiling and on my scanner it moves with incredible speed. I have a long corridor ahead of me, and the Alien has been constanly toying with my mind. Everytime i decide to move out it moves into the area, seemingly taunting me, seemingly well aware! I make a slow crawl for the door as my anxiety reaches critical, i hear loud thumping approaching fast from behind i get up in a panic to run and dart down the hall as the beast screams from behind, right before the door i get impalled and a jolt shoots through my body as i let out a scream that even startles myself. My hands are sweaty, my heart is thudding, taking a break calms my nerves but for how long?Survivor horror is back."
,Recommended,214490,12456676,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TritoneSubSandwich,"Pretty freaking awesome game, but just saying that doesn't make for a good review. Here are a few points I would like to make:-First, it plays the part of a horror game flawlessly. The tight spaces and over-powered enemies make you feel incredibly vulnerable. The synthetics are creepy as hell, the humans are unpredictable, and the alien is a terrifying monster that can't be fought, only avoided. For that matter, fighting anything is incredibly risky. Every gunshot, yell, or footstep comes with the risk of drawing the aliens attention, something you don't want to do.-The interface isn't the best, but I think Creative Assembly did that on purpose. Trying to craft items while an alien is roaming around is really stressful when you have to click on 12 components before you can make anything. It can be frustrating sometimes, but there are moments where it adds to the panicky atmosphere of the game. I have mixed emotions about the interface of this game.-This game is really open, there are usually a number of different ways to tackle each area, and there is always plenty to discover. For example, in a given area, you may be able to throw a flare, distracting the alien and buying time to get past it. If you prefer to be stealthier, you could also restore power to ventilation doors and carefully make your way through ventilation shafts towards the destination, but be cautious, because the alien can crawl around vents a whole lot faster than you can. Finding all of the blueprints, components, and items in an area can be a chore. Sometimes, I find myself skipping over rooms that obviously contain useful items, simply because I want to leave the area as quickly as possible to avoid a confrontation with the alien (which would inevitably end with me dying).Overall, Alien: Isolation is a lot of fun. By fun, I mean it scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. This game has induced more anxiety in me than any other horror game I have ever played by far, probably due in part to me being a pansy when it comes to these things. I give this game a solid 4 stars because it is a frightening expirience, as it should be, but can be unnecesarily frustrating to use at times."
76561197971910434,Recommended,214490,12456748,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The_Thing,If you like the Alien franchise and the film you will love this game. Very immersive and environment is just like the film well done SEGA.
,Recommended,214490,12456821,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Kartzaz,"Amazing game. I am not usually play this kind of horror games, because i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pant right away when something happen. But this game is just something else. It looks and feels like old alien movies. 9/10"
76561198015467299,Recommended,214490,13001975,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Kyronex,Play it on hard....
,Recommended,214490,13003153,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,LaterSanity,If you want a game where you're in constant dread then this is the game! Also the atmosphere is incredible bringing nostalgia of the original Alien. Working Joes♥♥♥♥♥♥me off though lol.. In my opinion this game was worth the money
76561198078302991,Recommended,214490,13005170,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,OneMate,"The main thing you can say about this game is that what it set out to do, be a survival/stealth horror hybrid, it accomplishes magnificently. The tension in this game ranges from a constant feeling of oppression knowing that you are one encounter away from having your face impaled on the Aliens mini mouth to terror as you round a corner, only to come face to face with your xenomorphic nemesis.The best aspect of the game is undoubtedly the Alien (alien?) as its intelligent and dynamic AI constantly searches for you, noticing the slightest bit of noise you make and unlike similar games where you can only evade an invincible enemy you can't just camp down in a locker till you feel safe, the longer you stay in one spot the more the Alien begins to home in on you. The Alien just doesn't act intelligently it also looks and sounds amazing; from the slimy texture of its skin to its reptilian movements and hisses it inspires a sense of revulsion in the player. Its sound effects aren't just for show either, they are a key part of gameplay as often you will be relying on audio ques to figure out what the Alien is doing.Sevastopol doesn't look as good as the Alien however. By no means does Sevastopol look bad, I'd actually consider it a fair bit above average it terms of graphics, it is however a kind of repetitive environment. While the game did elect to base its art style on the original Alien movie which was filled with long white corridors and old timey computers some jazzing up of the environment would have improved the already good looking environment. As previously mentioned- sound plays an important role in this game so pay attention to what you can hear around you. The sound is very well meshed with the environment from the futuristic door opening sound to the mood music when you are being chased by enemies. Sound can also both save you from the Alien and you get you killed by it. Enemy humans who would otherwise be a serious threat to you can bring the Alien down on themselves with their gunshots just as hard as they bring it down on you. On the other hand, don't go sprinting around and shooting your weapon often. The Alien WILL hear it.The gameplay mechanics are similar to many other survival/stealth horror games except that crafting and accessing computers, hacking, opening doors and pausing doors does not pause the events of the game (getting impaled on the Aliens tail for the first time while hacking a computer is a bit of a shock). The stealth, noise and detection mechanics are top notch. Different enemies detect you in different ways; the Alien seems to notice your movement more than anything so sometimes staying put and hoping the AI shows mercy on you is better than trying to run. Humans on the other hand will see you when you are in light but you can creep around the darkness and they won't see it. Your motion detector plays an important role in all the stealth mechanics as it allows you to see moving (NOT STATIONARY ;) ) NPCs  but doesn't give you any indication of what is between you and them (having a wall between you is far better than been at opposite ends of an open corridor where the Alien is concerned) as well as generating noise when you are using it.Saving can also only be done at various save points and the game autosaves a few times as well. The main issue is that you only have 1 save file, you can access your current save file, the one previous and the save file for the start of each mission. The game will warn you when the Alien or other enemies are around before you save but it is possible to save game at a point where death is unavoidable, in this scenario you can lose some progress (but thanks to mission saves you won't have your game destroyed). You can craft many useful items in the game which let you do cool things such as generate noise at a location to lure the Alien (good for clearing out areas of enemy humans), EMPS to stun androids and many other items. While crafted items are fun to use and useful, many of the components are scarce and since loot in containers is randomly generated in this game you are slightly at the mercy of RNGjesus when it comes to crafting.The story is well developed and is obviously inspired by the plot of the original cult classic movie. It does however seem a little contrived occasionally when a Deus Ex Machina appears to progress the plot (""Dammit the door won't open for some reason... Your trapped!"") other than those occasions the narrative is very enjoyable. You can also find out about the backstory behind Sevastopol and its inhabitants if you are willing to hunt around for computer files, audio logs and ID cards.Overall the pros and cons arePros+ Alien AI, looks and sound are amazing+ Environment fits in very well with the movie+ The player is under constant tension when the Alien is hunting+ Stealth mechanics are very well developed and executed+ The integration of sound effects into the game is very nice+ A challenging experience that will appeal to fans of survival horror and stealth+ A usually engaging storyCons- Background environment can get a little repetitive- Save system can get you frustrated at times if you lose some progress to the Alien AI finding you- Random loot generation can be annoying if you are missing a key component to an item because the odds went against you and the item didn't spawn (PLS add more Injectors Sega)- Sometimes the storyline can feel a little forcedI'd give this game a solid 80/100. It’s very engaging and lots of fun if you like Survival Horror and Stealth or want to get into those genres. Even if you don't like those genres this game is definitely a buy if you see it on sale."
,Recommended,214490,13031369,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Gorifier,Took a bit to get the hang of how stealth you had to be in this game... but still... such an awesome game. like dead space meets dead souls... cause you gonna die a ton... helpful hint : save often....
,Recommended,214490,13033436,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,๖ۣۜSirCazzM,"Great game. Certainly enjoyed the 20 hours of content. Haven't yet tried any of the DLC's yet, But still, good storyline, amazing atmospheric immersion, no reason for Alien fans not to try this out.Oh yeah, Creative Assembly , You owe me several pairs of underwear now."
76561197979209612,Recommended,214490,13034782,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cat,"best game of 2014 so far, this game is fun and scary at the same time. I will recommend this game to anybody and if you dont play you are missing out. 9.5/10"
76561198021923407,Recommended,214490,13035213,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,OldGregg,Scary. Panic attack level. A good challenge as well.
76561197987704059,Recommended,214490,13035261,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,brad0,"This Alien Isolation is definitely the best of all Alien games.  The  playthrough is excellent, great graphics, great control layout, very suspensful, great story, etc.  I would give this game a 10.  I enjoyed everything about this game.Excellent!  I would definitely recommend this to any and all Alien fans."
,Recommended,214490,13036048,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,GoodBoy,♥♥♥♥ing awesome!   Love the end escape sequence.  The atmoshpere and music of the game are a perfect sequel to the original movie.
76561198108271640,Recommended,214490,12989257,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Alexander,"One of the best games I've ever played. Fantastic atmosphere and a nice balance between stealth and action. Graphics are mind blowing. I'm not easlily scared, but this game really knows how to deliver that sense of desperation and terror."
76561198030388705,Recommended,214490,12994207,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Spunk,"A brilliant homage to the original films. Superb atmosphere and sound design. Gameplay is satisfying, challenging, and the cinematic animations are smooth and unobtrusive. Well executed."
76561198123593471,Recommended,214490,13636599,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ninguno,it is a great game for a perfect time!
,Recommended,214490,13639736,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[CW]Codeine,Fantastic. That is all.
76561198029904609,Recommended,214490,13639773,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,bear_storm,"Sebastapol is the #1 tourist destination of 2014!SKULK through its magnificent economy-class corridors, enjoying a restricted field of vision and garish lighting that makes you about as stealthy as a cockroach that's scuttled onto a meringue!MEET excited, extroverted locals. Be literally overwhelmed by the generosity with which they share their bullets with you!EXPERIENCE the attentions of a lithe, eager foreigner! All make-outs guaranteed to involve tongue!STOCKPILE booze and sniffing-glue, the two most important categories of souvenirs!THRILL to the extremely loud chirping of hundreds of convenient, card-operated, time-delayed payphones! Sebastapol's natives are so friendly, they'll even join in on your calls!If the winter weather has got you down in the dumps, visit Sebastapol today!And remember our slogan: ""Sebastapol! Stay in that locker as long as you'd like! We'll find you eventually!""(11/10 GOTY, impulse-buy at 30$ and under)"
76561198050551836,Recommended,214490,14914128,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,hendersh0t,"Fun stealth game, especially for fans of the original movies. It definitely plays a little long and at times it can get rather frustrating, but the overall story is compelling. Excellent graphics and sound."
76561198015088050,Recommended,214490,14914374,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,thedrew999,"This is a very tentative recommendation.You will probably like this game if:1) You are a fan of the original RIDLEY SCOTT Alien movie (not the sequels).2) You like games where you are not always in a position to fight back (e.g. Slender, Amnesia, etc...)3) You do not mind games that make you backtrack.Things that really stood out to me.1) This reminds me of my childhood nightmares where I was being chased by something.  No amount of hiding would save me.  Is this a good thing?  I suppose, because I don't have those dreams anymore.  It's reassurance that I grew up... a bit. ;)2) We have finally reach a point technologically where we can make/have/play a game that truly does justice to the original Alien movie.  I've been waiting for something like this for a VERY long time.3) Many of the original actors lent their voices for some of the back-story elements.  I didn't know this going into it, but picked them out almost right away.4) The environments, sound effects, music, etc...  are all faithful recreations of the Nostromo.Where would I like to have seen inprovements?1) About 10 hrs in, I was aching for this game to be over.  Not from anxienty, but more from a feeling like ""I've already done this"".  After 10 hrs, you've probably seen all the new gameplay mechinisms you'll ever see.  It's not a whole lot different after that.  I wouldn't let myself give up, and ended up finishing it around 20 hrs on medium or normal difficulty.2) It appears the surround-sound audio only works if you're using multichannel audio over HDMI.  I have an Astro A40 headset w/ Mixamp which is supposedly Dolby 7.1 virtual surround.  Howerver, I have no indication this actually works.  When I hook my gaming laptop up to my home stero, I definitely get 7.1. surround.3) Keyboard/mouse controls are a bit clunky.  This is definitely designed to be played with controllers."
,Recommended,214490,12401773,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Tom [CH],"With Alien: Isolation, the UK based developer Creative Assembly delievered one of the best – if not the best – games in 2014. It's the Alien game we've always wanted: Tense atmosphere, amazing visuals, well crafted levels and surroundings, superb sound design, slow-ish paced survival horror / stealth gameplay. It's well optimized and bug-free. Alien Isolation can be a bit unforgiving at times, and you'll feel lost occasionally – but it's called Alien: ISOLATION for a reason, don't come in here expecting a walk in the park. Expect to spend up to 30 hours into your first playthrough – it's time well spent, so go get it!"
,Recommended,214490,14967436,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,arolls,Terrifying game with a decent plot. Graphically excellent and creates a brilliant sense of immersion.  Recommended.
,Recommended,214490,14968197,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Nympomancer,Bringing back my all time favorite Sci-fi Movie into a my all time favorite entertanment media. Im Sure you know all about this game so I will just tell you how I feel about this game...Scared shirtless.I cant keep playing...
76561197960431441,Recommended,214490,14977992,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,JPMcWhiskers,"Beautiful game, super atmospheric, vetted systems, and in the alien universe.  Having that big, heavy breathing mother f*&ker chasing you is awful.I haven't played a lot because it's terrifying.  That b#tch found me under a table and did horrible things to my face.  This is a great game that I look forward to really getting into one day."
,Recommended,214490,33172399,Posted: 3 July,all,Nyancide,This game has some really good graphics and the story isn't bad either. I'd recommend it if you're looking for a good horror game.
76561197972484243,Recommended,214490,33218740,Posted: 4 July,all,Dusk_Horror.tv,10/10
76561197993212299,Recommended,214490,33213321,Posted: 3 July,all,DalekSupreme,This Game Is Amazing.  The design is amazing.   It looks like whoever did the scenic design for the original film did this game.  I could  not be more unset that they are not going to make a sequel.
,Recommended,214490,33213794,Posted: 3 July,all,The Voice In Your Head,my heartit hurts
76561198058379005,Recommended,214490,33212215,Posted: 3 July,all,pushup bra,"even if you're not a fan or familiar with the alien-universe, this game is awesome! well at least if you like horror/survival.i'm a fan since the original alien(1979) movie, was my first horror movie btw.but yeah back to the game. isolation delivers horror and survival at it's best. the atmosphere and the sounds are excellent.  play it at night and alone to fully immerse <3 it get's intense alot. love it!well i got it on the sale and i fully recommend it. it's so worth! i mean it's a much better experience then the latest movie in the franchise..only one con comes to my mind.. when i first started to play i had a doorbug. aside from that i rate 9/10.. isolate me baby!"
,Recommended,214490,33164398,Posted: 2 July,all,bruh,very spooky
76561198070703936,Recommended,214490,25193025,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gig,"Not your typical horror game.  I wont spoil much because the game is about immersion.  If possible play with good headphones on.  If not possible have surround sound.  Do not read ahead.  Do not read guides.  Explore.  Become part of the game.My only complaint with this game is that some people claim it is too easy while others claim it is incredibly hard.  I am in the latter camp, and found parts of this game insanely difficult.But this game is absolutely terrifying.  If you're looking for something akin to an action/horror game do not bother.  Think of this game closer to being a puzzle/horror game with MINOR action.  Its all about stealth."
76561198086158812,Recommended,214490,33256322,Posted: 4 July,all,Funeral-Parlor,Fun an sum jumps
,Recommended,214490,28190128,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Major Bitch,I've never felt so helpless
,Recommended,214490,31023782,Posted: 8 April,all,Potato,"As someone who has completed the story mode multiple times, this is one of the best alien games out there.Alien Isolation is a very well executed version of an alien game. The visuals are very appealing and suit this style of game very well. It also allows a lot of customization to suit your needs.The story provides a thrilling experience and can really get you on the edge of your seat. The AI of the alien, humans, and synthetics is very well done, providing a random aspect to the gameplay, rather than the threats always doing the same thing, and that adds a replay value to the game. I myself haven't experienced many bugs with the game so I wouldn't worry with that.For what it is I do feel $40 dollars is fairly pricey however if you can look past the price tag im sure you will enjoy this game.Overall, the visuals are very nice, the gameplay and storyline is well done, however is a bit pricey.Overall - 7/10"
,Recommended,214490,33327064,Posted: 6 July,all,MrFoxPlays Society.gg,yes
,Recommended,214490,33329107,Posted: 6 July,all,MIGUEL,A alien game that all we was waiting for ♥
76561198013701101,Recommended,214490,33313393,Posted: 6 July,all,SGT_Reindeer,"This is the only game that has truly scared me while playing. It is incredibly intense, and a solid challenge"
76561198305480132,Recommended,214490,26233555,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ubimgr,"It's definitely good. Well, maybe a little better than just ""good"". A decent quality survival horror, which is relatively hard to find in a pile of other horror-oriented games. If you like the genre, or the ""Alien"" series, - it's for you. If you just want to check it out - well, this is still a good game, you won't regret.8/10; for those ""Alien"" fans - 9/10."
,Recommended,214490,33360313,Posted: 7 July,all,[T.T.L.]The Mauzz[MX],Good game.
,Recommended,214490,33363395,Posted: 7 July,all,Smashbob,"This game is a must-play for anyone whos a fan of the Alien franchise. It has so many callbacks and refrences and moments that feel straight out of the original film. The gameplay is tense and scary, so it needs to be played by anyone who loves horror as well. Dont take my word on it, try it yourself!"
,Recommended,214490,33362104,Posted: 7 July,all,Phalanx,"Anxiety-inducing horror. Ten outta ten, very scare."
76561198009786810,Recommended,214490,33385410,Posted: 8 July,all,Roz Britanicus,Propper makes you bob ya sen
76561197987708468,Recommended,214490,32852494,Posted: 27 June,all,Tapir,"the best horror game, I have ever seen or playedit is a ""must have"" for every Alien fanpros:- gives you back the exact atmosphere of the first Alien and puts you in the middle of it in another (but similar) story to the extent, that you can re-live movie scenes in the game, without them being annoying and cheap repetitions- with the Alien's AI, the game doesn't rely heavily on scripting and thus, the game is fun even on the third playthrough, it is terrifying, rewarding and endlessly thrilling throughout the ~10-16 hrs gameplay (depending on how careful you are and what difficulty you are playing on)- the story really pushes the boundaries of Ripley's (and the players') endurace, willpower and nerves- it fixes (gives an explanation to) a lore-error from Aliens, where they never mention or notice the Jockeys' ship's beacon anymore, which should still have been active on LV-426 during the second movie- not a jumpscare piece of sh*t- great visuals and sounds, makes really good use of audio to establish fearful atmospherethere are only 3 con-s (2 minor, 1 major) to the game:minors:- You can kill people and have them drop their loaded pistols, but can't pick them up before you acquire your pistol at the point the story wants you to.  (Probably because of late design changes during development)- Most of the writings on the walls are idiotic, nobody would waste their time, writing this bullsh*t multiple times all over the stationmajor:- The game has a habit of crashing in various circumstances, but so far as I've seen, all of them are circumventable by the player in some way (e.g. not reloading a game while a save is in progress), thus they don't fall into the S.O.S. problem category of the developers.still, shame on you Creative Assembly, for not fixing them, this game had way better reception for you to treat it that way >:(tips:Use headphones / earbuds, you need the positional audio ;)85/100(would be 93/100 without crashes + occasional deadlocking UI on Maintenance Panels)"
76561197970818057,Recommended,214490,23156579,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,The offical legend27,10-10 Of the alien series
76561198015660236,Recommended,214490,13310373,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Master Luke PhD,Well made and great fun
76561197976275449,Recommended,214490,13311390,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Menace2Society,"Too scared to play. Sad.  But if you enjoyed the atmosphere of Dead Space titles, you will almost certainly enjoy this game.  The level of detail in the environment is on par with my worst and most vivid nightmares.  Also, the cutscenes are very well done artisticly and are beautiful, even if the story leaves something to be desired.Now, I have not played much (see: chicken sh it) but the game feels brutal and the environment sets the mood for you to relive a dream gone bad.  So pick it up."
,Recommended,214490,13263723,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,AlienNutsackInvader,"Alien: IsolationPros+ Great graphics+ Easy to run+ Not for people with history of heart problems+ Alien is a very inteligent, fast, effective hunter+ Working joes are fearsome enemies+ Story line is fun and is a good lenght+Free patch added ""novice and nightmare"" difficultyCons- lack of direction/ sometimes is confusing on how to proceed with missions- alien could have been slightly more steathy, most of his encounters hes walking around in plain sight- map is not that big and you end up repeating areasOverall- Very good game worth a play or two, i would play on hard its more challenging and fun 9/10"
,Recommended,214490,13312967,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Floridaskye,"This game is like Dead Space without adequate firepower. The atmospherics alone, synced with the creepy score make this one of the scariest games I've played in a long time. Add to that the fact that the game is based around sneaking and you don't have the comfort of hefting an awe inspiring amount of firepower, and you get to a whole new level. As the game states durring the loading screens, hiding is only a temporary solution. Dispite having numerous save stations and knowing your death is only going to set you back a few minutes, every time I saw that Alien come charging towards me, I had to scream. On top of that, the game designers seemed to take ungodly pleasure in making everything take more than a few seconds to acomplish. Waiting for an elevator or transport car while the Alien prowls around is unnerving, and just knowing that start uping a generator is going to bring the thing running is even more. There's also a fair amount of nostalgia to a universe that any Alien fan is familiar with. The flight recordings from the Nostromo had me right back in the first film. This game certainly gets my vote, and I can't wait to see what's next for this new Ripley."
76561198009697342,Recommended,214490,13319167,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Evildrcatfish,"Genuinely tense and a lot of fun, just be sure to play it on hard or more. Dunno what the AI is like on easier settings, but it was very interesting on hard."
76561198003887544,Recommended,214490,12971221,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,hamburglar,Probably the best Alien game ever. This survival horror instills genuine fear of the unknown and will not disappoint the thrill-seekers out there.I highly recommend this game to both Alien die-hard fans and newcomers to the genre.
76561198042424631,Recommended,214490,12536372,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,bithum4n,"Please keep away if you have a heart condition. This game can be quite scary. Ashamed to say it but I screamed like a girl countless times. Even logging on to a terminal to pick up some background story is extremely tense at times when you can hear the alien roaming around. And the vents, oh god, the first time I bumped into the alien I think I woke the whole neighbourhood. Great game. One of the few that I have no regrets purchasing on release."
,Recommended,214490,12537229,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MeadWolf,The atmosphere in this game is almost perfect and the soundeffects are chilling.  Mostly faithfull to the design of the original movie.  A few of the gameplay design choices may be questionable (which I won't include here because it may spoil the storyline a little) but overall an impressive game highly recommended!
76561197998499882,Recommended,214490,12538309,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,patkill [160th SOR],"A game hasn't had this kind of tension and atmosphere since Resident Evil 4. The sound, music and lighting is amazing, it's a must play with a headset."
76561198039354985,Recommended,214490,12540905,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Shentril,"An amazing experience. In my opinion this is the best game to be released this year, and probably since before 2010. Easily the best game set in the Alien universe and in the survival horror genre. Hopefully other developers will learn a lot from this. The tension, atmosphere and authenticity in this game are absolutely spot on. Play it on hard mode with headphones and it's just sublimely terrifying. Everything in the game just works together to increase the tension.There's a lot of people online complaining about the randomness of the Aliens AI and how unfair it is.  I would recommend you don't listen to any bad reviews that go on about the aliens 'random' AI. I believe that these people all love playing Call of Battlefield Arena Tournament, running around with an automatic weapon, doing 360 flying noscopes, shouting about how good Chuck Norris' left testicle is. The A.I is only random to a point, the Alien reacts to the world around it. If you bump into a chair by accident and get eaten, that's unlucky. I've never died to it unfairly, it's always been my fault for not paying enough attention or doing something stupid. The Alien is supposed to terrorise you. That's it's job. If there was a way to exploit it, or an easy way to get past it, you might as well remove it from the game.Definitely worth the money I spent on it, and I highly recommend it to everybody."
76561198144055696,Recommended,214490,12541891,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Reztim,"Just beat this game and have to say it was really fun, clearly a lot like outlast. I think it was an upgrade to outlast though. IT really adds survival. You have to conserve ammo for your weapons (dont forget to do this if you play this game!), collect parts to build helpful items, and in the end it's almost open world. If you forget a collectible or something you want, there is an opportunity to go back and get it. the only thing i hated about this game was the end, not because i didnt want the game to end, but because the ending was garbage. Seriously, after everything i had gone through to get there i was very unsatisfied. Besides that though you should get the game."
,Recommended,214490,12428990,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ReaperFatal1ty,"Epic almost completed all modes, Alien Isolation, crew expendeble e last survivor all done! Just Survivor mode to do but have to take a break my adreneline, fear, is off the charts with this game, remembers the pumping Enemy Zero wen i was a boy. For Alien movie fan like me since my 6 year old usin spent VHS tapes to see the 1 and 2 movie over and over men this is a masterpiece.If you love Alien movie like me saw it like 100 times and can see some more this is a must bye the sound efects and music are like the movie, the risc and reward save points is epic, hard but epic you have to tink shoud i go? Yes no, maybe and if you don´t time yourself right you are dead. Working Joe sintetics are hard to but the the blood pumping corridors and alien in front of you men, if you dont have a flame trower to help you you are dead my friend. I spent 80% od the game crawling out os corners, geting down on tables and lokers. Alien knows your are there just have to be patient... Take your timeThe Alien is a killing machine and a snekky tatic is the best way to stay alive.Sound 10/10Grapichs 9/10Gameplay 9/10Fear 10000/10 :P (on the long savepoints strech at least)Sorry for my bad English"
76561198021194961,Recommended,214490,12542187,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Starved,Scariest and most realistic non-scripted AI so far. Atmosphere is helped immensively by the background music and score. I soaked myself in the fear and played a very cautious hide and seek game with the monster for hours upon hours. Highly recommended.
76561198051821309,Recommended,214490,12569604,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,stars2heaven,"This was a fantastic game, the devs really put some effort into this and it's obvious from the moment you hit the main menu. I recomend this to anyone, you won't be disappointed."
76561198103496217,Recommended,214490,12407135,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,agamerwithapc,BEST.HORROR GAME. EVA
76561197972678806,Recommended,214490,12569738,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Darth Bambi,"OMG just get it, Proper Alien game!"
,Recommended,214490,12517938,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,FRRAKSURRED,"This game caused me a great deal of anxiety, in good and bad ways.  The atmosphere, recreation of the original Alien world, music and build quality are all exceptional.  They do an exemplary job of making you feel as though you are being hunted, but occasionally the emersion gets broken by behavior that doesn't fit.  I thought the gameplay was balanced for the most part, but there are sections that are infuriating, particularly in the earlier sections after the Alien appears.  There were numerous times I felt like I was spending all my time hiding in a locker.  Repeatedly the Alien would walk off and the motion tracker would say he was 75 meters away or more, so I would exit my hiding spot only to find it had run back and was feet away.  Initially there seemed to be no rhyme or reason as to what the Alien did, making the game feel like a game of chance, not one of skill or strategy.  As you progress you begin to notice subtle habits that make it a little easier, but in tight sections where you only have one means of egress down a narrow hallway, and the Alien just seems to pace up and down it for 30 minutes, you may feel like rage quitting over and over.  It moves so fast that the motion tracker can fell useless except to tell you what direction it is coming from.  Backing out of an animation, such as accessing a computer or torching a door, is slow, so if you're spotted, you're dead.  After you acquire some weapons to ward the Alien off, the game becomes less frustrating, but it masterfully does so without losing its tension.  Resources are scarce, and you cannot carry a lot, so the Developers did a nice job of play-testing this aspect.  The game provides a legit Alien experience that eclipses most previous games of this Franchise.  The world they created is accurate and a delight to behold.  The story telling is well done and the music is equally compelling.  The Alien is simply the best and worst part of the game.  Most the time he creates a palpable tension that keeps you on the edge of your seat, while other times, he is just an annoying obstacle.  There is far more good than bad, but you have to have the patience and determination to get past the early stages to find the rewards.  The retail price, including DLC, is too high given the extremely limited replay value, but when it hits the Steam sale, it is a most own."
76561198031780529,Recommended,214490,12572044,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Mr.Anderson,"This game was the most intense game i've played im my life.. the atmosphere.. the sounds.. the EVERYTHING, holyshit!Good job developing this game!"
76561197970383247,Recommended,214490,12573617,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,luka.zakelj,best game ever :-)
76561197963441417,Recommended,214490,12573722,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,wibbly_teapot,"Took me around 18.5 hours to complete the main storyline. As a huge fan of the original Alien movie, i enjoyed playing thisBy the time i got into the second half of the game, i did get a little frustrated at times, feeling that it was a little too long, and strung out.You have to get to the official spot to pick up the revolver, yet moments before i had killed a person who dropped their gun on the ground. It would have been nice to be able to pick up the gun, since i was looting revolver ammo from their bodiesThe alien is a badass and stomps around on two feet like a real boss. Very good atmosphere, with the Alien soundtrack in the background, and hearing the Alien clunking around up in the vents.It has some minor annoyances, but overall i would recommend this game"
,Recommended,214490,12574492,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Jolesco,"This was exactly what I wanted from an Alien game....Re created the settings and atmosphere from the first film brilliantly.It was also very cool to play the bonus content, re-living some of the scenes from the film in 1st person.If you are a fan of horror games and a fan of the Alien francise, I highly recommend that to try out this game.Thanks to the creators of the game & thanks to the original cast & crew of Alienfor making this possible"
,Recommended,214490,12574771,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Arckadian,"Terrifying, heart pounding excitement.  Truly a great game if you like horror."
,Recommended,214490,12543101,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Teknokid,"The most ""right"" game about Alien - it is 9 out of 10. I'm not a gaming guru, but I think developers created new game style (at least I never saw gameplay like this) - when you have unkillable enemy and you main weapon is silience and avoiding fights."
76561197961407458,Recommended,214490,14199401,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,*sNap*,"I don't normally play survival horror games, but after hearing so much praise about this game and being a fan of the original movie, I thought I'd try it out.Now I remember why I stay away from the horror genre!  This game is amazing, and true to the original 1979 movie in so many ways, but it scared the beejeezus out of me, and I found myself wanting the game to end so I could stop damaging my heart, lol.It's hard to rate a game like this, because it is unique in a lot of ways.  The story, graphics, and sound are amazing, and the detail given from the movie makes this a real treat for fans of the movie.  However, the constant fear and paranoia that forced me to stay in crouch mode and constantly look over my shoulder at every little sound began to wear thin after a while.I realized something important about myself, though.  Were I ever to be in Amanda Ripley's situation on Sevastopol, I would take the easy way out and end it all before going through what she did.  Yep, I'm a wimp!"
,Recommended,214490,14203807,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,adams071,"very frightning but beautiful looking game, i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants so many times. i have never played a game that freaks me out alot but draw me in alot"
,Recommended,214490,14296331,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Cyroth,"Good scares, amazing atmosphere. First time you see the alien gives you a good idea of how quickly the thing will mess you up."
,Recommended,214490,14297486,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Myo,Played a while. Saw the Alien. Went to hide in a cupboard for half an hour.Only came out when someone turned the game off on the PC for me.10/10 atmosphere
76561197987255884,Recommended,214490,14268626,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,garvek,"A game which truly mastered the ambience of the movies. The Alien AI is sometimes too much scripted but globally it does'nt spoil the awesomeness of being a survivor of a gargantua, derelict pile of metal and danger."
76561198012304704,Recommended,214490,14348831,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Qualia,"It's so scary, I have to build up courage to load the game..."
,Recommended,214490,14342934,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,crf1096,"takes practice. many people find it overly hard until you can really get a sense for the alien, but work through it, its one of the best horror games i've ever played, and is undboubtely worth it entirely."
76561197990783120,Recommended,214490,14345623,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,MisterCROWE,Probably the best survival horror released in the past ten years. Creative Assembly might just save us from this downward spiral
,Recommended,214490,18527822,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Gaddy Games,"Great game.However the PC version with keyboard+mouse is quite a nightmare to handle(especially for mini-games), and QTE everywhere breaks the immersion :-/"
,Recommended,214490,18553996,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Steve,10/10-IGNBest game since final fantasy VI-Stephen Colbert3spooky5me-FazeNo ducks 4/9-PewdiepieThis game is a close second to Aliens: Colonial Marines-SegaWhat am i reviewing-John CenaThis game sucks-Jeff from the wigglesWait let me retry i didnt know we started reviewing-John CenaI think this game has a bad influence on astronauts-Gabe NewellI never played this game how do i review-John CenaI cant afford a computer-Oscar The Grouch
,Recommended,214490,17447752,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Artek [General],"This game has checkpoint-based save system.I randomly get a bug when i get permanently stuck in rewire system with 50% chance.There is 10 rewire systems between each checkpoint.10/10 would drop the game because of year-old bug againEdit: seems i finally made some progress in the game. Bug still happens, but rarely, you just have to NOT MOVE while rewire system opening animation plays.Anyway: this game is awesome. Best horror game i ever played. Why? Because it's hard as hell.Actually the hardnes is why i hate it, but i love where that hardnes comes from - from Alien exclusively.This guy. Is. The worst.He's always there, he insta kills you on contact, he walks faster than you, he runs faster then you, he can hear you sprinting from another side of the station, and you are totally his #1 on his To-Do list.10/10 would have my face eaten again"
76561197961401138,Recommended,214490,18445785,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Leper Messiah,"I was late to getting this game for various reasons, but boy am I glad I got it after recently completing it! The game is brilliant IMO and an absolute MUST buy for fans of the films. Yes the games is not perfect and has some glaring flaws (i've had the floating guns quite a lot and some floating humans too!), The much lauded Alien Ai is really good but not perfect (thank god as no one would survive!), but it often scared the holy bejaysus out of me! Graphically it looks superb, they've really captured the look of the film's equipment and the new stuff fits in really well. The lighting is excellent, flames are excellent....in general the overall ""feel"" and atmosphere of the game is incredible. I'm a ""stealth"" ""sneak"" sort of person in many games so that fitted in really well with the games playstyle, and sections without the Alien were a nice change. I really enjoyed the plot, yeah I second guessed a hell of a lot of it, but who cares? It was enjoyable and better than resurrection and the AvP films!! As I was playing the game I couldn't help but think how cool a more gung ho Aliens inspired game would be with this engine!! But a proper Aliens style game, where the Aliens are still a massive threat and need to be avoided and evaded much more than being killed. Personally I score this game 9/10 and HIGHLY recommend it to Alien fans!"
,Recommended,214490,17775281,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Natsu-Sama,I Would Honestly Recommened this to anyone who loves a good scare The Characters Adaptations to the Enviroment is Marvelous it just makes me wonder how much more amazing they could make this game if they had a little more time to add mods/community addons which would perfect this game But other than that this game is wondeful 10/10 love it
76561198052383421,Recommended,214490,17779334,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,chrisadrian02,Aaaamazing.
76561197992448853,Recommended,214490,17834407,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Aethewyn,"Absolutely incredible game.  One I didn't think I'd like at all (not much into stealth / survival horror games), but was tempted by grabbing a cheap copy in the sale.  It also helped that I was a fan of all the Alien films.  As quite a few other people have already said, this doesn't just feel like a a game - it feels like an experience.  Sevastapol is beautifully realised, not just in terms of scenery, the equipment, the objectives...but the audio....oh my god, the sounds.  I have never played a game that made the audio matter so much in figuring out what to do, which direction to go, and when to run for cover; working out when it was ""safe"" or when I needed to stay put.  My nerves were frayed within an hour of playing (and continued to fray for the other 36hrs, with brief respite when entering the odd ""quiet"" location).  I think I spent a good 45 minutes hiding in a filing cabinet at one point because I couldn't make my mind up if I wanted to carry on playing or give my nerves a rest.  It is *that* tense.The plotline develops as you would expect it to (about par with the films), and you can figure out more or less where its going well before things happen.  But that's not really why you'd want to play this game.  You play this game because you want to see how smart you are at staying alive using very minimal equipment, where any noise you make can risk your life.  And of course, facing up to that xenomorph.  If you thought you would feel horrible at using other humans as bait, you'll probably feel differently when its your life or theirs in a tight situation.  Although the game is quite linear, you don't really notice too much as you just focus on completing your objectives and staying alive, scavenging what you can.  The later levels do seem to be a lot more closed in and offer you less choice in terms of tactics, but by that point you're just thinking ""Surely I must be near the end by now? What else could possibly go wrong?!""  You're desperate just to finish it so you can give your nerves a rest.Just get this game and play it.  Its awesome."
,Recommended,214490,17820688,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Kr4ft [REEEEEEEEEEEE],"Scary as ♥♥♥♥, will cause mental trauma.Would bang the fitty tho 10/10"
76561197972413789,Recommended,214490,17820930,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Sam,"Fantastic atmosphere, it is the most accurate recreation of the Alien universe I have ever seen. Sound design and engine are good. I would have preferred a better stealth mechanic but it works reasonably well.Its nice to see another first person stealth bases game and one that has obviously been polished to a very high degree.Creative Assembly please use this as a quality guide for the Total War games."
,Recommended,214490,12404705,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ra5h,"Bought it for the TF2 items.Didn't play it for a while, loaded it up with a new powerful computer. 11/10, beautiful aethetics, great gameplay, actually a survival horror game that doesn't rely on jumpscares and just running from stuff.totally worth the $60, a steal at it's current price."
76561198080932341,Recommended,214490,12472354,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ray :D,10/10 would play again
76561197966866158,Recommended,214490,12472417,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,inkyblack,"damn that alien! A good  stealth game where the old run and gun fps standard will get you killed real quick. Nive looking graphics for surroundings, great looking and acting alien."
76561198042406128,Recommended,214490,12472458,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MarkDTS,"I fell like buyers may wander into this game thinking that it should be lumped with the long lineage of 'Aliens' shooters of the past. Please do not be fooled this is very much a new IP that is strongly focused on the themes and atmosphere of the first 'Alien' film. The team at Creative Assembly have syphoned the essense of the first film and buried it deep within the core of this game.As I said previously, this game is loaded with atmosphere. Crawling through Sevastopol Station is an absolute delight. The game's score is brilliant. The voice acting is stellar and the way the developers have designed the enemy AI to find new paths to track you with keep you on the edge of your stressed out seat until the very last frame of the game.The only thing that I had issue with was the level of detail in the character models. I'm sure that this has something to do with developing for multiple platforms at the same time, but other than that I have very little to say negative about this game.The Creative Assembly team have sucessfully found a way to marry the first film with the second with this game. Congrats!"
76561197961554752,Recommended,214490,12472477,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,peeka,The motion detector doesn't pickup the trains when they move. Other than that the game is perfect.
76561197987404350,Recommended,214490,12472874,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,King Spork,"Summary:  It's like System Shock 2 meets Amnesia.  The fact that it's set in an astoundingly realized, lovingly created depiction of the ""Alien"" film universe make it a dream come true.  But do NOT buy if you are expecting a shooter!This game is a truly amazing experience, and an instant classic.  But it's certainly not for everyone, as you do not play a powerful super soldier or master assassin.  Instead you play as an engineer, Ellen Ripley's daughter, Amanda, as she works to outsmart and outlast not only the Alien (which is unkillable) but the human and android survivors who populate the ruined spacestation Sevastapol.The most obviously outstanding part of this game is its state-of-the-art AI.  For the Alien, this means that a deadly, and frankly terrifying monster is going to be stalking you, reacting your movements and actions, trying to surprise and trap you.  For the humans/synthetics, it means that they follow unscripted patterns (instead of just marching like clockwork over the same old patrol routes like in every other stealth game) and look long and hard when trying to locate you.  No scenario plays out the same way twice, and incredible scenes result from the interplay of your actions, the Alien's actions, and the actions of the other survivors.The second thing that impresses me is the uniqueness of the game design.  Ripley is never powerful, and on ""hard"" difficulty (the way everybody should play it) can die after one or two gunshots.  That means the majority of the game is spent avoiding conflict vs. plunging in.  You do find guns, but using them is often much more dangerous than stealth, as you run the risk both of getting shot and of attracting the Alien.  This does not mean guns are useless, but that you must be smart about when and where you chose to use them.  The game keeps you constantly thinking about what the best strategy is to survive in any given context.  This is not only more realistic and more true to the spirit of the 1979 film Alien, but is also fun, intense, and unique enough that it feels fresh and new.The third most impressive part of the game is it's graphics and art style.  While I reccomend turning down the film grain a bit, the game looks gorgeous.  The designers really took 70s/80s feel of the Alien films are lovingly recreated it here in a way that feels incredibly authentic and real.  From the chunky mechanical keyboards, to big analog knobs and glowing NASA-style buttons, to the green-on-black CRT displays, the game's retro look, cribbed from the movie (which, of course, had legendary set and prop design).  The engine renders and lights these objects in such a way as to make the world incredibly beautiful, convincing, and immersive.  Although poly count may be low compared to other games, the overall beauty of the world makes such details irrelevent.  Top notch wound and fire effects add to the graphical experience.  And at ~25 hours for a completionist playthrough, you get plenty of value for your buck.Do not buy this if you simply can't get behind the idea of a game where cowering under a desk equals winning and blasting away with your shotgun equals losing (most of the time).  But if you like the idea of a unique stealth horror game set in one of the most iconic sci-fi universes ever, then this game is a must-buy."
76561198015062701,Recommended,214490,12472409,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,AscensioN,"Not sure if this alien is dumb, or the developers forgot to code an AI for the alien.8/10"
76561198087934313,Recommended,214490,12473279,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,GentleGene,"As folks are saying, this is absolutely the game the franchise deserves. It is a gorgeous and atmospheric horror game to the core. From the opening, it captures the tone of Alien. A perfect execution of what the developers where going for."
76561197983416777,Recommended,214490,12482828,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,soylentgreenispeople,"Steam is showing a lot more play time than I have actually invested so far, but I am still at least half way through the game. At this point, it feels safe to write a review.This game is glorious on many levels. It is such an amazing tribute to the world of the original film that its not hard to believe you are actually visiting that beautiful and terrifying retro-tech world. The visuals are superb; the ambience is perfect. The dialog is well written and well delivered. The cut scenes are excellent, and the story is better than I had been lead to expect by other sources. As a long time fan of the Alien franchise, I have none the less felt deeply disappointed by much of its material. I was never a fan of Alien: Resurrection. I have read many of the comics and novels, but have enjoyed few. I have played all of the previous games except Colonial Marines, and while they were fun, the spirit simply wasn't there.It is here.The Alien itself is restored to its respectible and awe-inspiring place as the greatest of movie monsters. Being stalked by it is nerve wracking, stressful. The game creates a tense, fearful environment where every decision feels crucial, but helplessness pervades. No matter how stealthy you are, no matter how closely you attend to the music and the sounds of the Alien creeping about around you, you know that sooner or later, your luck will run out. And it does. Again, and again. Still, I have not found the fear lessened by repetition. I have not found myself truly frustrated, either. When I survive a mission, when I reach a save point, I always feel... accomplished. I have survived an encounter with a formidable enemy.There are minor technical quibbles. I have seen the Alien slaughter NPCs one at a time while others stood around and watched as if nothing was happening. This is rare, but it does tend to break the immersion. I have also found that, occasionally a terminal will not work properly, and I will be stuck and have to force quit the game to escape. Neither issue has caused me enough grief to want to quit playing. The game is simply amazing, and despite being exhausting at times, it draws you in, dares you to turn the next corner, to try one more time to cheat fate and outsmart the monster that hunts you.If you love the films and love a truly frightening and challenging game, then, by all means, jump in. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,214490,12482848,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,[FuoM]VoLcaNoTurTle,GET THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,214490,12482975,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Taxi,Great game just wish it was a bit shorter and more story heavy.
76561198108489004,Recommended,214490,12483063,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Lone Shark,pretty scary man
,Recommended,214490,12483224,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tom,"Alien: Isolation is everything Creative Assembly set out to create and promised us it would be.  From start to finish, on the highest difficulty (the way it's meant to be played), the experience lasted over 24 hours!  The environment and layout is beautifully designed, and the sound effects/music are without equal.  The experience is utterly immersive and thrilling throughout.  Get wired on energy drinks, turn off the lights, don headphones, crank up the volume and wear a nappy."
76561197982034921,Recommended,214490,12483759,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ShieldsRiver,"This isn't an in depth review, just a opinion of an average gamer. I just recently bought it, after reading IGN's review I was going to pass until I saw other reviews coming out and that the steam users are saying it's pretty good. Still I was doubtful especailly after the A:CM debacle but after finishing I'm pretty damn happy about this game, especailly since I had to change chairs so I would stop falling down and frailing on the ground screaming(seriously I did scream a few times). So if there's any doubter's out there that are on the fence please trust in your fellow gamers because this game is sure as hell worth it. MY PERSONAL RATING- 9/10"
76561197999463053,Recommended,214490,12484505,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Metasheep,"This is a pretty good survival horror game. It revolves around surviving from a single unkillable alien rather than mowing down wave after wave like some other alien branded games. When it shows up you often just have to hide rather than run away or fight and turns into a game of hide and seek (not neccessarily a bad thing).Pros:Nice graphics, Good pacing, Very Atmospheric, Scary, Follows the strengths of the original movieCons:The main story mode outstays its welcome, Story (esp. the ending) is disappointing."
76561197962648760,Recommended,214490,12484631,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,OFF3ND3R,"What can I say... This game is awesome! It reminds me of System Shock 2 and the original AVP. It will suprise you at any moment. The graphics are bar none, top notch. This game has done what I expected of it. To keep me on the edge of my seat and totally immersed in the environment. If you ever played SS2 ro the orginal AVP and loved them, get this GAME!"
,Recommended,214490,12484701,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ricera,"I enjoyed playing this game -- the Alien is scary and appropriately apprehension-inducing, the Working Joes are comically creepy, and there's a ton of environment building -- logs, tapes, and environmental details. I really want to see more games like it, and I had no problem paying full-price for it.Also, the unofficial Oculus Rift support really improves the immersion. This is definitely a game to showcase how great VR is."
,Recommended,214490,12490566,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,OpenMaw,"An amazing, atmospheric game that should be set alongside FEAR, System Shock 2, DOOM 3, and Amnesia as one of the most engaging and terrifying gaming experiences ever.Unlike the last major outing in the ALIEN universe, Colonial Marines, Isolation feels like a legitamite extension of the universe set up by Ridley Scott, Dan O'bannon, and HR Giger. The game excels at recreating the world from the first film in exquisite detail.My hat is off to Creative Assembly. It has been a long time since I felt the need to immediately replay a game. Highly reccomended."
76561197970384883,Recommended,214490,12491107,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,FHDA,91% but only for those that are looking for the atentik first film feeling
,Recommended,214490,12492478,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,kazereal,Excellent atmosphere of the original film. Visuals and sound are top-notch.Gameplay is innovative and interesting.Design is loyal to original film complete with 70's space-tech everywhere.Story is made in plausible way to continue where film left off.Accomplishing even simple tasks feel major accomplishmentsunder the constant dread and fear of an unpredictable enemy.Also it is much longer than you might expect before playing.Simply recommended. Prepare a change of underwear near you :)
76561197967313815,Recommended,214490,12492845,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Stig783,"The Alien game you hoped for!!Difficulty - HardCompletion Time - 21 HoursThe first Alien film was probably one of the most iconic Sci FI Horrors the world has ever seen. Ridley Scott created a world that was full of mystery and horror. All the other Alien games were based on James Camerons action oriented experience with Pulse Rifles and Smartguns.  Creative Assembly are the first developer to go back to the roots of Alien, and what made the film such a terrifying experience.What this game gives you is pure magnificients in what the original film was all about, tight claustrophobic environments and the 1970s look on the future. With big CRT monitors and huge oversized buttons on every panel and door. This game will make you feel Isolated with tense atmosphere and a menacing Alien that stalks you throughout.With regards to the Alien, it is probably the best A.I I've seen in a game. The Alien truly creates a terror which haunts you throughout the game. You don't have Pulse Rifles or Smartguns, the weapons you do have are completely useless against the Alien. All you have is you're own wits and craftable items which can be used to distract or lure the creature away from you.Some of you may say that 20 hours may seem excessive for a Survival Horror game but I enjoyed it immensely. The game does pace out quite well while giving you breaks from the Alien on certain missions.So for those of you who love Survival Horror you will enjoy this game. If you have patience and are a fan of the Alien Universe, this is the game you have been waiting for!"
76561197979165528,Recommended,214490,12492966,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Nexus,"This is one of the most detailed Alien games you'll play. As an Alien game its great especially as an horror/survival type game.They naild the universe and the gameplay to fit with the amazing locations. I would recommend playing this game on headphones to get the full effect of hearing the Alein as it hunts you down. I will say this is,  Iv'e been through  hell and back with this game go buy it"
76561197992598190,Recommended,214490,12492987,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Zero-One,"Play in a wide variety of closets, look at posters, try to read personal notes and watch family pictures while being distracted by a xenomorph alien killer that tries to get you out of your cozy closet.Enjoy the seamless transition from inside to outside the closet without loading times.Use your motion sensor to detect which closet to choose next. Full oculus rift support enables free look inside the closets, zoom and pan on up to 180° to locate nearby closets from within your current closet.Hi-fidelity audio ensures full closet immersion, including effects as: closet asma, closet deep breath, random metal sounds, squeaky closed door hinges, arms bumping against the closet.11/10  Best Closet Simulator 2137."
,Recommended,214490,12424677,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Charlie4077,"This game is immersive, frightening, and very atmospheric. I've been playing for ten hours now and I can faithfully say that the game is not just about the 'scares' (jump scares, creepy moments, etc.) The game builds everything up. It makes you truly feel like you are essentially alone in your struggle with the monstrous creature hunting you.For any fan of the Alien series, this is a fantastic game. For any fan of the first Alien movie, this is a masterpiece. Every door you open, every vent you enter, and every table or closet you pass could provide a temporary safe haven to hide and catch your breath, or it could spell your doom at the claws of the creature.The Alien cannot be predicted nor can it be killed. It has one of the most, if not the most, advanced and clever AIs I have ever seen. It has no predictable patterns, it has no patrol cycles, it has no definite movements. It is truly an animal. There is only one Alien and, as such, it cannot be killed in gameplay. It can barely be repelled, though repelling it will only result in it being peeved off.Avoiding it isn't easy either. I myself walked slowly out of a room, motion tracker in hand, and noticed a blip right on top of me. I couldn't see the creature anywhere so I assumed that it was on another level, until I saw a slow trail of slime dribbling from an overhead vent.Moments such as that are particularly frightening when you consider that I was already hiding from another, much more human, enemy. I didn't think I even needed to be worried about the Alien at that point, having played many games in my lifetime. Typically, when one enemy in this type of game has made itself a major problem, there is no need to worry about the others at the moment. With Alien: Isolation, this is not the case.Even when you are surrounded by a group of friendly survivors, you are not safe forever. You are constantly being hunted. You never know when the creature could drop from an overhead vent and rip apart every last person in the room. If you let your guard down for even one second, you could easily find a spike through your abdomen.Overall, I'd give this game a 9.5/10 based purely off of what I've seen so far. This is the Alien game we've been waiting 35 years to see. It's scary, creative, and it really knows how to suck you in. If you haven't purchased this game yet, I highly recommend you do so. It is well worth the price."
,Recommended,214490,12486337,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,CyborgJester,One of the scariest games i've played in a long time! The atmosphere feels like it's right from Alien. This game is not for the faint of heart as there are many intense scares possible at ALL times during the game! Way to go devs! Finally an Alien's Series game worth buying
,Recommended,214490,12487481,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,hellfire,"Despite all of its known flaws and some late-game frustration while playing on the Hard difficulty, it is a unique expirience unlike any other out there..and the best game in the whole alien franchise yet (for me). So I do recommend to give it a try"
,Recommended,214490,12487553,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Jereth Bane,"The game was a amazing, everything I could have hoped for in a horror genra game. that is untill I hit the game ending glitch at the end of chapter fifteen other then that no problems. im hoping they will patch it up though, then I can finish my game and all will be right with the world. Assuming of course that this glitch is fixed this game could posibly be my new absolute favorite game. still recomending to all those looking for a good thrill."
76561197973077366,Recommended,214490,12488041,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Crisp,Hands down best singleplayer game I've ever played. Everything from AI behaviour to how the sound works in the game is spot on!
76561197972209883,Recommended,214490,12390190,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Stulky,"I have re-reviewed this game as I make a terrible mistake when I boiught it. My original review is below here and my modified review is below that under the hashes....I was sooo hopeful on this game. I decided to start easy to get into it. So I played the 'Last Survivor' intro game. Even on 'Easy' it's pretty much impossible. Once you get into the hanger it's pure chance that you can get the door switch set and hide before you die. Once you do hide, again it's chance as to whether you can get out of your hiding place before you get found. The Alien seems to pace around you always within range of the detector, then runs towards where you are.Very little skill in the game, all down to chance. Very fustrating. Obviously made for consoles as the controls are all based around the XBOX controller. Little in the arena of help or explanation of what to do. I found my self pressing keys at random to see how to get to the 'Crafting menu' I haven't found it yet.My biggest gripe is that you can get too close to things for them to work, e.g. doors and too close to pick up objects. So when you're being chased by the Alien, if to step too close to a door (Lets be honest, you're running anyway) you can't open the door to get away, you have to start backing up to get far enough away then the 'Press 'E' monika comes up and you can try to open the door. Obviously way before you can do that you're dead.Very very fustrating and ooh what a shame.#######################OK, so Now I've discovered my mistakes I've now played the game to completion. The actual game, not some DLC which I thought was an intro to the game *sigh, It's an age thing*.I loved it. Initially I thought I would get sick to death of being hunted by the Alien, but the developers thought of that and you aren't hunted for the entire game. The plot moves along at a pace and keeps you interested. The environment is fantastic, claustrophobic a lot of the time as you hide in corners and pipes, then you walk around a corner and there is a picture window looking out over the station down to the gas giant that you're in orbit around, the contrast adding to the spectacle. Spend too much time admiring the view can be a problem though ;)The androids are creepy as hell and very atmospheric. Their background chatter just adds to their creepiness.The detail in the environment is extremely good, I particularly liked the nodding birds from the original movie. A lot of time has been spent trying to get the original atmosphere from Alien into the game, with a lot of success. On many occasion I found my heart pounding and my hands sweating as I cringed away from the sound of the Alien just around the corner. The use of music is exceptional and adds to the game in more than just an atmospheric manner, a lot of the time you find yourself picking up clues from it without conciously noticing. Very skilled development.What more can I say? good sound, graphics and gameplay. It's a decent length for a game too. Not too short and not bloated with padding just make it seem worth the money. There is none of this 'go to point A to get 'X', not go to point B with X, now go back to point 'A' to get 'Y' now go back to point 'B' which I find in too many games and drives me scatty. Like I said before the plot moves on through the station. When you do find yourself vising the same locations it's usually unexpected and you've come in from a different angle and will leave by another angle. Some locations are straight out of the film, the computer room for one and the breakfast lounge for another. It really gets the heart pounding when you find yourself in a location you recognise from the film.My only gripe (Yep just one) is that you can get too close to things for them to work. That still bugs me like it did in first review..OK I know this is a very different re-review, from my first one, but like I've said, I mistook the DLC mini game for an intro to the main game. The main  game is excellent and I would happily recommend this to anyone, especially if you're an Alien fan.Go buy it, play it and enjoy."
,Recommended,214490,12594027,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,jeter123,WOW
76561198035237282,Recommended,214490,12594779,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Kristytits,"What can I say? Terrifying. Harrowing. Incredibly thematic and thoughtful. In a word, painful - but so much fun."
,Recommended,214490,12398301,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Darth Sarian,"I was pleasantly  suprised when I came home from work and Alien Isolation was already released. The time I spent on the game was filled with a great atmosphere, very true to the Aliens universe. This is the Alien game we've been waiting years to come out.EDIT: So after getting through the majority of this game, I'm stiill having a blast playing. Everything is authentic to the Alien stlye. There was great care to get everything as close to the original Alien as possible. Even the vents look and sound just like they did in the movie. As for the Alien itself, its every bit of killing machine the first movie made it out to be. And it learns fast. The same trick might not always work. Or it might but for how long? The game is very long especially in comparison to most games out today where a handful of hours will see you to the end. If youre a horror fan and/or an Alien fan, def. get this game.Check out my gameplay footage and see for yourself:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKGIyp3Lzhw9zPctqADzVfRqLwU0RHrba"
76561197973103971,Recommended,214490,12452738,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,xer0derm,"Only about an hour in.  I like some things but dislike others.Pros:-Environment is visually stunning on an outdated card.  I have a Radeon 5800 HD and it I can still run it on ultra and it looks awesome.  I love the fact I didn't have to break the bank to buy a new card.-So far, no unneccassary shooting and killing of stupid AI.  I am more becoming immersed in the story and environment.-Very few cut scenes.  I am constantly playing and exploring.Cons:- I feel like the game is just stealing ideas because it can.  For example, since you get stranded you dont have access to a lot tools or weapons so you have to collect random items and then blueprints to put them together.  It seems an awful lot like Bioshock, except in 'Shock it made more sense.- You can only interact with certain things.  In 2014 I would like to be able to kick, push, pick up a box just because.  It seems silly that clogged luggage in a conveyer belt can prevent me from moving forward.  In reality I should be able to pick it up and move it out of the way.- The game is very linear so far.  I have to x in order for y to happen.  I can't deviate and go my own way.All in all:I'm intrigued at least.  I think the game has potential, and learning that it's so long gives me hope that more is in store.  I have not yet met the alien but I do get that sense of tension.  I love the world and a lot of what exists.  By far it is so much better than Colonial Marines.  Unlike a lot of others people, I actually like the fact there is no multiplayer.  I'm not a multiplayer kind of player and I feel like for once in a long time they focused more on the storyline than on quick kills.  I do recommend it."
,Recommended,214490,12396634,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Darkage Toaster,"TL:DR It's  a good game, buy itThis game, this game, THIS GAME! This game is awesome. It is visualy pleasing and thats putting it mildly, the graphics and astetics of Alien; Isolation is fantastic, the music and audio is brillantly constructed and put together to create the atmosphere that started a cult classic. From the opening to the credits everything not only looks like it's from the Alien movie but actualy FEELS like it's from the movie.The game play is intelegently designed and well thought out I love the ""peeking"" mechanics of this game, something i haven't seen before.That said there are a few minor things that need to be addressed (most of these things will probably be patched),  One thing I have noticed is that the A.I. is a bit buggy when you need to follow someone, it doesn't always seem to pick up the player as being next to them and will not move until the player has completely past it. Another thing is for a horror game I wasn't overly scared there are plenty of times when I was nervious but not scared. This is more a personal thing if anything as I have loved this franchise since I was a kid and have played many Aliens games and survival/horror in the past. Over all however an excelent buy."
76561198113626242,Recommended,214490,12396702,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,IMP429,This Alien game is the one everyone wanted not the past ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ones this games feels amzaing It feels like a real Alien experience and it goes back to the first alien film in 1986 i think the 80's technolgy in the game completes the atmosphere of the game it feels scrary the sounds/audio in the game is amazing now I just enough into the game to see the alien and he is a real boss he is a badass and really smart so watch out trust Get This Game! :D
76561198049038380,Recommended,214490,12396707,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Gwynbleidd,THANK YOU CREATIVE ASSEMBLY. This game is a dream come true for us old school Alien fans. The attention to detail is staggering. Thank you!
76561197972795151,Recommended,214490,12396711,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,♠RP♠ Rage Quit,"First glimpse of the zeno 2.9 hours in. Just a shape in shadows.  Got away to get killed another way. Actually, got chills once.Suspense builder for sure. Looks and feels great. Environmental design is a perfect blend of 1980's kitch and sci-fi.First Alien title to not be disapointed in.Warning this is a stealth game for sure. Not another bug hunt."
,Recommended,214490,12396721,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Ahordofchocobos,"I have been with the alien games sense the Aliens Vr Predator game came out and have loved the game styles. This game is still keeping up to par, the alien can be prodiceted but has a tendancy to change very fast. the humans feel just like humans who would be in a panic, and the synthetics oh god just stay away from them as much as possible. over all this game feels like aliens mixed with portals intense puzzle system (trying to figure out how to get around enemies). over all i feel like it is a good game.ps: stay away from vents if the alien is around, does not help as much as you would think."
,Recommended,214490,12414472,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,GRIMM11,This is how you make an Alien game. 10/10
,Recommended,214490,12414631,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,d-Metrius,Неплохо!
76561198011445049,Recommended,214490,12414650,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Crazy,11/10 GOTY for me. If your a fan of the Alien movies this is a must have
,Recommended,214490,12414805,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Andy,"A truly great game, very tense, and of the ~20 hours I have spent *trying* to complete this game, around 16 of them were hiding in lockers, air vents, under tables etc etc.The final third of the campaign dragged on a little too long, which is a shame because some things became a little repetitive. However, overall its a game I'm happy I've spent £30 on, and I'll be going back to play it when the new DLCs come out."
76561197969413158,Recommended,214490,12414838,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,suzuki_stumpy,"Hot damn ... this is one of the most tense experiences I've ever had with a computer game.  Highly recommended.  Play at night, with all the lights off and you'll not be disappointed."
,Recommended,214490,12414989,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Spasmoid,Never clenched my butt cheeks this hard while playing a game.10/10.
76561197994381144,Recommended,214490,12415059,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,BLACK-ANGEL,scarey as hell
76561198060053315,Recommended,214490,12415380,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cake Newell,you can make spastic movements by holding  SHIFT and rapidally C10/10 :D
,Recommended,214490,12415539,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Diesel Uterus,This is the best Alien game ever made! Bravo Creative Studios!
76561198046258697,Recommended,214490,12415588,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Little_Bewbies,"Simply put, this game is amazing. At just around 9 hours in, I've only encountered the xenomorph a handful of times and already I am terrified.Is the game relentless? Yes. Is it brutal? Absolutely. Is it terrifying? You have no idea...Alien: Isolation is true SURVIVAL HORROR. Your death is always just one mis-step, one wrong decision, one breath away. Every thing, every situation you encounter in this game could potentially spell your doom. Even the environment seems out to get you. This game HATES you, and wants you dead.The art direction, level design and graphic quality are easily some the best I have ever seen.  The Sevastopol literally folds you into its arms and whispers vitriolic and hateful death threats in your ear.Play it. 10/10"
76561198116331875,Recommended,214490,12395305,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SomeCatPizza,I pooped a little.12/10
,Recommended,214490,12416412,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Captain SwellHell,Best alternative to fiber
76561198094267081,Recommended,214490,12416872,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,[MGU] LyxNyte,Highly recommend playing this if your a fan of the Alien series. This game should be in the hall of fame.
76561198042327876,Recommended,214490,12416905,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Jake Masters,Outstanding survival/sim that really captures the original Alien movie.If you ever wonder what it would be like to be in that situation and would you survive?Get this game and play it on hard!!Amazing AI as well the Alien has...I challenge you to find better......
76561197976281913,Recommended,214490,13560523,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Skarn,"Closest I've ever felt to being immersed in the terror and excitement of the Alien universe. Nightmares and fears preyed upon superbly. No matter how many times and how close or far away my encounters were, the Alien creature's appearance never failed to make my pulse quicken and fight or flight kick in. Never have I felt more uneasy since being home alone as a child and hearing the sounds of some 'thing' in the house, in the dark. Turning my back on the Alien, having seen it in the hallway or next room, to crawl as fast and as quietly to desperately hide was terrifying. Not knowing if I had been seen, not knowing if the next thing I would *feel* is the hiss and screech of *it* right behind me and the wrenching and tearing of bone and flesh as I am impaled or rent.Loved it.Minor beefs - the immersion was rarely lost for a moment when the creature clipped through some small space/hiding spot door. Times when I *know* I should not have been spared I was oddly ignored by the Alien, though a play through on the next difficulty up may resolve this."
,Recommended,214490,13576771,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pish,"The first encounter with a xenomorph was the most intense and horrifying first-time experience I ever had in a video game, discrowning the first encounter with the invisible water monster from Amnesia: The Dark Descent . I can't even imagine how would the next encounters be like. T_T"
76561198095498888,Recommended,214490,13578422,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Constantine,"Doctor diagnoised me with Bradycardia. Bought A:I, now I'm cured. Thanks, Creative Assembly!"
,Recommended,214490,13579433,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Jyn Erso,Barely played any of it and almost pee'd my pants
76561198060235205,Recommended,214490,13580272,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Space Tsar,This game is chaotic and stressful and horrifying...10/10
,Recommended,214490,13581781,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Worty,Insane
,Recommended,214490,13582215,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hennessey,"Well done, Alien: Isolation. You're the first game to really scare me."
,Recommended,214490,13332499,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,|H|H| Fr3ddi3,"It's a claustrophobic tension filled scarefest where you play a long, high stakes game of hide and seek with a single very intelligent, very fast and really bloody scary xenomorph,  sometimes there are more present threats to deal with, some of them enviromental some of them 'Alive', as such the Alien takes a back seat every so often but it's always around waiting to end you if you put a foot wrong. Its an outstading game that i cannot praise enough.Finally we have Alien game thats worth the time."
76561197968869607,Recommended,214490,13332811,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,A Bugbear,I'm too scared to play it.Then I bought the DLC and noped out after 5 minutes.Totally worth it.
,Recommended,214490,13332931,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,Awesome
76561198037043669,Recommended,214490,13369168,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,closecall81,Just finished Alien: Isolation. All I have to say is Ellen Ripley should be proud of her daughter Amanda Ripley because she's just as hardcore as her mom. Also great game if you are a fan of the movies or if you like beautiful space horror survival games. Difficult but compelling to complete.
76561197963553981,Recommended,214490,13369832,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Mr Bones,"I love this game.. probably the best thing that's happened in gaming for a long time, a refreshing change."
76561198015947062,Recommended,214490,13364459,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,m4_223,"Hands down the most nerve-racking, intense and terrifying video game I have ever played. So much so I can only play it in 20-30 minutes intervals lol. I have been a fan of the ALIEN franchise since seeing ALIEN on the big screen back in '79. I enjoyed the other video games but you don't get the full emotional effect as they are all rack-up-the-body-count shooters.I think the scariest aspect of the game (so far) is the atmosphere. I LOVE the atmosphere. It really gives you the '79-feel and throws you in head first. The sets, the darkness, the flashing lights, the ambient sounds and the creepy musical score are the real stars of this game. Then they throw in the Big Chap just to keep you on your toes. If you like stealth games, this is definitely for you. I HIGHLY recommend it. I also HIGHLY recommend playing Alien: Isolation at night, with the lights off, with the surround sound nice and loud ;-)"
76561198006659730,Recommended,214490,12403919,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Sleek Elk,The only thing we have that gives us a real sense of encountering the perfect organism...
,Recommended,214490,12403923,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,5-0H,Pretty awesome so far. I haven't even seen a Xenomorph yet and I've♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself twice.
76561198077705876,Recommended,214490,12395102,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,dirty_soap_dish,"I will be calling my therapist first thing in the morning. I bought this game for one reason only....atmosphere. Some may find the combat a little clunky...and that's fair. But when it comes to scaring the crap out of you, well folks...this is it. Wonderful graphics, great sound, so glad they incorportated the original Alien theme....be advised I am quite biased towards Alien. I was only 8 years old in 1979 and my mother, in her screwed up wisdom, saw fit to take me to see it on the big screen....Dadeland Cinema, Miami, Fl. Couldn't sleep for a week. Thanks, Ma...rest your soul.My only regret is that H.R. Giger is no longer with us. He would have enjoyed this effort.Just remember, play it on a powerful system to get the most out of it and don't hate because you don't have the hardware to cope with the graphics."
,Recommended,214490,12395248,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Inyourfacebook,"This is the most authetic alien experience I've ever seen in a video game. I'll be honest with you, I love shooting xenomorphs, but now because of this game I like running from them. This isn't just a good alien game. This is good stealth and survival horror. If you like any of the alien movies you have to try this. The environments are just so real, and you never really feel safe, even when nothing is on the motion tracker."
76561198050290447,Recommended,214490,12395274,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,172 driver,"This game is awesome. It's like watching and interacting with a true sequel to Alien. I haven't felt this scared since I saw the film for the first time. For those of you who dig slow suspensful build similar to bioshock but more insanely scary, go for it!! If you crave more action, it might be a pass."
76561197971367383,Recommended,214490,12395534,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Surrexen,"Started off with crew expendable, completed a couple of objectives, hid under a table for a while cause I was too scared to move, finally plucked up the courage to venture out, went around a few corners, sighted the alien, tried to back away through an airvent, thought I was safe, dragged by the legs back into the vent for a grisly demise.10/10 looking forward to playing more tonight (when its dark) and being eaten again."
76561198027327789,Recommended,214490,12395578,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SgtMacEliot,Gonna have me some fun...
76561198005367930,Recommended,214490,12395600,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Shadowseer,"Fear every vent, even if you haven't heard or seen the Alien in forever. Beautiful game, awsome game mechanics, and an even better story."
,Recommended,214490,12395710,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Gullwing,"This game is like a love letter forAlienfans, truly terrifying and amazing. The atmosphere is very striking, and the Alien AI is the best thing about  this game, you’ll never know what to expect from it. It could be perfect if they did some proper voice acting and facial expressions. Nevertheless I absolutely recommend this game!"
76561198066196211,Recommended,214490,12395800,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,"Kuntfase, The Betrayer","This is a really special game. It delivers an atmospheric feel that should be felt when playing an Alien game. You never feel save and you are always on edge. As a fan of the movie, this game did not let me down. The detail that was put into this game is so immense. Everything from the sounds to the steal mechanics and overall gameplay make this on a must buy. Last but not least the visuals are astounding. Hiding in a locker and seeing the Xenomporph's saliva spilling out of its mouth with the spine tingling growl is so terrifying but enjoyable because I feel like I am watching the original movie when I am playing this game.10/10-EH IGN"
,Recommended,214490,12396041,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Doublechronox™,"What can I say.... This game rock! It is a beautiful looking game. The graphics are 95% flawless with only a rare frame pop. The controls feel great for the most part with only a little hanging from time to time. If you are looking for an easy game, this is not for you. I decided to play the ""Crew Expendable"" DLC/pre-order first and I died A LOT. You have to be very patient and decisive. There are plenty of times that I died because I made my move to early or hesitated. It is never safe to stay on one place for too long. The Alien can go any place you can and it takes a lot of luck and flame to get it to back off, which is only long enought to try and hide.DISCLAIMER: THIS IS NOT AN ACTION GAME WITH BIG GUNS SO COD FANS NEED NOT APPLY UNLESS YOU ARE ONE OF THE FEW THAT ARE REAL GAMERS AND ACTUALLY SEE THE POINT TO LETTING YOURSELF ENJOY EVERY ASPECT GAMING OFFERS."
76561198052668440,Recommended,214490,12396177,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Myapocalypse,1 hour in and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants still :D. an amazing horror game
76561197970526795,Recommended,214490,12396222,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Unholyzen,10/10 a great game it has the right feel and look. scary how good it is i didnt think a game could make me not want to keep playing it in a really good way
,Recommended,214490,12396235,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Gootshall,"This game is absolutely what an Alien (or even any horror game) should be.  I wouldn't call this game perfect, but it is definetely the game I have been looking for since I beat Amnesia.  This game is riddled with nostalgia for the first Alien movie and the game is very well done.  The game looks amazing for a game where you are stuck on a dark space ship, the sounds are great and the characters are decently done.  The Alien itself is pretty scary and I panic everytime I hear the beeper stop and I step out from hiding to keep going and then I hear the beeping again.  Panic mode is on for most of the time playing this game.I will say however it took a bit for the game to get to that point, it didn't take long, but I was at the point where I was saying, ""alright, this is an Alien game, where is the Alien.""With very few gripes about the game, I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great horror game or dare I finally say it, a great Alien game."
76561198007335940,Recommended,214490,12447888,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,stan34,good game
76561198024190776,Recommended,214490,27274480,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RadioSupreme,The crash dummies in this game literally recreated my childhood nightmares. 11/10
,Recommended,214490,27274935,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fiction,Scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me 10/10
76561197970496490,Recommended,214490,27202788,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Villnius,Probably the best Alien sequel since Aliens.  If only the movie sequels were as good.
76561198039173219,Recommended,214490,27260271,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lenisha,The only game in which I barely do anything but just hide in a locker and hope for the best. Interesting way to spend my free time. But I do it again. And somehow like it. Weird.
,Recommended,214490,27258355,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BlueTurret,I'm pretty sure this game deserves The “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award. Even though it's the villain that does thefacehugging.
76561198012128192,Recommended,214490,27273536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FaceXpalm,10/10 Will poop pants again.
76561198043057624,Recommended,214490,27318042,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zaf_,"There is something extremely efficient in the way Alien: Isolation puts you into the skin of Amanda Ripley. I'm not usually a big fan of games that scares the bejesus out of you. I couldn't go through more than 30 minutes of Amnesia: The Dak Descent. But Alien, I mean. You gotta try Alien right ?This game is amazing. It's scary but I couldn't let it go either.It's visually stunning, the story is really cool, it fits pretty well in the Alien universe and my cat almost made me crap my pants jumping on my chair while I was playing.Did I mention this game is scary ?Anyway. Buy it. It's good.Also I played it on Linux (ubuntu 16.04) using a Steam Link to play it on mt TV and it worked perfectly. You should use a Steam Controller though because for some reason a PS4 controller will act up."
76561197972764451,Recommended,214490,27339604,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Grant,"This isn't just a game, it's a terrifying experience time and time again! Save your progress at every save point.I was worried I would get bored with the hiding / stealth element of the game however as you get further and further into the story line there is so much more to it and I was blown away by the way it drew me in and kept me coming back to die and die again. Save your progress at every save point.This is one of the best single player experiences you can have with a rich and gripping story that you play centre role in. Save your progress at every save point.The Alien is menacing, fast and seemingly indestructable however crafting items can help you deal with those lax moments of judgement  that result in your death and believe me, you will die - a lot! Don't forget to save your progress at every save point.Now trying the harder settings which have got me back into round two playthrough and determined to evade the Alien at every corner.......Save your progress at every save point.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,17058839,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Simon_Smartypants,"One of the best horror experiences I have had, ever. I wasn't an Aliens fan, but this game has sparked an everlasting bond."
76561197986359367,Recommended,214490,27318813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leidan_Wing,"There are typically two types of games based on movies. Those which are only done take advantage of the movie and grab money (normally being really bad), and those who were done by people who really loved the movie(s) the game is based on. Alien Isolation is probably the best example of the second category (with KotOR's permission).It's atmospheric like no other game I've played before, and it will make you feel as if you had been sucked inside a set of the original film 40 years ago. On top of that, you have the alien, which is a masterpiece of enemy AI design, who will make you sweat and crave for the next safe zone.Totally recommended whether you're a fan of the films or not.P.S. The alien does indeed need a hug :)"
76561197994543141,Recommended,214490,27337498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vormav,"Even in aesthetics alone this game is a Yes for me.  Ambience is great, and it's pretty much a rollercoaster ride.  That said, eventually the alien becomes more of an annoyance than a danger, but there are still lots of fun to be had.  Definitely worth playing through at least once on any difficulty."
,Recommended,214490,27343994,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[OTW] FatApollo,"I don't think I've ever been scared playing a game. Till this one. If you like the Alien movies, have an over active imagination and enjoy hiding under tables, buy this game."
,Recommended,214490,27341875,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,andy,"I have only played this game for a little bit (long enough to get my face chewed off in my first alien encounter) but it is bloody stunning!  The level of detail is incredible, from the lighting and atmospherics, to the sound, to the retro-futuristic homage they're paying to the original movie.  This game is hugely engrossing and I, based on the short amount of time I’ve played, really can’t praise it high enough or recommend it more, especially if you have any affection for the Alien movies or like a bit of sci-fi/horror/suspense."
76561198010988761,Recommended,214490,27341956,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Voxae,"Great game, the atmosphere of it all really keeps you on the edge of your seat."
76561198027609298,Recommended,214490,27287430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,moto715,"Have to get through a locked door.The Alien is looking for me.Coast is clear, I start hacking the lock.Hear growling behind me.Turn around just in time to see the Alien eat my face.10/10 would crap pants again."
,Recommended,214490,19251568,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Kellerkindt,"*in a locker, nothing to hear* - ""okay so lets open the door and -"" *rumble*rumble* ""-screw that, the locker is comfy""Runs fine on Linux"
76561198071026543,Recommended,214490,27323527,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ning Boi,this game increased my risk of heart attack. so great if you got a heart condition...11/10 IGN
76561197980059752,Recommended,214490,27324785,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✯қоєқ&ᴃаққєя✯,"Had 1 playthrough about 2 years ago, and I probably won't ever play it again. That may sound bad, but in this case, it's probably the best compliment I can give this game."
,Recommended,214490,27329634,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hitman x85x,Best game I have ever played
,Recommended,214490,14920398,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Christian Gamer,Fab game! Absolute blinder! Coming from a background of mainly FPS since I started gaming in 1995 (Serious Sam; Doom; Half Life; Deus Ex; Counter Strike; Borderlands) I was willing to give this game a go because of the previous Alien games. However my misgivings about not being able to shoot everything in sight gave way to genuine enjoyment of the immersive cinematic storyline and rewarding stealth and mission based action. There are plenty of surprises and a very hand flame thrower. It feels like you are in the film. A joy to play (although slightly fear inducing to begin with...). Get this game! The longer you play it the better you will like it. A game you just do not want to end.
,Recommended,214490,14891062,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Nergal,You are becoming hystericallet me help you.
,Recommended,214490,14900081,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,one ✘,"very stunning and scary experience but after some levels it was boring. find this, do that etc. but still, I recommended it"
76561198017828995,Recommended,214490,15088666,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Billydash,YUP
,Recommended,214490,15093481,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Azznerak,This game made me jump and spill my bong water....Nice.
,Recommended,214490,15094175,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dark Voltage,10/10
,Recommended,214490,15094777,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Kims,"+Great atmosphere+Great visuals+Unpredictable Alien+Good voiceacting-Unpredictable Alien (Certain deaths just feel very cheap)-Checkpoints. You cant save the game, you have to find savepoints.8/10 - Dont listen to IGN..PS, if you start it on hard difficulty you will probably regret it."
,Recommended,214490,15082310,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Spliter,One of my favourite games of all time. It has a great beginning middle and finish. Though it does tend to meandera bit too long near the end.This is the game Alien deserved.
,Recommended,214490,15082488,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,undead #2,Excelente e assustador...adorei...
,Recommended,214490,15096210,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,AssociatetheMerryMercenary,This game is awsome but JESUS CHRISTIm of a younger age and loved the first three alien films and this game is amazing and when i play im constantly gawking at the envoirment's details (which i have to run on low for it to run smoother but is still looks good even then.) This game is really close to the feeling of the first alien movie and it is great.BUT IF YOU CANT HANDLE STRESSFUL SITUATIONS DO NOT GET THIS. This game is extremely intence and your never quite sure weather something is near by (in the begining because you dont know the audio ques WHICH ARE VERY IMPORTANT.) I've only played 2 hours and it is very good so far.
76561198010862444,Recommended,214490,15097675,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,ridley,Have just completed Alien Isolation and it really is a great game. The graphics and gameplay are really well thought through and the controls are intuitive. It is very much in the style of the original Alien movie with fear and dread being interwoven throughout the game. The best bits are the stealth and needing to be aware of where your enemy is situated. Creating nifty devices will really help you out. The Working Joes are a pain but I found a well placed pipe bomb or a blast from a flamethrower does the deed. Later in the game the Working Joes do get tougher so a bit of thought is required to get you through some levels.Overall - a sound gaming experience and well worth giving up your time and money if you are a stealth fan who likes Alien. No complaints
76561198045358031,Recommended,214490,15098977,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Reinbach,"This game captures both the feeling of the original movie and the sense of dread and helplessness spot on. I usually view myself as an pretty jaded gamer that can go through most horror games without even flinching or watch an ""oh-so-scary"" horror movie and find myself bored out of my skull.But this game... It really managed to make me feel small, helpless, vulnerable and scared. There was a couple of times I found myself watching over my own shoulder just to make sure that there was nothing behind me and what I had just heard really just was the sound from the game. Or as I said to one of my friends after my first encounter with the titular creature: ""This game is not okay! Like, at all! WHY did I buy this!? WHY did I spend money on something that scares me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!?""So all in all, for it's superb atmosphere, graphics, faithfullness to the original and for showing people how survival horror really is done I give Alien: Isolation an solid and well deserved 10 out of 10! :D Good job guys and gals!"
76561197970343613,Recommended,214490,14088995,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,the baron,"A glorious homage to the original Alien film, capturing the look and sound perfectly and gradually introducing motifs from the original soundtrack throughout the game. Almost embarrassingly thrilling to discover voice-notes recorded by the original cast later in the game too. It completely immerses you in the Alien/Nostromo universe. Where it falls down for me is in mechanics - there seem to be very limited options for tackling the various adversaries you'll encounter, and while that fits in with the overall concept of the game and its vulnerable, human protagonist, it means that gameplay itself can become a faintly tedious creep-hide-creep-hide experience. Perhaps I approached it in the wrong way, expecting to be able to tackle an area with a combination of stealth and action - this game is not as flexible as say, Dishonored. Having said that, it does deliver in the tension department - hiding in a locker, drawing back and holding your breath (in game, and in real life!) when the Alien is right outside the door is just one example.I've just finished the main story, have yet to try the other game modes and the DLC (a bit annoyed that the Season Pass doesn't include all of it, unlike Season Passes I've bought for other games), so will be going back to it, but I think I'm unlikely to replay the original game right through again.  Even having said all this, the best Alien game I've ever played (and I go all the way back to 'Aliens' on the ZX Spectrum!).Should mention the game seemed rather crash-prone on my normally reliable system, seems to have settled down after a recent large update but for a time it was impossible to get it to even get past the loading video without crashing to the desktop, but the following day it would work again."
,Recommended,214490,15100264,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Scelest,"Feels exactly like the movies. Immersive, tense, put me on edge and made it so stressful to move when I first encountered the xenomorph for the first time. Great buy, espcially at under $13!"
,Recommended,214490,15101072,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Grant,"9.5/10♥♥♥♥♥♥myself 3 times.Seriously though, this game was the Alienn game we've been waiting for. It's not some stupid shoot em up game, its alot more than that.I suggest you read other reviews as they can explain it more than me.Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198182040802,Recommended,214490,27393421,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cryo,"For a hardcore Alien fan this is a must play!The atmosphere is awsome, lighting is amazing it gives you the creeps.The story follows Ripleys daughter as she tries to stay alive on a spacestation where aliens try to kill you, people trying to kill you, droids are trying to kill you and eventually the environment is trying to kill you. It's a never ending strugle.You spend most of the time hiding in lockers not breathing or dieing. You will feel the urge to teach your controller to fly and hating on your friends/relatives/wife/kids that creep on you or call you while you are playing thisFave fun!Issues:Lip syncing, alien movement"
,Recommended,214490,16803792,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Special Agent,"Run into locker, try to look to the side, but click E instead. Alien is right next to me, try to run back into locker, gets stabbed into gut and gets face torn off.10/10 would get face torn off because I clicked ""E""."
76561197971291834,Recommended,214490,27150171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RogueTM,"'Tis a good game, buy it."
,Recommended,214490,26763803,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wadu,"I am not a fan of stealth games, I rarely have the patience for them.  That said the alien universe is amazingly reproduced here and the story is great.  This was a fantastic game in a genre I usually dislike.  Listen to the reviews and play it, this sat on my play queue for far too long."
76561197999979705,Recommended,214490,26758572,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,xoKitsuneox,Fun game to play in the dark.
76561198015682684,Recommended,214490,26827089,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Akarhogy,"Atmosphere, graphics, sounds, and effects are all great. The feeling that you are on a spaceship is there. The collectible audiofiles are great to get to know the backstory of the ship.There are not many jumpscares, but hearing the Xenomorph move around creeps you out, and makes the game harder, mainly on decisions, when to proceed and when to hide just one more minute. But even then, you cannot hide forever. The Xenomorph is learning, and will know after a while where you are. The Androids are also kind, but can be brutal, if they find you at places you should not be at all.There are living people on the ship, but not all of the are friendly. Yes, you will get to know some of them, either by finding their keycards, or by meeting them. but in the end, it is all about you and the monster.Happy escaping."
76561197971955520,Recommended,214490,26838945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lunar,"Hands down the best game ever made in the Alien universe. As a lifelong fan of the Alien franchise, this game was a welcome addition to the lore, and will get your heartrate going. A must buy for any Alien fan, and highly recommended even if you aren't."
,Recommended,214490,26847222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hovinalle,"One of the most atmospheric Alien games out there. Controls and game mechanics might take some getting used to, but well worth it."
76561198269023590,Recommended,214490,30912853,Posted: 2 April,all,HEREWARD,Not quite a masterpiece as some have said but a pretty good effort nonetheless. The suspense comes from the save system. You do this manually at set points throughout a level but the problem is the alien which is stalking you. Reaching these save points is essential to preserve your progress and hence the suspense.As far as the story goes it is pretty solid and well acted.  Scatered about are terminals and audio journals  which provide additional story background and in some cases are essential for you to proceed.The game also includes a crafting element which seems obligatory these days. It works well enough. When you find a blueprint you then gain the ability to craft that item using the junk you have collected.In addition to the alien you will have to contend with the synthetics which become increasingly hostile as the game progresses.  They can be killed but this is generally a last resort because of the limited weaponry at your disposal. You can only carry 3 of each of the device based weapons and ammunition for the rest is limited.A few other bits and pieces complete the picture. Some terminals and doors require hacking which consists of various simple mini games. When doing these the game does not pause so you can still be killed. Finally there are the rewire junctions which give you the option to divert power from one system to another. A good idea but unfortunately it is used less and less as the game goes on.I'd give it 4/5 but not for its current price of £29.99. I think £15 is more realistic. It's a good game but comes up short as far as variety is concerned. A lot of going backwards and forwards to complete various tasks. A minor bug as well. You can slow to a crawl sometimes and the only cure I found was to quit and restart.  Thankfully this is not very often but it's a shame they never fixed this.
,Recommended,214490,26830577,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spoiler Alert,Nominated for 'Villain in most need of a hug' award.
,Recommended,214490,27027008,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ocean,returning to play this game again. it continues to make you feel like a traped little girl as you play the deadleist game of cat and mouse.
76561197998834089,Recommended,214490,17108950,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Scott D,"Klaxons wailing and strobes flickering:Thump: :Thump: :Ssssss:Your heart skips a beat while something hunts you down.  Peering out of a locker slit you're unsure if the xenomorph is beside you or above you in a vent.  Turning on the tracker will alert it to your presence.  So you wait....and waitThis game requires a lot of patience.  If you have none then move on to another game. You'll need to move cautiously and slowly throughout the station.  The xenomorph is only one problem as malfunctioning synthetics and trauma stricken humans will kill you just as quickly as the alien.  So try not to kick that soda can too often or someone or something will come looking.  I did play this on hard though so maybe if you need a little less stress in your gaming play it on easy just for the experience.The Good:I thoroughly enjoyed this game.  I tried to envelope myself in the world to truly experience it.  I would recommend headphones for the full effect.  Not only does this help with locating the xenomorph when it's walking around looking for you but it brings you into the world a little better.The retro/nostalgic art is fantastic down to the VHS-esque intro screen, the old DG-esque computers, and quirky 70's-early 80's sound effects.  It really brought me back to an environment that terrified me as a child.  The designers did a great job creating an entire space station that matches the movies quite well.The bad (but not really bad):I don't have anything too negative to say about this game.  Yes, it does become annoying at times when the xenomorph seems infatuated with you.  There are other humans on the station but it reacts like a pesky mosquito with you, never easing up.  However, we wouldn't have a game if the alien left you alone and you were free to roam the ship and do whatever to only rarely see the alien.  There were a couple instances where I had gotten so frustrated with the game as I repeatedly tried to do something and presto the magic bunny-morph was right there to put a hole in my head....over...and over.  Once you get used to dying it's less frustrating and you can even get an achievement for excessive deaths!  Hooray for dying!Regardless, I found no glitches or crashes so I'll gladly support any developer that brings a solid product to PC in the days of craptastic ports.  So I would highly recommend picking this up if you like to play virtual hide and seek or want to experience the terror of having a large killing machine hunt you down.  I'm not so sure the younger generation will have the same experience that some of us will though since we watched the movies as kids so we already have that trauma and apprehension in our heads."
,Recommended,214490,27043110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,squirrlus,how about a sequel eh?
,Recommended,214490,27054587,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mickeyvpn,I really enjoyed this game. It's shows you how does it feel to be inside dead ship with an alien on your tail. Every aspet of the game is well-made.
76561198105338319,Recommended,214490,26997538,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Lexus X God,This is killing me D:
76561197986993877,Recommended,214490,26997690,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Capitão Portugal,"Best Survival Horror game I have ever played. Great progression and character development. The AI of the Alien is surprisingly good and only very rarely does it follow you somewhere due to some almighty awareness. If it's after you, you probably did something you shouldn't have. And a word of caution: it is not an easy game (I still have to finish it myself). 9/10"
76561197982107576,Recommended,214490,26995184,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iNocturne,2spooks4me
,Recommended,214490,27036594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elegant Goblin In Africa,"I just love the game, but i can't play it for more than 5 minutes without needing benzodiazepines, or a defribillator, not necessarily mutually exclusive. Just buy it, you will regret it but for all the right reasons."
76561197981956144,Recommended,214490,27034695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,huggy2kewl,"This is one of the most intense games I've ever played. I've never played a game before where I would hide in one place for 10 or more minutes in pure terror (and absolutely love it). I don't like the fact that the alien is invensible, while it keeps you on edge it just doesn't make sense to me that you can't kill the dadgum thing. Another plus is that it's a meaty game, I have almost 50 hours invested in this game and it took me about 15 or 20 hours to beat the main game...but I hid and died constantly so a more capable, calm player could probably beat it in less. The DLC is fun if you enjoy the main campain and adds a lot of replayability for trying to get high scores and beat leaderboard bests. One last thing, the game recommends you play the game on the hardest setting the first time you play it for the most freightening experience. They aren't lying but prepare to die a lot; on the hardest setting if you make any mistake and the alien is near you're dead but it absolutely added to the fear factor for me and I'm glad I stuck with it to the end on the hardest setting because I haven't felt this accomplisted of beating a game in a while and I don't think I would have enjoyed the game as much if I hadn't."
,Recommended,214490,27059625,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KrankyChong,Captures the style and atmosphere perfectly
76561197993494747,Recommended,214490,12673636,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,barry.lippard,"Really good game, very slick, has already made me jump a few times, if you loved the films, you will love this game. strong story line, nice graphics, brilliant sound,"
,Recommended,214490,12673981,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,bunn3hh4x,The recreation of the technology visuals and the audio is incredible. Worth every penny for a visually stunning and heart poundingly scary telling of Amanda Ripley's discovery of what happened to her mother aboard the Nostromo. The Survivor & Expendable DLC are also amazing to see how well they recreated most of the Nostromo from the film.
,Recommended,214490,12678256,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,eViscerix,This game is one thrilling experience and an awesome throwback to the Alien movie franchise.
,Recommended,214490,12654572,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Xirtarg,"This is the game that every fan has wanted. You play as the lesser known Ripley, Amanda. She's not as cool as her mother at first, but she's a grower and eventually, you'll love her, just like Ellen!Alien manages to do things to you that most Survival Horror/Action games don't. It scares you even when there's nothing to be scared of. You know the Alien is there, you know it wants to smash through your skull with it's little tongue Alien, and you know that there's a pretty big chance that it will find you and do exactly that. But that's the fun part, the adrenaline rush when you see the Alien scouting for you and knowing that one wrong move is all it takes before it finds you.As long as you behave in a manner like you would in real life when confronted by this kind of situation (i.e. not running around and generally banging on things to attract attention) then the Alien isn't offensive. You feel like the Alien has another purpose, and it's not solely out to get you. There are other survivors on the ship and at times, you feel like they are the ones that are being hunted rather than you being the sole focus of attention.Although you're on the same station pretty much all game, it doesn't feel repetitive, yes, there's a lot of running around to fix/get/do things but because of the nature of the AI and the atmosphere of the game, you never really feel like you've been there and done that, and that is something that should be celebrated.The game itself is huge, and with the DLC you'll be knocking well over 10 hours out of the initial release, and that's something that is pretty rare these days and definitely makes the game great value for money.The story is gripping, and the characters are excellently voiced for the most part, you get a genuine sense of hate for some of them and you feel like some are truly trying their best to help you out.Whether you love the films, or whether you're just a fan of survival horrors, this is a game that I can't recommend enough.If you're still unsure as to whether to get this game or not, then please check my playthrough of it, and make up your own mind from what you see. I've done my best to keep the atmosphere intact so you get a true sense of how the game feels.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXFGo9KZPKs&list=PLsbPERuyqhxxKRFMAq469WPLrzaqaoUbj"
76561197977327509,Recommended,214490,12654650,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Vegas,"Alien: Isolation is a stealth, survival horror with a giant movie franchise behind it. I'm a huge fan of the Alien, Predator games and own every single title. This is by far my most favorite incarnation from the movies surpassing Rebellion's 2000 game AVP by a slim but enthusiastic margin. The game is hard. You will die a lot but those moments where you do succeed you feel a rush from surviving the deadliest monster in movie history. The game is spent eluding your nemesis, using him to kill for you-its a dangerous cat and mouse game with an A.I. that behaves so realistically that you'll swear its alive; scavenging parts to build simple but effective weapons in a rudimentary crafting menu isn't satisfying but servicable. My only 3 negatives are the average voice acting, poorly synced voiceovers to the characters, and occasional clunky animations for the human models. It breaks immerision at times especially since the alien itself is so well animated. I didn't preorder. I waited for the reviews. IGN, GAMESPOT drop the score for the games difficulty and length. PC gamer does a better job with their review. I do not regret spending 90 dollars in getting the Season Pass and extra content. Please support the developer as you can see their heart and soul in this game."
,Recommended,214490,12627197,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,GlennUno,Great game! Except for the fact when i get to the loading screen to start inside the station... the games freezes and i can't play the game from that point onward... niiiiiiice....
76561198047474733,Recommended,214490,12932012,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,gecman,"Bottom Line Up Front: This game was amazing if you're looking for a well paced horror game that does a good job of building suspense.The Good:-Atmosphere is excellent. It's a AAA game, but they spent the budget making a good game rather than having the alien flash its stuff on screen all the time.-The crafting system is fun and most of the items are useful at one point or another-Pacing is pretty good for the most part though there's a few sections where the alien seems to be out for tea or some nonsense and its a bit slow. (Seriously Amanda why the hell can't you run in a space suit?)-Ripley is a likable character if a bit quiet.The Bad:-The ending. Oh god it's bad. So bad. Just play this game up until the last ten minutes and quit. Imagine whatever ending you like and you'll be happier.-Not much character development. Ripley is likable, but too quiet for you to really connect with her.-The alien's AI makes no sense sometimes. At times he'd walk literally on top of me and not do anything. Others he'd spot me from 10 miles out, do his I'm about to f*** you screech, and run my down like the little sissy I was.-Did I mention the ending? As a reminder: it's super sh**.The In Between:-If you liked the sneaky side of things, it kinda goes out the window a bit with the introduction of the flame thrower. If you're like me and just wanted to see what happened that wasn't a huge deal because I was getting vaguely tired of waiting for the alien to finally crawl back into the vents.-If you're looking for an action game you should probably look elsewhere. There isn't a lot of time spent murdering stuff in this game."
,Recommended,214490,12932821,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Aristarchus,"Alien: Isolation provided me with 29 hours of pulse-racing terror. Music & Graphics combined for amazing atmosphere. Mix of Alien, Human, and Android opponents kept levels interesting and challenging. Decent-enough story. Many elements reminded me of System Shock 2.I played through Dishonored twice and enjoyed it's brand of stealth/action. But, Alien: Isolation takes it down. As a fan of the original movie, this is the best stealth/survival/horror game I've ever played."
,Recommended,214490,12933882,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,mr mayor,"A authentic Alien experience. Long, exhausting, and at times absolutely terrifying. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,214490,12935498,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Orineris,"This is quite possibly the best Alien game ever. Be prepared for a slow burn. The Game doesn't overwhelm however, it is very tense. It doesn't jump scare you to death like most horror games now. I can't stop playing it."
76561198006351462,Recommended,214490,12947513,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Torin,"I was skeptical when this game was announced, but I watched gameplay demos and ended up pre-ordering the game almost immediately. It seemed to me from the gameplay I saw that this game was going to feel like watching the original movie felt, and it was really that nostalgia factor that drew me in.StoryYou play as Amanda Ripley, daughter of Ellen Ripley, in the time between the first and second movies. Samuels, a co-worker of Amanda's at the company, seeks her out to tell her that the flight recorder of the Nostromo has been found and that Weyland-Yutani is putting together a team to pick it up. For the sake of closure Amanda agrees to go along.You arrive at Sevastopol, a space station in orbit around a gas giant, and things quickly go wrong. You soon discover that the station is in disrepair, and that it was scheduled to be decomissioned weeks before. You also find out that no ship has visited the station in the same amount of time, and that no one remaining on the station has been able to leave.Sevastopol is not owned by Weyland-Yutani, it is owned by Seegson, but there are similar undertones to the story fragments you can find in the form of recorded audio messages and text files strewn about the station. You do meet other people on Sevastopol as you make your way through to locate the flight recorder and leave, but not many are friendly.Overall I thought the story was believable for the universe its set in, and it even had a few surprises in store for me that I did not expect but thoroughly enjoyed. There were several points where I actually ended up disagreeing with Amanda's actions even as I understood exactly why she was doing them. The overall survival mentality rules over Amanda as much as it does over all of the other characters you meet in the game, including the alien, and this seems to be the central theme of the story.There is also an obvious underlying theme of Amanda trying to discover what happened to her mother. Even though she was only 10 when her mother disappeared there are definite connections Amanda has to Ellen. Amanda is very much like her mother in that she's an engineer and that she has a desire to see things through herself.DesignThe look and feel of everything in the game is painstakingly made to look like it came from the original 1979 movie. Any new item created for the game was made to conform to the idea that if it could not be made in 1979 it would not be added to the game. If nothing else this plays to nostalgia, but it also results in a game world that looks and feels like it belongs in the same universe as the movies, and I applaud the developers to go as far as they did.Sound design is very important to the game since you spend most of your time listening for potential threats, and overall it happens to be handled very well. Occasionally I felt like the music was louder than it needed to be and drowned out the actually important ambient noise, but at the same time it does a very good job of setting the tone.Lighting is also handled very well in the game, and the game looks good even in the dark. You spend a lot of time in the dark in order to avoid threats, but you are given a limited supply of flashlights and flares to supply light and both really add to the atmosphere.GameplayThe gameplay in Alien: Isolation is very similar in many ways to Outlast. You spend a large amount of time crouched down to reduce noise, but you also move more slowly. You don't have night vision, but the head-mounted flashlight and flares act as your portable light sources. The downside to this is that enemies can see your light sources.The people remaining on the station are fighting over supplies and keep to themselves. Anyone you come across on the station is more likely to shoot first and never ask questions, so you have to do your best to avoid them. The androids on the station are also less than friendly, but they happen to be fairly slow. Ocassionally you can run to avoid both humans and androids, but you cannot escape from the alien this way.Fortunately you have a nostalgic motion tracker from the movies, but unfortunately it is only good at tracking in a cone in front of you and it doesn't tell you if the motion is on the same level as you (motion could be above or below you). The motion tracker also acts as your guide giving you an idea of where you need to travel to reach your goals. This is coupled with a map that updates as you walk through new areas, and you can update the map as you go at different locations throughout the game.There are an assortment of gadgets that you can craft from materials you find across the station, but you have to find blueprints to teach you how to make them first. Noisemakers and flashbangs amount to distractions, though the latter can stun humans. You can also make medkits to heal yourself (you have a health bar) and molotovs to deal damage to enemies. You are also given an assortment of weapons over time, most of which do not work on the alien and all of them attract it. These features add some variety to the gameplay, but they don't decrease the difficulty and still promote stealth.Save points are included in the game, although there are (rarely) automated checkpoints that the game saves at. The save points require some time to sit still while in use, so keep that in mind if there are enemies nearby. The save points will also remind you or let you know if there are enemies near enough to find you.Finally the game recommends that you play on Hard difficulty for the best experience, and I recommend trying it this way at first. I made it through the first five missions and most of the sixth, but I ended up getting killed so many times in that one mission that I dropped down to Easy for the rest of the game so I could complete it in a more timely fashion.Final ThoughtsOverall I really enjoyed this game.Similar to Outlast this game is very intense, so I recommend playing in short stints if you can. The game does run a bit longer than it needs to, so for some the shorter playtimes may not work. With a total of eighteen missions at roughly an hour per mission you can easily spend twenty hours on this game.Gameplay and atmosphere are both very solid, and the story is surprisingly good. I think any fan of the Alien series should give this game a look, and horror game fans will definitely enjoy."
,Recommended,214490,27602281,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jmfrancis.93,"Alien: Isolation is a first-person survival horror game set in the same universe as the Alien films and faithfully follows the vein of the 1979 original by Ridley Scott. It casts the player as Amanda Ripley, daughter of Sigourney Weaver's now-iconic heroine Ellen Ripley. Amanda was first introduced in the extended cut of James Cameron's Aliens, in which it's revealed that in the decades that Ellen Ripley spent in cryo-sleep following the destruction of the Nostromo in the first film, her daughter Amanda lived a full life and passed away, all without seeing her mother again.Isolation informs us that, as it turns out, Amanda Ripley's life was not that of a normal 22nd-century civilian. She had a pretty dark event in the middle there—an event which makes up the entirety of Isolation—and at the very least must have suffered from some severe post-traumatic stress in its aftermath.The game takes place in the year 2137, fifteen years after the events of Alien and another 42 before the start of its sequel, Aliens. Amanda is an adult, working as an engineer for Weyland-Yutani, the chilly corporation that owned her mother's ship (The Nostromo) all those years ago. Amanda has all but given up hope of finding any trace of her mother when a Weyland-Yutani higher-up informs her that the Nostromo's flight recorder has been found and is being held for safekeeping at a space station called Sevastopol.Pros:The Alien is terrifying, Sevastopol Station is visually appetizing and gives off the right eerie vibe. And not to mention it is the most worthy homage to the 1979 Alien.Cons:The story lacks much impact towards the end that it feels like its dragging on too long. Human AI is lousy."
76561198202888977,Recommended,214490,27592154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thepartyguy,"Completely fantastic. I played the entire game on an unsupported mac, and I still had the best time. Highly recommend. Worth every penny."
76561198080907383,Recommended,214490,27592156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,darrygg,This is the tense and terrifying spiritual successor to the original Alien movie that I've been waiting for since I was a kid.
,Recommended,214490,27611119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HakuOojiro23,Fantastic game! You'll be consumed by the atmosphere of Sevastopol station.
76561198072372781,Recommended,214490,27604803,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nanodmg,It's worth full price.
76561197972817648,Recommended,214490,27587534,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mspanke,"Great atmosphere, best with lights out, even uses comp microphone.  Great jumping joke at end of game too."
76561198074147596,Recommended,214490,27595421,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,novotak,"One of the best games I have ever played. The atmosphere is perfect, the gameplay is solid and fun, lets not forget the awsome visual design and the stained underwear is also real."
,Recommended,214490,27631829,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vekaa,"Great game, very tense and scary"
76561197972600576,Recommended,214490,27699852,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[DHF]Sugar Snacks,Chellenging and frightening. I've never had so much fun dying over and over again.
76561198054344056,Recommended,214490,27700498,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Irish_Kid_,The only game where you need to keep a spare pair of pants handy
,Recommended,214490,27685124,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nightsky,"Frightening, unsuspecting, pushing the daisies..."
,Recommended,214490,27693359,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Psych0Kyller,Definetely worth the money if you want a pure scare factor gaming going back to the roots of the Alien Franchise.AI of the Alien is stupid smart and will kill you........many times.
76561198004157392,Recommended,214490,27693604,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Poon on the Moon,The first encounter with the Alien is astounding. The music and atmosphere are killer. 10/10; would die again.
76561198019391869,Recommended,214490,27604150,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tyrmatfrage,"The most terrifying game I've ever played. You're put in the shoes of Amanda Ripley, Ripley's daughter who's trapped in a space station with a rampaging Alien, droids that have had their programming subverted and turned murderous, and paranoid humans who shoot at you on sight. Naturally, the most dangerous (and terrifying) enemy by far is the Alien, with an AI capable of learning from player behavior. Spend too much time hiding in the vents, and the AI will figure this out and you'll find the Alien waiting for you in the vents. Brrrrrr. The game's developers had a clear love of the source material, with numerous shout-outs and callbacks to the Alien movies. The game is peppered with hacking and engineering mini-games, and while these are okay for the most part, there were a few timed sequences that were just an annoying chore to get through. There are a few dull railroad-y sections, and I hated the ending - after enduring hours of tension, give me a proper ending instead of this damnable sequel-bait cliffhanger! - but all is forgiven for the sheer pants-wetting experience of hiding in a closet, hoping the unstoppable murder machine stalking nearby won't notice your insignificant self and pass you by..."
76561198014049715,Recommended,214490,27643029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JGwinworth,i loved this game!!!
,Recommended,214490,27660712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,4.5Ghz At 90 Kelvin,Probably the best spooky game I've played in a long time. 10/10 would get lost on a spacestation with a xenomorph again
76561197962819740,Recommended,214490,27613528,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Big Jim,"An absolutely brilliant, yet terrifying game. Superbly captures the atmosphere of the movies. I couldnt recommend thisgame enough."
76561198271929553,Recommended,214490,27669366,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kaon,"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played, the graphics and soundtrack are gorgeous. A terrifying sense of ambience and dread no matter where you go in the game, and even when you're supposed to be safe, you never truly feel that way. The alien can be a little hard to deal with, especially early on, but the feeling of helplessness is one of the best parts of the game. The plot is great, and I could play it again and still find something new in the setting that I never saw before. Overall, it's a beautiful game with an amazing look, soundtrack and story, and it keeps true to the original movie.I love it!"
76561198018665317,Recommended,214490,27786648,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dusti_Ford,"Not having played very many horror-esque style games before, this game certainly performs brilliantly in what it aims to do - making you a nervous wreck, who is anxious and scared for what may be around the corner, be it Synthetic, human, or worse.This game is what got me interested in the Alien franchise, hard to believe. When I watched Alien after playing this for a few hours, I was amazed at just how much of the environment and story that this game captures, and how vividly real and eerie this game looks. When I first got this game and started playing it, I actually gave up not too far into it because I simply got too scared and intimidated by it. Recently though, I decided to buckle down and beat it, and once I got started on it a second time, I couldn't be bothered to play anything else over the next several days until I beat it. The game takes a suprising amount of time to beat, more than I anticipated - I'm sure it took me over 16+ hours at least minimum.The graphics, gameplay, and story are all amazing, and I can think of next to nothing that I would have wanted changed to try and make the game better. I've seen complaints of how the pace of the game can vary, or how it can be too difficult on some of the easier gamemodes - I don't believe either of those to be true. It can be beat, even if for some it may take quite a few tries (though I never got stuck in any one area too many times by dying).Concerning the DLC, I don't care very much to try and beat my own scores (or the scores of others) and see how fast I can complete a level by doing X amount of things. Others might love this, I don't particularly care for it. I liked the main game for the story and the advancement, which while the DLC missions can have a sense of story, it's nowhere near the main game in terms of concrete story. I would pass on the DLC, unless the bundle happens to be cheaper than the stand alone game.Grahpics - 9/10 with good graphics card (graphics mods make it even better!)Gameplay - 8.5/10Story - 8.5/10A note on controls. I personally found that the character rotation was too slow on a Xbox controller to make large turns or turn around quickly, while you can easily spin around with a mouse with high sensitivity, so I preferred mouse over controller.Overall, while I'm stingy and wouldn't ever pay full price for a game, this is definitely worth a pickup if you love that scared anxious feeling, and love horror-style space games. $20 or under is a great deal."
76561198069895389,Recommended,214490,15331356,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,xGhostEYE,"one of the best survival horror game i have ever played. Alien isolaiton is  a must play for anyone who loves survival horror, and is especially a must play for the Alien series fans."
,Recommended,214490,15331587,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,psyclone,"Excellent game, really has the feel and atmosphere of the movies. A lot of parts are really confusing about what your'e supposed to do, and you'll more than likely have to watch a walkthrough to figure it out."
76561197962561784,Recommended,214490,15331710,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Penguin Bartender,"Lives up to, and surpasses, the hype.One of the best games ever.The best Alien game ever.Actually competes with the movies.Also: dat AI.  Seriously fun to watch the Alien searching (hopefully from a safe vantage point)."
76561198006228095,Recommended,214490,15338811,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Craig's Mum,Best horror game Ive played in ages :)
,Recommended,214490,15027652,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Papai Dos Magos,AWESOME !!!!
,Recommended,214490,15028376,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,BulletHardTank,check out my review of this game!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDohUfBJCWs
76561198012528253,Recommended,214490,15028440,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Hollerback,"If you don't like this game, you don't understand gaming, and you should just go back to playing CoD because using your brain even the slighest appears to be far too difficult for you to handle."
,Recommended,214490,15031754,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Lofty,"""I need to hide from the alien...Oh! A locker"" * Slams door* ""Sorted!"" 11/10"
,Recommended,214490,19498309,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Joleo,"first I just wanna say what an amazing game!I bought this game and thought why, i have never realy enjoyed horrorgames before but thought i would give it a go. At first i thought: how scarry could it be but after an hour i wanted to just turn of the computer but decided to puch on and i must admit, this is the best horrorgame ive played! to start with the graphics are realy good and the engine works really well and the atmosphere in this game i really creepy and great and it also has a really deep story as to why things happend the way they did. I also think that the main story is reasonably long and if you manage to get through the entire game and want more there are 7 DLC:s to buy if you like.i would say that this game is a must-have for any serious gamer out there! So i really recomend this game to every horror game fan!!"
,Recommended,214490,19405109,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Diabl0,Too spooky to finish.  Only got just saw the alien and realized this game was not for me.
76561198258687099,Recommended,214490,19418136,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BasQuasher,"Best survival, horror and stealth game out there......"
76561198005033508,Recommended,214490,28115563,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ghost Mantis,More closet action than Tom Cruise.5/7
,Recommended,214490,28026116,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Onori,Easily the best suspense horror game I've ever played.
,Recommended,214490,28022970,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,✪Vegas,Most stressful f*cking game ever. Dope though.
,Recommended,214490,30966887,Posted: 5 April,all,Spiffy,"Although Alien: Isolation is often described as a survival/horror game, I wouldn't go as far to paint this game in the same brush. AI is a different class- a masterful, sci-fi suspense thriller which makes the player breathless, edgy and bewildered. The graphics are sharp and well-optimized , the sound- well, they received a BAFTA achievement award in 2015 for good reason.I use an audiophile grade Sennheiser HD650 headphones with Beyerdynamic A20 amplifier and Denon USB-DAC, which made the game come alive in ways I cannot imagine. If you have played this game, invest in a good pair of headphones and replay this game. If you haven't and if you're a fan of the Alien universe, this game is a must-play.I must caution you though- if you're the timid type, play with the lights on."
76561198009287858,Recommended,214490,28056854,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CommanderEcks,"Any game that evokes a powerful emotion ranks high in my book... a game that can do that zone after zone, is truly amazing.  They chose the right tone in almost every aspect with this interactive movie (it has become more than a game at this point)... soundtrack, atmospherics, and of course those computer noises and door sounds (spot on!).Play this game! PLAY THIS GAME IN A DARK ROOM!"
76561198034935797,Recommended,214490,28064950,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skooby,git it
,Recommended,214490,27995130,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fabernathy,"One of the few triple A games to understand the power of subtly. The writing is solid, the AI is well crafted, and the gameplay is increbily intense. A must have for any fans of horror or games at that."
76561198030480161,Recommended,214490,28043164,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Eng. Redes e Pescas,"absolutly terrifying game!The tension of trying to hide and slip unoticed by the alien is awesome, and the way it learns....it feels evil and inteligent.I nomenated it for the award "" Help somebody put s*** in my pants"" award. Because it keeps you awake, and makes you watch the shadows closely."
76561198021554550,Recommended,214490,24413936,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DustDevil,Quite simply the best experience I've ever had playing a game and I've played a lot. PC is the best version although its great on everything. Can't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,214490,24411932,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,dman5151,"Alien: Isolation is kind of an iffy game for me. Compared to what I'm used to, the graphics are outstanding. The story is alright and the gameplay is challenging yet fun. However, for a game the is known for it's advanced AI, the Xenomorph and other hostiles seemed rather stupid, walking right passed me when I was standing in the open. The game also has some rather large bugs, such as not being able to look around despite your mouse still functioning properly (which I've had to deal with). Yet despite these bugs, it's still a great game. I just recomend waiting for it to be on sale."
76561197975167262,Recommended,214490,24400803,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Artimaña,"Excellent game...... When the first Alien movie came out I was a kid and it terrified me a lot! I had trouble sleeping for days. I grew to like the Alien movies. This game not only recreates the Alien universe in a very accurate way but it did something no other game has ever done to me. It made me feel scared. The 2nd time you encounter the Alien you realize how devastating this creature can be. It's so smart, so quick, so deathly, so beautiful. I spent over an hour trying to get out of a room because I was scared for my life. I realized it was just a game and as soon as I stepped out, the animal was out there waiting to kill me, and it did.You will feel scared, you will feel helpless you keep moving forward and things keep getting worse. You will have trouble sleeping, you will feel scared in the dark. This game will change your life"
76561198049206331,Recommended,214490,24384822,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Hypernought,Pros - It's a game about the best horror Franchise in movie historyCons - The need to buy adult diapers for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants......
,Recommended,214490,20185630,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Drepo,So scary that I didn't even finish the game because I'm too afraid to leave the closet.
76561198164194684,Recommended,214490,24716558,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,hankgupte1969,This Game should be given the respect it deserves by having a sequel. The Negative reviews I saw from some  people drunk on GIN may have reduced sales of this Gem.  The only negative thing I can say is that there should be more dead bodies that look like the critics that gave it a bad review.
76561198109886422,Recommended,214490,24715642,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,PolarTitan,"Alien Isolation beats all games created in the Alien series. We all remember those old Alien games which were so awful that you couldn't play, but this game is truly the opposite of its kin. The story is horrifying with aliens, humans, and killer robots running about a station as you try to survive. Its music and gameplay makes the experience so un-nerving as you wander about this immese game. Alien Isolation will remain one of the great games in horror history as games compete to beat its startling jumpscares and its monsters which lurk in the shadows.4/5 stars"
76561198062051869,Recommended,214490,25221305,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Celtrocity,"Just beat this tonight so here's my thoughts.Starting out this game is pretty suspenseful and has a few jumps scares here and there. I personally thought this was going to be ""scary"" because of the way the game was advertised. For me it became more of a tactical survival game. As you progress the Alien becomes more predictiable in certain situations, but you have to be on your toes at all times because things can quickly change depending on what you do. The Alien can also get a little glitchy. At least it was for me in some parts. You'll find yourself doing lots of repetitive tasks throughout Sevastopol Station which get boring after awhile, but you find yourself having a drive to keep going. The story is fairly long as well.I really like how the game stayed true to the alien saga. I actually rewatched the first three movies and it's amazing how some parts are almost a carbon copy. The attention to detail is extremely impressive.I wouldn't recommend playing this game for long hours because it can get frustrating after awhile. Plus the constant adrenaline pumping for more than a couple hours probably isn't a good thing.If you're a true Alien fan then go for it. I guarantee you'll get hooked until it's finished."
,Recommended,214490,25226041,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,littlebigman,"Great game. The DLCs are great fun, the atmosphere spot on and the Alien terrorfying! There are plenty of walkthru's and gameplay videos on youtube so you can find out how it plays before buying."
76561198068160284,Recommended,214490,25219487,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,race1250,"While it sometimes lacks some polish in storytelling and mechanics, Alien: Isolation is a true successor to the original film and in that, in cannot be matched. It's a little long and the androids are extremely annoying, but the alien absolutely steals the show. Definitely pick this one up if you're a fan of the original Alien."
,Recommended,214490,25217348,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Xgames48,One of the best horror games in history in my opinion. Even after watching a playthrough of the game on youtube i still♥♥♥♥♥♥myself time and time again.
76561198038868694,Recommended,214490,25213275,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Oobarsten,"The way Alien games should be.  Horror done right.  The Alien scares the crap out of me hour into the game.  Yes, this one is worth buying if you are looking for a game such as this.  Heck, it's worth a buy even if you're not sure.  It may not be your cup of tea, but you'll notice it's quality material.  Enjoy."
,Recommended,214490,19327582,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lord Corwin,"I've enjoyed this game so much, I love this universe, I love the music, I love the pacing, I love the details that are true to the movie, everything about this was excellent to me, please make more!"
,Recommended,214490,19282976,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,n0t1p3r50n,"I just wanted to take the time to inform everyone wondering if your pc/laptop can handle this game that the system requirements mean nothing. I was skeptical because i cant run to many games like dead island however with the refunds in place and the game only being 12 bucks i went for it. Low and behold it runs on max settings everything set on ultra! (shadows on med) but motion blur is on, field of depth everything....my specs on my laptop i am running this game on are intel i5 1.8ghz (2.7 turbo), 8gb ram,500gb HDD, Windows 10 x64, and intel HD 4000 intregrated graphics card. I hope this helps otheers decide to play this most insane scare me pants off horror survival game."
76561198039219065,Recommended,214490,19276707,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,afortin25,"I liked FEAR.  That was scary for me.  I don't play much horror, and this is why: Tension.  The game *oozes* it at almost every turn.  It was almost too much, i had to stop and resume playing Isolation over the course of a few months due to stress.  By the time it was over, 32 hours later (yeah, i played slow and stealthy), I was glad it was over (the game does stretch on a little bit in truth).  I almost regret playing on Hard difficulty, but in the end it was totally worth it :-)"
76561198030074878,Recommended,214490,19298279,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MrShineSpark,"I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself in terror before the game even finished downloading, as soon as I hit the main screen I screamed. I'm sure the rest of the game will be a blast."
76561197978694288,Recommended,214490,19297371,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Agent Muffins,This was one intense game. From the beginning until the end I was on the edge of my seat. As there is not that much shooting the atmosphere is very important. It feels like you can die at any time and it feels personal. Overall it is a great game if you want to play an Alien game as a survival game rather than a shooter game.
,Recommended,214490,19297026,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Waldemart,Fantastic game! Better I've ever played!
,Recommended,214490,19272644,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,wiz,Dripping with tension. This game is definitely worth it if you're into survival horror/Alien.Beautiful and buttery smooth on a variety of AMD hardware (even managed decent settings on an APU).Just how a next gen game should be.
,Recommended,214490,19271860,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,JellyTots_ZA,"I finnished the campaign in 31.3 hours, could have done it in 15 - 20 hours but I spent 50% of the time hiding like scared 3 year old under the tables.OK, I really dont review games often.... but this one really deserves it. Worth every sent, the atmosphere, ambience, story, music... well just about everything is awesome and SCARY as hell. I was intriqued enough by this game to give up a few straight days not playing CS:GO, and that my friends, says a lot! Well done to all involved in making a epic game, it deserves every praise, thumbs up and awards that it has claimed thus far!"
,Not Recommended,214490,19314781,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,P A P A C O,"The game is awesome but there is something that deeply annoys me: it's too boring. Really boring. You have to walk and walk and walk and sneak then walk then get a password, open a door, walk walk walk. The scary part of the game goes away quickly and what replaces it is an avoid getting caught system. The amount of times you have to click and press buttons and use generators and this and that is totally not necessary. It gets boring quick. Also the game sometimes doesn't give you any clue on what you are supposed to do, in a really linnear game where the objectives are really ""hidden"" from you sometimes this annoys. In some parts of the game, savepoints gets really scarce and they are before a really long unecessary walk, 1 minute, for example, and, if you play on higher difficulty level, you die a lot. If you die 5 times in this part you will have to spend 5 whole minutes walking through the same path which gets frustrating fast. Still, the game is really immersive and a nice experience to have. Don't buy it if it is not, at least, 60% off."
76561198075510780,Recommended,214490,19318787,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,COOOLBEAAANS,"This game doe...                      9/10Pros- Excellent graphics- Smooth gameplay- Captivating story- Crafting ability which fits in nicely to the genreCons- Tedious puzzle-like tasks all throughout the game which get old after awhile- At times, a very large spike in difficulty.  I found myself dying over and over at certain points when I took a similar approach to problems earlier in the game- Ending that seems to drag out slightly (28 hours worth of gameplay just on story)Overall, a very high recommendation on this game.  I definitely felt as though I got my money's worth ($20) when I purchased).  The game defintely meets the horror genre and will continue introducing new elements every time you think you feel comfortable.  I believe that the ending was stretched a little longer than it needed to be.  Always felt like I was about to see the ending credits, and a new problem would arise.Listen to me, upset that I had to play longer than I expected."
76561198246853106,Recommended,214490,19340375,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Dillon1331,Some of the best sound and graphics of video games today. Its like Im really there. Ive killed countless Aliens in previous titles but now its pay back time for the Xeno. Im running and hiding like a girl and the main lesson is dont panic! It will only make things worse.
,Recommended,214490,19281055,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,TerroristangSaging,For the love of God... The air vents are not safe! I repeat The air vents are not safe! nowhere is safe! You'll understand if you play the game..10/10 will♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again.
,Recommended,214490,16053653,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Draco - racergon,"I have just finished it, and I must say, it's a MUST have for ANY Alien fan.The gameplay, atmosphere, level design, character development are all great additions to this game.If it's in a sale, I definitely recommend getting it if you are a budget player. If not, just get it.In about the last four levels, I developed a kind of love/hate relationship with the game.I love the gameThe game hates me.Yes, I definitely recommend this.Update:I finally finished the game, getting all the achievements. This included having to play through the game three times more and I have to say, hell was it still as scary as the first time. Novice mode -don't slap me, I needed the no death achievement- is actually REALLY novice and is only recommended for people completely new to this genre, as there was enough flamethrower fuel to hop around and dance with the Xeno a bit. Despite this it was still a little difficult since I couldn't kill the humans. The hard difficulty is also actually really difficult, making it a choice for those with nerves of iron and balls of steel.This leaves a lot of choices for your preferences.After 50+ hours, I can say it has plenty of replay value and is still a lot of fun.The DLCs feel a bit lacking though. I bought them, played them once, but didn't really get that feel that I got in the main campaign. These feel more like arcade bonus levels to compete with your friends on who can beat them the quickest."
76561197961098789,Recommended,214490,19293965,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Old crow,"If you want a game that will give you PTSD this is the game for you.I did a run of 5 hours my first night playing.  I went to bed and had nightmares the entire night that I was being stalked by the alien.  At 3 am my son went running through the halls and I woke up screaming as I thought the Alien was in the house.  For some reason, though, I just kept going back to play.I'm not sure how long it took me to get through the entire game.  I died many many times.  I've never been so terrified from a computer game.  As a big fan of the Alien films, this game sticks quite well to the canon and the atmosphere is incredible.  It really does play just like the movie.  Even if you haven't seen the movies I think the game would still be great on its own.  I ended up getting all of the DLC on the steam sale but haven't played most of it yet.  Part of it is I wanted more to explore, but part of it is I can't handle going back through that ship again.  To many bad memories."
76561197970877138,Recommended,214490,19152169,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Minotaur,"I'm a big fan of survival horror games and i must say this game is absolutely amazing. The graphics are superb and the engine is very well optimized. The butter smooth framerates combined with this very highly detailed and dynamic world makes for a very immersive experience, which is crucial for games of this genre. The fully dynamic and volumetric lighting helps a lot to capture the atmosphere of the movie, too.The game is very well ballanced in terms of switching between feeling powerful and powerless. At certain times during the game you are very powerless, and are forced to be clever and at other times you can feel safe in certain areas, where you can relax and take your time to solve puzzles or explore the world around you.You are slowly introduced to new game mechanics throughout the game, in favor of having a ""tutorial mission"", which is a big plus in my book.The A.I. in this game is extremely good. It's very satisfying to use the alien to your advantage in order to kill other enemies on your path. The A.I. feels very realistic and unpredictable. The Alien surprised me a LOT of times. Whenever you think you have found a brilliant safe-spot, the alien will eventually pull you out of there in a very well animated way... Any sound you or your motion detector make will be heard in one way or another, and will trigger a very realistic response depending on the enemy.The crafting mechanics are simple, and i'm really glad that they are. I see other reviewers complain about it, but i actually really liked it's minimalism. I wouldn't want to spend too much time on crafting items anyway.The game could really use some better facial animations. Not because they are bad, but because the rest of the game is ultra-realistic compared to the facial animations. The NPC's don't make proper eye contact with the player, and it makes conversations rather artificial and impersonal. The faces seem too static and unemotional. Animation in general is superb though.The game was sometimes a bit unforgiving. Sometimes your death feels very unfair. The times when this occured, it didn't bother me all that much because i actually really enjoyed replaying certain parts of the game, as there are multiple ways to approach certain situations.I have mixed feelings about the saving system. Part of me would really like to save the game at any given moment, but on the other hand i realize that would take away an important element in this game...I rarely buy games at this high price point, but i must say this game is VERY well worth it... The price reflects the quality of this game very well. And the game is definetly long enough.The Linux support was a big plus for me, as it is my main platform. I was worried performance would be bad on my GTX 670, as it doesn't meet the recommended specs on Linux, but it turned out to run very well. I feel like maybe the required specs for Linux/SteamOS are a bit overestimated."
76561198131766076,Recommended,214490,19206291,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,8moebius8,friggin love scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
,Recommended,214490,19481027,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,William The Fox,So i just bought the game 2 weeks ago and i Played 8.7 hours... It is a Terrible choice For it being your first horror game...Its a amazing game and i recommend this game to Anyone that Wants A good Story And a Great Scare :)
,Recommended,214490,19480357,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,vladimirjeger,"This is without a doubt one of the best games I ever played. The atmosphere, the music, those sounds that the Alien makes, I was just scared while playing it, sometimes to scared to leave my hiding spot. Well done. I am hoping for a sequel, this game deserves it, and we deserve it. Make it happen Sega."
76561197960527080,Recommended,214490,19507515,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,brx,"Really good game. If u are a fan of the alien movies, you should play this one. I was scared so often. Had a lot of fun, good story! cant wait for the next game."
,Not Recommended,214490,12414747,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Fluks,"Mind blowing alien experience. A must have for Alien franchise fans... but only on heavy discount; Creative Assembly and SEGA left the game with numerous bugs, some of them minor, others game breaking or responsible for constant crashes.They lied about making a patch for months while selling all the DLCs, you can find it all on the game's official forum.Those are despicable business practices that should not be encouraged."
,Recommended,214490,19519407,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PR05P3CT™,"I had to buy 19 new pairs of underpants after playing this game....This game made my a-hole cry and while it was crying, I was laughing with fear. This game is an Aliens game I have always wanted! PERFECT! Just wish it had multiplayer team death match, that would be special....10/10 would buy again."
76561198085842275,Recommended,214490,19515218,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Vesa,This game should of bin a movie. this game is fantastic one of the best alien games to date my god the music Awsome  comes from Alien 1979 film the graphics are amazing it had taken me about 3 weeks to complete on hard mode and when they gave us nightmode ive still not finished. but the dlc maps were ok but never did the rest of them and a would say if you are a alien Fan you should buyive also played this on other platforms also
,Recommended,214490,19195533,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Plume_SG,This is the game that the hardcore fans of the original movie wanted! And in my opinion it is a better sequel than the crapy James Cameron movie.
76561198119151457,Recommended,214490,19517069,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,g.blockley,Never has a game made me feel physically sick with fear.10/10 would throw up in my own mouth again
,Recommended,214490,19383550,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,奶爸真辛苦,real dead space 3！
76561198088572426,Not Recommended,214490,19466445,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Double Facepalm,"Extremely frustrating game full of things that defy logic. The Alien is resistant to fire, explosions and is not detected by motion sensors. You'll spend most of the time just crawling, hoping it won't jump on you from behind. It's not scary, just boring."
,Recommended,214490,30642897,Posted: 20 March,all,VoluntaryPanic,Can't recommend this game enough
,Recommended,214490,12432342,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,FORCE LIKE OBI,"This is the first Alien game very well done, and I mean a 10/10. Graphical aspect is superb, the way everything moves is extremely smooth. The Alien is actually frightning in this game as well. You can hear him crawling through the vents, and walls moving faster as he closes in on you, or somebody close. It's truly menacing. It's about time the Alien name has a game we can all look back on in a few years and say, ""Yeah, Alien: Isolation was incredible!"" I'm having so much fun, I can't stop playing. Having it on ""Hard"" is also a good way to go, makes it last, and is much more challenging. If you don't have this work of art, GET IT!"
76561198013060106,Recommended,214490,12432362,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SorinDragon,"Best game to ever come from the Alien franchise. Exactly what everyones been waiting for. It's like a mixture of Dead Space, Amnesia, and Alien, all at the same time. They kept everything to the original movie, making it that much better, and the Alien is unscripted for the most part, so it is never in the same place and your always on your toes. You really do feel like your playing in the Alien style movies, not knowing where it is or when it may show up."
,Recommended,214490,12432588,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,smarmy mcsmugass,"Pretty damn hard on the hard setting. Also pretty damn fun. Some cliches are present, such as audio recordings and emails that expand the plot and fill out the universe, but these are forgivable in light of the fantastic detail and difficulty. If you like the Alien movie; this is a must grab."
,Recommended,214490,12433127,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,DJN3m3sis,Love this game!
76561198118881693,Recommended,214490,12433556,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Cobbmeister,Got a Oculus DK2 ? Then this is a must buy game. Get it running and your in for a treat.
,Recommended,214490,12434547,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LemonLoafer,"Terrifying, stressful and yet oh so beautiful. It's pretty much the perfect videogame incarnation of Alien (1979) and you'd be silly not to play it. My game of the year so far."
,Recommended,214490,12436033,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[AMG] Jamin,"A very good first half of the game, there's a real sense of cat and mouse with the alien. Then, I was given a flamethrower and the game for the most part wasn't challenging anymore. The alien would begin scouting around and I could scare it away with a few qucik flame blasts, then I had time to complete the objective with impunity. I could repeat this process forever as ammo for the flamethrower was plentiful enough. The only real challenge left was engaging the alien while humans or synthetics were around.The first half of the game really stands out though, and is enough to reccomend this game."
76561198010682985,Recommended,214490,12462270,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Serakona,"I've played this for a few hours now and all I can say is this.  The fear and stress it makes is real.  During my first ""longer than 30 second encounter with the alien, it took over an hour to progress - not because its a long section but because it really captures that ""oh hell, what do i do oh my god its right around the corner do i hide ot sneak or distract oh its moving away ah thank AHH IT COMING!"" sensation.This is well worth the cost even if you don't have all the DLC - they simply add to the experience.  Headphones is the best experience and the only way to play... along with no lights.  Just for the extra effect."
76561198018187339,Recommended,214490,12463497,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,johnpaul,"Beautiful game without a doubt, would've benefitted  from dropping last gen and making it full current gen and you can see   it too. That's my only criticism when it comes to this game. Other than that I have no complaints it is a wonderful game, true to it's roots"
,Recommended,214490,12463573,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Ice,"Serious love went into the development of this game. You can tell from the detail of the sets, music, atmosphere, right down to the accuracy of the space suits. Not only does it feel like an alien movie, it plays like one too. This is the answer to all alien games, this is how it should have been done right from the start. The suspense, horror, impending doom all add up to the same experience I had watching the first and second movies many years ago. This is not the kind of game for FPS shooter lovers, this game is for fans of horror and is also very much for fans of the alien movies. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214490,12463911,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Gritt Pebbledasher,Incredible. Liked Alien? Enjoyed being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in System Shock?Thrust your money at this. Now. You won't regret it.
76561197999162308,Recommended,214490,12464187,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JerkyPower,Best Alien game ever!!!
76561197972313534,Recommended,214490,12464567,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ledzppln6,A very frightening sci-fi stealth game.  Be prepared to die a lot.
76561197970468568,Recommended,214490,12465300,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Bowfin,"We had to wait 35 years to get a good Alien game.It was worth the wait, If your a fan of Alien it's  gaming goodness."
,Recommended,214490,12465283,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,StRaven,"DO NOT get this game if you do not like fighting something that you cannot kill!  This is not CM.  Even the flamethrower you eventually get only anoys the alien enough to run away only to turn around and hunt you again.  There is also no auto save! Its amazing, god forbid, that you have to actually get to save point (they are everywhere) which also takes a few seconds to save the game, oh and also makes noise...:)Fantastic sequel to the first Alien movie.  This isnt some action shooter to unload a magazine into an alien and kill it.  There is only ONE alien that adapts to your play style and adapts to each situation.  If you throw a flare, for example, the alien wil go after it only to discover it wasn't youso the next time you use a flare...lets just say you can't fool it twice.This what an Alien game should be, you versus an alien that seems impervious to everything you use on it, stalking you everywhere you go.  Soon you start to realizethat even people that you could potentially kill you should leave alone so the alien will have some prey.Very great game, if you like thrillers and horror games than this its worth every penny."
,Recommended,214490,12466088,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Xeonus,"Alien:Isolation is the best horror/survival game I have EVER played! It creates one of the most authentic, terrifying and immersive game worlds in the survival/horror game genre."
76561198003388469,Recommended,214490,12466570,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,lewis2441,hi im lewis2441 i liked the game but i wonder if they/you/makers/some one make any steam mods for it or if there well be any dlc for being the alien and hunting surviviors
,Recommended,214490,19489179,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,DALYB HAHAKRU,Veri gud Gaem i thing i no slep becuz Elian can be wit me my rom fukc. Grafics r veri gud and i saacerd as♥♥♥♥♥♥15/11IGN20/10 DIICK RATAINGVeri Gud gaem
,Recommended,214490,19464145,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Carrad CSGO-SKINS.COM,bardzo dobra gra [polecam]
76561198079849401,Recommended,214490,19471457,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Nikolai,"At first I thought it was boring as ♥♥♥♥. I didn't know if I'd be getting a weapon or anything anytime soon or if they even existed in the game. But I was so so wrong. From survivors in a space station trying to shoot me because I was just there to Androids smashing people's heads in, this game is a terrific futuristic horror game.Day or night when I'm playing it, it is scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Moving around in an air shaft as I'm hearing an alien close to me or echos of an android strangling a survivor. This has to be the best survival horror game I have ever played.10/10"
,Recommended,214490,19492875,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,1cedGuardian the Spooklord,"I am not a fan of horror games, hell I never got past night 1 of Five Nights, BUT I am a big fan of Ridley Scott's Alien so I put my wuss aside and played and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ A terrifying, claustrophobic nightmare aboard a nearly derelict vessel delivered so much that when it was over, I wanted even more!"
76561197996592428,Recommended,214490,19366813,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,greggorypeccary,very atmospheric and true to the feeling of the 1st movie.
76561198017225075,Recommended,214490,19487467,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,doctrev,Space Mining: Not Even Once
76561198073480842,Not Recommended,214490,19482593,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mavis,"Although graphically this game is amazing, its one of the most tedious i have played. Save points and no auto save with the complete intention of killing you as many times as possible, yet you have to go back through all the boring bits before to go back and die. My view of this gameAn amazing secenary painting with a pile of **** in the middle."
,Recommended,214490,17441299,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,FeelsWhiteMan,Best to play on toilet. You will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants very often if you don't.
76561198079391909,Recommended,214490,19708897,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Manimaul,"I'm a large, relatively confident 40 yr old man. This game has reduced me to a 12 yr old with PTSD and anxiety disorders.10/10 would be prescribed Xanax again."
76561197981245174,Recommended,214490,19733047,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,General E. Annoying ®™,AwsomeNot much shooting. {so far}
,Recommended,214490,19635077,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,MroTralisk,Those Aliens
,Recommended,214490,17196751,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pip-Boi,Awesome and real game that really brings the essence of a survival horror game.  Redefines the horror of the xenomorph.
76561198025291500,Not Recommended,214490,21225379,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mom's Spaghetti,"This game crashes after dying about 80 percent of the time. Other than that the game is great but it has caused me to throw my controller onto the floor in anger. It's not a problem with my system, I built it myself and every other game runs fine."
76561198071472496,Recommended,214490,30357155,Posted: 6 March,all,Mortar Moron,"One of my personal favorites!This game really captures the feeling of survival horror:- Pretty much each save point is a minor victory.- Ammo is scarce.- Can be very scary at times....And bloody hell is it rewarding once you beat a mission! This game definitely is worth buying, even at full price."
76561198188257986,Recommended,214490,21138660,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Otto Abnormalverbraucher,"In space no one can hear you scream.The fright, the fear, the shudder. Absolutely intense atmosphere. Never did I want any game to end so badly, the horror to be finally over. To be brutally honest, there are times it becomes tedious and 2 or 3 situations more frustrating than frightening, specially when you encounter a pattern in the xeno's movement (or the androids'), one that gives you barely time to pass it. But considering the game's length, those are actually rare and get lost in the fearful impression.This game is a must for any fan of the franchise, it kicks any other Alien game's butt. To any other, it's still very much worth a try, if you like survival games. Just, don't become hysterical."
,Recommended,214490,21182801,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,gtakiller0914,"+ Incredible visuals & lighting. The level of detail is astounding.+ Voice-acting is fantastic.+ Audio-design is the best I have ever seen in a game hands down.+ Fantastic atmosphere+ Crafting is unique and has a variety of gadgets+ The Alien. Scary and unpreditable.- Crafting UI could be better. It was difficult to get the UI to work properly.- The amount of back tracking.- The Alien. It gets old real quick when you couple that with the back tracking- The game just doesn't know when to end. You feel like this could be an ending, but it just keeps going. It happens about three times total before you get to the actual ending.- The ending. A little mystery is fine, but not when there are far too many questions left unanswered."
76561198110493856,Recommended,214490,21210700,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Tuukka,i hate androids when no bullets in your gun :/ This hard game and scary but buy this game big story and scary :)
,Recommended,214490,21166896,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[NSA]Anti-Alias,paranoid-schizophrenia sim 2014.
,Recommended,214490,21164732,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lucian,"I definitely recommend this game. But it's too hard, at least for me. I set the difficulty to ""dumbass"", and I still die like an idiot... I've died so many times, that it's not scarry anymore, but boring. I should have an achievement for all the deaths... :)It's not that intuitive, sometimes I had to watch a walkthrough on YouTube. Or it's just me.Yet, I still recomment it, for people who like this genre. And if you buy it, do it on sales. ;)"
,Recommended,214490,12419345,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Krankenwagon,"Hide and seek simulator 2014.Edit: Main game was great, DLC wasn't very good."
76561197975693470,Recommended,214490,21133804,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,fireproofcujo,I loved the films!!!! this puts you in your own movie.If your a fan of the aliens movies this is a must!!!!!
76561198100814732,Recommended,214490,21137907,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MUDKIP FAN,i dont like the start it makes you try to find a coputer in pitch black. I havent made it that far.So i hope the rest is good
76561198076536259,Recommended,214490,21140122,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Bodhi,"I am a fan of the Horror-Survival genre. I have been a fan since the very first Resident Evil when the dogs jumped through the hallway windows and scared the living BA-JEEESus! outta me! In fact, I also love me some good horror movies to boot; Alien being one of my favorites. So I had to try this game when it came out. It promised scares like the first Alien movie and was a different kind of 'Alien' game. And what it promised, it delivered like a parasite bursting out of a morbidly obese paunch. This is by-far and bar-none the best horror-survival game I have ever played to date. It really is that good.New AI was developed for the Alien, that makes it a formidable foe. You can't fight it to start, because it is just too powerful, so you must avoid it. So how do you avoid it? You must be patient and you must listen. This game is visually stunning and is complimented by its sound track . You'll live to hear the franchise musical queues that are scaterred through-out the game. And when you hear the Alien drop down in the room next to you, your blood will run cold. The atmosphere pulls you into this world and the interesting puzzles, and game play keep you interested.This is the first review I've ever taken the time to write, so think about that.If you see this game on sale, definitely buy it.If you were thinking about getting it, DOEET NAO.Gaming Tips /w Possible spoilers:- Start out by just crawling to move around. This method of travel is slow, but it'll afford you a lot less aggro-problems. If the Alien doesn't hear you, he won't come looking for you.- Be careful of what your walking on, as some surfaces make more noise than others.- Keep your head up kid; look to the vents you may see drool dripping down O.o- The robots (Working Joes) are really tuff and it makes more sense just to avoid them in the beginning.- The most efficient way to kill a robot; stun it with either a flash-bang and then wack it in the head (5+ times) with your wrench. The gun is only meant for humans.- Don't give up, because eventually you do get a weapon that affects the Alien (scares it away for a bit)"
,Recommended,214490,21141455,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Rikomortis,FEAR DONE RIGHT!!!!!
76561198158891930,Recommended,214490,21102602,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,private_909,Slow to start but builds up story superbly. Hope there is a sequel 😊😊😊.
76561198026762463,Recommended,214490,21104934,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ainsley's spicy meat,"On my top 5 list of all games. The storyline is awsome, the characters are reliable and the AI are (in comparison to Rome 2) brutaly good. The disapointing part about it however, is that most of the dlc´s are what they are. We have 2 decent dlcs in my opinion, Last Survivor and Crew Expandable. The rest is just the same competetive♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would much rather have the dlcs as short campaign-dlc, so we would know the full story of Lingard, Axel etc..."
,Recommended,214490,21112153,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Cygon,"Alien: Isolation is a very good sneaking game that also nails the story department. There will invariably be some situations where you simply have bad luck and can't get to cover quickly enough, but mostly the game is pretty forgiving, even on the higher difficulty settings.While very scary at the beginning, a few hours into the game the Xenomorph AI reveals itself to be pretty simplistic. The Xenomorph is either in ""spook mode"" or in ""hunt mode"" - in the former you hear it crawling through the ventilation systems endlessly, in the latter it walks to random locations within a limited radius to you. To evade detection, simply stay on the opposite side of some freestanding obstacle until it moves off. Don't worry, even on nightmare mode, you can be in the Xenomorph's line of sight for over a second without it reacting.It's still a fulfilling game and it runs really well on Linux (though at the time of writing this I have to disable all DLCs or the game won't start)."
,Recommended,214490,14389008,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Andromeva,"Alien Isolation is a great game set in an already great universe.I had high expectations when getting it, but AI managed to not only fulfill these expectations, but also completely go further.The amount of detail put into this game is unbelievable, and it creates an ultimate gaming experience.The challenge is real, but not in a way you get demotivated when you die. You just are more eager to try it again and succeed, and with each little step you progress it feels incredibly rewarding.It's been a long time since I've last met such a top-notch game."
,Recommended,214490,13797003,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Shin,"This is honestly one of the best games I have played in awhile. I ussually get bored of games quite fast, but this one calls for more playthroughs. This game is scary as hell, as the Alien(s) hunt you down throughout the game. You begin to feel like you are stalked at every turn, and no corner is safe as you attempt to carry out your missions throughout the ship. Not only are you facing the alien, but against other humans, and androids, making every turn a suprise. Not sure when the alien is going to jump out and get you, or when you are about to walk into a room full of androids and poison gas. Time and time again, you must complete challenges that get harder by the level, keeping the levels fresh. Only at one point was I bored in this game, and that was simply because the Alien was camping a room forever, attempting to find me since I set off a camera. But that just helps with the realism, as the Alien felt as though it was learning my behavior, as much as I was its. The Xenomorph was not underdone, and is a testiment to the movies I watched years ago.If I have one more hope for this game, it's that they add a pvp mode. So people can see what it's like from the Xenomorphs point of view, and hunt another player, as they try to avoid the other player.I would honestly give this game a 9.5/10, only because I faced some vents with glitches in them, not easily allowing me to climb into them, and because I faced trouble with camera's seeing me behind desks, or in lockers. But that is also easily played through."
76561198127442911,Recommended,214490,14392404,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,findtheeswing1,"I love this game, mainly because i loved the film so much. It perfectly captures the essence of the film and being able to stop and look around really helps when you find something cool to look at from the film.Be warned though it is not an fps, you do not kill everything. Be prepared to run and hide alot as its more about avoidance than anything else.Brilliant game"
,Recommended,214490,14400745,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,OwenDeathstalker,"This is itYou're somehow tired of those ""horror"" games where you are literally able of obliterate through everything that comes in your path. Where you're more worried about where to find next ammo resources rather than something taking the guts out of youThen, this is your game. Trully unique experience, where you face odds and barely survive, because, and that's the deal, you act wisely, not Rambo.Because facing a perfect killing machine wouldn't be a matter of 'enough bullets', would it?A wonderfully worked story, mixed with the aesthetics of the trully Alien spirit. It simply works, it is a game where, while the thing you're expected to do isstay lowin most cases, you'll never find yourself tired of repeating the same mechanics to the infinite, like you would in any shooter.This is one of a kindsurvival horror.What this isn't, is a shooter. So please, counter-strike teenagers looking for guns and hordes of thing to shoot off, stay away from this game. You won't enjoy it, and then, you'll blame it ""for beeing a boring shooter""It is NOT a shooter."
76561197987042076,Recommended,214490,14373937,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,//`,"Perfect example of your childhood nightmares becoming playable. I thought that after alien vs predator all hope was lost, and then this came along. Take your chances and exlore a dark and cold environment while on constant lookout."
76561197985263356,Recommended,214490,14375878,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,=DWC= rots_o_rag s.s.,"Very fun, that dang thing will hunt you down over and over and over. Do all the crafting and use those items to save your self."
76561198039727068,Recommended,214490,15142374,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Genfinity,"If you want to be sucked into a game once in a while, if you want your heart to skip or jump in your chest from time to time, if you want a game that is dark and creepy and gritty and scary, buy this game.If you can't afford the price, put it in your wish list and buy it when it's on sale.This game has a number of add ons available for purchase.  Simply buy the base game and decide for yourself if you want to invest more money into it as you play it.If you enjoyed the Alien movies and you enjoy video games, you will absolutely love this game.Videos about this game are available on youtube but if you watch them, it will ruin some of the gaming experience for you.  Just watch the trailers on Steam.There are cinema scenes where you simply sit back and watch.  That may or may not be your thing.  Your choice.The game allows you to custom map your keyboard.  It has controller support and you can custom map your controller as well.The game was a 14.6 gig download on my rig so when you download it, expect to spend some serious hours waiting for it to finish.Once you complete the download, this game is fantastic.  I give it 6 stars out of 5."
76561198188038353,Recommended,214490,15146602,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,TRANE1,"From what I saw on videos, I was really excited to play this game and was really looking forward to having a lot of fun but when I finally downloaded the game and started it, when the black screen appears, a window opens saying that A:I.exe failed and I have to close it. I tried deleting and downloading it again several times but to no avail. If anyone has an idea as to how to fix this, please help me."
,Recommended,214490,15148469,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Darth Ezio,"great game, if you like the movies you will enjoy this one. my favourite game of 2014 on xbox one and had to grab it and go though it again on the PC"
76561198093140279,Recommended,214490,15149072,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Xera,"Amazing game so far.  Very much like the stealth gameplay reminiscent of the Thief series.  My first encounter with the alien made me wish I hadn't killed the humans in the area before...now that I was alone as well as the only target!  If your easily scared it helps to keep a few humans around for ""company"" lol kinda helps knowing the alien will probably go after them first since they make more noise than you do.I will admit I hesitated to play the game at night living alone but it's solid.  Definitely get this if you like Alien the movie or action, stealth, survival/horror in general.  This one is also made more fun since you can craft items and fight others without being totally helpless but of course when it comes to the alien if you want to live you need to get away or hide!"
76561198086563155,Not Recommended,214490,13642699,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jewsian,"Time for a Re-Review. I'm on my second play thru and I have realized that this game is worse than what I originally thought. My first big gripe is that bugs are far more prevalent then they were on my first playthru which was on Nightmare Mode. I am currently doing my second playthru on Hard.Enemies respawn after clearing a room and going to save. It's happened to me at least twice. The first time was on my first playthru. I was trying to pick up the Magnum from the first group of survivors who saw me as a hostile. I thought I'd clear the room so I managed to take out one member of the group, went out to save and came back and found that the female member of the group had respawned. The second time is in a server room further along. I killed 4 hostiles in one move and at least two of them spawned right after I went and saved because after going back to the room I found that there were 3 more enemies and in this particular area there is no more than 6 enemies.Other bugs I have come across include the Alien falling thru the ceiling (not from the vents) but just from the ceiling from the floor above me. Both times caught me off guard but I still managed to come out on top in those situations. I've had doors that are supposed to be open when I get to a certain area not open for me causing me to reload a previous save wasting precious time and resources. There has also been one instance where I have thrown a throwable at the Alien's head by mistake but he did not react to it or me. Other bugs include sound ques such as taped conversations and Alien roars playing at random times. For instance, I was in an area where I knew no one but me was and could be and all of the sudden the Alien Attack Scream goes right off as though it's next to me causing me to panic and move around but there was no Alien around at all.Next is the graphics. The Anti Aliasing is almost non-existent. For you SLI users you will have to turn off SLI in order to the get the best version of AA which is TX2. You get used to the bad jaggies after a while but when I first started to play this game I was disgusted with how bad the graphics were compared to some of the footage that was shown to promote this game. This game wasn't tested at length with PC. This should have been a Next Gen game but unfortunately the Xbox360 and PS3 versions of the game held everything else back.The Game mechanics were good at best. For you Alien fans, you will notice that the Alien does not have the behavior of what is potrayed in the films. The Alien NPC loves to patrol in plain sight. It is hardly ever in the vents or shadows just waiting or listening for you. You are going to spend more time hiding and sneaking then the Alien itself. Furthermore, you will also find a lot of times where you managed to drive off the Alien but he'll come right back for you immediately. You will find this type behavior typical on Hard Mode AND VERY frustrating.As for you Immersion lovers, you will find this game fail you many times. Respawning characters immediately after you save will annoy you to no end and the fact you can't pick up weapons you don't have from dead enemies will further annoy you.I reccommend that if you ARE GOING TO PURCHASE THIS ON PC then you should do so at 75% off. If you are thinking of purchasing this game on Console (hard disk/copy) then you also do so on a sale but sell it back when you are done with it. Because you will notice jagged edges on many objects when in motion even on the Xbox1 AND PS4.The story and dark suspensful atmosphere was the best thing about this game. I think a lot of people liked this game because of that. This game embodies how the Alien games should play out if you are not a soldier. I have to admit that this is likely the best Alien game but just because people liked it doesn't mean it's good or you will like it either."
76561197972459745,Recommended,214490,15149664,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,ÃequitasVeritãs5v1†,"Ok. So far this game is pretty buggy. But other than that, it isn't bad. Gets the blood pumping. The Alien is down right terrifying at times. Graphics aren't the best but still look preety good. Very immersive. There is a little bit of crafting involved but not enough to annoy me. At this point, I have about 9hrs into it, and I like it. Easy at times, really hard at times. Good waste of time, I say.."
76561198098628026,Recommended,214490,15149788,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Connor,Started first misson saw a person run past.   Throws computer out window. hides under blanket. Crys.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
76561198062498183,Recommended,214490,15149873,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Bootibeater,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again
,Recommended,214490,15159430,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DARVICH,"If you want the most realistic Alien experience to date 2015, then this is the game for you. It gets a bit drawn out and repetitive on some task towards the end but I still feel as thought It was a great experience and the most scariest game I have come across and best effort in creating an Alien game. If this game was played with a 3D headset then it would be exhaustingly terrifying! The Alien AI is very smart as it never seems repetitive, and because of this you can find yourself expecting the worst to happen almost every moment thought the game. Level design is great, as they suck to the original Alien content, even if some of the retro technology seems implausible it certainly gave that atmosphere of Isolation and sense of timelessness. Music, Epic, gave the game an avalanche of terror knowing you are being pursued by a monstrous forbidding beast. Also you could not go toe to toe with this animal which inevitably meant you are very very venerable and have to adapt by stealth and scavenging elements in order to make a half reasonable weapon which would only mean you have a second chance. For most people these days this can be a problem as they want a game with instant gratification of shooting every living thing in sight and being some supreme hero at the end of it all, sounds great. However I found this approach to a game very refreshing and most of all realistic.  Would highly recommend this game if you love Horror and intense atmospheric game play. If you like your games with Rambo’s and Unicorns  and all things fluffy, maybe you should of stop reading this a long time ago!  Happy Gaming People :-0"
76561198090995760,Recommended,214490,15160242,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Raul Menendez,"Buy this game whenever is on sale or not , and trust me you will not regret it. It is the best of its kind on my opinion, a horror game that sets everything into survival. The graphics are spectacular with minor glitches. As for the storyline it is enjoyable as you watch Ripley struggling to find a way out of the menacing sevastapool station while running for her life from the bloodthirsty alien and the androids and all this conflict to get informed for her mothers dissapearance. Clearly a game that  the alien sequel always deserved.As for my personal opinion i think that the game looks so nice and atmospheric because they made it up as the movie! An excellent remake of all alien movies into one single game.Personal rating: i give it a 9,5/10Tip: Dont try to neither outrun the alien nor fight the androids without having a stun baton equiped , you are going to die . P.S it can hear your sensor"
,Recommended,214490,15161718,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,trgz,"One of the most satisfying and complete games I've ever played. One to savour, though to be honest you'd be hard pushed to rush through it anyway. If you like stealth, amosphere (this game has it in bucketloads), like a 'grown-up' approach to the FPS genre, and you're not too claustrophobic, then this is for you. I always liked the Alien 'world' (during my playing of A:I I bought the Alien Anthology on BluRay) and this game certainly didn't disappoint. Play it only at night and with the lights down."
,Recommended,214490,15164474,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,my name jeff,"This game is so freaking scary!! Everytime i hear those footsteps scurry across the halls, i pee myself a little bit. And when i look through the cracks of the locker im currently hiding in and see the alien, i start to pray and♥♥♥♥♥♥myself as i come to my senses and realize im ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,214490,15220594,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,zild,10/10 would buy this again if possible.
76561198020429161,Recommended,214490,15222638,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nekro_Noize,"Phew, what a blast I had!Highly recommended!"
76561197970938042,Recommended,214490,15223257,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,HoLoDoC,mint !
,Recommended,214490,15224766,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BazBake,"Before I start, I have to note that from the ground up, when it comes to character and world design, music, and writing I have nothing negative to say. This is a solid addition to the canon Alien mythos with some interesting twists on old ideas and some of the same familiar themes. So, off the top, this is going to be a slight recommendation for Alien fans and a slight recommendation for buying the game at a discount, which I did (about $14-$20).Now, as for the nuts and bolts. If you judge a game solely by dollar value per hour of gameplay, you're good to go with this one. You will spend a lot of time trying to get to the end. The problem is that, unfortunately, much of that time is spent backtracking. You will backtrack a lot. It will be by design. In one mission, I found myself criss-crossing a 600 square foot stretch of white padded real estate at least four times and found myself wondering if I had actually gone insane and was really locked in an asylum.The backtracking isn't so much of a problem itself, except that the hook is an unstoppable murder-machine who will kill you on sight. Imagine playing a game of musical chairs and when the music stops a guy in black leather screeches and punches you in the face. That will happen more than once. You will become familiar with the same territory and you might get bored and irritated.As for the freaky violent leather monster, the star of this game is a wonderfully-recreated xenomorph/alien whose job it is to hunt you down and kill you. And if I seem to be exaggerating, rest assured  -- this creature exists to kill YOU. The conceit is that you, Amanda Ripley (estranged daughter of Ellen Ripley), are trapped on a failing space station with this monster and have to survive rampaging androids, paranoid humans, and a killer monster picking people off.This is not actually true. Yes, while the xenomorph will occasionally get pissy if humans start firing guns and kill one or two, it exists solely to eat YOU, the player. And that's when the AI starts to fall apart and all of the seams in this game show.As a survival horror fan, I'm used to unforgiving monsters tearing me to shreds for making the wrong move. In Alien: Isolation, you will be filled with a constant sense of dread. Not because you never know when the alien will appear but because the alien is ALWAYS THERE. No matter how silent you are, no matter how long you hide, the alien KNOWS you are there and will make it its personal hobby to run around like an idiot for five minutes at 30 miles an hour, jump out of a random ceiling vent, walk in aimless circles for another two or three minutes and then jump back in the vent to repeat the process.OCCASIONALLY, the alien will get bored and disappear altogether -- for about one minute -- before returning to desperately hunt you down and eat you. It makes one wonder, ""Why is everyone so afraid of this thing? It obviously just wants to eat me.""If the alien had been a punishment for engaging in combat or running down halls or getting in a fight. If the sense of dread at the pervasive, ever-present existence of a referee stepping in to say, ""Just checking to make sure you know I exist. Feel free to hang out in that locker for the length of a movie trailer while I stretch my legs or you'll have to replay 15 minutes of the game.""No, but seriously, this alien is really obnoxious and not scary at all. But let's continue...Androids. No complaints with them, since they're scary because aliens suck and androids distract you from aliens. Also, the cut scenes are really great.Humans. Now, the devs keep stating that the human dialogue determines how they respond to you. Except I've had humans tell me to back away and then FOLLOW ME when I left only to shoot me in the back and tell me they didn't want to do that. But their AI is ridiculous anyway. I've thrown flares right into the middle of crowds and had them not even notice. I've thrown noisemakers and have them comment that there's a really strange sound and then start walking in the other direction. This AI is really bad.Other highlights:You draw attention to a group of armed human survivors who seem to not care one bit about the alien...you throw a noisemaker...the alien drops out of a vent, eats two of them, then proceeds to spend the rest of its time running around desperately trying to find YOU, the player, who it DOESN'T EVEN KNOW IS IN THE ROOM.God help you if it sees you. While a half dozen humans are firing wildly at it, the alien will chase you in circles around a table in a desperate attempt to get the one unarmed person in the room minding its own business.Like an albatross punishing you for bothering to spend money on this game, the alien is on your motion detector. You sneaking through an empty hallway? Alien is there. You creeping under the table of an abandoned office? The alien is on your motion detector. While at one point I was under the impression that the alien's arrival would be punishment for picking fights, starting generators without a backup plan, or throwing a flashbang, I quickly learned that the alien's arrival was punishment for playing the game.I could see the devs sitting in front of a white board asking themselves what they needed. ""You know what this conversation about rigging electrical backups and rebooting computer systems needs? More alien.""After the second death, the shine wears off. Instead of worrying about screwing up and incurring the wrath of the monster you understand that the monster is just there, like sparking wires or moody music, a way to establish the setting. It's not even scary anymore, just this irritating thing forcing you to constantly keep one eye on the lockers you probably won't even use that much because hiding in them doesn't actually make the alien leave, it just makes it not kill you when it randomly decides to jump out of the ceiling and take a stroll...maybe grab a cup of coffee.And after 20 hours (oh, my, GOD, you will feel that time...) of watching it move you realize, ""This is a stupid robot running on RNG values waiting for me to do something arbitrarily stupid so I can think I screwed up."" The AI is really bad.Also (SLIGHT SPOILERS AFTER THIS)...Fire. This is supposed to scare the alien off, and while I understand that it eventually loses its efficacy, you've got to be kidding me. In one mission I won't name, the alien drops out of a vent (obviously scripted) and starts desperately running around the room looking for you. The easy way around is to throw a flare in advance and it will stare at it hypnotized, but come on...seriously? There's no way to avoid this alien, unless you know it's going to be there, without firebombing her in the face and it's SCRIPTED.As for how effective the fire is, in that same mission I lit the alien up, it jumped in a vent, I turned around and TWO SECONDS LATER it jumped out of the vent behind me and ate me. COME ON! And this was one of several missions where you're not really hiding from the alien, you're just waiting for it to jump out of a vent and make a mad charge at you like a bull waiting for you to burn its face and jump out of the way (seriously, jump out of the way if you don't want to get smacked)................That said, it controls well, it plays well, it looks well, and if you turn the music down all of the way the really great soundtrack doesn't make it impossible to hear people sneaking up on you while it blasts heavy techno drowning everything out....A slight recommendation."
76561197975605098,Recommended,214490,15225809,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Sabrex449,Just finished - i am never playing this again - uninstalling - i just could not go through the nightmare again. (those breaking bad robots in meth suits) 10/10
76561198038274161,Recommended,214490,15226101,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,LilMonkeyThe3rd,"*First impressions""Never before in a game have i picked up my first gun yet been so terrified of using it!The alien game I've been waiting for, I'd of enjoyed the beautiful graphics even more if i didn't spend most of the time hiding in the dark scared and alone.Must buy for anybody who considers themselves a fan of either the genre or the alien franchise"
,Recommended,214490,15162685,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Janio,"At Last! A game that respects the Alien franchise. An immersive thriller game. The best part of the game is damn Alien. He's a smart hunter, and acts in a way never seen an AI do in a video game. You will crap out of fear. Even its tail cause shivers while he is moving. The game's aesthetic is perfect, like the original movie, with the vintage/80's/retro futuristic look. I loved it. For me it's the best of 2014 on all platforms, and is by far the best game based on a film."
,Recommended,214490,15254445,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,skrefs,If you like horror games i can truly recommend this game. Even tho this game scares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. I think it worth its weight in gold. After playing this game a couple of hours i just had to sit down and watch the movie :DShort version: If you like Aliens and you dont mind getting a scare. Play this game! :)
,Recommended,214490,21788265,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,StevenNorene,"Spooky, awesome, intense, just BUY IT"
76561198062368291,Recommended,214490,20583641,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,LarcenNet. Gaming™,"Alien: Isolation is a first-person survival horror game which captures the fear and tension evoked by Ridley Scott’s 1979 classic film. Players find themselves in an atmosphere of constant dread and mortal danger as an unpredictable, ruthless Xenomorph is stalking and killing deep in the shadows. Underpowered and underprepared, you must scavenge resources, improvise solutions and use your wits, not just to succeed in your mission, but to simply stay alive."
76561198025424202,Recommended,214490,21833474,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,mlech415,Amazing game! We need more games like this!
76561197989783455,Recommended,214490,21835634,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Elearis,"SO SATISFIED WITH THIS GAME. NO, TYPING IN CAPS IS NOT RUDE BECAUSE ALIEN ISOLATION."
,Recommended,214490,18300350,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Ablanket,Fun game
,Recommended,214490,21829990,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MaZe,Would totally recommend this!-nice graphics-good story-crazy good AI-> I was constantly nervous and frightended!
76561198138876888,Recommended,214490,21819574,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,space_buffalo,I really keep coming back for the envirnoment. I love alien 1 and the art in the sets. All of the glowing buttons and octogonal hallways. The steaming space ship. The old computer moniters. I can't stop looking at everything. It feels like the alien is hunting you. I definately feel very immersed in this game.I like the game its pretty fun. I am getting into it. Would recomend definately.
,Recommended,214490,21817026,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Miimaster,"Alien Isolation is the best first person shooter game I've played in a while. You play as Amanda Ripley as she has to explore the space station Sevastapol in an attempt to escape. Along the way, various intellegent obstacles are thrown your way. These include the hostile surviors, the less then friendly ""Working Joe"" synthetics, and of course the Alien Xenomorph. While I am not a fan of the film franchise (due to never having seen it) I got a good feel for what the story was about and the plot stays true to the original Ridley Scott film from what I know about it. I had to play on Novice due to the difficulty, but still found it surprisingly hard on that as well, so I didn't feel like I wasn't playing an entirley different game. One complaint I have is a glitch I only got once, where I was unable to pull out the Motion Tracker in a late game section where I knew I was able to, and I don't know what caused it. Other than that, I had a fun (if you call being scared of everything fun) and challenging game experience, with a suspensful atmosphere that always kept me alert even on Novice."
76561198102448092,Recommended,214490,21821439,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Gaming VLounge.Youtube,Exclusive Thriller! Aa......mazing...
76561197968570864,Recommended,214490,21553285,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Flywheel Shyster,"This is the game that true fans of the franchise owe to themselves to play. As has been said over and over, the visuals and atmosphere absolutely nail the look and feel of Ridley Scott's 1979 classic horror/sci-fi film. Taking place on board a run down space station orbiting a gas giant you play as Amanda Ripley, Ellen Ripley's grown up daughter. She has been drawn here because of her ongoing search for the whereabouts of her mother. It seems that the doomed Nostromo's flight recorder has be found and is at Sevastapol station, an outer rim base owned by Seegson Corporation (a low rent competitor to Weyland Yutani).From the moment you arrive, the immediate sense of dread is like a smothering wet blanket. Throughout the game you will be relentlessly hunted by the malevolent alien as you try to survive and stay one step ahead by any and all means available to you. Making matters worse, the remaining human survivors are generally hostile and tend to shoot first and ask questions later. Add to this the malfunctioning androids, called Working Joes and you have a trifecta of foes to contend with. Then there is the station itself which is old and on the verge of being decommissioned.  Sevastapol constantly thwarts you with areas that are unsurmountable and doors that don't work, requiring you to often take alternate routes and find other ways to accomplish goals.Much has been made of the alien and it's AI. This thing actively hunts you and it's terrifying as you cower in the dark listening to it stomping around and growling. It has finely tuned hearing and will come looking for you if you make noise. If it sees a door opening or closing it will likely come and  investigate. As well, the alien can and does use the ventilation ducts to move around so you are never sure as you sneak along darkened corridors whether it will drop out of a ceiling duct ahead or behind you. Fortunately you are given a motion tracker early on that helps you to determine where your enemies are relative to you. You must learn to move quietly and decisively, while remaining malleable with the fluid nature of the situation. You can hide under furniture and inside lockers but sometimes the alien finds you anyway. Save stations will let you save your progress, but they are spread out and death often means having to play areas over again, increasing the tension even more. This is not a run and gun game, and early on you will find that trying to play it that way rewards you with death and death after death.You have a number of tools at your disposal, like noisemakers and flares to distract the alien, but these will only draw it's attention away from you briefly and if you use them too often it will learn to ignore them. As well, you will be able to make molotovs that will scare the alien off briefly (it hates fire). You can also craft bombs and EMP devices and will find several firearms like a shotgun and a pistol. Those work well against humans and robots, but the noise of gun fire  draws the aliens like a moth to a flame. The only weapon that is truly effective against the alien is a flamethrower which you find several chapters into the game. Unfortunately it's fuel burns up quickly and, depending on the difficulty setting, resources can be few and far between.  Basically, you never truly feel safe at any time.The audio design ensures that every creak and rattle of the station keeps you on edge and you will never get used to the sound of the alien crawling around in the ventilation system. Eventually you learn to interpret the different sounds that the alien makes and use it to your advantage but you can never be absolutely sure that your next move is going to be the right one. Many of the sound effects and musical cues are straight out of the 1979 movie making for a thoroughly absorbing soundscape.The look of the game is just spectacular. Level design is well thought out and the environments are insanely detailed with lighting that is astonishingly realisitic. Over and over again I marvelled at the art direction and how well it matched up to the 1979 film. You can tell that the game designers are huge fans of Alien and it shows. There are numerous nods towards the original movie as you play through that will put a smile on your face. Little things like the drinking birds you find on tables here and there or the authentic looking space suits you see hanging in lockers create a wonderful sense of nostalgia.Minor gripes: It has been said that the game is too long and I would agree with that statement somewhat. The last few missions contain too many twists and the goal posts keep getting moved further and further back.  As well, these latter sections begin to chafe on you as you are required to return to previously cleared areas to activate a generator or throw a switch to open a door or power up machinery somewhere else. It's doesn't spoil the game, but it does begin to feel a bit same-old, same-old towards the end.  Add to that a anti-climactic ending that screams for a sequel that we are never likely to get.Still, this is a marvellous game, obviously make with love. Any fan of the original film or the alien franchise in general should buy it. The designers suggest that the game be played on hard setting, which I did.  Resources are much more scarce, you must be more quiet to avoid drawing the aliens attention and the Alien is more omnipresent. If you can endure the entire game on this difficulty setting, you'll be rewarded with the Survivor achievement, something only 5% of players can boast about according to the global statistics.  Good luck, youi'll need it..."
,Recommended,214490,21802543,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,illuminutu,BEST GAME EVAR
76561197970690632,Recommended,214490,21801813,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hunchcorn,"Great atmosphere. Puts me on edge, and I haven't even seen an alien yet. Looks and sounds amazing!"
,Recommended,214490,21802465,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Scarik,This game was excellent! It is one of the few games that can actually put some fear into me!
,Recommended,214490,21805514,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Wintch,The good: EverythingThe bad: DK2 support is not oficial
,Recommended,214490,21805836,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,BOOM u thought,"Alien: Isolation is maybe one of the best games I have ever played. The scariness is at a high level, and the campaign by itself is just amazingly fun. I recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun and scary game."
76561198021092627,Recommended,214490,21758059,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,hochgebe,"Finally an Alien game worthy of the original masterpiece!  Scary and beautiful, Alien Isolation will leave any true fan satisfied.  I only wish it were longer.  If you are trying to decide if this game is for you, IT IS!  I played it through three times and have been considering a fourth run through.  I only wish Sega would make a sequel."
,Recommended,214490,21905422,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Karma,As you can tell by the Time Played... Im scared.
76561198272415131,Recommended,214490,21899612,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Adam-Ze-Shooter,Well i have played for just over an hour and had to call it a day because my palms were sweating so much lol This is one freaky game and the music makes ya sh*t yourself everytime. If you are looking for a edge of your seat game then this is for you. Highly recommend 10/10
76561198269554691,Recommended,214490,21898600,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Bigcapitalist,"I played this baby at 4k max settings locked 64 fps, it actually runs really well, this game scared the poop out of me... game play is AMAZING, the music gets your heart racing, its got a good story. It also has very, very good water and reflections, alo fog and lighting is superb. Only Cons i could possibly think of is geometry, like when somethings supposed to be round, and well, isnt, and textures, textures could be better, besides that its a good and terrifying game, especially when there's that moment when the Alien sees you hiding from the other side of the hallway, and lets out a horrific scream then charges under the desk and eats your face off before you can even think of doing anything because you almost peed yourself!I'd give it a 9/10 and put it second next to Rise Of The Tomb Raider.PS. I dare you to play it at night with the lights out and sound up and on Hard or Nightmare difficulty!"
,Recommended,214490,24452030,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,CreepshowArcade,"PROS:* Outstanding Atmosphere* Outstanding Sound Design* Great Visual Effects & Design* Great Sense Of ""Isolation""* Good Story* An Absolute Masterpiece In So Many WaysCONS:* Slightly Repedetive (the only con I can think of)TIPS:* I found that this game ran smoother in ""Windowed Fullscreen"" than in ""Fullscreen"". Your mileage may differ.* Also, be aware that you can and should adjust the FOV and Film Grain Effect to your liking. They are located within the settings menu.Alien: Isolation blends horror, exploration and puzzle solving better than most games.Include the amazing sound design and lighting effects and this game is a masterpiece.The jump scares are plentiful and the story is fairly immersive. The visuals are modeled beautifully to reflect the retro feel of the first film.The only negative point that I can make about the game is its slight repedetiveness.That said, Alien: Isolation is a must buy for any horror enthusiast.One of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,214490,24456258,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,→ Solar Mass,"Didn't know this was a horror game until I read other reviews. The alien is pretty cute tbh.naw im just kidding, im bad at these games"
76561198010934969,Recommended,214490,24127726,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,504,"Bought this game based off of the video done by Mac called Alien Isolation is it Worth A Buy....Lets read leats read lets read the words the words the words of.....the DEVLOPER! Dont always agree with Mack, but it is definetly worth a buy. Kinda reminds me of a 1980s movie version of Dead Space 1. Dont get me wrong Dead Space 1 was much better than this, but this is good. If you want a game that does not hold your hand this is it. If you are getting a little burned out on open world this is a nice change. This game is Hard As KCUF. I am not the one to play games on easy. I look for the setting the developer says the game is meant to be played on otherwise I default to normal and if it is too easy bump up to hard. Well the recomended setting for this game is hard. That it most certainly is. You will die and die and die over again. Yet the threat of dieing keeps me on the edge of my seat. Scale of 1-10? I give it a solid 8. Keeps me on edge and I keep going back for more punishment."
76561198070733413,Recommended,214490,24278005,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ramsay Bolton,What are you waiting for?BUY THE GAME!10/10P.SEvery time I call for an elevator now I start sweating.
76561198311227687,Recommended,214490,24281518,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Stealth,"9/10Best Alien game ever. Everything is almost perfect, the visuals, the controls, the pacing and gameplay. This is the first game I have played where the sound effects and music are as unsettling as the gameplay itself. More times than not you will find yourself crouching in a dark spot trying to figure out just what you are hearing and where it is coming from. Or worse yet, you know exactly what is making the sounds and you are praying it doesn't find you. The only thing I would change is the crafting of materials, while it is functional, it is a little cumbersome.If you are a fan of the Alien franchise or survival horror DO NOT pass this up."
76561197981317343,Recommended,214490,18257531,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,superduper007,"**Hint ***- I found that using the lockers to hide are useless. Only works once then the Alien always knows to look for you...forget about pressing those keys to hold breath...they don't work. Instead, just crouch and hide under tables or behind objects...always works! Yes the game is so easy playing it this way. I finished it and want more!I didn't know Alien: Isolation was this good. Huge levels. One of the best games I have ever played. I get to experience the Sci-Fi life and explore the beautiful space station and avoid being munched on etc. The Alien does kill other humans not sure what the other reviewer was talking about.  I thought the Dead Space series was good. Man this is even better. LIke the other reviewer said....this is more than a game this is an experience.  Great sound. Great Graphics. I got it on sale but still worth it  at full price. Contrary to others, I like the game being long. Who wants to pay money for a short game?"
,Recommended,214490,23438067,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,violence onanie,"more than just another horror game, alien isolation is not only a competent survival horror game but also a fully featured stealth game that, at times, plays closer to stealth classics like thief than contemporay horror games.also by far the best video game rendition of the fantastic sci fi designs of the original film."
76561198055576170,Recommended,214490,17962288,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,apatrainingltd,Hi Sorry despite the great graphics and voice overs - and good game play at the end of the day how much time can you spend hidding.. bit boring after a whilephil
76561198057631347,Recommended,214490,23496224,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,minahim,"Excelent graphics, very nice reproductions of the series feeling. I felt right there. Congrats on the whole good coding (and linux compat.)."
76561198003308890,Recommended,214490,23464801,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,raquelambersantiago,"LOVE LOVE LOVE this game and all the downloadable content.  This company and game actually done all the movies justice.  The graphics are amazing as are the voiceovers and the storylines.Like most games however there are issues with the game that need resolution.  No real tutorial on how to play its log in and surivive or die or both no middle ground really.  Some of the controls such as climbing up a ladder in the middle campaign with fire around you has major issues and is still not fixed which means many players were stuck on this portion for several days, weeks and one person even a whole month.While this game is mostly an evade and survive it honestly could have benefitted from actually being able to kill the aliens rather than hiding every 2 minuts.  But other than that I HIGHLY recommend and i am a harsh critic, i call em how i play em."
76561198032323815,Recommended,214490,23463151,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Uncle Rukus,Amazing!
,Recommended,214490,12502741,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dexomus,"CA have done a magnificent job in creating an almost unbearably tense enviroment, where every corner you turn there is always something there that is going to try and kill you. Music, special effects and game play all of the highest quality. Astonishing game."
76561198021964565,Recommended,214490,23319883,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Chojin Wolfblade,"I was pleasantly surprised by Alien Isolation.Reading the reviews I had mixed reservations getting into the game. I’m a fan of the Alien franchise FPS and used to play Aliens vs Predators a lot. This is nothing like that game.Alien Isolation is an atmospheric first person survival, think along the lines of Thief but with more suspense and scare factor.I\'ve played Amnesia and SOMA, and neither of those titles have anything on Alien Isolation.The blips on your motion sensor, coupled with the freaky narrations from androids as they search for you, gives you shivers.There were a number of times I was physically cringing as I tried to sneak into an air vent to escape.The storyline is solid and there is a community mod available which makes the graphics top notch.I\'d suggest you play it through on a hard setting as I don\'t think it’s a title you\'d play through over and over.There are a couple of extra levels and challenges you can play after completing the main story, but these are all very short.Overall I was very impressed and thought Alien Isolation was well worth its money. I just hope they do a sequel."
,Recommended,214490,23289982,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sir Bot,Damn I hate 2 man switch.
,Recommended,214490,23403563,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,XxSwagnemitexX,lil lagy but great
,Recommended,214490,21143920,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KidNitro,One of the best survival games I ever played.
76561197999176192,Recommended,214490,17885409,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Pvt. A. Reyes [1stNJ(Co.A)],This game is awesome so you should get it and the graphics are outstanding also the story is well made.
,Recommended,214490,23258877,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Tuver4,"I might just be a massive coward but this game put me into absolute hysterics at some points. (There's a brief clip of that below) If you want to come home after a long day and play a nice relaxing game, don't play this one. If you want to come home after a long day and put yourself into a state of almost constant anxiety and panic, well then this is perfect! Great voice acting and an interesting story to boot, it's a really great game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAwD81YVFBE"
,Recommended,214490,22714740,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mapleleafman,I have played about 75% so far so good. Great ambiance the constant anticipation of waiting for something to happen.  I can see me playing it at least 3 or 4 times. Trying to gather every thing I find and not die.  Good practice at sneaking. When then Alien kills me I am startled everytime. There are spots where it will get me several times in a row trying to get through a spot and it makes me jump everytime LOL. Determination and eventually I make it through. Sometimes I will hide and afraid to come out because as soon as I do I DIE LOL. Great game for a challenge and Startleation is that a word it is now. Definate recomendation. Get in on sale and will not regret the challenge. The start is a little slow but the farther you get the harder it gets and the more you die and just accept that you will die and sometimes several times in a row trying to find the right path. 2 thumbs up
76561198060421127,Recommended,214490,23372889,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,S1ickReed,"Great setting, atmosphere, gameplay, and a little scary. Can be challeging, trying to speed run is not what this game is about. Take your time, use your tools to evade the alien. This is a true cat and mouse game, YOU ARE ALWAYS THE MOUSE."
76561198114470825,Recommended,214490,23262569,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Salty_Saturdays,"This game is of the highest quality, it made me jump, multiple times, and the sound design is INCREDIBLE, not to mention that the graphics are great and well optimized! It was so fun to play, and it is worth playing multiple times."
76561198203272917,Recommended,214490,23262850,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,beforeiwakee,"This really is a one of a kind game. I've played all of the horror games you can think of. This kind of falls into the Amnesia/Outlast category but more Sci Fi, still horror nonetheless. As the Alien is scary as ♥♥♥♥, what people said about the isolation you feel in this game is comparable to being under water in Rapture in Bioshock is a good comparison except space obviously. But I feel it's even more atmospheric at times, so eerie and quiet knowing that a alien is right on your tail at all times. And sometimes a door closing behind you that you knowingly opened a few seconds ago, is enough to scare you pretty bad. It gets that intense at times, the AI isn't bad at all. It's just a relentless game, it's programmed so the alien is stuck to you at pretty much all times. Same with the androids, it's not all stealth though. You are armed with items you find to craft emp mines, molotovs, medic packs, and you also have a revolver/shotgun/stun gun/flame thrower. But you can't kill every enemy. You have to be smart, and you don't even have enough items to kill anything until towards the end of the game. This game's pretty hard on any difficutly, you can get lost, not sure where to go many times in the game. It's a long and crazy experience. NOT TO MENTION, A BEAUTIFUL GAME. Seriously, the visuals are so crisp and the realism is insane. The optimization is also great, if all you have is a 650 ti or GTX 750 you're completely fine getting good frame rates at decent settings. For this genre it's hard to call this game anything but a PERFECT 10/10. It's done completely right, I wish more companies would give their games the TLC this game was given."
76561198155293613,Recommended,214490,23173836,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,samZ,"Can't recommend this game enough if you like the Alien series or games that make you sweat stress lolThe game was made with so much love for the source material, from the 1979 Alien film set or the amazing movie grade music.  This game has been one of my favourites to play and stream.  Creative Assembly you have done an amazing job.  Well done"
,Recommended,214490,23424568,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Zalanyxi,Perfect game.
,Recommended,214490,23446168,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BOT Fixer,A true tribute to Ridley Scott's Alien. It builds a solid atmosphere with amazing attention to detail. The world building and sound is top notch. The story could have been better and the cutscenes looked like they were rendered in 720P but overall the game was quite a ride and nothing has terrified me more than this.Would reccomend.
,Recommended,214490,12395558,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Rising Storm: Maria,"This is the first Alien game to capture the essence of the first movie, and it deserves respect for that."
76561197973952121,Recommended,214490,23389545,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mati,"This the ultimate, the first real Alien game. All the others out there, those are AlienS games, where you blast the xenomorphs by the dozens. Not here, and I love this! This is something different. Even when you get weapons and other toys to combat the Alien, every encounter is horrific and different. I tend to play every game very defensively and it led me to squatting in various hiding spots just waiting for the danger to go away, just glancing at my motion detector. Is it gone? Is it in the vents? Did it spot me?The Xeno is unkillable, not by conventional means. This is the main thing that makes this game. You HAVE to hide and avoid it. People are apparently complaining about it, but this is the tenacious beast that survived the blasts from rocket engines of Ripley's shuttle in the movie! It's how it should be done!The stunning visuals really help to build the tension and I have to mention, they take inspiration from the movie in bulk. I'm talking the same doors, ladders, tight corridors, almost every scenery from Ridley Scott masterpiece made it to this game, and it serves it very well. The Xenomorph, well, it remains the best alien monster out there, so there's not much more to say on this front.The audio is surreal, and crucial to survival. Apart from intensifying music when the enemy is near, you can listen to the environment for clues. Often they will reveal a creature in the vents above you, really feeding the overall feeling of claustrophobia.So, ok, I have praised, but it's not all good. Above I only mentioned the Alien bits, and for a reason. Isolation loses on levels with androids and humas. I remember forgoing stealth on many of those levels in favor of brute force. And while they serve a purpose of interludiums between Alien encounters, I wish they were done more subtly. I felt like it tried to be a FPS for a moment there and it just didn't agree with me - it's just not made to be one. Apart from that, there is the main complaint I heard - that Isolation is too long. I do partially agree, but only because of some QTE-like sequences, like powering generators, pulling levers and such. They just take too long and are in too great a number. I see why it is so - during those actions you can be attacked, so you have to time them correctly. But they are just too many. I can't really think of more bad stuff...Overall, I had a great time with this game, it really sticks to the first Alien movie atmosphere. If you liked the movie, are patient, like hiding over shooting, and don't mind the scares, go for it!Signing off."
,Recommended,214490,23485762,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jawgurt,Very atmospheric game where you feel truly alone and exposed. I had moments each day when I just got the urge to play some more because there are so much going on with the story. The adversaries felt really frightening and well made. Campaign was perfecl in terms of difficulty and lenght.
,Recommended,214490,23471225,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Krazy Burd,10/10
76561198105332865,Recommended,214490,23354331,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,sharkweek5,"There are parts in the game that were just frustrating at times and the alien can be very annoying. Over all it's a game well worth the time and money especially for fans of the Alien series. For those who don't know, this game takes place between the first and second movies and you play as Ellen Riply's daughter who is looking for her whivh, in my opinion gives in an interesting plot right from the beginning. The graphics are amazing, I absolutly loved that the creators stayed faithful to eighties style sience fiction look. Two giant thumbs up."
,Recommended,214490,23327235,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Newcorpse Ondablock,This game is cool
76561198010077843,Recommended,214490,16981860,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ogadei,Clever horror game that manages to keep you on edge through out. Recommended to people desiring a quick scare.
76561197999982850,Recommended,214490,23314305,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fanatic,"One of the two best games of 2014. I was expecting a shooter game with Aliens and what i got was even better. I had to change my underwear regularly how scared Ive been while playing. Great story, long gameplay time, scary and intense! Wish there was more games like these nowadays."
76561197963301010,Recommended,214490,23314538,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Xenoth,"You either love this game or hate it. Just check the professional reviews and the scores.Personally, I love this game. I'm an old, hardcore Alien-lover and although the AvP games were descent, I've alwways been looking for an Alien game that could live up to the movies and stay true to them. This game finally does it.Not just that, but it keeps the atmosphere from the movies and even takes place between the first and second movie, with a plot that makes sense. Although we know from Aliens, that daughter and mother never get to meet, Amandas story and character is still interesting and I'm looking forward to see more of her.Genre-wise, the game is a combination of Dead Space and Amnesia/SOMA. Survival hide-and-seek horror, although you do have weapons and tools. Ammo is sparse, which makes it even better and more atmospheric. And a great game length as well.This isn't a game I'll be playing annually, but it's worth the bucks. Amazing graphics, amazing atmosphere. Survival horror at its best. We just need more of it."
,Recommended,214490,23279481,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,FilmToaster,"ESC: The Video GameNah, but the game is scary as hell. It perfectly captures the mood of the original Alien film from 1979. It has this dark and forbodding kind of atmosphere that can't be replicated anywhere but the Alien universe. The graphics... are stunning. No, check that, they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥-inducing. These are are some of the best video game graphics to date besides EA's Battlefront by DICE. Everything is detailed to an upmost extreme, which can extend your gameplay hours a ton. You'll just wander around the ship looking at signs and listening to recording tapes, that is, when you're not being hunted by the lone Xenomorph. Unlike the previous Aliens: Colonial Marines, which isn't half bad in my opinion, this game goes for the chilling survival experience, like what Amnesia did. The alien is an unstoppable threat, so your only chance of survival is to avoid it and not get caught by it. When you do, you get the biggest jumpscare you've ever had in a video game. Be sure to try to avoid it. It's hard to though, so you're always tense whenever just walking the ship by your lonesome, listening to creaks in the vents and hearing the ship fall apart. This is definately an auditory game. You need good sound to get the best out of this experience. My advice? Turn off all the lights, put on some surround headphones, turn the settings in-game to maximum, and make it fullscreen. You will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants. So, yes, I absolutely highly recommend the game. It's a frightening experience with a large campaign that will keep you tense all the way to the end. One minor note though: AVOID THE DLC."
,Recommended,214490,23136413,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ishvii,"This game did an excellent job of making me feel like I was in an Alien movie. Guns were more or less useless, I spent the whole time hiding and being scared of the dark. Beautiful and atmostpheric."
,Recommended,214490,23226377,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,A Damn Fine Penguin,2 spoopy
76561198025109880,Recommended,214490,23222993,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Vanilla,Such a underrated game when you buy this you wont regret it
,Recommended,214490,23245916,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,LITERALLY ME,"Got this game for a low price, but hot diggity damn!This has awesome graphics, amazing sound design, it is pretty damn scary, etc. etc.also, when the devs ask you to play this on hard. PLAY IT ON HARD9.5/10"
76561198248148116,Recommended,214490,23117836,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Censoredmammal,"Looks astonishingIt's a long gamebut intense throughout.It's inspired by the first movie of the Alien saga, it's simply the best homage to Ridley Scott's movie. It will make you feel your there, it will scare you and it will make you jump... and you'll like it. :-)"
76561197961543329,Recommended,214490,20952063,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,attaG,"For the money I paid, everything in this game was really much value for money.I enjoyed, was scared, was excited and the graphics... Are gold for 2014 game :)One thing didn't please me :DWhen you take the radar on your hand, your sight of backround will smoothly change to blur when you watch the radar. But if you click Right-Mouse-Click to actually see the backround, this sighting doesn't change smoothly anymore. It happens in seconds :DThis was only thing which jump'd  in my face. Everything else is just smooth and perfect as creators have done with this graphic engine :)5/5"
76561197970614321,Recommended,214490,13829824,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,®Valiant™,Hard!!!   Scary!!!  Unforgiving!!!!   Awsome!!!
76561198052985545,Recommended,214490,20949127,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,jinath715,"Gotta hide! Fast!The game builds up slowly (much like the original movie) by adding suspense and mystery in tiny increments, at first, allowing the player a chance to immerse themselves into the story and environment.This game is scary and the alien seems to be fairly intelligent when compared to most game AI's.As a huge Alien movie fan, I've been wanting a game like this for a long time and this one delivers 100%.Everything from the environmental design and lighting down to the unpredictability of the alien creature will solidify your immersion into this game.Put simply, if you like the 'first' Alien movie then you will most likely enjoy this game."
76561198123707632,Recommended,214490,20949403,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jay,Awesome simply Awesome!
76561197969156803,Recommended,214490,20975621,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Moby--,"Scary as hell, Makes me jump, can only play with a lamp on.. scary!!! Very good game and fun to play!!"
,Recommended,214490,20984626,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captain K3ZA500,I am absolutely terrified right now.
,Recommended,214490,21029968,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,scottishoutlaw,Great game. loved it overall.+ Characters+ Complements film subtley but superbly.+ Tension+ Scare jumps not over used.+ Not to many collectables.+ Lore detail.+ visual effects .+ varied Environments+ Sound Effects.- to much retraceing of steps in the last quarter of the game- Some of the obsticles are repeatative and only there as a way of lengthening the play through rather than adding anything to story and actual detracts from emersion.- Alien occasionally ignored me and just dondered off.- The ending really annoyed me.
76561198173432603,Recommended,214490,21022485,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,darkroo233,Fun and scary!  What a cliffhanger!
,Recommended,214490,21026787,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DrLuke,"10/10, rip pantsu~"
,Recommended,214490,21028622,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,FatherTouchTouch,Finally a game that can be spookey and scary without the use of skelitons10/10
76561198147897950,Recommended,214490,21034861,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mauro,ALTO
76561198145576970,Recommended,214490,21035058,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Efraín Arturo,"Awesome game, little too much back tracking for me but a must buy."
,Recommended,214490,21042649,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Jack The Samurai,Awsome
76561198040166546,Recommended,214490,30696942,Posted: 23 March,all,KungFucious,Loved it.
76561198118146478,Recommended,214490,16567417,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vorylenus,"Haven't played it on easy, but I can assume that on easy the alien is a joke. Played it on Hard before nightmare was released. Alien can be pretty intense and don't watch your motion tracker. It only draws it in closer and gets you killed. Only helpful for brief moments to track something at a distance.Synthetics are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to kill unless you get behind them and hope that they don't turn on you. Or use a bolt gun and shot them in the head. Yes, you can use other guns to kill it, but they take forever and draw the attention of unwanted things.Not really a review, but I enjoyed the game. The atmosphere was great and brought back memories of the original alien movie. Looking forward to a possible sequal to this game."
,Not Recommended,214490,15162215,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dreadiel,"AS many others stated, after the first Alien encounter, the f*cking game goes totally south and the gameplay only consist to ""push button-use wrench to open that lever-then use other button to open box with next button""...Also,""It doesnt make sense that ONE alien in a massive space station full of other people is now stalking only you for the rest of the game""Amen : wtf is happening with this über-AI-Alien-Thingy ? Is the Ripley Family smelling so good the Aliens will hunt em 24/7 in a 9000000m2 space station full of humans ?To resume : first part is great, then it turns to ragefest."
