user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,214560,8903407,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Zaregoto,"Title: This confused me for a while. I interpreted it in a manner similar to ""George of the Jungle"", and spent a good space of time believing that the protagonist was named Mark. Somewhere, deep in my heart, I still believe his name is Mark. As such, I will be referring to the protagonist as Mark for the duration of this review, and afterwards as well.Graphics: It's like playing a cartoon which is kind of cool. I watched Samurai Jack one time, and he was pretty neat. I like to consider Mark as like his cousin on his mother's husband's side or something. The graphics contain many cool features such as ninjas, lights, and enemies. Some people consider the characters to be two-dimensional, but I think that they're just drawn that way so we shouldn't make fun of them. Everything is nice and fluid, it's like the characters are made of water or maybe filled with *blood.Sound: The characters have voices and they use them to say things like""HURGH"" or ""BLARGLREGARGLEBLARGH"" when you stab themGameplay: Gameplay is very stealth-centric, meaning it may be difficult to notice at first. Once you manage to spot it, however, you'll be hooked. And so will the guards.There are lots of great ways to sneak around, like kill the guards, or hide from the guards, or scare the guards so much that they shoot their friends and kill them for you #Teamwork2014 #JustGuardThings #Livin'ItYou get gadgets and they're usefulYou can think in this game, and I've grown to appreciate how thinking stops time so you can decide where you want to throw things like darts and smoke bombs.I find it very distracting how much the game is based on distraction and getting guards to squander their attention on arbitrary things in the environment like the noise mine you threw behind them.Story: Mark bears the mark of the ninja, which gives him extra abilities. One of those abilities is the ability to take Revengeance upon the bad guys by killing them and stuff. Another ability is to go insane and kill your friends, which would be sad, but I guess they'd stop being your friends when they saw you trying to kill them so then you wouldn't be killing your friends it would just be a mob of angry dead not-friend ninjas which is entirely morally justifiable by comparison.Title: 1Sounds: a lotGraphics: Probably more than ten, I wasn't really counting when I played it so I dont know the exact number of graphical assets involvedStory: 2 if you have the DLC thing, 3 if you count the two different endings based on your final choice.---------------------------Total: pretty good game, almost bought again but realized that would be pointless*This has, in multiple instances of gameplay, been confirmed true."
76561198053032495,Recommended,214560,32148380,Posted: 3 June,all,el_gabs,"Bear the MarkAwesome sidescrolling platformer with excellent stealth gameplay with varied gameplay. Plenty of routes you can take and a variety of weapons and equipment at your disposal. Levels felt unique and boss battles didn't force you out of being stealthy. Also love it when games let you replay specific levels to improve score, find collectibles, etc. A definite must have if you enjoy stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,26274456,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,TheFinkinator,"Do you like ninjas? Real ninjas?Buy this game.Please join me as I explain why this game deserves TONS of praise and credit.There are many ninjas in video games. Being a gamer, youve probably heard of a few of them.Ryu Hayabusa from ninja gaiden. Strider from his self titled games, Scorpion and sub zero from mortal kombat, Grey Fox from metal gear, etc, etc.But you havent heard of the main character of Mark of the Ninja. because nobody has. And why havent they? BECAUSE HES ACTUALLY A NINJA.In popular culture, ninjas have turned into something that they historically never were to pander to the masses. They are portrayed (in games, movies, cartoons, and all popular media) as super invincible Rambos who come in and lethally destroy hundreds of people who should on all accounts kill them immediately. theyre given super human strength, agility, reflexes, to the point of being rediculous, because people like to watch that. It makes them appeal to the audiences who want to watch them do exactly that. The problem is that is NOT what ninjas did. In fact, you couldnt make them do anything that was MORE against the souce material.The biggest point to this that makes it kind of insulting is that they are making these changes to ninjas to make them more badass, when ninjas were already badass to begin with, and didnt need any help.The art of the ninja was the art of nonexistence. They were shadows. Whispers. They were sent on missions that noone else could be sent on. They would sneak through places undetected to gather information, or yes, sometimes to assassinate people. They were very skilled at killing people, but did so ONLY at the absolute last resort, to prevent themselves from being discovered. They kept their identities secret. They covered their faces. They tried their hardest to NOT EXIST.The fact that everyone knows ryu hayabusa and strider (even in their oen worlds) and that characters like them run around in the open massacreing hundreds of people and not caring who knows means that they are NOT ninjas. not even that they are bad ninjas. they arent ninjas at all.This game lets you play as a REAL ninja, and is one of the only examples of a game Ie seen that actually lets you do that. You cant fight the gaurds, or at least its VERY difficult to beat them in combat, even one on one. Why? I thoght you were a ninja? You are, but they have GUNS. Just because youre a ninja doesnt give you the ability to easily defeat a trained soldier with a loaded gun in fair combat. But you can very easily defeat them if you sneak up on them. thats what a ninja would do if he had to kill. the game also gives you extra points for hiding bodies, which is again, what a ninja would do. The game gives you MORE points if you can go through the level without killing people or being detected. The goals a ninja would have.The game is very fun. and it points out that you can have  REAL ninja, as opposed to a hollywood ninja, and still be badass. arguably even more badass.Give the game a try."
,Recommended,214560,22596601,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:Mark of the NinjaOriginal Release:2012Genre Tags:2D; Stealth; Platformer; Action; NinjaMy Overall Grade:A-Estimated Playtime (Campaign):10-20 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Game atmosphere connoisseursREVIEWMark of the Ninjais an instant indie classic.  It is very easy to digest and has an alluring simplicity to it; but at the same time it boasts exciting gameplay and a very refined atmosphere.  Elements of 2D platforming, stealth, and action combine to create a distinguished and enjoyable identity for the game. If you generally appreciate this style of game, then you should consider checking outMark of the Ninja.The core gameplay is relatively simple and easy to dive right into.  The controls are mostly comfortable and intuitive, and the design style allows each person to tailor their play to their preferences.  Each mission allows for a little improvisation at times, as there are often different routes you can take to reach your goals. And as you unlock new items and abilities, you can experiment with new approaches to keep the game fresh.There isn't much per way of the story, but there is enough information offered to give you a basic purpose to your actions. But even though the story elements are minimal, the game has an outstanding atmosphere.  The art style is very pleasing, especially the hand-painted backdrops. And the lighting effects are exquisite, particularly due to the importance of staying in the shadows. Add in the fitting weather effects and the soundscape and you are left with a truly pleasurable and captivating atmosphere.Mark of the Ninjaalso was designed to be challenging without being overly difficult. I personally felt that it was perfectly balanced to not be too easy and not be too hard, dwelling within that perfect “Goldilocks-zone” that allows the game to appeal to a vast majority of gamers. And since most people won’t be able to just breeze right through it unchallenged, it can take over a dozen hours to complete— even though it isn’t necessarily alonggame. On top of that, there is also a NewGame+ mode to add some replay value for those who would be interested.In summary, I posit that grabbingMark of the Ninjais an easy choice for any true fan of the genre. And due to the high quality of the game design, I also would suggest that more casual fans of the genre give it some strong consideration as well.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,214560,13992329,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL:DR? See ConclusionNOTE:I'm reposting some of my old reviews because I adopted an easier to read format (and because for some reason I can't edit my old reviews)INTRODUCTION:Mark of the Ninja was released in mid 2012 originally for the Xbox Live Arcade and eventually released on Steam. It is a 2D side scrolling Stealth game which delivers gameplay which heavily emphasizes stealth combat (either Lethal or Non-Lethal). It has then received several critical acclaim from both players and critics alike.The player takes on the role of ""The Marked One"", an unnamed Ninja from the Hisomu Clan during the modern (relatively futuristic) world. After a massive attack by a heavily armed and technologically superior mercenary group on your home Dojo, the Marked One awakens to find himself tagged by mysterious tattoos which grant him unrivaled skills and ability. Use this new found powers to drive away the invaders and uncover their plans.PROS:+ Excellent art style with high resolution art works (essential for a 2D game)+ Fluid and very responsive character animation+ Excellent Stealth mechanic that places some Triple A titles to shame+ Quality sound design (which is very important in a stealth game)+ Good character progression that accomodate different playstyles+ Fun (and fair) puzzle mechanics+ Very responsive controls specially with controllers but...(See CON #1)+ High replay value+ Relatively large levels with hidden collectibles but most importantly...(see below)+ Mission objectives can be approached and completed in multiple waysCONS:- Keyboard controls are a bit complex and and may need getting used to- Some puzzles are repetitive and frustrating- Black and White ending (NO SPOILERS): - This game suffers from the Mass Effect 3 Syndrome where the player chooses between ending A or ending B regardless of how you played thus leading to...(See below)- Not much incentive to go with the Non-Lethal path (which, to be honest, is a lot more challanging and fun)- No non-lethal option for BossesCONCLUSION:GREAT GAME. Mark of the Ninja delivers one of the best Stealth experiences since Thief: The Dark Project. The fluid Animation, sound quality and excellent art work gives life to the world.It's well worth its full price with its high re-playability and beautifully crafted level designs. It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for long time Stealth players and casual players alike.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6861651-Miyumi%27s-Review-Corner/"
,Recommended,214560,15991457,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Myotirious Latine,"Game InfoName: Mark of The NinjaDeveloper: Klei EntertainmentGenre: Stealth, Lite-PuzzlePersonal Thoughts: Not a bad game, the story is a bit rough but when it all comes down together well enough in the finale.What is Mark of The Ninja?Mark of the Ninja is a stealth ninja action game from the developers Klei Entertainment which are famed for their work on games such as Shank, Shank 2, the survival game Don't Starve and lastly the incredibly fun new game Stealth Inc. Like many other of Klei's game the gameplay mechanic is incredible and true to life ninja story in which you are not a badass in a fight but instead requiring stealth to actually take them head on and has elements of puzzle in it although it is a bit light on that front.GraphicsBeautiful stuff, although unlike shank it's not handrawn due to the limitation of budget and time. The game sprite for guards, Ninja and background is beautiful to look at especially the background I suppose since the game primarily plays in black and white you won't notice all other sprites a lot.SoundThe game has a dynamic tempo system where the action on-screen dictates what sort of music and sound you get. For most part the ambient music blends in well that you can hardly hear it most of the time. But when the action gets tough upbeat tempo accompanies you.GameplayThe Ninja, a tool of assassination. An agent of Destruction. A shadow that briefly appears before dissapearing, leaving death and chaos in its wake.As a master of sneaking the ninja makes no sound as they move quietly through the level, hunting down their prey but even a master is not capable of hiding their sound completely which is clearly indicate by a circle. Hell everything that make sound in this game has a circle to let you know their radius.Game has you traversing multiple level each with their own objective and while you can easily dispatch everyone to make the game easier and get more point that way it is far more challenging to just sneak past the guards and avoid them. IF you do want to kill them there are a lot of skills that you can purchase using points earned from completing levels and objectives that will make the job of killing guard even easier. Of course stealth people are not left out either, they have lots of tools at their disposal.Everything in this game depends on line of sight and sound, guards can't see you in the shadow but can spot you a mile away in the lights and everything produce sound as I said earlier which is indicated by a circle. So far the whole system works very well, most of the time I got caught because I was too busy trying to quickly run through the level. Essentially nothing in this game is truly unfair or hard. There are also enviromental objects that you can use to hide behind, get shot and detected with and to destroy like in most typical stealth game.That is until you play the New Game + Mode which severely handicaps you to the level of a normal human being and the game now being several times as hard. It's a 1 hko in that mode.ConclusionLike most of Klei's game MotN plays very well with little bugs and glitches and has an incredibly strong gameplay elements to back it up. Sure the story drags on a bit and the levels are easy if you take the path of killing everyone but that is an option I usually prefer. Overall great game, no bugs and glitches so far and great gameplay elements makes this a plus.DLCThe special edition adds a whole new side story mission, new items, 2 new achievement and for the best part: developer commentary. These appear as balloons throughout the game that shows insight to the developers though on the game.Scoring Methology [Courtesy of Meat King]:-	S-Rank: excellent-	A-Rank: very good-	B-Rank: solid-	C-Rank: satisfactory-	D-Rank: inferiorVerdict: A+ RankCheck out the Original Network Groups. Win free games, make new friends on Steam, & more!Original Curators Group,Original Traders Group, &Original Giveaways Group"
,Recommended,214560,21814831,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tom,"Mark of the Ninja is a side-scrolling stealth game, developed by Klei Entertainment. It was initially released on Xbox 360 in September 2012, before being released on Steam in September 2013. You play as a nameless ninja in current times.Mark of the Ninja places a high emphasis on stealth. You are able to see how much noise your character makes by moving, or carrying out a certain action by a circular area showing so. Noise can be used against you, or to your advantage, such as creating a distraction to enemies to allow you to pass by. The game does have a combat system, but it is on the basic side. The combat is essentially a small QTE, requiring you to press the button shown on screen in order to carry out a clean kill of the enemy. You are able to use the environment against your foes too, such as cutting a chandelier to fall onto your enemies head, turning on electric wires to shock them, and many more creative ways to cull the bad guys.Throughout the story mode, you are able to unlock extra mechanics to use, such as sliding kicks, hanging attacks or new tools to use out in the field like smoke bombs. You can upgrade these at any of the upgrade points in the game, using the talent points you have earned.Visually, Mark of the Ninja ticks all the boxes too. Even though it is only 2D, you can see how much care and attention has gone into making this game look as good as it has. The backdrops in which you are in are gorgeous, plenty of awesome looking characters and bad guys too. Every single bit of animation looks spot on too. All of the characters move so fluidly it is almost perfection. The narrator and all other voice acting are done to an extremely high standard as well.This game is by no means easy. You will at times find yourself almost rage quitting at how difficult certain stages are. Some points almost feel impossible until everything just clicks into place. That is what I loved the most about this game. Whilst there is an element of luck involved in a lot of situations, the main points always come from how skilfully your carry out kills, and distractions. If you practice enough, you will eventually heighten your reflexes and senses to allow you to progress.  Upon completing the game, you will unlock the New Game+ mode, which is seriously one of the hardest gaming experiences you will have. Enemies become more intelligent, they will kill you in a single hit, your line of sight is limited to which ever direction you are facing and you no longer have the radius area around you to show how much noise you are making. If you want a challenge, this game mode is certainly going to be for you.The single player story mode took me just over 18 hours to complete. This is spread out across 13 levels. Each level has three different challenges/optional objectives for you to complete such as finishing the level in a certain amount of time, finding some special loot or even something as simple as killing a certain about of enemies. This all adds to the replay ability of the levels and gives you something different to strive for.  Even though I have only just started the New Game Plus mode, I can see it taking almost double the amount of time to complete due to how high the difficulty ramps up, whether it is something I see through to the end is another thing though.Mark of the Ninja is a technically sound game as of now. I was able to play in high resolutions with all of the settings turned up. The game needs to be played with a controller though. I tried with keyboard and it just isn’t as reflex friendly compared to a joy stick sadly. Whilst there isn’t any so called multiplayer aspect to the game, you can always take part in the leader boards for each level, which is a nice little touch.To sum up, Mark of the Ninja is a seriously must play game. In my opinion it is one of the saving graces of the Stealth genre’s recent surge in popularity. It does everything right, and you will struggle to find another stealth game that is as polished and fun to play as Mark of the Ninja.  The indie price tag on the game sits perfectly too; at £10,99 being an absolute bargain of a deal.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghere.You may also be interested in checking out a PC gaming podcast, be sure to headhere.http://store.steampowered.com/app/214560"
76561198037147580,Recommended,214560,32581341,Posted: 19 June,all,ramonpontes,"It is a great stealth platfoming 2D game. The graphics, the movements, and the mechanics are perfect.There are collectibles, secret areas, unlockable weapons, items, skills and costumes that enhance some features of the ninja. Everything a platforming game should have.The achievements provides a great replayability, some are quite challenging, and they are not boring at all.You can choose if you will kill every enemy ahead, or if you will try to sneak past them. The game rewards you both ways.If you buy the DCL, you have access to a new level, and the comments from the developers during the main game. The comments show how the developers took great care and whim by making this game.This is a masterpiece, and I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,214560,13564719,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,GraaMee,Ever wanted that TRUE  ninja game? This is it. Really. It is.
76561198053286557,Recommended,214560,31666377,Posted: 10 May,all,Axxxel,"One of the best 2D side scrollers out there. Gameplay is fun, stealth works great, animations are good too. Overall, worths every cent. 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,26468595,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hurkin,"+Great level design with multiple ways to sneak around+Tight controls on keyboard+Gain XP from killing guards, avoiding them, or scaring them to the point they kill each other from wild friendly fire+Use your XP to unlock more tools and armors to harass them further+Interesting story-It's meant to be a stealth game anyway, but you're very limited defending yourself if you're caught"
,Recommended,214560,13580916,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Mark of the Ninja is a 2D side scrolling stealth title developed by Klie Entertainment as a Microsoft exclusive for PC and the Xbox 360. You take on the role of an unnamed ninja who has awoken with strange markings all over his body in the midst of an attack on his base by a group of armed soldiers. The tattoos give the ninja supernatural powers that can be used to your advantage throughout the campaign, as you attempt to take revenge on the soldiers that harmed your fellow ninjas. Mark of the Ninja is a 100% pure stealth game that boasts a unique art style and some clever level design that makes it one of the most impressive stealth based releases in recent memory.As mentioned before, don’t expect Mark of the Ninja to allow you to defend yourself if you fail at sneaking past soldiers, as this game has a solid focus on stealth. It does give you the option to fight back against your enemies if you are caught, however nine times out of ten you will most likely come out the loser.Moving around the environments was great fun. While a 2D side scroller at its core, Mark of the Ninja allows backtracking and climbing of the environments’ walls which gives a lot of freedom in deciding how you could make your way past enemies. It was extremely satisfying when I eventually pulled off the perfect getaway, and the frequent checkpoints that occurred prevented me from being frustrated. I wish I could say the same about the controls however. On a few occasions they’re a little awkward, especially on PC in situations when the game requires you to click a button and swipe the mouse at the same time to perform an action.Mark of the Ninja goes for the classic Cartoon Network approach in its appearance. The brightly coloured sprites with dark lines around their main features reminded me of shows I watched when I was a child like Samurai Jack and other similar cartoons. It’s all very well animated too, the cut scenes in-between levels are particularly well done and full of character.The ninja you play as doesn’t speak, but the rest of the characters do. The dialogue is your typical ninja affair, with the words “power” and “consequences” being used like they’re going out of style, but it’s solid and when combined with the art design you really start to care about the other characters in the game. The ambient noises that you hear throughout the game are really well thought out as well.The further you are away from an enemy the more muffled their voice is, and the change in your footsteps depending on what location you’re in has a great emphasis on it, which keeps you guessing if you’re taking the best stealth approach or if there’s a quieter way around. Mark of the Ninja is a refreshing approach to the stealth genre, which has seen its fair share of mediocre hybrids of stealth and action over the years.it’s an extremely enjoyable experience that warrants a second play through in order to discover all the possibilities."
,Recommended,214560,32548430,Posted: 18 June,all,Carnival.Corpse,An indie game that puts countless stealth based AAA games to shame.It's a stealth masterpiece.Story is meh but who cares about it when the gameplay is this majestic & fulfilling?!
,Recommended,214560,23705813,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,(Strai),"★★★★★10/10 Ninja Stealth Game.  The only thing that could make this game better, would be a map maker, so that I could hop back in every day for a new and unique community created challenge.+ Ninjas+ Sneaky executions+ Upgrades/Progression+ Artistically intuitive gameplay+ Freeze time to target gadgets+ 8+ hours long and only $15 XBLA+ Multiple ways to approach challenges+ Bonus objectives for being extra sneaky+ Animated cutscenes and good voice acting+ Sleek mobility, grapling hooks, wall walking+ Plays well with keyboard/mouse or controller+ Every established stealth mechanic is perfectly represented here, including MGS box+- Alernate costumes, though they impact gameplay"
,Recommended,214560,25168990,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Klawd,"One of those games that are just perfect. I think during the conception and development of this videogame some kind of prophetical planet alignment happened, or something like that.A must play for every gamer."
,Recommended,214560,31618521,Posted: 7 May,all,ralph1017,"Gameplay is fun, challenging, and allows you to tailor-fit how you approach a certain situation. The controls are superb and responds really well which is critical to games of this genre. Story is so-so, not that bad, but could have been better. Music is just your regular atmospheric ones that are put in there to set the mood. Graphics is great as the studio sticked to what they are good at which is handdrawn 2d models. It's a 3/5 in my book as I highly recommend this to fans of stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,18191079,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ReDiR,"Who would believe that 2D stealth game can be so fun? Mark of the Ninja does it perfectly in the genre full of action-stealth games. Firstly, the story in the game is presented with average focus. Still, story about traditions, rituals of ninja clans and treasons all that integrate into a main plot and finish nicely.However, the gameplay is the ""King"". Stealth is the main element here, and considering the 2D view from the side, its very convenient to inspect every enemy, object around you or just plan your moves. Before starting a level the game lets to choose from many ninja playstyles - ""paths"", which allows to use the huge variety of ninja gadgets like traps or various distractions. Another interesting detail is that stealth kills require not only a press of the button, but also additional swipe of the analog stick at the same time. Actually sometimes its a problem, as this element at times fails to work and guards around spot you. Also, every stealth kill, hidden body and succesful distraction gives points and combined with nicely designed challenge rooms, creative secondary objectives add so much fun and challenge to this game.The atmosphere and graphics are dark, as you can expect from stealth game featuring ninjas. Animations of ninja movements are very smooth with nice looking stealth kills. What I really liked is that kills are showed in slow motion, and always looks entertaining.Sound, music is extraordinary and blends into the game very well. Voice acting is like from a good AAA game.As of length, it takes more than 10 hours to beat and there are a new game plus, additional dlc level.Only bigger problem is that the game freezes often, at least on my new video card.Overall, Mark of the Ninja will suprise anyone with smart level design and plenty of ways to complete levels. It's an essential game even if you hate stealth or 2D games. And, seriously ""Klei"", where is the sequel???9.5/10"
76561198026705042,Recommended,214560,22979060,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,𝓝𝓪𝓪𝓻𝓲𝓼,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=681394865It's really a very well done stealth game. Really... far better than the last Thief -.-""The options to finish the level, the tools you can use, the different equipments you will have mid/end game are enough for anyone to choose stealth/ghost, stealth/assassin, stealth/killer playing way. And no, there's no way without the ""stealth"", you are a ninja!!* Story: Good enough to keep you thinking about... that there's something you ignore.* Music: No... it's not his strong side but fits it.* Gameplay: Ok, I'm playing with gamepad but i think that with keyboard will be possible to do it but... I recommend gamepad. About ingame, you have tools to break lights, smoke bombs, traps, bugs, firecrackers... you can shadowkill from near each side of the screen: doors, roof, post, trap doors...* Stealth sense: What's this? It's the way the programmers understand the stealth. 01-10 I give them ""8"". They care about lights, sounds, bodies, they have dogs that search you smelling...So, If you are still thinking to buy it is because you have another game to play because if you are searching a 2D/platform/stealth game, you have found it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=678126308"
,Recommended,214560,29407660,Posted: 21 January,all,(O)RE,Superb animationsSmooth movementAccurate gampelayFull voice actingGreat background musicChallenging achievementsInteresting commentary from the developersMainstream storyWorth the buy.
76561198065854361,Recommended,214560,12719971,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Trainasaurus Wrecks [DBB],"I highly recommend this game.  Like HIGHLY.  If you're into stealth this is a must have for your collection.  The storyline was enjoyable, the controls are tight, the dilemmas are tangible, the gameplay makes sense.  I thouroughly enjoyed playing every level in this game more than one (sometimes two, three...six) times.  This is a polished 2d stealth executed better than pretty much every stealth game I've played.  My kudos to the executives who also left some very interesting ""making of the game"" comments in the dlc (also worth purchasing).  Really impressed.  Can't even think of anything ridiculous to say."
,Recommended,214560,8356548,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TesseracT,"If you enjoy the meta game of counter strike this is the side scroller for you.The controls feel very crips, the game play is fun and interesting, really having fun playing this game.10 / 10"
,Recommended,214560,9658530,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DroP,"Mark of the Ninja is simply a fantastic game, has solids mechanics, great gameplay and an immersive storyline. One of the best stealth games I've ever played.The gameplay is excellent, considering the fact that being a plataform game, they couldn't have done better to implement the conditions of interactions with scenery and enemies, the game can be challenging regardless of the way you look to play. How enemies react to disturbances in the environment is a sample of how the AI is solid. There are some puzzles and challenges that help maintain a satisfactory pace from beginning to end, without boring the player. The art work is another highlight as well as animations and sounds, the game is perfect in creating an atmosphere for the player to feel immersed.The plot follows the technical aspects, is solid and well-written, there are twists and an ending that can make you think and reflect on the events throughout the game.Playing with the DLC, there are comments from the devs and it was a nice and unusual experience, you learn about how the game was built and you can feel the amount of work and dedication that it takes to make a good title like this get to us. I highly recommend it! It's a unique game.A personal note, the cutscenes animations and the atmosfere of the game remind me of a cartoon I used to watch and really liked when younger, Samurai Jack.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,19144547,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Scroobz of Lampius,"A fantastic 2D stealth-action game with great mechanics and a fair amount of freedom with each level, packed with a small story that you'll dismiss as non-important and cheesy until you reach the end where you are offered a choice that will leave you thinking for a few minutes and afterwards will make you appreciate the story greatly.Perhaps most importantly - the game managed to make me feel like a Ninja."
76561198013848200,Recommended,214560,32240616,Posted: 7 June,all,jack_of_tears,"Probably the best game I've played in the 2D stealth genre; similar to ""Assasin's Creed Chronicles: China"", this game is supperior in design and very rewarding to play.  From the other reviews I've read, however, it seems important that you use a gamepad for best playability - though I'm usually a keyboard and mouse gamer, I went with the pad myself, this time, and found the controls very simple and easy to use quickly in the midst of a scene.  Currently the game is going for a remarkably low price and if you enjoy stealth assassin games, I cannot recommend this enough."
,Recommended,214560,15137157,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Negan,Mark of the Ninja is a great 2-D stealth game that has:-a great storyline.-visually great graphics-wonderful replay abilityAll achievements are attainable I recommend this game for the casual fan.9/10!
,Recommended,214560,23533687,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Llesor,"One of the best stealth games ever made, and probably THE best 2D-sidecroller one at that.It excels in every aspect; the gameplay is fluid, accessible and rewarding to master. You rarely feel it's the game's fault when you die or get seen. The tutorial is great, and seamlessly integrates with your playing experience. You unlock diferent skills and items both naturally and according to your performance (getting higher scores and completing challenges allow you to upgrade your skills and items).Mechanics are expertly integrated with the amazing level design. There's always more than one way to approach a situation, and the game rewards you for thinking ahead. Optional objectives are also present; scrolls and artifacts that give you bonus points and challenge rooms are scattered across the levels.The story is solid. It might seem somewhat cliché or shallow at first, but the excelent presentation and narrative makes you forget it. Later into the game, a couple of twists really elevates the story's quality. Voice acting is spot on, especially for the main characters.Aside from the gameplay, visually is probably where this game really shines. Beautiful scenarios, well animated characters, a pleasant and functional UI... this game has it all. All of it with an art style that blends perfectly with the genre.Lastly, audio. The soundtrack is great, and adds to the modern Japan theme. The transitions from being tense and somewhat silent to the high paced tracks that kicks in when you're discovered are perfect. Sound effects are just what they need to be: precise and discreet.All in all, this is a nearly perfect game, if you believe in such things. I could not recommend this game more."
76561198047155875,Recommended,214560,23446206,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,karl.blume,"Main selling point:If you are a little bit better att puzzles than top reflexes platforming, this is probably a game for you. The level of the puzzles was never too high, and I was always able to execute my solution in a reasonable amount of tries. I never got frustrated and I never felt that the game was too easy either."
,Recommended,214560,32585852,Posted: 20 June,all,webb.exe,"Commonly find platformers boring, however this was really great from start to finish. Fun mechanics, fluid gameplay, entertaining story."
76561198007480127,Recommended,214560,23036341,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Adhan,"Mark of the Ninja is an exceptional stealth game with tight controls, well thought level design allowing many different approaches to gameplay and slick visual style with some intuitive ""help"" cues. This is undoubtledy a new peak of its genre, a game that all contemporary stealth games should take notes from."
76561198274912665,Recommended,214560,34071892,Posted: 6 August,all,Xalanoth,"Mark of the Ninja is an absolutely amazing stealth game. The art style and gameplay are all top notch. Yes, it's 2D, but it's not linear as you can often choose which angle to attack from and bypass obstacles and enemies entirely. One of the best games of it's genre.10/10"
76561197969749884,Recommended,214560,34857726,Posted: 10 September,all,Sarkoth,"Mark of the Ninja is probably the hands down best stealth indie title ever developed. Animations are fluid, the art design hits home, the soundtrack is extremely fitting, the game has an amazing flow, all game mechanics are brilliantly thought of as well as intuitive and every single obstacle allows for several ways of approach, some of which aren't planned design-wise but completely valid due to the interwovenness of gameplay mechanics.It is possible to go on a murder spree or to play the whole game with zero casualties except two story progression deaths.There's a reason why this game has managed to retain overwhelmingly positive reviews for a run of 5 years and probably will still remain the go-to-benchmark for the entire platformer stealth genre for years to come: It is simply brilliant.Nuff said."
,Recommended,214560,9787035,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,K.!.L.L.3.R.,"One of those rare Single-player games which will actually force you to play the entire game again with 0 kills in the 2nd shot.It has a good variety of weapons and depending on your style you can play in a variety of ways.The controls are very simple and work perfectly, you'll instantly be able to get into the game and the challenge comes from thinking about how you're going to get past, or kill, the enemies without being detected (as you'd expect from a stealth game).The overall art is sleek.Pros-Good Stealth Mode-Nice art-Every other thing is <3Cons-None"
,Recommended,214560,16592129,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DedotadedWam,"""Mark of the Ninja surprises with its tremendously good gameplay, but lacks of story and character depth and leaves you behind with unanswered questions.""TL;DR:Story sucks, but it's totally worth it.Note: This review is only about the main game. I did not play any DLC thus far.Graphic 9/10Absolutely beautiful. Though it is personal preference if you like the comicbook style Mark of Ninja comes along, you can't deny that it looks stunning. Animations are fluent, and killing scenes are well put together. It fits the theme and I really love that art style. Only thing I didn't like is the fact that you don't get any options at all to change anything. Only resolutions and some small little things. But  therefore it should run on any pc.Sound 7/10Overall it gets its job done. Chases are covered by tempting music and there's no point where it gets annoying. Some tracks are really awesome. Could have been a little more music after all, but it was okay. Have to admit here that I'm not a big fan of eastern music. Voice-acting was suitable, but there isn't that much talking anyways.Story: 4/10You see, where the dog is buried. It absolutely has no story. And what is presented to you is a pure shame. There is so much potential but none of it was used. Instead you get this forced filler, which doesn't explain anything. You get no backstory of your character or any protagonist / antagonist. And on top of it all: The ending. Very poor. I call it ""Mass Effect 3 Syndrome"". In the end it doesn't matter which ending you choose since it only changes one cutscene. Lots of potential wasted here. The game could have gotten even better if it had a well told story. Or at least any story that isn't cliché-filled.Gameplay: 10/10Do you like stealth games? Do you like challenging games? Then here you have it. MOT has it all. As a true fan of stealthing games I now have found my new favourite one. It's even better than Dishonored. You have so many options to go through one stage. May it be thorugh the shafts or through underground tunnels. The choice is yours. You get a few options to get pass enemies by blinding them, killing them with little insects (yup. You heard it right.) and so on. And it is so much fun! I always reloaded after I screwed up to get the perfect way through the level. Even if that took me half an hour for just one stage. I couldn't resist. And you won't either. I don't want to spoil too much of how you get through the levels or what you can do, since that's part of the fun to figure it all out yourself.Difficulty: 7/10It wasn't that hard, but it was challenging. Especially those small riddles you get, where you're teleported in another room and figure out which lever is the right one and how you freaking get there in the first place. Lots of fun there. Featuring New Game Plus you have the option to play through it once more if you felt it was too easy. I myself was pleased and sometimes I even raged. Gonna be honest here: I skipped one riddle since it frustrated me so much that I was too dumb to find the solution. Good luck for you! ;)Notable:- I haven't come along one single bug.- Lack of options- Runs smoothly- I completed it in roughly 8 hours which is quite okay for such games. If the story would have been better I'd crave for more, but since it has none it would have gotten repetetive quite fast, so 8 hours is a good deal.- You'll get it on Sale for 3 bucks.- It has New Game Plus, which is even harder since it takes away your advantages of your hud that shows you how much noise you're doing.Conclusion:Buy it if you love stealth games. If you're looking more for a story-based game you'll be quite disappointed.Thanks for reading, if there are any questions leave a comment below."
,Recommended,214560,28380588,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,preacher,"Probably the best 2D stealth-oriented 2D platformer i have ever played. It was so refreshing that i finally could get my hand on a real stealth game. After the first games of Splinter Cell the stealth-world was really thin in my opinion.ProYou decide your playstyle - Kill everyone, Kill almost no one, mixed it - it's up to the playerImmersive plot and charactersUnlockables - You can upgrade your kill moves, distraction items or unlock new movement abilitiesDifferent clothes to choose from - different perks that fit your style of playLine of sight mechanic - enemies which would be invisible to the character are also invisible to the playerMultiple ways to reach the goal of the levelAmazing sound, graphic, cut scenes and cinematics - lovely ""Saturday morning cartoon"" qualityContraSometimes frustrating controls, but very rarePuzzles and challenge rooms are too easy"
,Recommended,214560,30690532,Posted: 23 March,all,DOM,"Mark of the ninja is a awesome  2d stealth game. Despite the majority of ""stealth "" games like hitman , deus ex and metal gear solid in which if you are spotted you just  simply murder everyone in mark of the ninja the player must be very carefull and calculate their movements cause if you are spotted you cant simply murder everyone . Also the AI works so good that they will keep searching for you even after they have lost you.It is worth mentioning also that the player can play tha game in every way he thinks, for example murder everyone or try to be a true stealth player and kill 0!The game has a beautiful art style and in some places the people who have worked on the game share their thoughts about their work with the player which i found a great part of the game.I highly reccomend the game at full price and of course if it is on sale it is a must buy game ."
,Recommended,214560,14781834,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sigrif Joestar,"The game that I decided to complite to an IdealHow many games do you know that you areattractedwith such force that you wont be able simply to take and put it in""Far away? This piece of art of the game you fill your gamelist.Starting, you dont stop at murderPlaying in the Mark of the Ninja for the first time, I killed people at the right and left. Passing through over and over again, I chose the more elaborate costumes. Not even for achievements, but in order to feel like a ninja. Silent, mobile - a real ninja, which makes its waythroughthe enemies, who are not even aware of it. You know, I did.The atmosphere, the main and the most ideal oneWell, a masterpiece. That's what I repeated and repeated after each passage. So Ideal portray dark and bloody journey of our hero..I thought thats impossible. Oh! Weapons. I, as well as about everything else, cant say anything except that he was not simply (All you need ninja), and to use it you provided all the conditions (shelters, benches, ""IL KILL THEM ALL ""). Pondering what to write more, I remembered all that I could, I cant write and send it as felt.Another reason to buy, and to play this beauty (;I will write at last just what Mark of the Ninja - perfect game. You will never regret buying it and passed dozens of times. Even if you shut off the light-Internet-EVERYTHING, and you come back to it through the years, through the centuries, - hours with ninja will bring you great pleasure10 \ 10p.s. Go a leap of faith c:pss.I nominated this game in Autumn sale 2016, because she damn beautiful ... Love forever"
,Recommended,214560,20724469,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,beaker,"A superb stealth platformer. New game elements and unlocks are introduced at a good pace as levels get more complicated to traverse. The difficulty was spot on, making you feel skilled when you pull off a great stealth kill. Really though the game sets you up for success giving you abundent tools to approach problems in a few different ways so you never get stuck."
,Recommended,214560,12006108,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Nyc2x,"Nothing short of a stealth masterpiece, Mark of the Ninja highlights everything I love about the genre.Game : 9.5/10Graphic : 9.5/10100% Achievement :Easy |Medium| Hard | Very Hard"
76561198027999270,Recommended,214560,11959421,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Eifersucht18,"The Path of Silence‘Mark of the Ninja’ is a superb, atmospheric, Stealth / Strategy 2-D Platformer which harkens back to classics of the genre such as Hitman, Metal Gear Solid and Splinter Cell.Campaign:Developed by Klei Entertainment (the folks who brought us ‘Shank’) and released in 2012, the game puts you in the role of a young Ninjitsu of the Hisomi Clan charged with striking back after a series of ruthless attacks on the Clan’s Dojo. Each Level takes you across a fictional Japanese city featuring both indoor and outdoor elements, artfully constructed with beautifully rendered backdrops and atmospheric sound. Levels are built like large puzzles, bathed in bright disarming light or cloaked in shadow, and the player is faced with navigating a path filled with patrolling guards, watch dogs, alarm systems, sensors and traps at every turn.Gameplay Mechanics | Graphics | Sound:To aid in your quest, you can unlock and equip your Ninja with an ever expanding arsenal of Weapons (from Bamboo Darts, Smoke Bombs, Spike Mines etc) to a variety of Takedown / Finishing moves, Outfits, and Armor options. The game generally allows for a number of ways to tackle each situation - slipping by completely un-noticed or taking everyone out – building in some replayability to the title as well. Graphics are polished, (K&M) controls are intuitive and slick, and the game’s frequent checkpoint system ensures frustration is kept to a minimum. The game is not without its flaws however – perhaps an inherent flaw with a 2D Platformer is that some levels can tend to get a tad repetitive, and you will occasionally come across the odd trap or room which can be frustratingly impassable.That said, ‘Mark of the Ninja’ is a fun, tip-toeing, blade-slashing, somersaulting side-scroller which ultimately succeeds in making the player feel like a real Ninja (powerful, yet vulnerable at the same time), has good replayability and pays homage to the great stealth titles of the past. On sale (at $2.99), the overall package is a steal and Recommended! - Rated (8/10)Want More Recommendations?Make sure to click the 'Follow' button on our Curator Page (Link Attached) to get the latest reviews updated directly onto your Activity Feed. Link:'Game Syndicate - Curator Page'"
,Recommended,214560,11773503,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Howar31,Mark of the Ninja is an awesome stealth-puzzle-platformer game.  Use the special technique and stealth movement to get pass through all the traps and enemies and find the truth.  Great graphic and music with nice story and cool movement.+Awesome stealth techniques and ways to win+Nice graphic and music create nice atmosphere+Comic style graphic+Tense story about ninja+Full controller support and fluent input settingsYou can choose how to make through the situation at most of the time.  Stay stealth or go loud is all your choices.  This is really a nice platformer.Mark of the Ninja 是一個很讚的潛行解謎2D平台遊戲，利用忍者的特殊技能與匿蹤行動，穿越陷阱打敗敵人找尋故事的真相，遊戲有很棒的美式漫畫風格與音樂，還有很棒的故事與流暢的操作。+酷炫的潛行技巧與獲勝方式+精美畫質與音樂營造很棒的氣氛+美式漫畫風格+緊湊的忍者故事+全搖桿支援，流暢的操作設定大部分的場景都可以選擇要潛行還是硬幹，一切都看你想怎麼做，是一款很不錯的平台遊戲。
,Recommended,214560,3876511,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Aussiedroid,"It's rare to come across such a balanced & polished game thats just so much fun to play! You have a great array of weapons, kills, tricks & distractions to help you though that open up as you progress, seemlessly increasing the difficulty as you continue your journey.Controls are intuitive & the lighting/darkness/shadow effects used adds not only to the atmosphere but also impacts the tactics you deploy. I had so much fun with this I played it all the way through & now doing on the harder Game Plus mode!Everything about this game is oozes Quality .. a real throwback to the golden age of gaming!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,214560,20544458,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,JXNV$,"It's not a game, it's an artwork"
76561197984478327,Recommended,214560,15141409,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Skeptic Gamer,Best stealth game I have ever played. If this had co-op I would pee unicorns.
,Recommended,214560,34409212,Posted: 21 August,all,Keltoris™,"I thought it was a lazy game and I literally felt the same for the first 15 mins gameplay but to my senses I was totally wrong. Unique gameplay and nice storyline makes it interesting. Special quests/ levels inside the story mode are very challenging and addictive. My hunger towards achieving all quests without failing shows that how addicted I am to this game!Even without any new moves or power ups or cinematic story view, I would definitely recommend this game. Voice over and BGM are too good!"
,Recommended,214560,23202793,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Khorps,you can make your own horror film by dropping dead bodies in front of guards 10/10
,Recommended,214560,8209738,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mart Kedisi,"It seems a little short game, but I like to play it over and over again."
,Recommended,214560,19128412,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Mr L1ghtn1ng,"A Stealth Masterpieace !!!!Best Side Scroller played ever.......A rewarding gameplay and clever stealth mechanics make Mark of the Ninja an experience to remember...Pros+ Pick Ur Style...+ Well-designed levels with increasing difficulty..+ Awesome Story-based Cinematics..+ Excellent controls and a wide range of abilities+ Challenge Rooms are rewarding too+ Gorgeous animation and overall presentation+ No raging around , plenty of checkpoints..if u screw up,..+ NewGame+ is d real deal...Cons- Far-Sight was disappointingTotally Recommended got dis for 80% offBest 2$ spent...."
,Recommended,214560,26652949,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,One Winged Thanatos,"Awesome little game, the best 2D stealth plataformer I´ve ever played, probably the only good one but that´s beside the point. If you like stealth games and want a nice little game that does it well in 2D or if you like 2D plataformers and ninjas then this game may be for you.Recommendations:-I played the whole game with keyboard and mouse, so it´s doable but I don´t recommend it, use a controller if you can.-Do a pacifist run, if you want to get used to the controls and mechanics first then do it on your second playtrhough but do it, the game is very well designed to be played like that."
,Recommended,214560,33764092,Posted: 24 July,all,K_is_king,Naruto is a lie. Ninjas don't turn into logs.But they are able to have an incredible 2D stealth game based around them.
,Recommended,214560,11550284,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Photosynthesis,"Mark of The Ninja is a yet another great 2D platformer from one of my favorite Indie developers Klei Entertainment (they also made Shank, Shank 2 and Don't Starve - all great games). What the game might be lacking in story, it compensates in splendid stealthy gameplay mechanics, distinctive artstyle, well-designed levels and the smoothness of controls. The keyboard and mouse controls work perfectly fluid and responsive, which allows you to execute silent takedowns with surgical precision. Thanks to the ""New Game Plus"" mode, unlocked upon finishing the game on standard difficulty, you get a chance to really test your martial skills in a new level of challenge. Getting achievements and getting scores as high as possible is very satisfying and ensures nice replay value. If you're looking for a quality 2D platformer or just are fond of ninjas and a stealthy approach - get this game without hesitation. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,214560,8106452,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Titan,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played, indeed. Freedom of movement and possibilities for action make gameplay extremely smooth and give room for skilled players to really play like ninjas."
,Recommended,214560,2725602,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,BECTH1K,"2D stealth action от студии Klei, той же студии что подарила нам Shank.Но, это игра на порядок выше Shank. Играя в роли ниндзи-чемпиона мы должны отстоять честь нашего клана.+ : Разные стили прохождения: скрытно убивая всех на своем пути, полная скрытность - разве кто-то из жалких смертных способен уловить присутствие ниндзи, ну или же просто устроить небольшую войнушку. 6 различных костюмов, каждый со своими примочками. Много различных инструментов позволяющих вести скрытую и не очень битву (кунаи, отравленные дротики, жуки, и даже картонная коробка).- : Всего 12 миссий, хотелось бы больше. Финальные ролики достаточно короткие в сравнении с другими игровыми роликами. Лично для себя минусов больше не отметил.Очень красивая концовка. Хорошая атмосфера игры, звуковое сопровождение.Итог - однозначно достойная игра, полностью оправдывает свой рейтинг 91 из 100."
76561198035054806,Recommended,214560,8667212,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,sara_bear,Once you get a hang of the controls this game is a great stealth platformer.
76561198102286077,Recommended,214560,23289459,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Harvey Fresh,"Developer: Klei EntertainmentPublisher: Microsoft StudiosMark of the Ninja is so brilliantly designed that, fittingly, its quiet revolution could almost go unnoticed. It’s a side-scrolling stealth game that allows for lethal, non-lethal and unseen approaches to its levels, and while the seamless nature of control, information and interface seem like they might have been refined for a generation or more, the game seems to have crept into the world fully-formed. Some of the ideas, such as the visible audio cues and lines of sight, have precedent in other stealth games, notably Metal Gear Solid, but Klei have reinvented or elaborated on every inspiration.The game’s world throws high tech private military corporations and ninja dojos together – shadows, shuriken, explosives and laser tripwires. That allows for some tricky design but the game is rarely punishing, usually providing escape routes as well as weapons and tools that can put guards out of action. Visually, it’s a masterpiece. The slick cartoon graphics are only part of the reason though; the game’s main strength is its use of every aspect of visual feedback to inform the player. It gives you all the information you’ll ever need, tidily and attractively, and trusts you to play and experiment with that information as you see fit. If that involves unleashing a plague of flesh-eating bugs to dispose of a corpse, so be it.Notes: Lead designer Nels Anderson is now working on the intriguing Firewatch at Campo Santo.Where can I buy it: Steam.What else should I be playing if I like this: Deadlight has a different visual approach, and zombies rather than ninja, but it’s another gorgeous and unusual side-scrolling game. Not as impressive as Mark of the Ninja but worth a look. Anything else by Klei is worth your time and money as well."
76561198105310157,Recommended,214560,13082393,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Cyb3r Ninja,Mark of the Ninja is one of the few 2d games and indie games i enjoyed and unlike most games the stealth aspect is vital to your sucess i rate this game 8/10
,Recommended,214560,33074766,Posted: 1 July,all,KelpTheGreat,"One of the best stealth games ever.One of the best 2D stealth games ever.One of the best 2D stealth games featuring a ninja ever.One of the best 2D stealth games featuring a ninja in modern times, fighting against armed mercenaries ever.Definitely the best 2D stealth game featuring a ninja with magical tattoos, set in modern times, fighting against armed mercenaries, with gorgeous hand-drawn visuals, an intriguing plot, and an ending that makes you re-examine the entire rest of the game, of all time."
,Recommended,214560,8908128,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,DesperagoN,"this game is pure art! The replayability is super high and you will enjoy every minute of this game..!! It is quite long and you will ever get bored,  also the developers comentary in during the game was a nice touch that helped me to get deeper in the story and tthe game itself! Thank you for the oppurtunity to try this amazing game!!"
,Recommended,214560,9294506,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Jazhole,"Without question one of my favourite stealth games in recent years. Sizeable levels leave room for varied approaches, and trying to complete missions without a soul suspecting you were there is a welcome optional challenge. My only real criticism is the occasional confusion of having several context-sensitive actions bound to a single button, leading to a few cheap deaths. But anybody after satisfying stealth can't go far wrong here. Easily at least as good as Gunpoint, another recent stealth success."
76561198031092175,Recommended,214560,8603951,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Supersolenoid,"One drunken night, Thief, Tenchu and the stealthier side of Batman Arkham, went into a hotel room. It was one of those themed Japanese hotels. The theme was '2D'. I cannot, for legal reasons, divulge in any great detail the ensuing erotica that followed. Needless to say, it was pretty hot.Either way, 9 months later, Mark of the Ninja was born. It inherited all the best traits of its mixed parentage: Thief's sense of cunning; Tenchu's swift, bloodthirsty vengeance; and Batman's tool-fueled passion for takedowns.But it was in 2D. Glorious, beautfiully animated , 2D. And it was quite possibly the best stealth game of the last ten years. Flawless.And all was right with the world."
,Recommended,214560,25445290,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Pancake,So you wanna be a ninja?  Play this sick game. Pretty good 2D stealth action.
,Recommended,214560,20792840,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,wizcreations,"I can't really think of anything this game does wrong.  Mark of the Ninja is a very enjoyable stealth platformer that incorporates pretty much everything I'd want from a stealth game.  Levels are varied enough that you don't feel like you're doing the same thing over and over, and, unlike many other games in this genre, this game doesn't force you to progress through each level at an unbearably slow pace as you wait for the exact moment to move forward.You can ""see"" where enemies are both by sight and sound (their footsteps appear if they're walking).  Various actions will cause loud sounds and nearby enemies will react.  You can run so that your footsteps draw attention, or you can throw daggers at lights, walls, bells, gongs, and even enemies in order to draw attention.  Sounds are indicated by a blue circle that shows how far the sound travels. (Sound circles go away in New Game Plus if you want the extra challenge.)Levels reward you for achieving perfect stealth kills or for not killing anyone at all.  You need to be careful if going for no kills, though, because if an enemy accidentally walks into a trap and dies, you get credit for the kill, even if you did nothing to attract the enemy to that location.  Each level also has artifacts to discover that boost your score and scrolls that both boost your score and further elaborate the story.I particularly enjoyed the challenge levels, though I admit they do have a bit more trial and error than I would like to see.  Some of the later levels also require speed and precision in movements, which I find difficult to perform with mouse and keyboard.The special edition includes Dosan's Tale, a fun and challenging level that occurs chronologically prior to the events of the game and explains a bit more about the tattoo ink.  The special edition also includes developer commentary spread throughout the game which can be turned off if you don't care to see it."
76561198074373091,Recommended,214560,24758019,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Maddox13,"Here are, in my opinion, the scores for this game:Gameplay ------ 8/10Story------------ 8/10Graphics -------- 7/10Sound/Music----- 8/10Overall rating ----------- 7,75When to buy:  on sale 75% offConclusion:  A surprisingly good 10 hours 2D stealth-action game with great art-style and unique levels which can be solved in different ways. As usual, in stealth games, I always try to complete the game without being detected or rising any alarm which leads to higher satisfaction. Recommend to all who like stealth or platform games."
,Recommended,214560,12646740,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Alluvian,This is one of my favorite sidescrollers as well as one of my favorite stealth games.  I had no idea stealth could be done this well in a sideview. I HIGHLY recommend this to anyone who loves stealth games.
76561198027401190,Recommended,214560,8472516,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Icyrhythms,Klie's best work yet. This stealth game has better gameplay mechanics than most AAA games in the same genre. I love the art too so I could also say it looks better too. Buy it if you love stealth games. It's well worth it at any price.
76561198040899835,Recommended,214560,28394722,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Bilalk85,"A true Ninja game! If you love stealth and ninjas, this is a must play, awesome game! :D"
,Recommended,214560,33484153,Posted: 12 July,all,Leckatall,Loved:the plotthe mechanicseverything!disliked:nothing!
76561198284794462,Recommended,214560,33161932,Posted: 2 July,all,kivii,"I love everything this game offers - stealth, story, music, art, weapons, choices and achievements. Absolutely must have for all, who takes ""hiding body"" seriously."
76561198024997163,Recommended,214560,10826946,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Redjak,"This game is perfect. The soundtrack is amazing, the story is suspenseful, and the artwork is not only spectacular, but also very unique/original. I enjoyed every moment of this game for all the reasons above, but I also fell in love with the freedom given to the player in terms of the methods one uses for completing a level. All the tools that are available in the game allow the player to progress through the levels in the way they desire. I really hope there is a sequel or a new game because this is definitely a style that I crave more of."
,Recommended,214560,16393548,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BobbyOahu,"Get yer stealth-murder on.MARK OF THE NINJA is a 2D side-scroller stealth game, with gobs of replayability.Premise:  you're a ninja.  Specifically, a ninja with magical insanity-inducing tattoos.  You sneak through levels on behalf of your clan, dispatching enemies quietly- or noisily - or just letting them live.  Up to you, really.The real fun of this game is how many different ways you can play it.  With each level, you can equip different tools (for attack or distraction), and a different costume.  The costumes and equipment unlock as you progress.  Each costume and item has strengths and weaknesses, and each will change how you play.  The Nightmare mask, for example (my current favorite) is built on terrorizing your enemies into murdering each other.Heh heh heh.If that's not your cuppa tea, that's okay.  There are six (seven, if you got the DLC) costumes to choose from.The achievements are very well done - they're challenging, but not impossible.  Two playthroughs can get you all of them, though you may be tempted to keep going even after getting 100%Highly recommended."
76561197975607244,Recommended,214560,19172625,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Nomad,"This is an amazing game, the level design genuinely encourages you to go full stealth and rewards thinking outside the box to get through the level. Levels have multiple pathways and depending on what equipment you take in you can change up the style on each play-through.I personally love the art design and you get a feel for your character even though he has zero dialogue. The music and sound effects are excellent.Searching for a negative, the only ones I can think of is the game is fairly easy if you are used to this genre and have skillZ. This also makes the game fairly short if you intend to only play through once and aren't achievement/objective hunting. You will not be able to unlock all the ""wonderful toys"", gadgets, etc. on one play through.I highly recommend this game if you like stealth, Ninjas and have OCD on getting the perfect kill every time you will love this game."
,Recommended,214560,11009974,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Nixxen,"TL;DR- Mark of the Ninja is an excellent stealth based 2D platformer.The points, both good and bad:The story is ""OK"", but not much more. It has it's twists and turns as you'd expect from any story, and is enjoyable to follow.I found the artstyle tastefull. You can probably see if you like it or not by looking at the pictures in the store page.The mechanics of the game itself is where the real fun comes out in my opinion.There are several ways to complete a map, be that as an oblivious-to-pain-sword-swinging-maniac, sneaky stealth kills or even non-lethal takedowns.The maps could have been a bit more ""explorable"", but that's just the sandbox enthusiast in me grasping for straws, trying to squeeze the most out of every corner of the map.The puzzles are on the easy side of the scale, but then again, they are not the main focus of the game and are mostly used as a gateway to ""secret"" areas or point-loot.The controls as snappy and feel nice.There were occasions where I grapple-hooked the wrong ledge, but that is down to my own incompetence rather than the games controls.On my ""non-lethal"" playthrough certain areas felt a bit too unforgiving, but I guess that is a part of the ""non-lethal"" challenge. You are an elite ninja killer after all.Upon completion of the game I wanted more, and that says something since the game actually is decently long.If you are still reading this I will not keep you any longer.The bottom line is:This game isgreat. I had a great experience playing it, andI would warmly recommend itto anyone interested in 2D platformers with stealth elements - even though there are not many games in that genere.If you were on the fence about this one I hope this review helped you decide :)"
,Recommended,214560,3868585,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,Nikenemesis✨,"There are many stealth games, then there is Mark of the Ninja. This is the golden standard of stealth gaming. It seamlessly integrates its concept with a surprising amount of game styles which increase the replayability onto a 2D plane, creating an incredibly absorbing and tactical experience. All this for a great price. 9/10"
,Recommended,214560,13575317,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Tippis,"One of, if notthebest stealth game in recent history. It provides all the information required without becoming blatant or easy, and removes the tedium of having to watch long pathing sequences or re-doing long sections due to silly mistakes. At the same time, it offers a myriad of different solutions to any given problem and never uses unfair design to create fake difficulty.Similarly, its upgrade and customisation system, while not particularly deep, offers further variety and options to be explored and exploited. Add in NG+ and the extra options provided by the Special Editions and the replayability is surprisingly large.The visuals are clear and simple without becoming simplistic or (overly) cartoony, with proper feedback and warnings on all actions and hazards. The audio similarly provides accurate and crucial feedback on what's going on outside your field of view (especially in NG+ where that field is restricted)."
,Recommended,214560,10847500,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,L u k E,NINJAS!!! 10/10
,Recommended,214560,8041993,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"Amazingly fun game. It's basically a Ninja Themed 2D MGS and well worth the money.Pros------- Really well designed levels.- Stealth is well implemented and fun.- Lots of things to unlock and find, and a new game+ for replayability.- Satisfying controls.Cons------- A bit too linear most of the time."
,Recommended,214560,17762280,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,hoimingmissile,"I played this game fresh off of Deadlight, another side-scrolling 2D platformer type game. Coincidentally they also share the trait of each being one of my favorite genres: Deadlight is set in a zombie post-apocalypse and Mark of the Ninja is a stealth sneaking game.Mark of the Ninja is a better game all around. Controls feel smooth, responsive. None of the puzzles really gave me a hard time but that was true for Deadlight as well.Speaking of stealth games: major plus points for the Metal Gear Solid reference and the Thief video game franchise references.On the other hand, major minus points for the middle-school English caliber ""haikus"". Extra minus points for being *BAD* middle-school English caliber haikus. English teachers continue to tell people that all a haiku consists of is to fit three lines together in a 5-7-5 syllabic structure, nothing more. This leads to that stupid ""refrigerator"" nonsense. Most people don't even know what a real haiku is but I'm not here to educate you about it in a review for a videogame. What's worse is that the writers for this game couldn't even do a bad job correctly. They couldn't even write three lines that fit into the 5-7-5, they instead wrote one 17 syllable line and cut it up into three separate lines of 5-7-5 to make it fit. They did a crappy job making crap. That's an achievement.Anyhoo, on to stuff you probably care about:The gameplay mechanics were excellent, especially in New Game + mode. The restricted vision really made the game feel more ""organic"" somehow. On the other hand, if you are like me and made sure to get 100% on regular mode before moving on, you'll have unlocked all the upgrades for yourself by the time you reach the New Game + mode and it takes most of the added difficulty away again.The art style reminds me of that cartoon, Samurai Jack. It's a good thing, really."
,Recommended,214560,5229373,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,Chichi,"This game is for sure one of the best this year. The story is mysterious, unexpected and just great. It also has very good physics and the new game plus makes even more sense to me. You have many ways to find your own ninja path playing with upgrades and tools. Just jump on it as soon as you can!"
,Recommended,214560,25295618,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ryiizi,"It's like Thief, Assassin's Creed, and Dishonored had a baby. Amazing game."
,Recommended,214560,23718921,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Flavvy,"Mark of the NinjaI wasn't sure about this game at first, mainly due to the design which, from the outside, seemed overly cartoon-ish for my liking. 15 minutes into the game and these concerns were a distant memory: I was now a strong believer. To this day, this is one of my favourite games—one that sticks true to a more traditional vision of ninjas as masters of the shadows. I really hope a sequel is in the works.Pros:Smooth stealth gameplay and controls, and varied abilities to suit your style;Good difficulty curve and brilliant level design;Simple but clever storyline allows for some well-placed choices (lethal/non-lethal);Timeless 2D visual style and cutscenes really nail the dark atmosphere;Minimalistic soundtrack suits the mood perfectly;Plenty of reasons to replay (e.g. hidden artifacts and challenge rooms)."
,Recommended,214560,4417493,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,VioletShadow,"My favorite stealth game since the Thiefs. I love the art and style. Very fun to play, especially scaring the guards through ingenious means. Remaining undetected throughout offers some challenges, which is awesome. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,214560,32241626,Posted: 7 June,all,Mirfel,"This game is masterpieacegrapics,story,gameplay it's just amazing!IT'S MIUST BUY also special edition is amazingBUY NOW!"
,Recommended,214560,9088907,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rythian,"Mark of the Ninja is a 2D stealth platformer, and honestly the best of its kind. You play as an unnamed Ninja (called ""Ninja"" by the developers in the commentary - I always thought it would be cool if his name was Mark) who take on a type of magic tattoo (the ""mark"") that gives you powers beyond even normal ninjas. The story starts off fairly straightforward (soldiers invade, ninjas strike back) but takes a few interesting turns as it goes on.You jump, slide, sneak, grapple-hook and crawl through vents to traverse the levels, and have to deal with a couple of different types of enemies as you do so. You can either play it non-lethal and avoid them (and get bonuses and achievements for doing so) or you can kill them in beautifully animated brutal killing moves. Ninja doesn't stand up to enemies in direct combat, so your best bet is sneaking up and stabbing them, and then hiding their body, or using it as a lure for other enemies (or using it as a grisly trophy hanging from streetlamps, terrorizing other guards).To help you with this you have a lot of different tools - your trusty katana is your main tool, but you also have extra things, everything from smoke bombs, distracting light flare and a cardboard box á la MGS, to small spike traps, terror darts and ravenous insects.The music is understated and atmospheric, but reacts to what is happening as you play, more intense for escapes/gunfights/action scenes, more tense for sneaking around, and so on. There's a particularly beautiful song for the last level.There's plenty of extra stuff to find, do, and collect during each levels, including ""challenge rooms"" and haiku scrolls. You also get points for doing different things (sneaking by undetected, distracting foes, killing with special moves, etc) and at the end of the level it all adds up, and it gives you a score, and ""honor"" that you can use to unlock more things. There's a leaderboard as well, if you want to compare yourself with your friends.All in all, it's a fantastic game. The Special Edition is well worth it, you get a substantial new level, a new ""Path"" (basically different loadout with unique features) and some new tools. I 100%'d this game, something I almost never do anymore, but for this game, I enjoyed every second of it."
76561198016296497,Recommended,214560,7751503,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Chassidim,"This game is a must-buy for everyone who loves stealth games. With a lack of challenging stealth games in the last couple of years, Mark of the Ninja is a complete breath of fresh air for the genre.Almost a decade after Thief - Deadly Shadows and the last extraordinary game in the Splinter Cell franchise - Chaos Theory - Mark of the Ninja appears as an extremely good stealth-only game.Yes, it is a 2d-Sidescroller, yes it is more or less an indie-title, but nevertheless, it is one of the best stealth-games ever made.the level design is superb, perfectly tuned to give you a challenge that can only be bested via stealth. there is no running and gunning, especially the last levels are plain unbeatable if you're up to open combat. the game forces you to rely on different stealth techniques, different, well balanced gadgets and to use the surroundings to your benefit.Every level has a unique set of traps, enemies and mechanisms. it is absolutely possible to ghost most of the levels, although there are certain parts where combat is neccessary. the character has a good chunk of abilitys and items, that give the player the opportunity to beat levels and dispose of guards in various ways. especially the takedowns are perfectly executed, with lots of different possibilitys, depending on your position and the position of your enemy.the style and artwork of the game are great. this is much like a virtual comic, with stunning lighting and an intense atmosphere. the story is well written. the plot is nothing we haven't seen before, but it is interesting and well done.there is absolutely nothing bad i can say about this game. it deserves a top 3 spot in my 10 best stealth games of all time. everyone who loves challenging stealth-games will love Mark of the Ninja. This game has a metascore of 91 and is in a range with games like Chaos Theory, Half Live 2 and Portal. So what the hell are you waiting for? Buy this game, it's only 15€, you won't regret it, i promise!"
76561198041323297,Recommended,214560,9771871,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,unrealghost,2D platform version of Dishonered.
,Recommended,214560,10079052,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Chris,"Mark of the Ninjais a 2D plattforming stealth game where you take on the role asThe Marked one, an agile and badass ninja set out to avenge and save his clan.The game got a very uniqe and beautiful art stile, really great and responsive controlles, slick animations that never gets old, a suprisingly good story with a couple of interesting characters. Every level can be can be completed in several different ways which opens up alot of freedom in how you like to play it and a some different unlockable equipment and skills to help your playstile. How you chooses to play does however not affect the story, even though it got two endings, only your score.It got quite alot of replayability with a very interesting score system that rewards you for your playstile, several of different challenges on every level and a new game plus that lets you replay the campaign being harder, but with all of your unlocks.It plays well both with a controller and mouse and keybord.And i can't really think of anything to complain about, nothing big atleast.So if you're a fan of  stealth games then i definitely recommend you'll check out this game out, becuse i sure enjoyed it alot."
76561198158395971,Recommended,214560,15493902,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,kostas21m,This game is awesome.TY KleiOne of the best platforemers that i've played
76561198049609071,Recommended,214560,13061142,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pumpkin Pie,"Mark of the Ninja is a thoroughly enjoyable sidescrolling stealth platformer that left me surprisingly saddened at it's completion.  Mechanically the game is sound and plays well with the XBOX controller it was designed for.  The music and visuals create a dark atmosphere that suits the work of the Ninja and I particularly enjoyed the crack of thunder, flash of lightning and constant patter of rain while infiltrating Karajan's fortress.With all the above working to highlight the storyline, there are also plenty of options that allow a player to customize their individual playstyle.  Whether you choose the Path of Silence, Path of Nightmares or any of the other half a dozen Paths available, you will enjoy the way each path's strengths change the experience of the gameplay and provide for replay value to this gem of a game.And then there is the story of a Ninja Champion, chosen to take on the Mark to save his clan, at the risk of losing his sanity, life and honor.  What will your Fate be?  Buy this game and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,214560,9781634,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Render,"I don't have any idea why I didn't purchase this game sooner. Here's some points I'd like to touch on, generally pros with any associated cons.1. Multiple playstyles - for me, I enjoy playing the ghost; no kills, no detection, no nonsense. That's an option I played through the first handful of levels before I began experimenting with the other playstyles available. Each outfit you unlock has different perks and pitfalls, and my favorite (before the endgame outfit) became the terrifying Oni outfit + playstyle. It's definitely not supposed to be funny, but man I got some good laughs watching guards react to their dead allies... Now, the only downfall here for me is that stealth / ghost is much tougher than in most games I'm acquainted with... without the DLC. This is both a pro and a con. There's only one DLC item for this game, and it came out some time post release to add new content. It doesn't quite fit its price tag for me, yet; this upsets me slightly because I would love to try out those new stealth manuevers, but don't yet have the opportunity.2. Beautiful graphics - ain't really got a summary nor story for this. The backgrounds are wonderfully detailed and the level design uses darkness and absence of darkness for most elements. I did have to turn the gamma WAY up past the beginning setting, though it was unclear whether that's actually the recommended setting or whether they just want you to be like ""Ooh, there's a ninja appearing in the darkness while I adjust my gamma."" Cool effect anyway. The game would have just been way too dark for me to see anything below... 55 or 60, somewhere in that range.3. New Game Plus - okay, I'll be honest, I have no earthly idea whether or not I'll get around to playing this, but any game that includes it gets bonus points in my book. You mean to tell me I get an excuse for going through the story again? Which brings me to the next one...4. The story. It's pretty... cliché, I'll be honest. I knew where it was turning well before it got there. That being said, I guess it's a guilty pleasure, because I still enjoyed it thoroughly. There's scrolls hidden throughout the game to add backstory in the form of haikus - I haven't unlocked most of them as of yet. Not really a plus or a minus for me, since the gameplay is so fantastic and fluid.I played through most of the game with a controller, before I got sick of the fact that my Right Trigger didn't function 90% of the time. That's not an important key for how I played, it's sprinting. It definitely feels a lot more fluid on a controller than on a keyboard, in my opinion.Now, overall, I got ~12 hours of awesome playtime, and will likely get more. Does this fit a $15 pricetag? For me, yes, because the quality of the product is stellar and I doubt I'll find a game topping this in the stealth field any time soon."
76561198095346450,Recommended,214560,15503650,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,|LZ| H1tM4n ヅ,This is a really awesome game. there is options like you kill or leave everybody to live. You can stealth but u can go loud.And ofcourse we love ninjas :D q:'D
76561198007523681,Recommended,214560,7750082,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Alucard,One of the best platforms EVER ! Buy it ! NOW !
,Recommended,214560,20554135,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ad3pt kickback.com,this game is mario
,Recommended,214560,30580684,Posted: 17 March,all,White,Really good stealth game. had alot of fun playing this
76561198116126582,Recommended,214560,22991425,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SLUSHII21,Best working stealth game.
,Recommended,214560,14503998,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,g4m3r,"Very nice stealth mechanics, immediate and responsive controls, cartoony and well animated graphics, an upgradable and detailed skills and gadgets tree...all these features describe rather well what you will find in Mark Of The Ninja, an excellent platformer from skilled developer Klei Entertainment.The player is a ninja whose purpose is to disentangle an intricate web of conspiracies around his clan. while fulfilling his own destiny. Actually the story is not that original nor interesting, the real fun comes from all the experimentations you'll make using gadgets like smoke bombs, spiked mines, ravenous insects together with abilities that will let you hang from lights, kill from manholes and run without making any noise.While travelling through the 12 levels, all of them introducing new challenges to pass through, you'll find different kind of enemies, some of them smarter, others more agile or stronger; the game is not that difficult but some steps will be more difficult to pass, and it will be necessary to concatenate more actions together in order to succeed. Notice that once finished, the New Game Plus mode is unlocked, a very difficult variation of the base game!I surely recommend Mark Of The Ninja not only to the platform fans, but also to curious players like me who do like to occasionally change pace and try games outside their usual genres. This time I was awarded with a little gem, a pleasure to play, and I'll keep looking with interest to future productions from Klei, that's for sure!!"
76561198139299207,Recommended,214560,31538570,Posted: 4 May,all,gluon,"This is a superb 2d stealth game which manages to combine intuitive controls with a carefully balanced game mechanic making it both fun but also challenging.  The artwork is fantastic and the storyline is engaging as well so really this is a great all round platform/stealth game.  In fact so far Klei games has had some really amazing indie titles out, definitely one to watch here!  Mark of the Ninja is great fun and very much worth the price in my opinion, I imagine most people will wait for a sale but I dont think you would be disapointed paying the full price for this one.In terms of game stability I can only comment for the OS I played on so if you are playing on a Debian based OS I can confirm this ran superbly well and was a fantastic example of a port to the platform."
,Recommended,214560,21380079,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,bastard.zen,The first game i bothered to 100%.Enough said :)
,Recommended,214560,11607697,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,viad,"Mark of the Ninja is a 2d stealth platformer that applies the stealth genre in unique ways and encourages a wide variety of approaches to tackle a problem. Being a game about ninja, the visual design employs some Japanese style in the levels. There are also other styles depending on the current level, ranging from a modern city, a castle, and the Middle East. This game uses a hand drawn and animated style for objects and people, which look nice visually and stand out from each other. The game's background graphics have intricate designs and distinct silhouettes. Most of the game is shown in a black silhouettes with some highlights. This is both an artistic and a gameplay choice, since lit areas will show the full color of things on screen, while in darkness black silhouettes are shown. The animated cutscenes help drive the story and stay consistent with the style of the game. The cutscene animation quality is great, as if it were an actual show, and has its unique Japanese inspired style like the game's graphics. Overall, the art style leans towards a great animated style with some Japanese influences along with a few other distinct designs.The music in this game is both a mix of traditional Japanese and contemporary styles. There aren't that many tracks to this game, but the music tends to change dynamically based on actions in the game. There are a few special songs that play at certain parts of the game to heighten a certain mood. Still, the music sounds great here and helps drive the game's style along.The story of Mark of the Ninja features an unnamed ninja under the control of Azai, his master, on a mission to assassinate the owner of a company called Hessian. Along the way the player meets up with Ora, a female ninja who guides the player along in the game and Dosan, an artist who gives the playable unnamed ninja special tattoos. These tattoos grant special powers to the bearer, but cause them delve into madness if they have the mark for too long.There is obviously more to the plot without spoiling it, but the story for Mark of the Ninja is thought out well and has excellent twists and turns throughout the whole game. The animated cutscenes occur mainly between levels and help drive the story, along with special levels designed to advance the story further. The strong story will keep players on the game, along with its excellent gameplay.This game takes the stealth genre and applies it to a 2d platformer with wildy amazing results. For starters, the player needs to take advantage of line of sight, lighting, and sound to slip by undetected. These three things each have their own visual cues, ranging from blurring, silhouettes, and circles to represent sound that others can hear. The player can kill enemies, but it usually has to be done using stealth. Going at an enemy head on where they can see you is a surefire way to get killed. Along the way, the player can use special tools or moves to help kill or sneak by enemies, and can be upgraded or unlocked with special tokens earned from playing the game. Enemies can be distracted, take notice of you, and can even be terrified. Knowing the best course of action when the enemy behavior changes is vital. Sometimes, a puzzle needs to be solved to advance, which is based on some special mechanics seen throughout the levels. The game does open up a wide amount of options to get through an area with complex tools to accomplish the task. Solving a puzzle or navigating a room of enemies successfully feels rewarding, and it's not just the assassination animations looking cool too. Taking the stealth genre and putting it in a 2d game is well done here, as you do have many options and tools to use for a very engaging experience.Mark of the Ninja nails its 2d stealth platforming down, and it also has an animated visual style and a well written story. You will definitely enjoy all three of these parts of the game for the high quality demonstrated in this game as a whole."
,Recommended,214560,23528247,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Vexarch,"Great stealth mechanics, gullible guards and ninja stuff ! What's not to love !It is quite fun, prowling around darkness picking off the enemy one by one OR you could just keep to the shadows, never even draw a single drop of blood. It has a replay value just because of the different play styles you may want to try.Definetly recommended ! 9/10"
76561197977544920,Recommended,214560,17874220,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,NotTheOne,"The obsession with Ninjas in popular culture began in the '80s when Hollywood produced a few Ninja movies which happened to make a lot of money. As sure as the Sun rises in the East, the smell of profits ensured that a few Ninja movies soon became a plethora and eventually a torrent. Everything martial arts related became popular. Movies by Jean-Claude Van Damme, Steven Seagal and the legendary Chuck Norris inundated the public. Sure, some of them were not bad, but just as a cow produces milk, it also produces manure. Lots of it.Fortunately for fans, the passage of time hasn't blunted the enthusiasm of Van Damme and Seagal who are still prolific today, producing straight-to-DVD movies with the regularity and consistency of a dyspeptic sybarite with irritable bowel syndrome. As forSeagal, he is now better known for spending more time at the buffet table than at the training dojo, preparing for his next blockbuster by subsisting on a stringent diet of Buffalo Wings. It is rumoured on the IMDB website that Seagal turned down a part inThe Expendables 3because he wanted to star alongside Harrison Ford in the new Star Wars film as Jabba the Hutt's son.For anyone who doesn't know,The Expendablesis the prestigious action movie franchise where famous action movie stars compete to see who can be more incomprehensible. So far, Slyvester Stallone and Jason Statham are tied for the top spot. In early editions of the DVD (since recalled), a production error dubbed over the actors withthese guysand nobody noticed the difference.Anyway, history buffs might be interested to know that not only is Ninjutsu a venerable art with a long and proudhistoryin Japan, it was practised as far away as theCaribbean, brought there by Ninja-Pirates migrating across the Pacific Ocean. Joining a Ninja clan is simplicity in itself as traditional Ninja membership policies are extremely non-discriminatory as seen in the remarkable documentaryBeverly Hills Ninja. In fact, being human is not even a necessary pre-requisite for being a Ninja. Robots, mutants, pet turtles and cheerleaders are all eligible.As the epitome of martial arts, anyone would think that becoming a Ninja would take strict discipline and many years of intense training, but nothing is further from the truth. Simply yelling ""Ninja Power Now!"" while gesticulating idiotically in the manner of an epileptic mime is all it takes.In Mark of the Ninja, the developers Klei draws on the vast legacy of Ninja mythology to deliver an intriguing 2-D stealth platformer that does justice to the Ninja genre. Your job is to guide Mark, a slightly fruity human Luddite Ninja, on his epic quest to defeat the bad guys by destroying all their lamps. The darkness will create serious Workplace Health and Safety issues and cause severe embarrassment at the next WHS inspection. That'll teach em.Levels are well designed usually with multiple paths to objectives. Just like inDeus Ex: Human Revolutioncovert and overt playstyles are supported. The stealth action is incredibly well integrated into the gameplay, with the option for non-lethal pacifist vegans to ghost through every level without killing a single thing. It's even possible to hide in a box Metal Gear style. Sadly, the time-honoured stealth tactic of putting a lampshade on your head and pretending to be a lamp isn't implemented.With an engaging narrative, responsive controls and a beautiful art style that is uniquely Klei, this is the best and only stealth platformer I've ever played."
,Recommended,214560,19059965,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Turtle King,"This game is incredible. It has some of the most well thought through levels and ideas i have seen in a long time and i have encountered no bugs. I bought this game and the DLC last time is was on sale and it has continued to hold my interest for about a year.If you want a stealth game done right, then Mark of the Ninja is for you."
,Recommended,214560,19045958,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Lt. Shotgunson,Gold standart of stealth games with beautiful visuals and sweet sounds.10/10
,Recommended,214560,16838681,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SpyHunter,"A must play for any stealth fan. Although the story might be predictable at times, the way the story and the gameplay were woven together is something that should be done more often in games. This story takes advantage of its medium to effectively deliver the narrative, and doesn't rely heavily on expensive cinematics like in big budget games.The gameplay becomes pretty addicting once you get used to the controls. A fun 5 hours and definitely worth picking up during a sale."
,Recommended,214560,17401392,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Rangeclaw,Very nice game. Not too hard but fun puzzles to solve. Stylish ninja play. 8/10
,Recommended,214560,11823361,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,slashz,"Being one of the best platform games I have ever played, it compares to the likes of Castlevania SotN.The Good:Gameplay, graphics, sound, replayability. The story isn't bad.The Bad:The high overall quality leaves only quantity for one to want more of. I hope there's more DLC (or another title!) to come.The Ugly:Absent."
,Recommended,214560,9775642,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Funky,According to some nerd on the internet this is the closest game to how ninjas actually are.
,Recommended,214560,29253156,Posted: 14 January,all,sammomy,"Klei is a special one in my book. They're building a small but distinct back catalog of highly appriciated games.Personally, I dislike their art-style and I couldn't care less about the story, but they score in the most important category.The games are fun, controls are intuitive and every game feels like something you haven't played before.One things for sure, there's definately some playtesting going around, because I never felt like the games were overly hard or ridiculously easy and I consider myself an average gamer.I never thought a 2d-sidescroller would be able to be an enjoyable stealth-game but Klei did it. It's not the best stealth game I've ever played but it's firmly in the top 10. The graphics are a bit a hit or miss-affair, but there's no denying that some thought have gone into them and they do the job more than adequate. Sound is ok but don't expect bucketloads of atmosphere.The gameplay is smooth, gently pulls you in and the difficulty curve is nigh on perfect. It's as much a puzzle as an actiongame like every decent stealth-game out there. I'll admit I'm not good at controlling 2d-scrolling games (except for the old flashback on which I'm the best player in the world :) ), but whenever I got in trouble, I never could curse the controls, it was me doing stupid stuff or trying the impossible and often both at the same time.I haven't progressed that much in the game but I've seen enough to know it'll be some time before I'm finished with this game. Simply because it's fun, unique and can hold it's own against the major stealth games I came to know and love."
,Recommended,214560,28952089,Posted: 2 January,all,HaxorXD,"One of my favorite games so far. At first, the game is a bit creepy, but I found that if you turn off the music off, its perfectly fine. Other than that, the playstyle and gameplay completely draw you in and you will find that this game is very addicting. 100% recommended! :)"
76561198024972696,Recommended,214560,14203091,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""Mark of the Ninja"" is an excellent game.  Initially, I didn't want to buy it since I'm not really one for side-scrolling platformers.  But, during the Steam Winter Sale, I caught it at $10.48 and bought it.  I'm very pleased.  Why am I so happy with it?  Because the side-scrolling platforming is not all that obtrusive and the big driver in the game is stealth.  As an added bonus, much of it (though not all) can be played without killing people.  And, since it took me a total of 59 hours to finish the base game and get all the Achievements (42 hours to finish the first run through, plus another 17 hours to finish it in New Game Plus mode), the money I spent was well worth it.  With the amount of gameplay you get out of the game, it's worth it even at the current list price of $14.99.I do have some minor issues with the game.  Most irritating is that the DLC's Achievements are lumped in with the base game's even if you don't own the DLC.  So, even though I  don't yet have the DLC, and have completed 100% of the base game's Achievements, Steam only shows a completion rate of 79%.  The most serious issue is with the mechanism used for you to return to the levels you've completed.  I (and many others) initially couldn't seem to return to my last level.  It turns out that the obvious scrolling to what you think are the levels only takes you to what are actually *areas*.  The specific levels are represented by the drawings of buildings at the top of those area screens.  So, you scroll to the area and then click on the building (or level) you want.As for quibbles, there are several places where the game saves a waypoint (or even finishes a level) without warning and, possibly, right as you do something you really didn't want to do.  So, you can't go back and fix it without replaying the whole level.  There are also a couple of places where you re-spawn to a place in the midst of some bad guys.  Those are a bit difficult to escape.  And, finally, there are some places you go through where you can't backtrack.  That's a bit irritating if you've forgotten something and realize you can't get it unless you replay the whole level.Still, I'm very pleased with ""Mark of the Ninja,"" consider it an excellent game, and recommend it even at it's list price."
,Recommended,214560,28863250,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Assasinator,Excellent gameplay and superb story! Would recommend it to anyone
,Recommended,214560,23846394,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Threepw00d,"By far the best stealth platformer I've played. Just outstanding attention to detail, tight controls, perfect combat system and cleverly designed levels."
,Recommended,214560,10534984,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Roundaboot,A true stealth game that lets you plan out your moves with an arsenal of gadgets and ninja things10/10
76561198034123480,Recommended,214560,8847207,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,GeraldoParadiso,"An excellent modern platform game. When you play as a secretive Ninja, launching a shadow war on your enemies, you dive into the game's gripping atmosphere. Controls are intuitive, integrating versatile movement and actions, yet staying simple enough to experience a compelling flow."
,Recommended,214560,12114217,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Carahyba ☭,"A really great game! Awesome gameplay, sounds, music and animation. Worth every penny! Waiting for 'Mark of the Ninja II'. =)Graphics - 10/10Sounds - 10/10Music - 10/10Entertaining - 10/10Challenging - 10/10Story - 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,9581173,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"A 2D side-scroller you do not see much these days. In fact, while many of these games remind you of Mario or Contra, games in which you were actively engaged in combat, Mark of The Ninja puts a lot of emphasis on stealth instead. Attacking your foes up front is instant death. Your best bet is to lay traps or to approach from the shadow which is your best friend in this game. There are a handful of levels and the further you get the more patience is required from your side: each move how you take down your enemies should be planned carefully.I liked the learning curve in Mark of The Ninja. The levels got more and more difficult gradually - at no point did I feel the AI was cheating and completing a mission was impossible. The higher difficulty levels along with the Special Edition released not long ago increase the already decent replayability.A unique, stealth-based side-scroller I can recommend to everybody. Not just the fans of the genre but those longing for something new and original."
76561198064671285,Recommended,214560,26610262,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Frodo Swaggins of Bag End,"TLDR: Be a ghost, ♥♥♥♥ with people's minds or straight-up beat everyone up, you can do any and all. 10/10 would recommend.I would highly suggest this game to anyone interested in stealth/strategy games. Not only does it test your ability to see how an outcome will turn out, but it does so in a 2-dimensional platform. I never knew a game like this could provide a challenge similar to Hitman. The AI acts relatively life-like, with guards either panicking or going on high alert after seeing a fellow guard you lynched on a light post just seconds prior. Additionally, the use of various tools that lead to creative, and sometimes hilarious, effects adds another layer to the stealth/strategy aspect of this game. If none of my previous points strike a chord with you, that is fine as well. The game also provides perks to players who want to just straight up beat everyone up. 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,214560,8966709,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,TARS,"This game is the current standard of what a stealth game should it, I would even rank it above Metal Gear Solid with regard to the stealth mechanics. This is just a game with brilliant mechanics that combined with its brilliant art style and story make it a must buy in my opinion.If you want to read me pretty much saying the samething over again but in a more obtuse manner you can do that on my blog:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2013/10/mark-of-ninja.html."
,Recommended,214560,24626261,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Oke'd,"The worst thing about most stealth-centric games is the ambiguity. Are you visible from your current location? Will your enemies hear it if you perform this action? It’s a niggling problem that even some of the best stealth games have trouble alleviating. However, Klei Entertainment’s contribution to the genre—Mark of the Ninja—uses both its side-scrolling perspective and easily recognisable visual cues to create a near-complete clarity that sets it apart from other, similar titles.You play as an unnamed ninja, part of a clan that has survived until the modern day using tattoos with supernatural properties. As the story begins, you—as the “champion” who has accepted “the mark”—awaken to an attack on the clan by armed soldiers. While the plot does thicken substantially throughout the game, it’s not particularly outstanding. What really carriesMark of the Ninjais the clearly established rules that govern the stealth system, especially the visual representations of sound and light, which are simple and easy to understand.The stealth gameplay itself is extremely polished, and the clarity that it presents makes you truly feel in control of any situation you may be in. The level design complements the mechanics fantastically, allowing for any combination of pacifist, ‘no kill’ runs and a straight-up bloodbath.Mark of the Ninjadoes rightfully restrict your ability to succeed in hand-to-hand combat, and while it’s certainly possible, it’s significantly less effective than stealth kills.Mark of the Ninja’s progression system gives you points to unlock different items and stealth kills based on the objectives you complete within each level, and it can take some time to unlock the majority of items it you’re running through without collecting pickups or completing optional objectives. It’s a nice incentive to be more thorough in your exploration of the game’s open-ended levels. On the subject of unlockable items,Mark of the Ninjagoes for a sort of codex system in the form of audio logs, which are simple haikus explaining the backstory of the story’s central clan. It’s an interesting way of doing things, and it’s much better than the drawn-out voice readings from some higher budget games.Aesthetically,Mark of the Ninjais pretty fantastic. The art style and animation is designed to look like traditionally animated films, particularly reminiscent of Disney’s pre-Pixar films. Everything just looks great. The character animations are fluid and the backgrounds look great despite the limitations of the binary lighting system. The gruesome variety of the stealth kills combined with the superior sound design really come together to make it a real joy to play.My only criticism is the voice acting, which sounds like it was done in a hurry towards the end of production. Despite this,Mark of the Ninjaexcels in every field, to the point where I’d consider it to be the optimal stealth experience."
76561198085539100,Recommended,214560,8742388,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,saleh.s.a.s,review in arabicصراحة مدري من وين ابدا الكلام عن هاللعبةشي خفيف وبنفس الوقت يوفر مستوى من التحدي والحرية في طريقة اللعبإذا جيت تلعب لا تتوقع شي سهل ... انك تموت وتعيد أو حتى تعيد من نفسك هذا شي عادي مع هاللعبةاللعبة فيها تنوع وكل مرة ممكن تختار طرق جديدة للفوزبعض الخيارات والملابس أيضا تساعدك انك تتمم المهام بالطريقة اللي تناسبكبكل بساطة راح تحس انك نينجا وأنت تلعب xDاللعبة أعجبتني من جميع نواحي اللعب والرسم فيها جميل وبسيط ويعطيك جو رهيبالعيب الوحيد في اللعبة واللي صراحة ما أثر علي واجد اللي هو التمثيل الصوتيبس ماكنت متوقع تمثيل رهيب من الأساس فما فرقت معيوفي النهاية أحب أقول لعبة رهيبة وخفيفة وتجربة ممتعة بالفعل وتستحق 9/10
,Recommended,214560,18916252,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Witch King,Good job!95/100
,Recommended,214560,25515733,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Agent Cash,"*Kills guard**Drops dead body to hide**Live guard below notices and becomes terrified, killing two other guards**Runs through vents below the floor, attracting terrified guard**Pulls guard down and kills him when the guard peeks down to check vents*69,420,666/10 would create my own horror movie againNo contest, the best game I have played on steam. I absolutely love the atmosphere, sound, and gameplay. Really makes you feel like a true ninja. Definitely a great game to get if you like stealth games, action games, or minecraft (Just kidding- but if you like minecraft, remember that suicide is always an option)."
,Recommended,214560,12873572,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jadefelsen,"One of the best Ninja stealth Indie Games Ive ever played!Buy it or let it, you will miss a great Game..."
76561198029669648,Recommended,214560,12907723,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Flower Power,"A beautifully crafted stealth platformer, with excellent art and level design as well as a great story. Additionally, if your doing anything, but a speedrun through this, it will last you at least 10 hours and every hour is worth it. Definitely get this."
,Recommended,214560,9824859,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Mkendrick,"Great game! Simple but catching, this product offers tons of fun, awesome art and quite a plane but entertaining story. The puzzles you need to solve are well balanced so you don't get bored of the same type of challange again and again. Different mechanics, different ways to surpass every isue. I'm really enjoying it."
,Recommended,214560,21216416,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Maximus,"The game is just awesome. Gameplay is amazing, quests are good, stealth mode is interesting. Developing your skills and equipment saves you from being bored. The ending is classy and stylish. The only thing to improve: maybe it could be a little shorter: if developers cut couple of levels it won't get worse. 9/10."
,Recommended,214560,9746241,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Deadpool,"Pros: +Excellent Stealth action+Abillities,Equipment unlockable+Lots of checkpoints+Nice animation-design+makes you feel like a ninjaCons:-Ends too soon(you can finish in a few hours)-Puzzle game elements-Way too hard enemies at the final levels-Replay value (ruins the whole thing)A nice stealth game..finished it soon but I enjoyed it! 7.4/10"
,Recommended,214560,284992,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Ausdrake,"This could be called a ""Triple A Indie"" game and the quality shows. This is easily one of the best stealth games out there, which sounds bizarre given it's a 2D platformer but it just works through great design. Of course if you'd prefer to be a mass murdering ninja then you can do that to, but don't expect to live long if you don't utlise stealth. It also looks gorgeous in motion."
,Recommended,214560,15931915,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Lord Sniper,"I would definitely recommend this little gem of Klei Entertainment, especially to stealth genre lovers. It's got all the good makings of the ultimate stealth game:-stealth;-stealth kills;-stealth equipment;-marvelous graphics without the over-the-top 3D.The Atmosphere and the gameplay let's you fully immerse into the ninjas journey to uncovering the truth behind the lies he's been blinded by all the years and most of all uncover the truth about himself...Blasphemy, such a cliche ending! 10/10 though"
76561198149017095,Recommended,214560,11775764,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Nikodemus,"For less than five bucks, this game is a bargain and a whole lot of fun.  Controls work well. Artowr is nice.  Plus you are a NINJA!"
76561198052270309,Recommended,214560,12917113,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Soran92,"Best 2D stealth action adventure i have ever played. It has quite good story and puzzels are challenging. Its really nice to change style  in midle of game and play some missions in ""Rambo"" style instead going every floor in stealth. Really enjoy playing this game."
,Recommended,214560,11618523,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ZA WARUDO,Best 2D stealth game I've played in years.
76561198045935774,Recommended,214560,10980644,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The Bee Pope,
,Recommended,214560,5064738,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Kaze,احسن تجارب العاب النينجا والي فعلاً قدرت تحقق المعنى الحقيقي لعالم النينجا، العاب وايد حاولت انها تقدم هل الجربة فعلاً نجحت بس مارك اوف نينجا اعتبرها الاتجربة الافضل و الانسب كلعبة تو دي والي تفوقت على احسن لعبة نينجا بالنسبة لي والي هي تنشو.
,Recommended,214560,11949357,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,BloodyEddy™,Sam Fisher approves !!!
76561198063480343,Recommended,214560,8144602,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,nil,Classic but user-friendly stealth gameplay in 2D.
,Recommended,214560,8502122,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Moosely,"This game took me by surprise with how good it was. I bought it on sale because it seemd like it may be a fun little game, but it was amazingly well done.  Beautiful art direction, powerful story, and fluid, engaging gameplay.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,9095865,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lombardi,"In most games I cringe at the idea of going full stealth simply because of the dull, slow and eventually boring environment thats normally required to succeed.  Mark of the Ninja is very different.  This game does stealth right, point blankly.  The entertainment value remains high throughout, even while you sneak around, remaining quiet and trying to actually be a ninja.  And eventually you have enough tools and experience at your disposal to rarely have to stop moving, even in stealth with guards all around you.  Add to that the fact that the story is very well written, full of twists, betrayal and difficult moral decisions, and this is definitely a game I recommend."
,Recommended,214560,9157000,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,CatHatGuy,Easily the best stealth game in recent years. It reminds me of MGS3 in Foxhound mode (The one where you can't be seen).
,Recommended,214560,467026,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,YellowLab,"This game is pure awesome. It is stealth done right. You can make it through every mission without killing anyone (if you plan) and you get a bonus for doing so. However, there are so many great ""ninja"" ways to kill that part of the fun is setting up the perfect kill. The game design is supurb. You can easily tell if you will be seen or heard as well as where the enemies are by sound or sight. Essential for a stealth game. Great game in so many ways."
,Recommended,214560,1900081,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Warchief,"Although the game design is cartoonish, it has a great Engine. Providing smooth play and extremely fun environment, The game makes you re-live the Ninja style always looking for the dark areas to hide from your enemies.(+) I fully recommend this Game. it is simply fun to play, the game and environment and style of playing sucks you in from the first stage.(-) The game could use some more levels, it is a bit short as I managed to finish the game in only one day."
,Recommended,214560,5502826,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Sunnyside193,"An awesome game, really  makes you think to work out how to get to the next room or kill those guards. Nice balanced difficulty."
76561198014863799,Recommended,214560,8960051,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Jake Thunder,"Just good twitchy fun.  I really enjoy this game. You can try to pass a level without a single kill, or leave a real mess.  Its fun to be able to vary your styles.  Works great with my PS3 controler."
76561198115671041,Recommended,214560,20332573,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Silver Back,"Very awesome game nice game, wonderful game. I finished the game. I admire and would like the second series of the game. Among the best games of Ninja game. And game soundtrack superbly."
76561198073487890,Recommended,214560,24148828,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Wrathias,"Incredible, Simply incredible, this game is all i ever wanted from a ninja game and more, in a single 10 second moment i felt the same feeling dishonoured needed a whole game plus final level to instill, the DLC was not needed, though very much appreciated, unlocking all the costumes was amazing, and using them made me feel powerful, the story was nice, the gameplay spectacular, the ending was a nice ambigious wrap-up, overall, this whole game deserves one of my highest regards"
,Recommended,214560,13100292,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MastaTGT,The game is definitely fun to play and worth getting if your into side scrolling. I was expecting the game to be shorter then it was but it was definitely enjoyable. The music was great. The graphics are awesome. The gameplay was cool. I think it's definitely worth the pick up whether on sale or full price.
,Recommended,214560,13045593,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Denocan,Perfect game.
,Recommended,214560,12974885,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[HotB] M.P.Furo,"Mark of the Ninja is a side-scrolling 2D action game that can be played to varying degrees of stealth. As an xbox port, the game plays best with a controller, (it ought to be a requirement) so bear that in mind if you plan on purchasing it. That said, the game is completely worth the money as I can think of no other action game that does stealth so well.The game itself is not so difficult; it can be completed rather quickly if one wishes. The real gem in this game lies in the replayability; challenges and achievements that are fun and set to just the right level of difficulty. Multiple ""costumes"" (altered game mechanics) and a wide variety of skills/tools allow for a range of playstyles.Mechanics-wise, the Mark of the Ninja leaves nothing up to chance or question. Success is based on skill and everything about the environment is communicated to the player with visual cues. If the player character dies it is always the player's fault. No ""bad rolls"" or ""cheese"" here.While not a story driven game, the story in Mark of the Ninja does have merit for reasons I cannot explain without spoiling it. Just suffice to say that the player will do well to pay attention to the graphics.In short, I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,214560,8512472,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,XxxTentacion,"A very fun-to-play stealth action game that brings the meaning of stealth to a whole new level in 2-D side-scrolling genre games. Highly recommend it. Although the campaign is not very long, there are many ways to play each level, which keeps me replaying the levels again. There are also secrets in each level. With the special edition DLC, I get new playstyles and a new level. Very fun game. Get it! ^^"
,Recommended,214560,11229482,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Nuuskiss,"I have never been the biggest fan of stealth games, but this platformer made an exception! The game lets a player to choose from so many different tactics to approach goals that I actually did beat some levels again just to beat my last score which I got by killing some enemies instead of remaining completly unseen like a ghost. After tens of hours of joy I realized that I have unlocked all the achivements as well without noticing.. Best stealth- and 2D game EVER in my book."
,Recommended,214560,118258,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Maggot brain,"Ce jeu est inconstablement LA bonne surprise du mois.Présenté en mode plateforme 2D, à l'ancienne, vous menez votre ninja à la vengeance autant qu'à l'initiation aux arts ninja. Spoiler: des morts vont joncher le tatami.Avec un style BD haut en couleur et très original, Mark of the Ninja a le potentiel de séduire tous les fans de stealth qui ont hurlé en voyant ce que réserve le prochain Splinter Cell."
76561197971414496,Recommended,214560,516291,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Hingle McCringleberry,Incredibly good stealth gameplay combined with an interesting art-style and story.
76561198097974658,Recommended,214560,13276466,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ricardo.rc1997,"The Plot - For me it's OK. It looks a little foreseeable at begining, but it acquires some philosophical aspects, such as the ninja code of honor, the most positive quality in my opinion, what creates a reflexive and excellent end.The Gameplay - The best feature in this game, Beacause there is a total freedom in the behavior of the player in the game. You can be a stealth player, not more natural, it's a ninja game, but nothing willl stop you if you kill a guard, but remember that you will reach more points if you don't kill anyone or don't activat the alarm. However, the symbols of the game are the puzzles. There are many of them, of variables difficulties, in objective or secret forms, what makes the duration of the gameplay get more extended (between 15h~20h depending the style you choose) but not monotonous, and without them the game would be very easy.The Graphics - For me it's OK. The 2D scenarios give the game an old school appearance, but the movimentation are very fluid and the well animated cutscenes give a modern view of the situation. Wth the 2D, there isn't many details in the ambients, but, in the gameplay, it haven't made any difference anyway.The Soundtrack - Excellent, especially in the end. The instrumental musics mix with different situations and ambients in a perfect way.Result; I think the game is one of the best in Steam, it isn't expensive, at least in my country. This one worth be played."
,Recommended,214560,13549831,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,7grain,"Mark of the Ninja is a great example of how much more important gameplay is than graphical fidelity. This is a familiar sentiment, but Mark of the Ninja embodies it. The control scheme with a 360-controller is excellent, and the game gently ramps up the difficulty as you gain proficiency with the controls.The length is perfect; the game never feels repetitious. A single playthough should take you 8-10 hours, and it's rewarding the entire way. There's decent replay value, as the game will give you higher scores, more tools and techniques, and Steam Achievements for more careful playstyles. I especially appreciate the leaderboard, where you can compare your performance to that of your Steam friends.There's another notable feature that's built into the gameplay that may go unnoticed, because it's an absence, not a feature: there is no difficulty slider. Mark of the Ninja offers exactly as much challenge as you want to take on. If you want a casual experience, the game is challenging but only rarely frustrating. If you want an expert-level challenge, there are challenges built into each level that you can attempt or ignore. For example, no kills, no detection, incapacitating certain soldiers, putting out every light, putting out no lights. There's no difficulty slider that puts in more or fewer enemeies,  or makes them more or less alert. It's a brilliant design. And - it does this on the fly. Some of these challenge goals appear mid-level. Two players can play the same level and have an entirely different experience. The game gives you just as much challenge as you would like to take on.Mark of the Ninja is a superbly designed game. Give it a go."
,Recommended,214560,15541857,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TGammet,Tightly designed action and stealth.
,Recommended,214560,5001328,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,LDD714,"An amazing indie game made by Klei, its a stealth/action dependent on your actions.The story is: You're a Ninja which has been marked with a tattoo which gives you exceptional skills and powers, you will however, eventually go mad due to the power you possess.  As the legend says, you will end your life to die with honor before you lose all of your control over yourself.  Your clan is attacked by Karajan, and you are you are the Ninja that has been Marked with the tattoo to take him down.The artwork in the game is beautiful, there isn't much music but for the music that this game does have, its amazing, for the most part.  As for the game play you'll mostly be killing people via steal kills or the items at your disposal. Whenever you do something, you make a sound, you need to be aware of what you're doing, making sounds alerts guards, you do use this to your advantage as you can distract guards for you to be able to kill them, however, you can also end up having enemies notice you when you really don't want them to.  You do buy items that you unlock with honor you get in missions, you get honor from getting a certain number of points in a level, finding scrolls in the level, or doing different tasks, the upgrades you buy are items, upgrades for yourself, and different ways to kill your foes, which will generally make them much easier to kill.  You get 2 kinds of items, Distraction items which distract, knock out enemies, or one that lets you hide yourself from enemies, and Attack items which attack enemies, these range from spike traps to ravenous insects which will eat your target causing them to scream in horror and pain (alerting anyone within a large distance to the victim, and terrifying anyone that sees the target be killed).  Or, you could try to avoid all the enemies, there are different styles you can choose(after unlocking them) which change how your character plays.Some styles include one that lets you run without making a sound but you don't get a sword meaning the only way you can kill enemies is through your items or the environment, another makes it so when an enemy sees a dead enemy, they become terrified making them easier to kill, the downside is you can't bring an distraction items.The game does reward you for killing, but the game also rewards you for simply being hidden while an enemy passes by you if you do beat a finish without killing any enemies you get a large point bonus, the game does have a point system involved for different actions, I never cared for it, except to get the best rank, but you could put your score on the leader boards and see how your score holds up, but the leader board is filled with cheaters so its mostly just to compare with friends who also play the game.  I love this game and I feel like it is one of the best games of 2012.Too long didn't read?   The game has good artwork, the gameplay is fun, the little music the game has is great, and the fact that the game let's you decide how to play make it an amazing experience."
,Recommended,214560,8934865,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,max.,"I highly recommend this game. So many different playstyles to choose from. You can be stealthy, alert no guards, hide bodies. Or you can string bodies up to lamposts and terrorize guards and lay traps for them to step on. Brilliant!"
,Recommended,214560,8717593,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Has the art of the ninja ever called to you? Have you ever wanted magical tattoo’s that give you supernatural powers? Then this is the game for you.Wow what a looker, the art style of this game is gorgeous. It is very reminiscent of a comic book, one with a boat load of blood an action to boot.The game play is fluid and the controls are pin perfect, of course they would have to be to get through some of the more challenging areas. Speaking of challenging, mark of the Ninja has just enough to keep you entertained and not rip your hair out.The Story is great, not in depth but does it really have to be when all you want to do is hack up bad guys and be the “hero”. I loved it from start to finish; the same can be said for the characters. Each has their place and they all add to the experience.Amazing game from start to finish, It’s so much fun and I spent hours playing it in different ways just to experience all the various play styles and ways to maim and murder.I fully recommend this to everyone; it’s one of my favorites.Have fun ^_^"
,Recommended,214560,9079701,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Khoa,A 2D stealth game made with perfectionAll the elements work prefectly togetherYou can choose to kill noone or kill everyone either way the game is designed to allow both possibilitiesI hop they add more to the story or create a sequel i would truly be gratefull to be blessed again by a work of artAnd anyway who doesnt like ninjas?
76561198054743762,Recommended,214560,5725396,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,hi im mark,"This game is amazing! The choice of stealth killing everyone, recking a havoc, or just sneaking past everyone is splendid!"
,Recommended,214560,15570882,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,"Ein Reich, Ein Volk, Ein Fuhrer!","This game is absolutely amazing, and for stealth games thats alot to say.However, the one thing that won it for me.squirrel suit!11/10"
,Recommended,214560,9922685,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,WingedReturn,Mark of the Ninja is one of the very few games that gets it right on all accounts. The attention to detail is staggering. Must play!
,Recommended,214560,9110050,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Alastair,"One of the best 2D stealth games available out there. The art style is interesting, the gameplay is tight and there is a new game plus mode for a greater challenge.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,8980556,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Johnny Demented,A Epic Fusion Of Metal Gear and SplinterCell Mixed in with a dash of Sun tsu art of war
76561198072500366,Recommended,214560,8481735,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MackeyMaki,"If you like to hide in the dark and stab guards in the neck, this is probably the best dark hiding, neck stabbing 2D platformer around. With plenty of ways to approach each situation, this game provides you many variables. This game also features the return of near-sighted guards that stop caring about broken lights after a bit.Well animated like various childhood cartoons but with blood, this game looks great.Play as a ninja with a burning tattoo the allows him to aim darts with out worrying about taking time to aim darts, on a quest to destroy evil in the coolest way you've never seen: Stealth Assassinations with QTE mouse slidingGet more points by hiding behind things, killing things, hiding bodies, dropping lights on guards heads, and many more things.This game also has a lady ninja to guide you. And if we know anything about lady ninjas. It's that games with them tend to be great."
76561198064527406,Recommended,214560,10154679,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TeeLight,"I used to play a lot of Tenchu Stealth Assassins. A lot. In the last ten years there has been a bit of a void as far as ninja stealth games go for me. Then I played this game. I loved every moment of this game. I wanted to do everything I could in it. I went out of my way to try and figure out the best routes in a level. I would plot out what tools I needed. This game is great. It isn't as difficult as Tenchu could be, not even close, even on the harder New Game+, but that doesn't make it any less enjoyable. I hope they find a way to make a sequal because I would love some more of this world. And if anyone is wondering the DLC is completely worth it. It adds an extra layer of fun since you can now knock bad guys out instead of kill them. Great times!"
,Recommended,214560,2283201,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,MyCocaine,Simply the best stealth game of this generation.
76561198075672094,Recommended,214560,26744609,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Chewbacca,"Not bad, great features in this game. Animation, gameplay are great, like good olds 2D action game on console (prince of persia for example), and no bugs found actually.Just sometimes the platform puzzle problems and timing are very hard, inequaly hard in the game. For exemple, you will have to use your teleport power in last than half a second to get out of some situation, which is very hard to do with keyboard. Sometime you are in a room with an unlock system, but you can't see what it unlock in a large area around.Sometimes there's just too much lasers turrets or timing problems, like in old Rick Dangerous (for those who remember). It will have been better to just focus on action ninja part, which is very fun (you got traps, sound and light area, ninja powers). I don't know what's fun in the fact of repeat a timing problem until we got the good timing.Anyway, I got it in sold, at 3 euros, so it worth it, for the good gameplay, and long levels, the game got lots of qualities, and still is better than some 60 bucks games."
76561198072608996,Recommended,214560,29234670,Posted: 13 January,all,Lemoniscate,"although the story was not especially interesting to me, Mark of the Ninja made up for what it lacked in storytelling by providing one of the best stealth game experiences that i have ever played, brilliant character animations and fluid movement, along with inspired and detailed level designs, made the visual impression of this game unforgettable. the various gadgets, abilities and outfits, each perfectly suited to many different playstyles, prevent the game from becoming repetitive and allow you to approach every mission in whichever way you prefer. The special edition downloadable content also adds a new character to the game who can peform non-lethal takedowns, a much needed feature in the game, as well as including a developer commentary for the game, which i found very interesting as it gave me a new perspective on the each of the levels and characters, showing many of the decisions, stages, and inspirations for many aspects of the game. In general, this game perfectly captured the feeling and atmosphere of being a supernatural ninja infiltrating a high tech and corrupt security company.in this next section i have not mentioned names in order to keep spoilers to a minimum, but i will be discussing an event that occurs at the end of the story, so this is a warning for anyone who wishes to avoid spoiler materiala problem that i observed whilst playing the game was that the story's second antagonist was set up as corrupt and dishonorable, yet by the end of the game's story the player was tasked with the moral decision of choosing whether to kill him or one of the protagonists in the story, this struck me as odd because i personally felt no sense of moral dilemma, as the reasons to side with the fellow protagonist far outweighed the reasons to side with the character that, up until this point, i had considered the main villian for this part of the story. The decision you make of which character you kill is also seemingly pointless, as the credits roll immediately afterwards, however this is explained in the developer commentary, as they decided that it should be up to the players interpretation of which option was the right one, which is actually a reasonable decision for them to make, as the player is controlling the ninja, and a game should not tell a player that they are not playing the game properly because of a decision that they thought was the right thing to do."
,Recommended,214560,26846302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HeisSpiter,"Really good game. The gameplay is great and the story rich. It can be played several times in various ways (stealth, not that stealth, fight, etc.).And it works fine on Linux :-)"
,Recommended,214560,22880383,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,さかい Sakai,"I love stealth games. I love platformers. Then I found Mark of the Ninja. This is the one of the best platformer stealth games I have played so far. It is challenging in certain stages, it has bits of puzzle solving, and requires strategy in certain parts of the game depending on your play style. You can either kill every one you see or simply sneak past the entire stages utilizing all of the items you have for both Distractions items or Attack/Lethal items as you like. Unlock killing techniques and items as you play then make the best use of every situation.I would highly recommend this to any platformer lovers who enjoy stealth games at the same time. 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,15236938,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Uriyeah55,"A nice 2d style with cool ways to success every level, if you're doubting,  i can tell you is a worth purchase."
,Recommended,214560,25273790,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Oblivion,"It's a good game, a pleasant surprise, but buggy as ♥♥♥♥. A number of times I would be going for the 100% non-lethal route, only for the game to autosave seconds before a guard gets himself killed.Worth a play  through though I guess."
,Recommended,214560,8757264,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,A Wild Pokemon,metal gear solid as an arcade game
76561198061654303,Recommended,214560,13692470,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Evocapolli,"i play'd a lot of Shinobi when i was a child, this is a very very good Shinobi's evolution + stealth stuff. very good plot.AWSOME!!!"
,Recommended,214560,31410669,Posted: 28 April,all,Norin the Wary,"if you enjoy stealth and ninjas this is probably the most satisfying game you will ever play. 10 of out hidden, would sneak again."
,Recommended,214560,405767,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Gunrun,"This is up there with Splinter Cell Chaos Theory,  and Thief, as one of the best stealth games I've ever played. The controls feel so precise and the gameplay systems are really tight and defined so you never feel like you've lost because of something that isn't your fault. This game is to stealth games what Super Meat Boy is to platformers."
,Recommended,214560,13538218,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,★ITzSaga★,Beautiful Art Style. Amazingly Written Story. Original Combat System.I don't know what to say rather than..THIS GAME IS SO FREAKING WORTH MY MONEY OMG69/10
,Recommended,214560,2332489,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,skaZito',"One of the best stealth platform games i've played in while! Buy it, enjoy it :)"
,Recommended,214560,8706869,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Vulpin,"One shade separated from another, flashed through a corridor and clung to a massive pillar. A guard blinked and fixed his aim on that point. With a slow motion he switched on a flashlight mounted on his submachine gun and blinked again. Light beamed the pillar forcefully causing the myriads of shadows stampede.I am losing my senses- the guard thought.A feint movement of shade produced a blow so mighty yet discrete at the same time. The air was still when the guard collapsed.This is Mark of the Ninja. Precise execution, flawless mechanics and rapid tempo of this hit took its toll not only on unlucky guard. I was blown away too. Every single area of this game shines brightly and works extremely well together. Architecture of levels, atmospheric visuals and sound, brilliant ideas in mechanics, simple but existing story, skills, upgrades, unlocks and sleeping dogs. Not to prolong any more with the details you can probably find in any other review I can simply say: get it!Mark of the Ninja is the best game in it's genre of platformers (stealthy one here). It is also one of the best games ever in my private ranking. After you finish a last level of it and read cool developer diaries just start again in a new game+ because delving into virtual 2d world has never been so fascinating.Ninja style recommendation."
,Recommended,214560,11621208,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KaelYemeth,"Best stealth game I've played in a very long time. Very fun and challenging with very different styles to play.I have to be honest, I didn't expect much at first but I was so captivated that I ended up buying the DLC as well, played the game twice and now am going through New Game Plus.I would rank this top in my book, YES along with Deus Ex. Which from my point of view, means A LOT.Definetely RECOMMENDED."
76561198081590913,Recommended,214560,6985108,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,masterchris9988,"Was soll ich groß sagen,Mark of the Ninja gehörtzu den besten Indy Games!"
,Recommended,214560,21184864,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bulbasaur,"Mark of the Ninja is a brilliant, well-made 2d stealth game.I don't usually care much about indie games. but I admit, this one is one of best indie games I've ever playedWith beautiful artistic environment, great level-design, cool story and voice-acting, and deep gameplay.The Art reminds me a lot of 2003's TMNT show. The lighting system is a top-notch.The gameplay is fluid, with so many approaches to take, wheather you like going all-out or being a complete ghost.During the missions, you are given a set of side quests to complete, a scrolls and artifacts to collect for perfect results.You can also upgrade your Ninja to have more abilities which really proves useful, and upgrade your weapons and tools and establish more stylish strategy. Oh, and there are a number of outfits to use, each one has unique gameplay style for different goals.The game also offers a dozen of hidden challenge rooms in the missions, which are really fun and aren't really heavily cryptic.If you decided to get this game, i recommend getting the special edition as well.The extra mission provides more challenge taking your sword, you have to rely on different approaches than what you would get used to in the main game. Also, the new items are extremely useful and cool.And for something new to me, I actually had fun reading The Developer Commentary pages during my playthrough.Something i haven't done before. It was really an interesting and fun read, I've learnt many things and i can see how much the developers worked hard into this game. I salute you guys.Art: 9.5/10Music: 8.5/10Atmosphere: 9.5/10Story: 8/10Gameplay: 9.5/10Overal: 9/10 ""A Must-Play"""
,Recommended,214560,19282928,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,8th | Dovahjun,"I've played this game and now I really don't want to stop doing backflips, climbing walls and ceilings. Sad thing I'm fat and all of this will be done just in game."
,Recommended,214560,8634365,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,J0kE_r,"I always wanted to be a NInja. This game is pretty much the closest thing I have got to achieving this goal. The best bit about this game is it really makes you feel like a ninja, without the  use of fancy 3D, realistic graphics. Whether you want to be the stealthy, sneak-by everything ninja or the katana wielding meat grinder, this game will make you feel very Ninja-like. The stealth mechanics are some of the best I've ever seen, better than that in some 3d games, with great AI, multiple routes and the fact every move, every noise you make could be your downfall.This is only complimented by the art style, which is nothing short of beautiful. Factors like noise, enemy awareness and enemy vision are all clearly displayed in a neat way that doesn't detract from the art style at all. The Animations and cutscenes are excellent and while the story isn't brilliant, the gameplay more than makes up for it.So, if you are a fan of the stealth genre, do yourself a favour and buy this game, otherwise you are truly missing out on one of the best stealth games of this generation. 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,33222903,Posted: 4 July,all,Titanium Back,"If you're looking for a challenging yet rewarding stealth game, and are bored with the status quo brought about by games such as Assassin's Creed and Dishonored (both good series in their own rights), then Mark of the Ninja is one of the best purchases on the market.This game knows what it is: a stealth game, and so never tries to force the player into situations where they can't use this; it merely makes the player think of new ways to be stealthy - and there are always multiple ways to do so. If you want to kill this guy and his friend, you could:a. Hang one from a ceiling light and frighten the other into a position where you can jump on him with your dagger.or b. See that chandelier above them both? Throw a knife at it and see what happens!This game's comic art style brings forth childhood images of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the Batman, and any other hidden heroes you always wanted to be. Basically, if you like imaginative stealth gameplay, get this game!"
76561198078149919,Recommended,214560,25109601,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Art,A phenomenal stealth game that allows you to play it the way you want to. The freedom the developers give you coupled with how precise you can be makes this an enormously fun stealth game to play. The art and  animation is beautiful as well. I wish there was a sequel to this game. Serious post game depression right now.
,Recommended,214560,22208059,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,green screen turtles,"arkham ninja is the third install of the next batman game, play as batman in your fight to find the missing relics of some stupid ninjas found in this secret ninja society. they a joker a lot in this game so i have to give this a bad/alright, but regardless the control mechanics are feeling good"
,Recommended,214560,5376476,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Wungus Bringleton,"A great sidescrolling stealth adventure with a story oozing with twists and turns, Mark of the Ninja is the best stealth game since Chaos Theory."
,Recommended,214560,14469645,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,J1NROH,Played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this Game like Hotline Miami.KLEI entertainment should give us a sequel with a Level-Editor.
76561198031360417,Recommended,214560,4052959,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,merlin.mdnguyen,"This is a really awesome game with many different possabilities. There are multiple ways to get through each level. Either go in and kill everybody, or slip in unseen. Your choice. As you progress you can get more equipment and different costumes that have pros and cons that tailor to your play style. Great game worth every penny you spend."
,Recommended,214560,11609418,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Ziggy,"Amazing experience, beautiful art, awesome story. Would recommend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,214560,16090617,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,shrike_strike,"This is a very good stealth game for the fact that it's 2D. Yet, it manages an incredible sense of flow as a result of that, I think. If you like stealth and flash games, buy this. It's essentially a very polished flash game.That is all."
,Recommended,214560,16616299,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tancan,"Good animations, great game & level design, fluent game play, easy to learn but hard to finish!"
76561197988710251,Recommended,214560,16565161,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ballzy Babbler,"MotN is one of my favorite side-scrolling games hands down. The artwork is great, the controls are smooth, and the ability to use different outfits to change gameplay adds a ton of replay value. The stealth and detection mechanics are some of the best I've seen in games like this. If you like stealth and always wanted to be a ninja, here is a good place to start your training young grasshopper."
,Recommended,214560,8760971,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Azathoth,"Mark of the Ninja excels as a side scrolling 2D stealth game. The storyline isn't amazing , but that doesn't really matter here. The gameplay is great and you are in complete control of your environment. You can of course rush through a level, alerting everyone , but the beauty of this game is in surveying the surroundings and using the tools at your disposal to achieve perfection in every level.The upgrades arrive at a good pace and there is a variety of different tools and outfits you can use to play in a number of different ways. Sound plays a major part in the game, something that many stealth games seem to leave out. There are other collectibles you can find to extend the gameplay even further and a new game plus to increase the challenge again. The campaign itself is remarkably long for a game I considered a small arcade title.If you are a fan of stealth gameplay and if you especially miss games like Tenchu , then you have to pick this game up. The artwork, mechanics and re-playability make it completely worth it."
76561198049855240,Recommended,214560,8847241,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Supercowz,"Whether it's the optional course of action as in Deus Ex, or a necessary survival element as in Thief, stealth mechanics in games always add an exciting way to play that requires a player to think more tactfully than most game experiences.  In my exploration of such games, I have yet to come across one that accomplishes this is such a simple, yet successful manner as Mark of the Ninja.  Using an easy to understand system of darkness, distractions, and assassination, the surface level of it's gameplay does not have anything to make it stand out.  Rather than attempt to accomplish too much though, Mark of the Ninja demonstrates a seamless mastery of it's stealth system, and allows the player to approach it from many varying methods of completion.  While level objectives are static, the addition of varying skills, items, and costumes allow the player to adopt unique strategies to complete these in a variety of ways–whether that be through slaying guards, utilizing terror, or sneaking your way through every room.  Unfortunately the story falls short of the expectation set up by the rest of the game, but is engaging enough to push the game in the intended direction and motivate the player to complete missions.  Overall, Mark of the Ninja offers a fantastic change of pace that I would recommend to anyone remotely interested, and sets itself up as a benchmark for what  stealth games should strive to be."
,Recommended,214560,8827741,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mirriban,"This game really fills a niche I have been wanting filled since Tenchu! The gameplay is fantastic, and only gets more amazing each level. The multitude of ways to attack each situation is really incredible. I enjoyed leaving a blood bath in my wake, but you can avoid the guards etc. completely if you are stealthy enough. The upgrades and number of tools at your disposal really give you a solid sense of progression and lead to some tough decisions at the start of missions. Unlocking new suits has some really interesting effects and make you really think about what it is you are aiming to do, whether it be full stealth, or something in the middle, up to mass slaughter. The story is interesting, but the gameplay is why you must buy this game. 9/10 ."
,Recommended,214560,8125385,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Snus,"The best stealth game of the last years, perfectly combining elements of Thief, Splinter Cell and Metal Gear Solid into one amazing experience. Must play for every action/stealth fan."
76561197989798162,Recommended,214560,1235725,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,OK Val,"If you don't know me well, then you should know I don't pick favorites very well. It's just  difficult for me to call one thing best over another. I'm fickle like that.That having been said, Mark of the Ninja is my new favorite game. If you forced me to get rid of every game I have but one, I would keep this game. It's a side scrolling stealth game with magnificently hand-drawn artwork and a gripping story that is only as complex as it needs to be. This could easily be made into a movie that would be almost as good. Play this game to understand what perfection in design and execution truly is."
76561197971042520,Recommended,214560,26754858,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DeathDealer975,"This game was so much fun from beginning to end. So many different ways to play each level and take out your enemies.  Highly recommended!I used the SteamLink with my PS4 controller and everything worked perfectly.  FYI, the Circle/B button is what you need to press to pickpocket.  That’s the only thing that wasn’t very clear in the game.I enjoyed the game so much I immediately started a NG+ after beating it which is rare.  Usually I’m done with a game after beating it but I'm having fun being a completionist with the challenges and achievements."
76561198131139251,Recommended,214560,12090796,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Cousin Niko,"A trully amazing game. The various approaches you can make, give this game a high replayability. The stealth mechanic is brilliantly executed and gives the gameplay a fresh and sometimes a challenging aspect. The artwork is perfect for eye candy lovers and the enviroment gives you a feeling that you are within the game.A game I highly recommend to everyone. Simply a must play master-piece."
,Recommended,214560,34406036,Posted: 21 August,all,Sarin,"Are we rushin' in, or are we goin' sneaky beaky like?"
,Recommended,214560,27863974,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Modern Day Maharaja,One of the few games that gets stealth RIGHT.
76561198120594782,Recommended,214560,11794147,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Glajimator,As a fan of the stealth genre i have to admit that this is one of the best stealth games you will find.Stealth is a tricky aspect in video games and most of the times fails to be right.This game takes the best stealth aspects from many games and combines them flawlessly.It captures the feeling of ninja and the stealth aspects are amazing considering all the ways you have to act and each one feels unique thanks to the items and abilities the game provides you.Overall 9/10 this is a must have for stealth fans.
,Recommended,214560,19069139,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Olat,"Probably one the best games on Steam.I bought this game on sale for ~3$, but would recommend it at full price -it's worth every single cent!I usually don't like playing stealth games, but this one is different. Having played Shank and Shank 2 before and knowing Klei Entertainment is behind this game too I had thought that it would be a classic beat-em up sidescroller, but boy, was I wrong. You have to play smart and think like a ninja. If you go straight to face-2-face battle with the enemies chances are you'll get yourself killed in no time, but if you think and make a strategy you'll probably kill the foe with one mouse swipe.The graphics are awesome and the animation is very fluid. The game uses the same engine as the Shank series, which is a plus.All in all,Klei EntertainmentandMicrosoft Studiosdid a wonderful job with this one and any arcade/platformer/stealth game lover should have this gen in his/her library.10/10"
,Recommended,214560,13053364,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Virrx,Great game actually  portrays how Ninja's were unlike most of the games made trying to  portray a ninja 10/10
,Recommended,214560,9652,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,D!,"In Mark of the Ninja, you play as a hardworking family man who is living the American dream. On level 2, when your wife tasks you with taking out the recycling, the game takes a dark turn as you, the player, discovers on the door of your 4 bedroom suburban home the dreaded mark of the ninja. Ancient Japanese folklore states that those who once lived a dark path cannot escape their judgement among the gods, and it is the task of the order of the ninja to mark such people and bring them to justice. In levels 3-10 you proceed to dodge the ninja's attempts on your life such as while waiting in line at the grocery or having to outrun the ninja while you're getting your license renewed at the department of motor vehicles while still having to perform up-to-par as a driver to the ministry's expectations. Narratively, the game is very interesting, as the player discovers more about their dark past and wrestles with mature themes such as forgiveness and regret.While the mark of the ninja is very dangerous to get in real life, don't be afraid to get the mark of the ninja on steam, you'll be safe from the ninja on steam."
,Recommended,214560,2277715,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Bassam,"It boggles my mind how a 2D game manages to set the bar way too high for the stealth games out there, do yourself a favor and buy this game"
,Recommended,214560,30089604,Posted: 21 February,all,Willzon,Best stealth game ever made.
,Recommended,214560,11773668,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,joemercado13,I love the stealth in this game. It's so easy to play with the keyboard and the art style is perfect! Definitely a buy.
,Recommended,214560,11069689,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,72amadia,Simple 2D strategy game. A lot of animation and learnable skills. I've been play it for 6 hours n it's addictive. really worth it with the price. Would be better if u can play it Co-Op and add more puzzle elements in this game :DI hope I can see game similar like this in Next-Gen graphics and 3D if it possible with the same game mechanics :D
,Recommended,214560,8561240,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RATT,"When you buy an upgrade, it says, ""OWNED"" 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,20141061,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,"New Player, Be Nice","It's hard to write this review other than saying, ""Just buy it!""I got it for $4.49 with the special edition package during the Winter Sale. If I had known about this game before hand, I would have paid full price; it's that good.My Impression:I walked in expecting of a 2D stealth-action game with great mechanics and a fair amount of freedom with each level. This offered that. I expected to be able to stealth around a platformer as a ninja and kill my opponents. This offered that. It met my expectations.Positive:+ Best in genre of 2D stealth games+ Great graphics+ Great mechanics with different ways of killing your opponents+ Different builds you can use (it's possible to beat any map with an build, whatever suits your style)+ Strategy involved in using objects and builds to kill you opponents+ Replayability with the scoring of each ""chapter""Cons:- The story starts off slow- Have to finish the game to appreciate the storyReason for 10/10:Lack of an immersive story9/10Recommended to anyone who just wants to have fun. It's been awhile since a game was just fun to me. Most are actually fun but usually have sort of grind mechanic which can reduce how much I enjoy the game. This game keeps me entertained and wanting more. Easy recommendation."
76561198070695980,Recommended,214560,13084015,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Transcendent,The only con I was able to think of about this game is that the story line is generally short. Game is still highly re-playable however.This review is also short.Get this game.
,Recommended,214560,11807540,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,fb//Marcus Antonius,"A surprisingly deep(in terms of gameplay) stealth 2D platformer. I recommend getting this game if you are a fan of making guards so terrified that they♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants, and kill their comrades with ""friendly"" fire."
,Recommended,214560,12018588,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Carmelo Caballero,"Hell friggin' yeah!This oughta be my favorite stealth game ever and I'm gonna explain in a few lines why I love it so much. First off, its art style reminds me of cartoon TV shows I used to enjoy watching through my childhood years, like Avatar and many Cartoon Network-based shows, so that's a big plus for me. Then the gameplay - the controls are very responsive, its mechanics aren't hard to get a hold of, every level feels like a bit of something new and there's mostly always several options to deal with any problem that the player has to face so the game never gets boring. Manipulating, terrorizing and executing enemies is pretty satisyfing, and many different execution moves and several animations for each make sure that killing people doesn't become a tedious chore. Checkpoints aren't scarce and shops are always accessible in case the player wants to switch loadouts mid-mission. Exploration feels rewarding thanks to the side-objectives that every mission has and as well as the goodies that can be found at distant parts of any level, like challenge rooms. The soundwork is freakin' A, especially the soundtrack which is remarkable and very memorable. Finally, the game has a nice ammount of achievements and their cool names and fantastic icons make it particularly pleasing whenever one of them gets unlocked and pops up on the player's screen during the play.I'm aiming to touch up on this text once I get the Special Edition DLC but I hope that even at its current state it's quite evident from my review that this game is a fantastic title and very much worth the buy."
,Recommended,214560,19045855,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Mark of the Ninja was a pleasant surprise that provided me with a great deal of entertainment for only a pittance (around $3). It stars a Ninja imbued with enchanted tattoos that give him special powers but also curse him with increasing madness, whose goal is to complete a mission of assassination and then take his own life before he loses the last remnants of his sanity.The graphics and music are all appropriately ninja-themed which really helps to draw you into the overall atmosphere of the game. Most characters are fairly well animated for 2d and I was impressed by the level of effort put into the cinematics between levels (they had kind of a Samurai Jack vibe). The game also features helpful sound cues for when enemies are moving around in other rooms and for when you have been seen.Since this is intended as a stealth game, gameplay consists of you finding your way through each level while avoiding detection and removing any obstacles, human or otherwise. Many of the areas had multiple routes that sometimes took me in completely different directions which I thought was a nice touch and added to overall replay-ability. Of course, it wouldn’t be a ninja game if you didn’t also have an array of ninja tools to deal with pesky enemies and inconvenient light sources. Besides your darts, you also have methods of distraction and extermination, and can customize your loadout at various points denoted by a hanging flag in each level. You will only have a few abilities at the start of the game, but you can unlock more by completing bonus challenges, finding secrets, and completing objectives.The only gripe I have with Mark of the Ninja is that the controls can be a little quirky at times especially when moving between horizontal and vertical planes with contextual button commands. This wasn’t really a big deal but it did take me until near the end of the game before I finally got used to it. The game is also a bit short, but considering how cheap it is that’s not really a problem.So, if you’re in the mood for a stealth-action ninja-themed game, try picking this one up. You might end up just as pleasantly surprised as I was!"
,Recommended,214560,28363715,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mr Gardiner,"Firstly, its a good gameHowever, im a completionist and want to 100% the game.I can't because I need to buy a DLC for it.Yeah, you need to buy the special editon DLC to be able to 100% the game.It only costs $5, but that is not the point of this rant.The point is, if you have achievements that require a DLC then make then part of the DLC not the base game.Rant over."
76561198096532480,Recommended,214560,26743860,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,fevid,"Brilliant, Simply I Don't Like Stealth and Challenging Games but This Game is So Great that Makes Me Play!!"
,Recommended,214560,11786181,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Bea,I've always wanted to be a ninja.So I became one in this game.Good storyline and gameplay.10/10
,Recommended,214560,11632702,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,LemmingRush,Not many bad things to say about this game.  You hide in the shadows then brutally cram a sword into cartoony guards.  Blood soaked fun for the whole family.  Unfortunantly it isn't better than sex.
76561198080152550,Recommended,214560,12715225,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ＮＥＴＳＣＡＰＥ,I can't think of one negative thing to say about this game. GET IT.
76561198079833112,Recommended,214560,11749379,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SlutSlayer,"i be like, sneaky. ya know?"
76561198153586290,Recommended,214560,24474142,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Spartan112,"Now I love stealth games and this one takes the cake of one of the best out there to anyone who like to be a sneaky ninja and the thing is, you are a ninja in this game and you can walk in the shadows and kill people or sneak past them, not to mention that the art style is different from other sneak games and thats what I like is the different direction so get this game."
,Recommended,214560,28121645,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Heiki,"A arcade-stealth combination with excellent detail but somewhat tired, cliche story. Recommended with DLC - 7/10Mark of the Ninja takes side-scrolling arcade mechanics, emphasizes the stealth possibilities, places them inside a boyish story of ninjas, mercenaries and bandits in fantastic, cartoony landscapes of Japan, Central Europe and Middle East.I wouldn't consider this a pure stealth game. Sure, patience and careful observation of the environment are necessary, but there are many places where speedy thumbwork on the controller is necessary. My personal tastes lean towards the former but the combination is still appealing.After completing the campaign the levels can be replayed with some visual aids toned down. Although I've only started this now (the initial completion of the campaign took about 15-16 hours), I like it somewhat more than the starting mode. I now have the freedom to try out either more direct combat modes or pure 'ghosting' levels.The DLC fleshes the story out more and adds director's commentary. I like this kind of 'behind the scenes' stuff and would recommend it as well as the main game. I have to say I bought the game at a discount, but I think it's worth the full price. The DLC, perhaps, is better got at a discount."
,Recommended,214560,16304714,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Wince,"1st:A game from Klei.2nd:Mostly*mean it all. (almost ; )3rd:One of the game i got the most fun playing it.Play it and enjoy the hell out of it, don't and feel the shame on you xDr.4th:Back to first rule ; ).*moslty, wich mean 90% of time ... anyway 90% is a good ratio overall nowdays xDr"
76561198040024328,Recommended,214560,4628690,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,The vintage feeling,"General info~Genre: Platform, stealth~Number of players: 1~Completion time: 6-15 hours~Downloadable content: availableStrong points+Stealth at its best (Hide into shadows, avoid flashes of thunders, hide bodies, confuse watchdogs, play mind tricks with the guards, disable electric devices, etc.)+High replay value (each costume adds a different play style)+Voice acting and music (just hear that sword slashing your enemies' flesh)+Challenging (as you progress enemies become more potent)+Useful ninja tools (including smoke bombs and flesh eating bugs)+An indie game equal to AAA titles+PriceWeakness-Downloadable content of minor valueMy rating5/5TheNinja Scrollof video games. It wouldn't be an overstatement to number it among the top 5 stealth games of all time."
76561198084425999,Recommended,214560,32204456,Posted: 5 June,all,abellyons,Amazing stealth.Get it when its on sale.8/10
,Recommended,214560,3821410,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,alpasy,"Awesome gameplay, very beautiful 2D graphics and settings, compelling story, engaging level designs and riddles, 10/10, GOTY!"
76561198008744543,Recommended,214560,9836490,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Philip Marlowe,"Spectacular and innovative indie game with a unique stealth game mechanic designed for a 2D environment.  Its artistic setting and dark themes belie a post-cyberpunk atmosphere.The optional DLC is a full-length campaign, stars a new ninja with his own fighting style; comes with optional commentary from the indie devs themselves.Shadowrun: Dragonfall(Indie!),Strider, andMark of the Ninja(Indie!) are my favorite games!  All highly recommended, 10/10!"
,Recommended,214560,11621312,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,EffingFancy,"Great stealth game. lots of complex elements to consider.However, lacks some polish you would expect."
76561198035559561,Recommended,214560,11624922,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Feeshman,"So well done. This is one of the best stealth games ive ever played. The detection system is all visual. The Art is awesome, and it really makes you feel like a ninja. The campaign is a little short for 15 bucks but its worth it."
76561198043375613,Recommended,214560,13097764,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Inoto,"Mark of the Ninja is the best stealth game I have found on Steam. It succeeds on all levels of qualification: challenge, story, playability, variability, and replayability. My only regret is that it isn't longer."
76561198113802012,Recommended,214560,12906700,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,rbond62000,Great game. Love playing it.
76561197994897519,Recommended,214560,13087159,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aesop,"Unbelievable for what you pay for it. Customize your loadout and walk through environment puzzles, all the while being either super sneaky or hack-and-slashy. I  loved it so much I played through the regular game twice - once without a sword. I'll probably end up getting the DLC."
,Recommended,214560,13121283,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jeckerson,One of the best stealth game!Feel like a true ninja!
,Recommended,214560,19128610,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,xX_Tankguy_Xx,VERY GREAT ART STYLE AND STORY TELLING GAME.11/10 - Please make more game like this KLEIAlso  # Worth second playthrough on New game plus Difficulty
,Recommended,214560,1341356,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Zagran,one of the best stealth games !!! highly recommended !!
,Recommended,214560,10308350,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,KosmiKhroniK,Best ninja game in history to date!!!
,Recommended,214560,9612628,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dhat Guy,"This is truely one of the most awesome 2D platform games I've ever played, the stealth mechanics are awesome.I actually played each level twice, first as ""everyone must die"", and then as ""no-one should die"". I even bought the DLC and did another play through to read all the developer commentary.One of the only games I completed 100% of the achievements."
76561197979720794,Recommended,214560,8399108,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,.Fr[0]zen,Best stealth game ever. Period.
,Recommended,214560,8466697,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cloud,This game is immensely enjoyable. It does stealthright- It doesn't try to force you into fighting if you don't want.  It knows what it is - a great 2D stealth action game.
76561198023039094,Recommended,214560,8511492,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Walt,Absolute quality game. The art style is amazing and so is the gameplay! Definite recommendation from me!
,Recommended,214560,8500827,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Icel,"This is one of the best games I ever played. Gorgeous art style, addicting mechanics. One of the only game I can remember when I wanted to go back and complete levels on 100%."
,Recommended,214560,8601813,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,cbrosty,Bought this during the winter sale. It's a lot of fun!
,Recommended,214560,8547987,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Gicobi,My balls were moist.
76561197961153586,Recommended,214560,8596450,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Eddie Van Blundht,Fun game.
76561198070967321,Recommended,214560,8615297,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Gaezerbeam,This was an amazing stealth game to play.  I also liked that the achievements were obtainable yet still challenging.  That makes it more fun to try and complete all of those.
76561198025296666,Recommended,214560,8615428,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Guyman McDudestuff,i heard you thought you reloaded save states a lot in bethesda games or system shock 2
,Recommended,214560,11841803,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Sahasrahla,"I highly recommend this game. There are many ninjas in gaming, but this one gives the most accurate portrayal of a ninja I've seen. The point of the ninja is to remain hidden, killing only as a last resort and this game rewards that. This is a great platformer, and a great stealth game by all measures."
,Recommended,214560,11897330,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,GingerGod98,"What a game! At first I didn't think this game would be that good but I was completely wrong!This game is very enjoyable from start to finish. Essentially it's a 2D side-scrolling stealth game made by the devs who made Shank. Mark of the Ninja is very similar visual wise with its 2D cartoon graphics.The game's weakness is in the story. It isn't very interesting or good in general throughout the game. There are 2 endings to the game, none of which are particularly satisfying. However, story aside, the gameplay is what makes this game great. When you complete the game you unlock a new game plus mode which allows you to play the game again but it is much more challenging - at least that's what it says anyway, I haven't actually tried it out.Mark of the Ninja was released in 2012 however I only bought it about a week ago when it was 80% off on steam. It's definitely one of the best games I've played this year (albeit I haven't played many) and I highly recommend it.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,11936640,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Cheeseguy,"SHORT REVIEW: Awesome game in a genre that a lot of other games do wrong! It's something different that I've never played or even seen before. With the wonderful artstyle from Klei, genius stealth mechanics and satisfaction after every carefully planned kill; it's something worth checking out because not alot of games deliver this kind of genre. 9/10"
76561198044497719,Recommended,214560,10202190,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,DeadlySpike,"This game, from the same people that brought you Shank, marks a few steps forward for 2D stealth gaming. The entire experience is solid from start to finish, and there's plenty here for fans of replayability. Sneaking around, stabbing guards, deploying distractions, and ninja-like acrobatics all feel very tight and appropriately badass. There are plenty of cool gadgets to use, upgrades to earn for skilled play, and lots of secrets to sniff out. Both lethal and non-lethal playstyles have options, and there's even a harder New Game Plus for those brave enough to prove their ninja skills.Essentially, this game is a must-buy for fans of Klei Entertainment or fans of stealth games in general. Controller HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,214560,7766538,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Salith,"I wasn't overly taken with their previous games (Shank 1 & 2), but I suppose I was a little biased as this was my first introduction to the developers.This is how to do a 2D platforming stealth game with assassinations and distractions galore (or not, depending how you want to play). Most of the levels can be completed without ever being seen or having to kill, but there are a few areas where that isn't really a choice. This doesn't make the game feel cheap though, it just makes those stages feel more perilous."
76561198003431900,Recommended,214560,11958004,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,KebertXela,When you start playing you cant stop!! This game is great to play through many times since you can complete each level a different way. Play a level killing all the gaurds then do it again and try not to kill any of them!!! Its just challenging enough to keep you enticed and fun enough to play all day!!
76561198074979606,Recommended,214560,11830368,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,THicc Daddy,Fun and very rewarding if you can complete the challenges. If would recomened this game to mostly anyone.
,Recommended,214560,12117116,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Mr.2k9,"This game is all about weed. As you progress, you infuse more and more of the weed into your body via the tattoo so you get high all the time. By the way you also will get one hot girlfriend. BEST GAME EVER!!!P/S: Kill the master so you can always be with your ""hot girlfriend"" forever ;)"
76561198011211590,Recommended,214560,12068705,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Gorno,"I'm not normally a fan of 2D platformers.  However, Mark of The Ninja not only fulfills my appetite for stealth games, it also merits a great deal of respect from me.  Thumbs up!  Worth playing multiple times and playing again a year later."
,Recommended,214560,8580157,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,PhaZ 90771,"This is one of the few stealth games I've played that doesn't have frustration spikes. The game rewards you for not being detected, but it is lax enough, so it doesn't get counted as soon as someone sees you. Drawing the enemies can be used to alter the situation to your benefit. The game also rewards you for either killing everyone or not killing anyone, since you get a bonus for not killing anyone. Anyways, there are a lot of good and interesting things this game brings to the stealth game genre that I haven't noted here, and I encourage anyone who likes the genre to get this game."
,Recommended,214560,19216436,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,zaganos,+
76561198259075823,Recommended,214560,19186925,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Viktor Petrovič,This game is very addictive and the artwork is simply amazing! 5+
,Recommended,214560,19173152,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Cytosphere,"MuahahahhahhahhAfter finishing this game, i felt badass and hungry to play morebase on my opinion, this is my feedbackGameplay: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Story line: 8/10Difficulty: 6/10 (Not too hard)Bugs: 1/10 (Just a small bugs)That was all itI recommend this game to everybody to play thisrecommend people that loves storyline, slow wifi's, and just searching for funthat was all itchao"
,Recommended,214560,233436,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Hanaghan ☭,an absolute side-scrolling gem. Don't miss it!
,Recommended,214560,19157364,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sunflower,E'Yup. This is a good game. :) 8/10
76561198050084897,Recommended,214560,11742299,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Smallgod,Best game I've played in a long time. It's so well made and achieves the awesomeness of a stealth game with simplicity. I really felt compelled to 100% each level but didn't feel like I was wading through it each time
76561198060013216,Recommended,214560,18937902,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Kecak,"This game was all I expected it to be, and more ! I read some reviews and knew it was a nervous infiltration ninja game. I also knew the story wasn't so bad and the art pretty cool.All of this was true, and more. The game was super fun to play, the levels are deep and engaging, it rewards exploration and trying to navigate your ways out of all the danger is always possible, but makes you think a lot.The best part was that if you think and try to act like a true ninja, it might work, even in your first run. Being cautious is rewarded, but acting and thinking quickly also.Only flaw might be that killing guards and other ennemies is highly encouraged, storywise it makes perfect sense, you get points for it and hidding the bodies too. You get a no kill bonus at the end of the stage if you successfully kill no one, but it's much more fun and if you kill 10 ennemies properly, you get more points at the end anyway.So that's the only flaw, not too bad I guess.You unlock super cool new skins that grants you new powers and really change the flow of your gameplay. For instance, the tatoo skin lets you teleport nightcrawler like, and it's so cool !!! Another one lets you run without making any sounds and gives you more gadgets, but you can't kill anyone anymore, so this is the best way to get those smooth runs you're looking for.The art is perfect, think samurai jack but better looking. The story really got me hooked, and the ending is simply perfect.It's a short game, you'll see the end in 10 hours, but to unlock everything might take some more of your time.In conclusion, Mark of the Ninja is exactly what it sets out to be, a fun, fast paced infiltration game with a great aesthetic, and more !"
,Recommended,214560,19115773,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,CS-mashine mk. I,"This game is perfect. I really enjoyed playing it. If you like stealth games and playing around with enemies or hard stealthing - this game is for you. Gameplay is awesome, there are many options how to get levels done and there is also an rpg element. recommended by 11/10 ninjas"
,Recommended,214560,19290153,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,WalrussenMan,nice stealth game
,Recommended,214560,16708453,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"A nice little stealth arcade game, pretty easy though but it's very fun, I'd recommend it to any arcade, stealth, ninjas fans.8.5/10"
,Recommended,214560,8508913,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Demolition Kane,"Possibly one of my favourite games ever. A fantastic entry in the stealth genre. Great game mechanics, visuals, story. 10/10"
76561198058885844,Recommended,214560,8499896,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,♕NaturalBornKilla♕,10/10 This is easily the best stealth game I have ever played.
,Recommended,214560,8401621,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Leon,"The best stealth killing game ever played! And the story is very good, it suprised me in the end!"
,Recommended,214560,1362636,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Shrike,"If you like stealth, you'll love Mark of the Ninja.  Its treatment of all the necessary mechanics for a solid stealth game is spot on.  The visible representation of sound and lines of sight empowers the player to make informed choices.  Movement controls are weighty and reliable.  Abilities and gadgets unlock throughout the game, giving a nice sense of progression, and all are useful for a given playstyle.  Skillful kills are satisfying, messy kills are punished with excessive noise, and non-lethal playthroughs are possible (except for story-related kills) and challenging.  New game plus adds extra challenge for those who want to go the extra mile.  I wasn't much of a fan of Shank, but Mark of the Ninja puts Klei on my radar permanently."
,Recommended,214560,8632883,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ninya,"This game might be a bit short, but it still has a great story (which makes you think, believe it or not!) The main characters from the ninja clan are especially memorable. I also love the art style they use, it's just so welcoming and different from most games these days. 9/10 for me. :)"
,Recommended,214560,8611830,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,etitterud,"I loooooooove this game. The ability to use different play styles and the great animations for deaths and what not are all just great. I am not sure that I really enjoyed the commentary dlc that much since you have to play the game to read it and when I play the game I mainly just want to keep playing it, not stop and read. Audio commentary would be better. Any way, the main game rules, the dlc level rules, and you should totally get this."
,Recommended,214560,8599863,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,521,"This is such a great game. It has great a stealth mechanic, great replay value, And awesome visuals.I highly recommend getting this game when its on sale. Because it's a total steal with a game this good."
76561198068849412,Recommended,214560,8627259,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[89th]Zargon,"Great game! However I wish there was more content, it didn't take me long to complete evrything."
,Recommended,214560,8587011,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[IOP] Deathj0ker,"Very nice game, looks and feels like Shank 2 but with a few improvements.Recommend it!"
,Recommended,214560,8583063,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Womblebat,"Definitely one of the best indie games out there. Very well throught out, beautiful art style, excellent controls. Successfully sneaking past enemies feels so rewarding. There are so many options on how to complete levels and hours of replay value. I loved every second of it and dived into the DLC with gusto. Would recommend this game to anyone and everyone. Well worth the price, and if you get it on sale, even better."
,Recommended,214560,8678779,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,xXGrampsXx420,The best ninja simulator since turtles in time.
76561198056308449,Recommended,214560,8649317,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,SketKh,"This game was great, I never really liked stealth that much in games, not disliked, just prefered other playstyles, so when Mark of the Ninja came up on steam sale I was unsure however the other glowing reviews swayed it. The cartoon style immediately put me off; how can you have a serious stealth game when it looks like a childrens program? But after the first bloody kill I was won over. The cartoon style works, it may not be your favorite but you'll soon get over it with gameplay as engaging as this is, however you want to play the game you will find it rewarding. Whether you wish to leap over heads not hurting a fly or wish to leave a trail of death and destruction in you're wake the game gives you points which in turn can be used to unlock various things; either equipment or abilities. That is another aspect of the game I love, the upgrades, while none of them completely change your character you can use various combinations to result in a very different playing experience. The story isn't brilliant but heck you can't expect them to get everything right! GIve this game a go, I promise you won't be disapointed"
,Recommended,214560,243260,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,Lord Weh,"Mark of the Ninja is a slick and stylish stealth action platformer.You infiltrate and assassinate your way through 12 gorgeously designed levels. The art is beautiful and the animations are slick. There is a range of environments, each with stunning vibrant parallax scrolling backgrounds offsetting the generally monochrome foreground.You start out with a relatively simple set of moves, introducing you to how stealth works in the game; Enemies have vision cones, moving quickly makes sound which draws enemies, you can hide behind environmental objects like vases and dumpsters, slipping through vents and setting up ambushes.The game slowly increases your equipment and move set (all of which can be customised) as you play. Each level has challenges for you to attempt, each of which unlocks a token you can spend on upgrading your gear. Complete enough of certain challenge types will unlock new costumes which include a gear restriction or boon. For example, completing 3 'Terror' challenges unlocks a gear set that makes you run without making any noise, but you lose your sword, forcing you to a fast and non-lethal playstyle.The story is relatively simplistic, but presented in short stylized cutscenes that work well. The story has a twist with a choice at the end, but it is nothing earth-shattering and not really the focus of the experience. The joy here is in the gameplay, the smooth controls (even if playing with a keyboard and mouse) and the art.After completion you unlock a new game plus mode, which increases the number of guards and increases the difficulty."
,Recommended,214560,8923635,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,NACHO,"So fun for a cheap little game. Basically perfect for what it is,  first runthrough takes a good few hours to complete and not too boring that you wouldnt try the New Game+. Nice art, phsyics, smooth running and no problems so definitely recommend."
,Recommended,214560,718852,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Sephir,Best Klei's effort and one of the most enjoyable stealth games ever made. You'll have really a blast by playing it!
76561197983196977,Recommended,214560,8937512,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Authority,"At first the game is a little hard to get into, but this is mostly attributed to a lack of items to utilize in the early levels. Once you finish the first few levels and start unlocking new equipment the game takes a giant leap forward in the versatility of playstyles offered. It took me a  solid 20hours of gameplay for the first run through to unlock everything, afterwards you can start a new game plus with a higher degree of difficulty. A surprisingly strong point of the game was it's story, incredibly well written and executed. Overall I have to say this game is worth full price, special addition included, perhaps even more. A lot of care went into this game and you can feel it at every turn. It has definitely earned a place as one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,214560,8862684,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,delahmed,"Im a huge splinter cell / metal gear solid / stealth games fan and i loved this game. yes its 2d, but I try and get the higest scores on each level, so you spend ages looking at each scenario and seeing how you can get the max score out of the situation. there are loads of levels and ive put at least 50-60 hours in it so far and i only just completed it.... albeit a lot of that time was on idling....10/10. glad i picked it up on the steam sale for a couple of quid."
,Recommended,214560,8577191,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,A Troubled Child,Way too much fun. Incredibly in-depth for a 2d platformer.
,Recommended,214560,1568775,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"*INITIAL IMPRESSIONS*I'll be the first one to admit, I don't have much of a mind for stealth games (Dishonored being the only stealth game I well and truly enjoyed), Mark of the Ninja is a hardcore stealth title. There is no actual combat, meaning if the player is spotted then you have to run, hide and accept the penalty to your final score.I like the concept of sticking to the shadows and utilizing the environment to move from point to point to avoid being seen, the player can climb to higher areas, hide in vents, duck behind cover or create a distraction to keep out of the sightlines of the patrolling guards. What I dislike about MotN is how the kills are managed, utilizing one of my greatest gaming pet-peeves, quick-time events. When you approach an enemy and click on them to begin your attack, the game will give you a split-second warning to slide your mouse either to the left or the right, a successful attempt will give you a silent assassination while failure to complete the event will end up making a lot of noise and attracting nearby guards. (This is especially bad if you're like me and you can never immediately figure out left from right on the spot. Don't you DARE judge me)."
76561198095830289,Recommended,214560,13047838,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MEMLY QUINN,Truly a masterpiece!!! Stealth done right!!! Stealth at its finest!!! Highly recommended!!!
,Recommended,214560,8735431,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Nimrod,"Mark of the Ninja is a truly satisfying game; in story, style and gameplay it doesn't fail to impress.The story is mainly presented through cutscenes, or given out as monologues by your companion, but for the exploring ninjas there are extra tastes of backstory in the form of scrolls hidden in every level. The plot itself isn't complex, but is engaging, original and well written.Graphically, Mark of the Ninja offers some beautifully crafted levels. From the home of the ninja clan with its arching bridges, majestic halls and peaceful gardens; to the windswept ruins of a desert city where the ground is littered with traps and the high perches are home to mercenary snipers.MotNs stealth-based gameplay is well integrated with the artistic style, where shadows are your friend but so is a brightly lit chandelier - when an enemy chances upon a body left below it, and a single throwing knife turns the chandelier into a weapon. With the tools available, you've got a huge amount of freedom in both how you achieve your goals and make your way around the levels. You'll find yourself experimenting with ways to take out enemies or just distract them, even."
,Recommended,214560,11611073,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Lord Grelkath,"Great game. Tons of fun, if you enjoy being a sneaky-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198119705757,Recommended,214560,12752745,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,pyrolover01,This game is a lot of fun and is fresh original adventure
,Recommended,214560,12756678,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,helicopter,The only side effect of inhaling this game through your nostrils is that you may experience periods of rage due to the difficulty of some parts.This game is dank as hell and you should pick it up if you haven't already.0/10 IGN - Unique formula and interesting art style; doesn't pander to mouthbreathers.
,Recommended,214560,13004951,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Hadji (No Food),yeah it's okay.
76561198037348473,Recommended,214560,13049791,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,pacu,Lots of puzzle fun with great animation. Much more engrossing than I expected and it's been hours of fun so far.
,Recommended,214560,12702321,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Will da Great,"There are stealth games, games where you have to be sneaky, and games where you are an actual ninja. Stealth games usually boil down into shooty mcshooty pants, with period periods where you die instantly if you mess up. This game isn't like that, you're a ninja, ninja are not fighters, they don't fight. Nijas are killers, they kill. And that's what you do here.Most stealth games suck ballsBut there is one pleasesMark of the Ninja"
,Recommended,214560,12749650,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Wheat (Jacob),"Mark of the Ninja;+ Art style+ Story+ Different paths+ Suits to suit your play-style+ Animations+ Ninja's- Voice acting not that good- A bit pricey for a 2D scrollerOverall, this game is Amazing with a great art style, but get it when it's on sale."
76561198043730957,Recommended,214560,12810222,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Shadowshark,"Mark of the ninja is a simple side scroller with an insanely good Gameplay and brilliant story. In Gameplay you can choose to go stealthy and avoid enemies or go for a more direct approach with wicked assassination moves. The game has just one downside on which I can comment. It lacks innovation. Yes the game has an awesome story, fun GamePlay and you  will probably enjoy the game if you play it but it doesn’t bring anything new to the table. Everything you see in this game was done before and because of all I stated above the game is getting a 7/10."
76561198111951805,Recommended,214560,12880916,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Asclepius,"While this game has amazing gameplay, with a driven story.  I found that when it came to the decision making aspects of the game it felt weak.  Especially the end.  Overall I would still reccomend getting this game if you are at all a 2D game fan.  It played very smooth and the level design did allow for some freedom in how to deal with situations the character is put in.  All of this being said the biggest downfall, by far, is the weak feel of the game; it did not feel as fluid as i expected it to feel."
,Recommended,214560,13133977,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,MJC,"A great stealth game with interesting story, great replay value and good challenges."
76561198081080726,Recommended,214560,12710036,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lmcutter,it is much more fun than it loooks
76561198087643219,Recommended,214560,12811135,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Ryden,"At first glance i thought it was going to be a boring platformer, then when I bought it i found out that it has to be one  of the best stealth/platformer games i have ever played. This game is highly recommended!"
76561198003798325,Recommended,214560,2192718,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Nosgard,"A fun indie stealth game with light platforming. Definetly enjoyed it myself, so much that i'm Lping it on my youtube channel: NosgardSC and getting all 9/9 honor for each level (100% run). So if you want to buy it, but aren't quite their yet.check out the guide for a vid or two and get a proper feel for what its all about.So yah, this is both a recomendation and a shameless self-promotion. ;)"
76561197996269520,Recommended,214560,10750444,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Rafaell_sm,"One of the most fun and engaging game I have played in recent years.It sure fills up the void in my heart for trully stealth games.The game is so good that, even though I don't bother with achievements and side quests, I was compelled to try and complete all levels' special missions.Definitely worth a buy."
76561197974500703,Recommended,214560,9589194,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Archiesque,A remarkably good stealth game.Good range of items and abilities with enough restriction on how many or what type you can bring to keep it interesting.
,Recommended,214560,11568881,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,fezir,"Fantastic 2D stealth platformer.  The gameplay mechanics are original and intuitive.  The story seemed bland and unoriginal at first but I was pleasantly surprised at how it turned around near the middle and evolved into a moral dilemma for which either side could be argued.The game is a good length too; I was able to beat the main story in about 9 hours.  There's a great amount of replayability thanks to each level's goals, the extra unlockables, and the more difficult story mode replay which is unlocked after beating the main story.  I was able to manage with KB+M controls but I preferred using a controller (as is usually the case with me).Highly recommended, even at full price."
76561198048583166,Recommended,214560,5365173,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Unbound,Scrumtrulescent!
,Recommended,214560,17666,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,dm_,"Best stealth game I've ever played. Awesome art style, exciting, fun, tense. Gameplay just feels so great. Lots of replay value if you're into collectibles and 100% completion. Just an incredibly good game."
76561198039522115,Recommended,214560,20955535,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Agent Dick Gill,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played. The controls are very fluid and tight, the game has a good amount of replay value also, it was fun to play through again with different suits to complement even sneakier or more aggressive play styles.Don't sleep on this if you are at all interested in platformers or stealth games!"
,Recommended,214560,20407271,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Zerobin,"I recommend it to buy it on sale.Great game and story!8,5/10"
,Recommended,214560,16569158,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,FlashPie,"RECOMMENDATION-(Yes/No & Why):-Yes,The game story is awesome and you should get this game with the dlc because the dlc completes the story and its cheap.INTRODUCTION:-Mark of the Ninja was released in mid 2012 originally for the Xbox Live Arcade and eventually released on Steam. It is a 2D side scrolling Stealth game which delivers gameplay which heavily emphasizes stealth combat (either Lethal or Non-Lethal). It has then received several critical acclaim from both players and critics alike.-The player takes on the role of ""The Marked One"", an unnamed Ninja from the Hisomu Clan during the modern (relatively futuristic) world. After a massive attack by a heavily armed and technologically superior mercenary group on your home Dojo, the Marked One awakens to find himself tagged by mysterious tattoos which grant him unrivaled skills and ability. Use this new found powers to drive away the invaders and uncover their plans.PROS:+ Nice quality graphics specially for a 2D Game+ Very Well Made Stealth mechanic+The Soundtracks are very asian style and that´s pretty cool.+ Good character progression that accomodate different playstylesm like you can use playstyle like killing with sword,bare hand knockout or just sneak pass them.+Nice Puzzles plus there is Challenge Rooms hidden in each levels.+ High replay value+ Mission objectives can be approached and completed in multiple ways plus the map level is very big.CONS:- The Controls are a little messy but when you get to the third level you get used to it .- Some puzzles are repetitive and frustrating-No Level Editor-No non-lethal option for Bosses-No Workshop-No MultiplayerConclusion:-The Game is awesome and you should pick it with the dlc ,this game delievers one of the best ninja stealth experiences in 2D Version plus the soundtracks ,animations and graphics are pretty cool.If you like stealth games like this one you should really pick it at sale or even in full price 100% worth it buying .Note: If you wish to correct anything in this review add me but first read my profile."
,Recommended,214560,20735607,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,vlad d,Staealth paradise. Does more than i expected it to; worth the money!
,Recommended,214560,14537552,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"Mark of the ninja is hands down one of the best platformers out there. It spoke a lot and I am reviewing it after playing it for quite a while. Nowadays, Platformers are the most approachable genres for developers, the way I see it and it is hard to tell which is more innovative and it is harder for the developers to innovate because there are so many ideas out there already. Mark of the ninja broke that boundary and provided us with a simple concept and great writing. The story was engaging to say the least and I cant imagine someone nowadays missing out on it. Get it and you will have a great time."
,Recommended,214560,12988701,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BluewindAF,"Great 2D platformer. Why? Animations are fluid, items are unique and allow for different solutions in each map, and the art style is very memorable. Gameplay mechanics are awesome too. For example: sound is represented as light blue circles that eventually reach the enemies, and you can use sounds to your advantage.You can sprint and jump over a guard that was previously looking away, but while you're in mid-air, he turns and you land behind him. Just doing that gives me the satisfaction of playing like a ninja. It's definitely worth your time.Rating: 9/10. It's a fantastic game. I can guarantee you won't regret buying it."
,Recommended,214560,8380321,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Boodor85,"This is the first Klei game I ever played, and my GABEN was it good. Mark of the Ninja is a Stealth Platformer, and  it features a rather heavy emphasis on creatively killing your foes and hiding their bodies. Of course, since you're a ninja, you have various tools at you disposal, but your main weapon is your katana. You use it for executions (which involve pushing the control stick in one direction and pushing a button) and you can use it to finish off any foes you may have done damage to. Now, if you were stuck doing the same stuff every mission, the game would get stale, which is where new costumes come in! They can be used for everything from making executions easier, to making you an (almost) complete ghost to your enemies! This brings variety to the game, and WAY more replayability than you'd think. Oh, and did I forget to mention that this game has New Game Plus, which makes the game harder and forces you to think ahead before killing someone. Really good for people who liked Stealth ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Deluxe and other games of the sort."
,Recommended,214560,5172045,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,将軍 Izanagi,if u like stealth games or just ninjas then this game is for u
,Recommended,214560,11897744,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,last man standing,"Don't get fooled by my playtime, I played this game much longer, but I played it offline. You should definitly give this game a chance."
76561197960587588,Recommended,214560,15912011,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dr. Chuck,"Simply amazing, worth every cent... makes you feel like a real ninja and the 2d background/animation looks beautiful"
,Recommended,214560,8534948,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Übercactus,"Mark of the ninja is the perfect ninja simulator.You start as a plain ninja, but as you follow the story you can upgrade your techniques and become the most lethal one in the world. You can play as a rogue ninja and kill everyone in sight, or you can just hide like a snake and sneak past them.You can feel the power of being the one watching, the one killing, and the one surviving.I would have bought it even for full price if i knew about this piece of art, everything is a 10/10, the ninja's animations, the fluent gameplay, the level design, everything looks like a painting.Be the darkness, be the ninja."
,Recommended,214560,7444315,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Paheej,"One phrase to describe Mark of the Ninja?  That would be “bloody 2d side-scrolling Metal Gear Solid where you play as Gray Fox.”  Like the sound of it?  I sure did, and enjoyed the half a dozen hours this game gives you for one play through.  A tremendously well done art style coupled with excellent gameplay make this one of the better games I have played in recent memory.  A $10 price of admission is good considering it does not have multiplayer."
76561198005621988,Recommended,214560,9641737,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Rainzec,This game is wicked!
76561198114276829,Recommended,214560,8939279,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Overlord_Mac,Lots of fun that so far has made me really happy i got it
,Recommended,214560,12940399,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JackHammerOfLawl,Pretty fun stealth game.  Good puzzles.  Good game in the genre.  A controller is recommended.
76561198056407216,Recommended,214560,12757903,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sheimuz,"love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it,"
76561198046439791,Recommended,214560,13058918,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Evillisa,Amazing.
,Recommended,214560,13084112,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ahzad,"Mark of the Ninja has got to be one of the greatest stealth platformers I've ever played. The game play is so simple, yet the game is elegant. There's a reason why this one is so highly ranked people. It's a must have for your Steam library."
76561198134591565,Recommended,214560,12907173,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,EpicDK,This game an interesting one. The unique art style combined with the stealth mechanics and the multiple options available will really test your mind on different strategies.
,Recommended,214560,13036107,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,SuicideKing,"Excellent stealth game with quite a lot of replay value. Lovely art style. I played with an Xbox controller so can't speak for kb/mouse controls.It's a 2D (with a hint of 3D) side-scrolling game, so performance is quite good. Solid 60 fps at 1080p with a GTX560.The game's also got random philosophical angles to it which I had missed, initially.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,15132428,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Alex,IT'S A F*****G NINJA GAME! WHAT ELSE NEEDS TO BE SAID. GOTY.
76561198157162453,Recommended,214560,21468473,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fishyyyyyyyyyyy,really enjoyed playing this game!
,Recommended,214560,144186,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Furuta,Aweseome stealth game.
76561198012910453,Recommended,214560,8470834,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rocketknightgeek,"Mark of the Ninja can be described thuslyStealthy murder fun - ambiguityor SMF - ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t if you're feeling visceralBasically, this is pretty much exactly how a stealth based game should work, giving you clear visual feedback on how everything relates and letting you solve problems however you see fit.  Naturally, the best solution to a problem usually involves removing that problem but you are rewarded for ghosting through and leaving everyone alive and unaware you were ever there.  The rewards come in the form of even more ways to murder people though, so that's... conflicted I guess.This dualistic nature also extends into the visuals which favor about as bright and expressive a style as one could really have in a game about sticking to the darkness.  This pays off with really satisfying expressions on your victims during kills for the more sadistic among you but it will definitely bother those who want their grindhouse ninja-ing to be taken as seriously as the central storyline suggests.Oh, and if you hate halfway sitting games, you WILL be murdered toot sweet if you decide to just charge in and attack head on.  Just thought you should know that if you have the patience of a sugared up teen."
,Recommended,214560,9787162,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,eclypticz,I wish there were more games like this! Action and stealth at its best! Mark of the Ninja moves at a great pace and never gets dull or boring. I actually liked it enough to get %100 of the achievements (something I RARELY dedicate time towards)! I want more!
76561197983662248,Recommended,214560,11602940,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,TechieRefugee,"To start: I used to add a header to these reviews, but since it often made the review too long to submit, I've opted to leave it on my Backloggery page.Gameplay: I never really was all that great at the Stealth genre, given my very guns-a-blazing kind of playstyle. Nevertheless, I usually have a lot of fun with the games. Mark of the Ninja is one of the most fun stealth games that I've played in a long time, as well as being one of the most immersive. The reason why is because of the stage design. Stages are absolute monsters that sometimes feel like a Super Metroid level than anything else. This game has a lot of exploration capabilities as well as plenty of non-linear apporaches you can take to meet objectives. There's even plenty of items to suit your playstyle. Do you wanna have fun scaring the pants off of enemies? String up bodies on grapple points. Are you a fan of the ""out of sight, out of mind"" mentality of guard AI? There's a suit that allows you to have full motion silence with the tradeoff of not being able to bring a sword with you. I'm more of a fan of going undetected and (preferably) not killing anyone, as I feel that stays truest to the stealth genre as a whole. However, if combat becomes a necessity, you could always hack your way out of a scenario.While I hardly did any fighting myself, the enemies seem to have pretty good AI whenever they've caught a glance at you, often backing up for reinforcements then pushing hard. There's also enough enemy variety to keep things interesting, but most of the time the thing that makes the game interesting are the stages themselves. Usually I get a bit annoyed whenever a game doesn't have any boss fights, but I wasn't that annoyed with it in this game, as an actual boss would've felt counter-intuitive to the design of the game. As far as the challenge of this game, I could see this being pretty easy for the stealth savant, but for the average person, I think the difficulty is just about right, if a bit too easy at the beginning. I think that the game could've done with a few less checkpoints per area so that you really have to slow down and not make things a trial and error fest, but I could also see the reasoning for the checkpoints. Checkpoints can screw you over at times, although this only happened to me once (a checkpoint put me in front of an enemy, ruining my chances for a no detect for that level), so be sure to take it easy for a couple of seconds once you see the checkpoint symbol.Apart from that, there really isn't too much more to talk about. It's a stealth game with a ton of great design sensibilities, it allows you to take things however you want to, and it's overall just a really fun game that's definitely worth your time. 10/10.Story: Everything up to the ending: pretty not bad, but not anything terribly memorable. The ending: should not be as good as it was. No seriously, dat ending. Actually, in retrospect, one of the main purposes of the plot up until the ending seems to be setting seeds for the final areas. As for the characters, they're kind of prototypical Japanese ninja movie characters, but oh well. Dat ending. 8/10.Graphics: I don't need to tell you that this game is absolutely phenomenal looking. You've got eyes. As for the technical aspects, the game fullscreened to my native resolution of 1080p without any hassle. Also, if you do happen to skip cutscenes, you may find that areas lag for a bit but then sort themselves out afterward. It's only a minor annoyance, since once you get past those spots, the game runs at a perfect 60FPS. 5/5.Sound: The soundtrack is pretty dang good, and once again, the ending is the thing that really takes the cake. Most of it is pretty ambient stuff, but it does a very good job at setting the mood. Fortunately, there weren't any sound glitches I experienced. As for the voice acting, it works fine. It's good enough. No award winning material, but hey, we can't expect that from everything. Disappointingly, it doesn't seem like the Special Edition comes with the soundtrack, but oh well; that's what Youtube is for. 5/5.Overall scores are: 10/8/5/5; cumulative score of 9.3/10. I noticed that this review ended up being a lot shorter than a lot of my others. Honestly, I think that's because I don't really have anything else to say other than, ""It's good. You should go get it."""
76561198058156743,Recommended,214560,12958153,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Inspector Dosh,"If I were to describe this game as a box quote, it would be something like this: ""The game in which Assassin's Creed has struggled to accomplish"". Judging from completing my first playthrough that took me around 8 hours to complete, I have almost nothing but praise on how much fun I had with a really solid stealth system that made me feel like an actual assassin all while being vunerable to make things more tense when you are detected. My only complaint was that climbing on walls and ceilings would be a little bit more precise, but there wasn't really too much problems with it so really, just buy it, it's definitely worth $15 plus $5 for the dlc and I can't really say anymore than that."
,Recommended,214560,12979167,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,RATDOOT,"Pros: Excellent stealth system, solid mechanics, actually creates feelings of tension with lighting and sound.Cons: Occasionally clunky mouse controls, story felt short.Overall, an excellent game."
,Recommended,214560,11945500,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,znMc,Perfect game!:D
,Recommended,214560,19214394,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Jannox,"""I´m not scared of Ninjas ! I´m a tough guy !"""
,Recommended,214560,10402730,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Villentretenmerth,"Mark of the Ninja is one of the best stealth games, one of the best platformers, and one of the best ninja games in recent years.  With a gameplay style that rewards tactical precision while still keeping a brisk pace, the game manages to work your brain and reflexes in a way that feels exciting and familiar as a player.The story is clichéd but sincere, the levels are more videogame than reality, and sometimes you'll encounter a loophole or exploit to take away your immersion in favor of ratcheting up your score, but you'll enjoy every minute of it.  Every challenge is met with enjoyment.  No part of the game ever feels like it drags or has that ""boring act"" structure.The gameplay is finely tuned, with inspiration from every major stealth title out there put to good use.  Nothing is wasted; everything is fun.  There's little higher praise than that.And it has the best type of New Game + mode, where the fundamental mechanics are altered significantly for a heightened challenge."
,Recommended,214560,9776721,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The Eyehole Man,"Never understood the appeal of 2D fames until a friend reccommended this to me.  Now my favorite game on Steam, I love it.  I play with my X-Box gamepad, and it's just endless fun. Get it."
,Recommended,214560,9777683,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,BAKA-Yo,"Best infiltration Game, Good concept whit a really good gameplay.Klei enterteinement rules the indie game!!!8D"
,Recommended,214560,1256720,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,SpellHeart,"Made by the same developers, this greatly less brutal stealth-action inherits the flawless visual style of Shank. And raises it to the absolutely new level. What about gameplay? Nothing special, just a best stealth of the year. Dishonored? Hitman? Blah..."
76561197989773267,Recommended,214560,1234229,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Freeman 2.0,"Hecho por y para amantes del sigilo ¿Te gustan juegos del género como Thief, Splinter Cell, Metal Gear, Tenchu o Dishonored? ¿Y las fases de sigilo de Batman Arkham Asylum? ¿Y un buen plataformas 2d? ¿O series de animación como Samurai Jack? Si la respuesta a una o varias de estas preguntas es ¨sí¨, ya estás tardando: te lo pasarás en grande jugando y rejugando esta joya."
76561198180990283,Recommended,214560,30083153,Posted: 21 February,all,Øpsilon,A really good game if you like ninja and infiltration
76561198001319379,Recommended,214560,7757753,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Lav,"Impossible-to-put-down stealth game. The compelling-if-somewhat-simple story exists in a game with the most seamless stealth mechanics of any game I've ever played, not to mention the ingenious level design that allows for a wide range of playstyles. Absolutely worth playing through multiple times."
,Recommended,214560,8355838,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ibkonun,Ninjas and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool.
76561197994799490,Recommended,214560,7758897,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kaspion,"Amazing art style, great gameplay! Just get and enjoy it."
76561198137402878,Recommended,214560,15248102,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Peos,"Its an awesome platform,indie,stealth game in which sometimes you have to think one of your own ways to complete the level.I totaly recommend it!"
,Recommended,214560,252037,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,SaltyAsChuck,"Amazing game, so far! Only a few missions in, but I can see that getting 100% in this game will be quite a challenge. Well worth the $8 while it's on sale. Very well made, great complexity, and the graphics/narrative tie in extremely well to the concept."
,Recommended,214560,13724668,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Waldellica,Good Game
,Recommended,214560,15430238,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Acramandos,"Best stealth game I've ever played.Replayabilty lies in extra difficulties, perfecting your performance in a stage, finding secrets, playing with a totally different style than what you had. It's really amazing and very well made. The art is also fantastic and unique."
,Recommended,214560,8366301,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Beanreaper,wowMuch funsuch ninjamuch buywow
76561198027435960,Recommended,214560,14630656,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rowdy Cloudy,8.5/10A new way to test your platforming skills.
,Recommended,214560,8930910,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,thom,SOOOOO Good. Buy now. 10/10
,Recommended,214560,18647245,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,netoMX,Great Game!
76561198072618494,Recommended,214560,18606050,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,...,The only game where you play as a ninja who is actually a ninjaDubai/Detroit
76561198065411029,Recommended,214560,15856034,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ReidarsOfTheLostArk,A nice piece of 2D-stealth. The emphasis on sound/silence and the killing-animations are awesome.
76561198066319815,Recommended,214560,13737096,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sir Beaneth,"I love this game, I feel like a real ninja sneaking around and taking out people without being seen and thee art style is phenomenal"
76561198075669696,Recommended,214560,15167357,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,HubalaMen,"One of the best stealth game ever 8,5/10"
,Recommended,214560,2341290,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,TwistedLogic,"Sneaky lil platformer with loads of character, smooth gameplay and loads of fun. Playing as a Ninja just got more fun as you navigate your way around large 2D levels, hiding in the shadows, tracking enemies, infiltrating buildings and finding secrets. The option to play how you like in this game really makes it worth a look. Coupled with the visual design and the FOV/Sound mechanics, the ability to approach a heavily defended building and either sneak your way in unnoticed or butcher every guard on the way, making half of them wet themselves in fear beforehand can be incredibly satisfying. Even if your first run-through is hit-and-miss, you can go back through the levels any time and re-do them in any way you want, so you can beat your score or just mess around with new gear you unlocked in later levels, reaking revenge on those guards in earlier levels who might have spotted you the first time round. All-in-all, a definite recommend for anyone who likes a good, fun, stealth-em-up in a classic arcade style that looks and feels as good as any modern 3D game of similar genres."
76561198082585094,Recommended,214560,13743848,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sexually Confused Pancake,never have I seen a platformer stealth game!!! :D 9.7/10
,Recommended,214560,19950269,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,That Guy Who Ruined Everything,Probably the best 2D stealth game around.
,Recommended,214560,4460235,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Tarupron,"Very fun, most fun I've had playing a stealth based game yet."
,Recommended,214560,24056757,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shapelesshorror,"I've been playing offline, so my total hours played will appear fairly low. I have played many a stealth game (mostly triple A), and I hope I can aid your purchasing decisions.To preface, Mark of the Ninja is good.  If you want a cheap stealth game, buy Mark of the Ninja. It's a solid stealth game that will satisfy any cravings you may have like it did me; however, I will focus on the negative aspects because that's just how I think. The biggest summary is this: take all of the usual Triple A stealth game tropes and downgrade them across the board (it's an indie after all).WARNING: One could argue that stealth games' map design, items, and general content are spoilers in and of themselves. I'm not going to give you a damn walkthrough, but reader beware.1) Map Design and Its ImpactThis is not going to be Dishonored or MGS5: Ground Zero. You are given incredibly linear level design with little mini-paths branching off that quickly reconnect to the main thoroughfare. The best areas are at the beggining of the game, and they are the open ones that fully allow the player to ""spread their wings"" as he or she moves from left to right. Furthermore, you aren't able to fully ""survey"" the ""arena"" due to the 2D nature of the game and how close the camera is to the player character. Due to this design, getting caught has no real gameplay punishment other than putting you in slightly more mortal danger. The guards react of course, but you're literally only steps away from the next area or checkpoint where the guards may as be drinking tea and eating crumpets while their friends were freaking the ♥♥♥♥ out twenty (or so) feet away. Lastly, there are occasions where the player is funneled into ""encounters"" in that you're forced to go through a guard or do janky acrobatics. For example, I came upon the only door to the next room with a guard standing, essentially, in the doorway. I could have simply killed him or thrown a smoke bomb. By this time, the idea of using items hadn't been drilled into my head, and this situation made me realize that the non-leathal approach largely broke down to simply using a smoke bomb or other distraction device over simply killing them (qualifying argument later). Both actions, largely, had the same effect due to the fact that you would leave the guard or guards behind just as quickly as you met them. Keeping guards alive versus dead has very little impact unlike in aforementioned games where said alive guards could be woken up, sound the alarm, and pose a threat again.2) ReactionsNewton's third law is plastered into stealth game design, and players can largely guess at what an enemy may do before anything happens. Mark of the Ninja very much plays like Dark Souls. Throwing a dart at a light will get the guard to look at the broken light because it made noise (that noise is also represented on your HUD), but the guard will then also shine his light in your direction, despite the game not giving you any warning to such an action. I found myself getting paranoid on occasion simply because of these game-y details. Obviously, the guard's additional search is a mechanic that is meant to force movement from the player (whether that is good or bad is your decision to make), but imagine that happening throughout the game as you throw your head against a mechanical wall that isn't explained to you.3) DifficultyThe game isn't difficult, and a toddler could determine the best path to victory, navigating the literal and figurative puzzles through Mark of the Ninja. The actual difficulty comes in three major factors: execution, score, and length. Mark of the Ninja had to squeeze complex parkour and traversal mechanics into the 2D plane, so executing complex or precise maneuvers, especially at the beggining, is incredibly difficult at times. Mark of the Ninja sought to supplement its difficulty by adding in a scoring system. For example (qualifying argument incoming), completing a level without killing or alerting anyone is heavily rewarded. Players are able to dynamically scale their difficulty as they see fit (another qualifying argument later). Finally, with the Dark Souls style ""guess-and-check"" system, players are going to fail. Despite what the devs may believe, the game is actually very slow. Running is heavily discouraged, and exploitation is heavily encouraged. Remember is Dark Souls how you would kill the same guy with arrows over and over because it was simply easier. Yeah, you had to keep doing it because you died over and over, but that jackass never caused you any trouble. Same thing here and it makes the game very slow. On occasion, you will be battling your own sanity more than the game as you slog through the tedium needed to supplement your execution in a given situation.4) Unlocks and ItemsUnlocks are obtained via the score system, which provides you with tokens. Unfortunetaly, (2nd qualifying argument...now!) most of the unlocks center around killing and destruction. I, who actively tried to keep people alive, found myself often flush with tokens simply because I didn't need 75% of the unlocks and the rest were locked behind levels I hadn't gotten to. Furthermore, the game gives no indication whether any unlock or item will be useful in future situations. Unlocks happen to cost a lot of tokens, and the player can only take one distraction and one kill device. Experimentation isn't a factor.I hope I haven't pushed too many people away. None of the things I bring up are damning in any fashion, and many have gameplay and mechanical arguments backing them up. This whole thing is merely meant to be an explanation  as to why I simply get bored with the game. Recommended.Sincerely,ShapelessHorr0r"
,Recommended,214560,15239303,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Fabiolus,"This game is brilliant, storyline and voices are amazing and show dedication putted into the game.Challenges are great and makes you want to keep improving, the upgrades to help achieve the levels are great too!"
,Recommended,214560,7810122,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,TesX,"I really enjoyed Mark of the Ninja and I'm replaying it for the second time...The graphics are 2D, but I find it to be a better choice for this game.Anyway 2D here doesn't mean low quality, because graphics are hand-made with a ""cartoon-esque"" look.Animations are very well done too...The game is multi-platform and runs even on Linux...Sadly it misses a level editor that would extend the game by allowing people to create new levels (and maybe share them with the Steam's Workshop)..."
,Recommended,214560,7625652,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Shortlived,"A stealth game that doesn't take itself too seriously, puzzling but enjoyable, gory but tasteful, and as action packed as you might expect."
,Recommended,214560,1763174,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"A remarkable game by any standard.  Beautiful art, clean animation, tight controls and engaging level design.  Attempting no-kill playthroughs also offer a rewarding but attainable challenge.  A must play, sale or no sale."
76561198007944094,Recommended,214560,15444886,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,DawnTurkey (CaptTempesta),"Brilliantly executed stealth-action game. Different suits, item loadouts, and character upgrades allow you to adjust the ninja's abilities to suit your playstyle. The thing I like most is the incredible sense of athleticism, both in how fluid the controls are and how easy it is to move across the levels. It's a bit on the short side, but well worth a playthrough or 5. The DLC, though short, presents a very fun level set in a large dungeon filled with traps."
,Recommended,214560,1045668,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,oh? henry,"Straight up one of the most badass stealth games I've ever played. It is fast and fluid. Be silent, deadly, and unseen. Like a ghost fart."
,Recommended,214560,5208765,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Blue Wind,"Stealth games are my one of, if not my favorite genre and i can highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys stealth games. The game has a very defined art style with high grade animations, as well as being able to go through the game completely stealthy, killing almost no one, or going through killing everyone in your path"
,Recommended,214560,13785379,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,♕ℜ Rob «CSGOPOOR.com»  CSGO500,so good game. 10/10
,Recommended,214560,13831492,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Scotsman,"Very good game, good gameplay. Final missions can be for someone a little test of nerves."
,Recommended,214560,15917453,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Dei❍o,"Great gameplay and story, definitely one of the best games I ever played"
,Recommended,214560,1206778,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Plastic Legs,Good.
76561198034828529,Recommended,214560,15623125,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,IzuaL^,"Epic game, really magnificent work. Great controls with a controller, nice unwrapping of the story with the cut scenes etc, great filling overall when you play it. Great gaming experience, I truly recommend this game."
76561198025465647,Recommended,214560,8720577,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ThatLauraChick,So much fun!
,Recommended,214560,11814014,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,YouBeSoft,One of the best stealth games i've played... I can only imagine if it were 3D!
,Recommended,214560,12470414,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Vlad The Terrible ☭,"I love this game. It's got a somewhat surreal story and mechanics (you can see through walls), massive replayability, a cartoonish graphics style mixed perfectly with mature kills and patient stealth, amazing mechanics"
,Recommended,214560,4632781,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,[TriplePoint] Blane,"This game is incredible! I normally avoid stealth games, but after hearing all the hype about this one, I had to check it out. I'm glad I did! It has become one of my favorite games and will be one of the few that I will play back through from start to finish. This game was truly unique in a fantastic way and I am excited to see what comes next!"
,Recommended,214560,506130,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Merlin the Tuna,"If you are *at all* interested in stealth as a gameplay mechanic, pick this game up! The core action & platforming are slick, the visuals are spot on, and they do a good job of setting up secondary objectives if you feel like exploring for One Millions Bonus."
,Recommended,214560,15258586,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,SuccMeDryPapi,"Really great, stealth based game 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,13942758,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Trotts,Excellant stealth game and I didnt mind working on the achievements for it.
,Recommended,214560,15355449,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Eltanin,Best Stealth Game I've Played Ever. Also You're a Ninja.
,Recommended,214560,11607256,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,KwonFireCZ,"Mark of the Ninja is the best platformer I've ever played. Although it is a bit expensive, but 100% worth it to play. The story is interesting with different kinds of end and the gameplay is very good. Any bug that is found there, but it does not significantly affect the game.10.10I recommend!"
76561197975425045,Recommended,214560,685013,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Beautiful Michael Bolton,"Very solid 2D platforming stealth game. The story is somewhat decent, but nothing to write home about. The star of the game is the variety of ways you can take on every single task, be it a no-kill run, kill everyone, make no sound, only use the environment, etc etc. You get the idea. Solid Stealth game. 7/10"
,Recommended,214560,16049459,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ZerusVirus,One of the best platformers ever. Different ninja styles make this game re-playable. =)
,Recommended,214560,11553723,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,richard.goulter,"A really, really good game. The story is excellent, too.I can't think of anything to criticise about this game; but I would recommend playing it with a controller. I didn't play with keyboard + mouse, so can't vouch for those.It's a ""stealth game"", but it's quite loose about what it demands from stealth. Of course sneaking past everything without spilling blood is allowed (mostly?); also allowed is ""kill everything in sight"", which is my kind of game."
76561197983412898,Recommended,214560,973899,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,MagId (High Tinkerer),"This is the finest stealth game I have played in quite some time.  The graphics are simple, but flow very smoothly and elegantly.  The level design is well thought out to provide multiple approaches to most levels, the stealth aspect of the game is unambiguous, and it autosaves very frequently.  Do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,214560,871886,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,NoConAutokickOn,"Потрясающая игра! И это касается и геймплея и сюжета.Пойдёте ли Вы по начертанному пути, как учили мастера искусств, и совершите харакири, дабы избежать помутнения рассудка после завершения миссии? Или же Вас нагло обманывают и стоит прислушаться к собственному ""Я"", чтобы избежать бессмысленной смерти ради эгоистичных желаний мастера? Решать Вам! И конечно же нести смерть врагам клана тоже предстоит Вам: несущему Метку!"
,Recommended,214560,12130903,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews Mark of the Ninja | ""2D Ninja Adventure""6.1Hours to Complete►TL;DRYES I DO RECOMMEND THIS AMAZING AND SURPIRSE OF A GAME. Wow never has a 2D game been so strategic. When the stealth mechanics work so fluent, slick and has more stealth mechanics of other games but way less of the budget you know you have a great dev that understands what games are about.In depth...►[Performance]Its 2D and runs on almost anything.►[Graphics]Even though it run on almost everything doesn’t think this game is a pig. This game is a beauty. Not only from the beautiful Japanese’s inspired art style but from the landscapes and even character design.►[Gameplay]It’s quite a short game (depending on playstyles, I’ll get too that in a bit :) and quite easy (if you don’t care about score or challenges). If you don’t care about challenges then you won’t be able to upgrade your gear which you will need. Every gadget and clothing has a purpose and is different from one another and actually offers a different playstyle. Whether you pick the stealth armour, allowing moving silently and holding more non-lethal gadgets or an amour that makes you feel like a juggernaugh allowing you to rip people apart or even armour allowing you to teleport to completely leave the enemies untouched. Needed more enemy design also to vary up engagements.Ending needed to be better if the story was compelling or if each ending showed the aftermath of each choice, it would actually be worth it but the payoff lacked as pacing and depth was non-existent. Just note that the ""DLC"" MISSION NOT STORY IS AWFUL. Lasts TEN MINIUTES FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKE and lacks any different content aside from few gear and costume you can use in the main game. Very disappointing.►[Replayability]For all unlocks, two endings (not worth replaying it for to be honest as story is weak sauce) and different playstyles as well as how fun it is, yes it’s worth it.►[Conclusion]This game offers a lot for a low price. Has more depth in stealth mechanics than assassin’s creed for crying out loud. Fun, fluent and varied. The game looks and feels beautiful and if the story had build up and character it would be a perfect game.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curationhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/214560/"
,Recommended,214560,29884551,Posted: 12 February,all,Aelix,Aboslutley AMAZING stealth game... A true classic!
,Recommended,214560,1109612,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Stumpy,"Bought this for, like, 3 bucks during a Steam sale.  It's the best 3 dollars I've ever spent, except for that time I bought 3 twixes at work.  Except this time, I barely felt any shame for finishing it!It's really good.  Meh story, but probably the best (only?) 2D stealth game I've ever played.  I totally recommend it if you like stealth games."
76561197972528350,Recommended,214560,32826918,Posted: 26 June,all,Kliv,"Surprisingly, this is my favorite stealth game...Love the playe."
,Recommended,214560,28164963,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mattriel,Not only one of the best stealth games out there but one of the best games i've ever played period. I loved every second of it and played it a bunch of times.
76561198389920430,Recommended,214560,32618712,Posted: 21 June,all,fwoomm,Good game
,Recommended,214560,22256414,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Pantera Północy,"When I was a young person I've been spending a lot of time after school on drawing ugly things. I've had no console or PC back then, but my parents were buying me computer/console magazines each few months, so my imagination was in check and tune up back then. In one of these magazines I've read about Metal Gear Solid (first one in series), seen screnshots... few days after I've had three excersise books filled with 2D ""puzzles"" - cameras or guards with ""vision cones"", sliding doors (well, a bit thicker lines touching thinner ones, walls, but that still counts!)... generally, labirynths, but from the side, not top view. That was around 15-20 years ago.And then, few months ago, I've read a review about mark of the Ninja in one of the game magazines. Should I add anything more? It's my exact idea from childhood... well, instead of Snake there is a ninja, but idea is the same... served as an incredibly playable game. Visuals are very pleasant, especially climatic backgrounds, graphic in overall a bit cartoony, but definitely NOT rubbish... sounds and music fitting and dynamic in right moments. My only complaint is visible FPS drop in ""desert"" levels because of the sand storm effect, but hey - I'm on a  years old laptop!Currently best game in its ""sneaky-2D"" genre."
76561198042692480,Recommended,214560,27028650,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hotdogz070,"This game pulls off stealth in the most reasonale, fun and engaging way possible. The bonus dev commentary give a story within its already great story and I reccomend playing with Dev Commentary turned on."
76561198004965833,Recommended,214560,11851344,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Melegaunt,"The Mark of the Ninja is an awesome game which although it is platform, it manages to push through the stealthy aspect really well. I was positivelly surprised by how well it is set up. There are a lot of ways you can approach each situation and that adds up to the replayability of the game.Overall, for the novelty and the sense of thoroughness the game offers, it is a great game. Recommended all the way."
,Recommended,214560,1698708,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Modsme,"This is a warning, not a recommendation. Once you play this game, you will hate every other stealth game you have ever played. This game is just that good."
,Recommended,214560,21512911,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Macros20,"The best stealth game I've ever played. Probably one of the best indie games I've ever played too. The game is a marvel to behold, beautiful to look at, and insane to play. The amount of freedom you're given in each encounter compared to other stealth games that see more popularity (Looking at you Dishonored) is amazing, and the tools you're given are all highly practical and interesting to use. Overall, the game's well worth any amount of money that can be thrown at it.10/10, play this ASAP."
,Recommended,214560,1133853,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,C-zom,"It's like, the perfect stealth game. Oh god."
,Recommended,214560,32935555,Posted: 28 June,all,[NF]Barag,"Graphics: 9/10Combat system: 10/10Stealth system: 10/10Plot:8/10Of the small problems at first a little annoying unusual control (on the keyboard). If you have a joystick is better pass on it.And it would have been better if you had added a co-op or a multiplayer.I recommend!P.S. Be sure to take dLS, there's only one level, but it's worth it."
76561198256200517,Recommended,214560,32986088,Posted: 29 June,all,Krish-B,"Really awesome game, love the stealth and environment."
,Recommended,214560,14107479,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Jearbear,"An amazing game of stealth, murder, and mystery. A mustplay for anyone who likes 2d ninja stealth games!Overall Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198043216746,Recommended,214560,33014171,Posted: 29 June,all,Shields,"As a person who admittedly focuses on games in the Stealth genre, I loved Mark of the Ninja. I haven't played any 2D Stealth games that feel quite as satisfying as this one.To perhaps better articulate that point: I sometimes watch Ninja movies where there are a bunch of Ninjas fighting a bunch of soldiers with guns. When watching those, I often find myself unable to suspend my disbelief. I think that there's no way the ninjas could actually sneak past guys like that, and that surely the ninjas would just get shot. They brought a sword to a gunfight.Well, this game makes me actually feel like someone could really do all that stuff.I recommend this game, especially for someone who likes achievement hunting. I got 100% in this game in about 30 hours, and it was all fun. Doing that was challenging enough but not stupidly hard like many other stealth games seem to be. When you figure out how to play well, you move around levels like Mercury, and it will make you feel amazing.DON'T get this game if you have a tendency to bail on games with some boring levels, because some of them are, frankly, turds. Don't get it if you like a lot of combat, because that's not really the point in Mark of the Ninja. The point is to stealth, and if you get the game on sale (often under 5 dollars), stealth you will."
76561198015502768,Recommended,214560,8657368,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Nathan,if you like platformers and stealth this is your game. Very cool and nice mechanics...
76561198025203313,Recommended,214560,3608048,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,thochan,Probably the greatest modern 2D game I've played.
76561198090646275,Recommended,214560,10921384,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jayden,its gud
,Recommended,214560,10854050,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slicemage,"A great stealth game that really DOES make you feel like a ninja. Beautiful art in a hand drawn style really gives this game a distinctive feel. Longer than I expected it to be, and the New Game+ mode is a nice addition.Rating: 80%"
76561198036372728,Recommended,214560,10634413,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[MaSu] Salt Truck ComingThrough,One of the best 2D games i have ever played
,Recommended,214560,10851982,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maklershed,Fantastic little stealth game.
,Recommended,214560,8321312,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Harley,Easily one of my favorite indie games10/10
,Recommended,214560,1400768,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Blood_Wraith,Best 2D stealth game ever.
76561198038987332,Recommended,214560,10602834,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Catalyst,"This is a a very good stealth game. The levels are interesting and  encounter with enemies(especially on the final missions ) require carefull planning even on normal mode. The enemies have realistic behaviour(like reporting dead bodies instead of just walking around as if nothing has happend). The playes plays as ninja (has an awseome model by the way) is very agile and has a variety of items all of which are usefull. The game rewards you with seals for completing task, getting high scores or finding scrolls which can be used to upgrade your abilities and items. There is also a variety of costumes you can unlock which give you diffrent advantages(My personal favorite the path of nightmares because I am a sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and like the mask).When you beat the game u can play again in New mode plus which limits your field of vision dosen't show the noise you make and you die in one hit. Overall it's a pretty good game."
76561197983496034,Recommended,214560,977254,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Zyenu,"Very very fun game, think of a mix between tenchu games and samurai jack. Great buy"
,Recommended,214560,6964843,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,CheeseCakeMontage,Great stealth game.
,Recommended,214560,11675782,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,MistakenAnime,"A stealth game. An actual stealth game. No other damn genres. Just amazing true stealth. You play as a ninja with mystical powers. Why don't you already own this game? I have to make a sentence for each statment cause it's that freaking good. Only problem is lag on Mac but they are trying to fix it. No big deal. Count how many periods I have in this horrid ""paragraph"". Story is ok but the gameplay is where it shines. Beautiful animation. From the people that brought you Shank but it's not like Shank at all unless you count stabbing. I could go on but I'm done with this review. 9.5/10.Fragmented speech for teh win..."
,Recommended,214560,1998942,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,TeeGR,Amazing game! Well balanced and fun stealth gameplay with interesting story
,Recommended,214560,9967305,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Nafti,"A very fun stealth game.  Definitely a must-play for anybody who enjoys platformers, ninjas, stealth tactics, or all of the above.  Replay is high because you unlock different outfits which completely change how you play the game."
,Recommended,214560,9785193,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Attilion,"Great game that proves that 2D is not dead and is an overall better choice for stealth and platforming. Enjoyable from beginning to end, quite diverse in the approaches to a level, tight controls (with a X360 controller). Must buy!"
76561198078602423,Recommended,214560,11201415,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Remm,"Mark of the Ninja is a wonderful stealth based game with a surprisingly well thought out story. As far as 2-D stealth platformer games go, Mark of the Ninja is definitely the king. The player must use a veriety of tools along with the environment to either kill the gaurds, or sneak past them. The player is heavily rewarded with staying out of combat, and remaining undetected which proposes a unique challange to each player. The points the player receive will also help them upgrade their arsonal and allow them to complete each level more easily; which is good, because as the game progresses the levels become increasingly difficult. If you're looking for a challenging stealth and puzzel type game, look no further."
,Recommended,214560,11824935,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Pung,"Mark of the Ninja is one of the best stealth games that I've ever played.The 2D layout, various execution methods, plentiful items, soundtrack, and art take this game to the top. There are different paths that you can choose throughout the game and you can pick one according to your playstyle. Whether you want to sneak around guards and be non-lethal or if you want to create the largest bloodbath the world has ever seen, the possibles for you are endless in this stealth game.The way that vision is handled is very precise and clean. Vision tends to make or break stealth games but this one does it incredibly well.The achievements aren't too hard to get either if you're a hunter."
,Recommended,214560,8927822,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Zainny,Brilliant game. Great stealth action. Controller recommended.
,Recommended,214560,10854883,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tony 'Plugga' Lockett,"Goddamn, this game is phat as. Very well made for such a simple game and balls of fun."
76561198019645721,Recommended,214560,11076198,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,trkoenig,"Great game. Many ways to accomplish your goals. Sneak past a guard or cut him to death with a Ninja Sword, the choise is yours! Very precise controls, very tight feeling.The only con I can think of is the levels can be a little long. I either couldn't figure out how to resume a game in the middle of a level or it's not available. Otherwise this is a great game. Pick it up today!"
,Recommended,214560,7723295,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Tellan,"Master the powers gifted to you, or be consume by it posioness powers."
76561198031765203,Recommended,214560,4082626,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,SleepThieff,"The good things: Really smooth controls, animations are pretty sweet, you can play either fast paced or take your time sneaking around depending on your play style. The game is very forgiving if you die so you dont have to backtrack.Less than good things: The game felt really easy until maybe the final two missions, but once completing the game you unlock a more difficult mode. Not sure I want to play through it a second time though. Overall was fun. (8.0/10)"
,Recommended,214560,11170993,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Aetreus,"An all around excellent stealth game. The two demensional nature of this game makes it quite different from most games I play, but doesn't feel restricted at all. You can play through the game using a myriad of different strategies from killing everyone stealthily, killing everyone and not caring if you get caught, or going the whole game without killing anyone or even letting them see you. No matter what style you prefer in each level, you will feel like a total bad♥♥♥♥♥jumping, sneaking, and slaughtering through levels.Each new level introduces something new whether it be new kinds of challenges, enemies, or new tools to solve challenges. You can unlock new types of stealth kills as you go as well as new items and outfits with different perks and drawbacks. So there was no chance of me getting bored on my first playthrough. And replay value is great because you can try out different styles of play or pick up achievments/unlock new things if you missed aything the first time. For example, I played through the entire game on the harder dificulty mode without killing anyone after playing through the game as a bad♥♥♥♥♥assassin first.The plot is also suprisingly detailed and nuanced and keeps you guessing who your real enemies are.10/10 - a very innexpensive game to pick up to try out, and I would be willing to pay even more."
76561197993267136,Recommended,214560,10079506,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Brucinius,"Great stealth title, and much longer and challenging than expected. Where's the sequel?"
,Recommended,214560,9437127,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,xAstraroth,( Sorry for my english i'll try to explain :P ) This game is just amazing i have played it for like 19 h ( to complete ) now when i finish the game i unlock Game Plus ( that mean i can play it from start but with more difficulty ) and if i complete that ill get also an achievement but anyway the game is pretty nice its full stealth game u can choise kill guards or leave them and just pass them in stealth (but i killed all xD ) u can use alot of tools for example ( u can pick a box with u ) and when u are close to enemy u just use the box and hide inside that was pretty funn also :D the story is cool u can choise ( i think arround 6 different ninjas ) one who kill one who dont do sounds when run one who can teleport etc etc and the end of the game is just wow i liked it soo much the animation the music its just nice guys :))) but well i wont say more :P dont want to broke the funn for you and i Suggest this game 100 % ( who like ninjas samurai ) etc etc for me the game is 10/10 and there is also a DLC content wich contain additional story of the game and i buyed that also and i wont stop play this game even if i complete it 2 times :) so .. my final decision is yes guys come on throw 10 euro and get the cool game i was happy about my decision to buy it and i recommend this game for sure    Enjoy it !  ;) bye
,Recommended,214560,9722306,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,musyne,Now you see me. Now you don't. :-)
,Recommended,214560,8909198,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ŀucifér Shé'øl,one of the best stealth game !  you probably would like this one give it a try!
,Recommended,214560,9435326,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,BigDunks,"THIS GAME IS AWESSOMMMMEE!It brings back the excitement and engagement that stellar side scrollers like Super Metroid managed to achieve.The stealth is challenging but not in a way that is overly frusturating. The next time Nintendo or Capcom looks to make a sidescroller, they should look here first.The animation is beautiful and fluid, during both in game, and cut sequences. The melding of the two never seems forced or out of place."
,Recommended,214560,7029449,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,This IS the stealth ninja game you've been waiting for. Buy it now.
,Recommended,214560,11746491,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,[BCS] sciance,Highly recommended. I wish there was more!
,Recommended,214560,15134752,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,jesterx7769,One of my favorite games.Great stealthGreat actionChallenging but not very hardGreat artInteresting storyVery interesting and unique game
,Recommended,214560,3574242,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Ashelfal,Great story and incredibly fun to play... You would be crazy not to buy this stealth/puzzle/awesome game
76561198001643888,Recommended,214560,11543074,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,DVain,"A very fun game to play for a few days, even without multiplayer or level editors and whatnot. One of the best platformers I've ever played."
,Recommended,214560,13936427,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Thunder914,"Amazing stealth/platformer sidescroller that you shouldn't pass up. Everybody loves ninjas, backstabbing armed guards and karate chopping dogs. This game can be challenging but very rewarding, also there is a decent amount of replayability. Definitely worth buying!"
,Recommended,214560,2039455,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,BaiCaiX,这才是真正的忍者，这才是真正的潜入、暗杀。
76561198040651253,Recommended,214560,13567401,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,okedoke,Great platform action game
76561198096578102,Recommended,214560,19624052,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,[usernamehere],"one of the best stealth games i`ve ever played, although it doesnt have a quite long story you`ll be too busy restarting every single checkpoint so u dont get spotted, i loved the story though the final chapter, i won`t spoil it but even when i finished i felt like this empty feeling of WHAT DO I DO NOW"
,Recommended,214560,1904052,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Rey Garay,NECESARIO
76561198147506447,Recommended,214560,19442177,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,WhiteCat,I like this game so mush.I'ts great.
76561198008148264,Recommended,214560,2488944,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Raminax,"Mark of the Ninja, while fairly short, is a beautifully crafted stealth game. While not particularly complex at the surface and being quite linear, the amount of ways you can play this game (pacifist sneaker, cold-blooded killer, combat ninja, it's all there) and the customization that can be done to accomodate for your playstyle is nothing short of amazing. Truly worth a try if you feel like sneaking in the shadows and silently dispatching your enemies with cold efficiency."
,Recommended,214560,9881126,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,jsabsd,"This game is amazing. I want more DLC. Would love to see a Kunoichi costume, perhaps an Ora playthrough."
,Recommended,214560,21304325,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sam Axe,One of the best stealth games I have ever played. Responsive controls and beautiful Artstyle. I am not sure it will play well without a gamepad though.
76561198112579628,Recommended,214560,12862759,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Mahatama Gandhi,one of the best games i have ever played
,Recommended,214560,11789525,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Techno,"Finished the game a couple of weeks ago, This game is a great 2D stealth/action game where you can unlock different moves and items and this game even has a New Game + which lets you use what you had before but with stronger enemies and what not."
,Recommended,214560,1115568,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Mykwon,"Mark of the ninja is actually quite a good game. The stealth system is well built, the challenges are real and the continuous progress of your character makes you replay the levels to find new techniques to pass them, earning achievements."
,Recommended,214560,14754238,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,nifboy,"As stealth games go, Mark of the Ninja is the superemely fair - it's always your fault when you get detected, and you have a lot of ways to get out alive even if you are seen. The controls are tight, and there are a lot of ways to either kill or sneak your way through levels, as you prefer."
,Recommended,214560,1230323,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Jimmy McNulty,It's a stealth game for both people who find stealth frustrating and people who love stealth games to death. It's sneaky like that.
,Recommended,214560,8794374,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Schranz,"Mark of the Ninja is an awesome game. Controlling the ninja with keyboard and mouse at first feels uncomfortable, but I got used to it really fast. There may be times when you have to act real quick and you mess it up, but I always could do the things I want to do and I never had a problem with controls.The challenges in the game are great as well. You probably can skip them, if they are too hard for you, but you'll miss 70% of the games content.I really like the possibility that you can just kill everybody head-on and get away with it, if you are fast enough. Or you can sneak all around, be never seen and (almost) kill nobody in the entire game. But by far the best way to do things seems to be by the use of fear.All in all it is unbelievable that I always felt the challenge and no frustration.I can really recommend this game and also his DLC, which adds some new features and commentary from the whole programmers team."
,Recommended,214560,13086739,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,RecklessRob,"Awesome story, true ninja feeling! A Must Have to every platformer fan!"
,Recommended,214560,12796146,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Leon,NINJA MAN IS DA MAN
,Recommended,214560,12849346,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,AugustusCB,"I could not have asked for a better ninja game. Everything about this game screams terrific design. It captures the spirit of true ninjutsu: complete nothingness and silence, alongside the occasional assassination. The path you take as a ninja is completely up to you, ranging from a murderous nightmare towards every guard to an undetectable ghost. The game is more than happy to give you various options in approaching every situation. I was also pleased by how varied the levels are; one time you will be infiltrating a fortress, the next time you'll be escaping poison-filled catacombs, and another time you will be setting a building on fire. I also found the game to be quite challenging and as of writing this review have yet to earn all the achievements...and complete a harder New Game+.The art direction is fantastic, harkening me back to the style of Batman: The Animated Series, Star Wars: Clone Wars, and Samurai Jack. Plus, the visual cues regarding sound and light is nothing short of genius.The story is surprisingly intriguing and the end led to much reflection of my playthrough as a ninja. The characters are good with well-executed voice-acting. Overall, very well-written.With all this being said, this is a ninja game. What more could you want? 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,12870536,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Heretic,"With its beautiful art and flowing animations, this game not only looks amazing but plays amazing. Its also the best stealth game I've played, with many options, playstyles, and paths. Unlockables, extras, collectables, and a new game+ mode keep the game fun if you want to play it again. One of the best games I've ever played."
76561198026265094,Recommended,214560,12930310,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ButterToast,"The best stealth game to date, not even mentioning that this is the best ninja game out there.Cheers!"
,Recommended,214560,12713948,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,pepincity,I play it with the keyboard and it's great. Has a unique feel
,Recommended,214560,12825250,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,AKBanse,"This was a fun stealth based platformer that actually holds the threads to a very interesting story.Being a trained ninja means mystically sticking to darkness and silently skulking about.  This also is the basis of the game, no skilled point and click, instead it is a great example of a game that requires patience to execute the enemies of your clan.  You will find yourself stealthing through sewers, across city tops, and worming your way through vents as you evade the eyes and ears of your enemies and bring silent death upon them.  There are special puzzel levels hidden about but the difficulty was slightly wanting I found.The story is that of a chosen ninja, one who bears the marks that only his clan knows of, hence the title of the game.  The marks will imbue you with power beyond any mortal, but there is a price to pay.  The legend tells of those that undergo the ink will do the will of the clan and then must turn their sword upon themselves or else bring ruin on their clan.  This story element really comes to fruition at the very end and was wonderfully put forward by the creators.  The story also comes alive with the fun and stylized are found through the game.I would recomend the this game for those who have patience for stealth, and for everyone if it is on sale."
76561198074514239,Recommended,214560,13141505,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AntHero,"Oh yes....!!!This is the only game wich I finished more then twice.Fun stealth, very good level design"
76561198086227982,Recommended,214560,9700011,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,The Coo Coo Nut Guy,"Great stealth game. This game has good mechanics and the variety of traps/weapons will make you play your own style: leave the  environment untouched, make key kills or mass murder the guards, is up to you."
,Recommended,214560,10988927,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,chalmsthegamer,"this is a true representation of a ninja, silent and deadly but you can also beat the mission without killing all the enemies and be completely undetected its awesome"
,Recommended,214560,7394223,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,[pseudo]zesman,best stealth game evar!!every euro worth it
,Recommended,214560,1781,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Treat (Kiggles),Veritable stealth-action Castleroid. Get.
,Recommended,214560,15179447,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SchrodingerSyndrome,The BEST stealth game. no questions.
,Recommended,214560,31160554,Posted: 15 April,all,HowL™,"Amazing 2D stealth game, probably the best in the genre. Must have for anyone even slightly interested in this type of game, fantastic."
,Recommended,214560,437827,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,floatingeye,"Really ♥♥♥♥ing good. Buy it if you can afford it. Not for the weak.Honestly, it's a really fantastic game. It hearkens back to a time when videogames actually cared about the mechanics because you didn't have so much to work with. Nowadays things are different; we have controllers with 10+ buttons. Back in the day you weren't afforded such ehhhhhhhhh I'll write more later"
,Recommended,214560,25388114,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Save the Queen,"One of the best stealth games ever made, the level design is PERFECT, and I would argue that level design is one of the most important things to the health of a stealth game."
,Recommended,214560,17421603,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Gertscherk,"""Okay just go here before the guard sees me""...""NUINUNUNUNUNUNUNUN THERE WAS ANOTHER GUARD THERE! FIND HIDING SPOT!""Guard: There he is! *Watches me climb into ventGuard: Where is he!? Guess it was nothing then...*Guard walks into room and sees a friends dead bodyGuard: Friend are you okay??*Goes to inspectGuard: Wait! There was a small tapping noise behind me! Better go inspect it for a minute!*Finishes inspectingGuard: Now where is my friend? Well his body isn't here so I guess he wasn't brutally murdered!end scene9.3/10 Would show off ninja skills againWhy are you still reading this?! Buy the game! Can't you see the thing that says ""Overwhelmingly positive"" or ""91/100 Metascore""??? Buy the freaking game!"
,Recommended,214560,19080823,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Arc3us,"Mark of the Ninja is a great stealth game. Your goal is to either go undetected or to kill the guards while completing objectives. This is quite possibly one of the best action games I have even played. Definitely recommended to those who love tactical, strategy, action, and stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,8640770,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Flying Ham,Ninjas... yep that's pretty much it
,Recommended,214560,11747379,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Deadeyekiwi,legitest stealth in 2 dimensions
,Recommended,214560,33564236,Posted: 15 July,all,CJIA,Great stealth dynamic and super fun to play. Great art style and animation as well. Would instantly buy a sequel or more DLC.
76561198232979232,Recommended,214560,32321865,Posted: 10 June,all,Sidetrackx,"Before I say anything else this must be said first, this is the best 2D ninja game with stealth period!Where do i start with this one there is so much goodness packed in this game that I'll start with its main mechanic- StealthI like stealth and this game offers options with usually more than one path to a destination and the choice of not hurting anyone or go by a kill you when I see you policy with a healthy dose of abilities to support which gamestyle you choose.The stealth kills in here are creative and fun to execute,lets be honest here you will turn guards into corpses in a variety of ways like stuffing them behind closed doors, hanging them from spotlights or pulling them thru the floor to share with them life is precious before brutally slaying them!I also like they use sound location in this game you dont have to see them to hear them orsee the soundwaves of them walking you have to lean against a wall or door to see next room.I recommend this cause its the best at what it does, and how it does it but why did it do it?cause if it didnt we wouldnt know when anyone else gets it wrong!"
,Recommended,214560,32231905,Posted: 6 June,all,phamvanphuc47,"This game is the best steath game I ever played. It is so fun and I have good time to play it several time again with many different kind of weapon and skin. Hope it will have the number ""2"" next game coming soon. 10/10"
76561198169165665,Recommended,214560,32302402,Posted: 9 June,all,És o Meu Eclipse,"I really liked the game though I don't really think it is worth the full price. If it is on discount, however, it is a must buy."
76561198045417575,Recommended,214560,32245790,Posted: 7 June,all,Grippler,"This game is simply awesome. It's a fantastic stealth sidescroller, with great visual aesthetics, despite being almost 5 years old, and audio. I do have some stability issues when playing in BPM on my steam link, but that may be steams fault. I can deinitely recommend this game if you like stealth games, it is worth every penny."
76561198024191403,Recommended,214560,32245698,Posted: 7 June,all,ECR~infinitywatch,I LIKE IT !!!!!
76561198143908042,Recommended,214560,32231949,Posted: 6 June,all,Blue Soul,"Gameplay is fun, challenging,worths every cent. 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,32260474,Posted: 7 June,all,Atonix,"I got this game on sale for a couple dollars thinking it would be fun for an hour or two.. boy was I wrong.This game was great!The art-style is simplistic but does wonders when paired with the gameplay. And talk about gameplay! It's always a treat to see games give you so many options to play, whether you want to kill everyone in your path or don't want to kill anyone at all, Mark of the Ninja gives you numerous routes and methods to complete each level.The story was pretty basic and I was able to forsee all of the twists and turns but it does a good job at leading you though the game.Overall I would definitely pick this up, even at $15."
76561198084413427,Recommended,214560,32265472,Posted: 8 June,all,Hairy Pinkie,"As a fan of stealth games, this one was a great experience!"
76561198102091347,Recommended,214560,32261342,Posted: 7 June,all,Jack,The best indie game that i've ever played!!!
,Recommended,214560,8313393,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,zblesk,"If you were to only playoneplatformer [or a stealth game] this year, let it be this one. Amazingly fun, excellent level design, only as many unlockable skills as you can actually use and - a good story. [Yes, really.]A gamepad is recommended."
,Recommended,214560,32309364,Posted: 9 June,all,Chrome,Really great stealth game.Story is meh.Only downside being that the game is quite short.10/10 would karate chop a hound again-IGN
76561198109520024,Recommended,214560,21657574,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Mr. RiderSkip,"I'd say great 2d stealth-action ninja game, accompanied by its trademark art-style! Just get this game!"
,Recommended,214560,2090722,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,DiggerMcDoogle,be sneaky and♥♥♥♥♥
76561198005647647,Recommended,214560,2317316,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,M0rbid *VLW*,Эта игруха круче чем ассасин и хитмэн. Хотя казалось бы.....
,Recommended,214560,20246284,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Flatbush Zombies,Reminds me of Samurai Jack.
,Recommended,214560,20291397,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Shade,"NOTE: This review is somewhat bordering on an incredibly short essay (I am not comfortable with this, considering my disdain for writing them). Also, I did not bother to proof read it, so pardon any mistakes you find in it. Enjoy!In a nutshell, the game has splendid stealth mechanics. The level design is also great. I did not feel as if my approach to each encounter was the correct, and only way (as some puzzles are) -- instead I found it to be *my* way. The level design opens up a lot of different angles to tackle each part of the game. Though to some, at a first glance, it may seem like a puzzle, with only one correct way of solving it -- it is, in fact, quite unlike that idea. The encounters are challenging and do feel rewarding to accomplish.*Spoilers Follow (minor)*Besides the mechanics, the actual story was rather good. It seems rather straightforward but as you progress, the plot unfolds and reveals a larger, more complicated narrative than what was first provided. The game manages to explore eastern cultural traditions and values, and juxtaposes them with the thought and notions brought upon by western culture. Though the former is quite obvious and leads to the premise of the story, the latter is only really touched upon at the conclusion of the game. The contrasting cultural ideas (such as selflessness vs individualism) provided a provacative choice upon the game's conclusion, affecting the fate of not only your own, but of the people around you. It is not done in a simplistic bad vs good or black vs white choice, but rather it is based off the player's perception of what they believe is correct. Even still, the narrative poses a strong moral grey fork in the decision -- What you believe is correct may not be the best choice. Alternatively, the best choice may not be what is objectively correct.The game forgoes a notion of a ""good"", ""happy"" or even ""correct"" ending, and instead leaves it with the player to determine, in their own thoughts, whether their chosen fate was more justifiable than the other.At least for me, I find it rare for games to create any meaningful, thought provoking decisions, let alone explore themes and ideas that extend beyond superficiality and cliches. With that said, this game was thoroughly refreshing to have played, both in gameplay and in story.I refuse to provide a grade or score for this game, and often, I refuse to do it for many other things. I do not believe the value of the game can be easily quantified (at least by me). I will, instead, allow the words that precede this paragraph to describe the value. I do recommend this game, however everyone has their own tastes. This game requires patience, so keep that in mind if you are prospecting to purchase ""Mark of the Ninja""."
,Recommended,214560,20370193,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Bale,Not recommended!I thought I would only play for 15 minutes but I ended up spending 1 hour and not studying for my english test at all.RIP my result. I hate this game.
76561198222862620,Recommended,214560,20818076,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Abyzz,"StatusStep 1 Buy GameStep 2 InstallStep 3 PlayStep 4 Dead by gun shotStep 5 Dead by laserStep 6 Dead by dog biteStep 7 Get madStep 8 UninstallStep 9 Cool downStep 10 Urges to beat the gameStep 11 Repeat Step 2-10 twiceStep 12 After reinstall for 3rd time. Feel like the game is easier than before.Step 13 Finally beat the gameOne thing I've learned from the game""Sometimes, the easiest way to win an obstacle is to play by their rules. Not our own""Really good patient test"
,Recommended,214560,20868546,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Le ro.bean,Dis game is very good. 9/10
76561198278578344,Recommended,214560,20852387,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,L_INK69,"Story:Unfortunately, this was the most lacking thing for me in MotN. The plot itself was just not compelling and interesting enough. Although the presentation was suberb I thought a good  and engaging would have made this game so much better. The characters were cool but they could have had more depth. But it is by no means a bad story, it just had much more potential and the game as a whole didn't suffer too much, that's why I won't give the story a bad score.8/10Graphics:I liked this style a lot; It reminded me of old Cartoon Network cartoons, especially Samurai Jack. The cutscenes were well made and I liked how it worked with silhouettes and shadows. All in all it was very pleasant too look at and very stylish and clean. Note: For me there were no technical issues and the frame rate was always constant.8.5/10Sound:This game just has a few and mostly atmospheric tracks, which is the perfect fit for a stealth game. But still I wished more memorable tracks. The voicework is well done, but still could have been more proffesional. The sound effects are authentic and sets you in the mood.8/10Gameplay:This is stealth game through and through. You certainly don't want to get caught, so this game is nothing for Rambo-Style-Action fans. I had some difficulties with the controls at first but after some time I really got used to them. As a Ninja you are offered a variety of tools and paths to get through a levels, eg. Kunais, Spike Mines, Lethal or Non-Lethal etc. To unlock some new skills and tools you need Honor Points, those are earned by getting a certain amount of points, completing optional objectives and finding scrolls and artifacts. Every level is filled with traps, enemies and puzzles, so evry level has the same formula, but still I never felt it was repetitive. Every level felt different and interesting. They game is challenging and sometimes you are confronted with trial and error, so again, nothing for short-fused gamers. The game is kinda short, but as soon as I finished I wanted to 100% this game, so there is a high replayability.9/10Conclusion:(Again:This is nothing for action fans!)This is a pure stealth game and one of the best ones I've ever played. It is addictive, full of variety and ways to play and challenging. While the other categories are a bit lacking and there was potential for more this is just a must for every stealth fan!88/100"
,Recommended,214560,20861752,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Tetsumeanoichiban,"Embark upon a tale of insanity death and betrayal accompanied by your loyal companion Erin Esuarance.+Nice Art+Really smooth controls (except for the things you have to rotate the stick for- but I don't think I've ever seen that well implemented in a game- maybe stop using this game dynamic people of the future?)+Good progression.+Worthwhile unlockables.+Haiku haiku haihaiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku+Grappling hook.  I'm a sucker for 'em.+Feasable to take several approaches to each level.-Rather short.-Not very hard.-Some glithces (Piled up too many bodies and couldn't leave a duct from one direction, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ once in such a way that I was spotted and resultantly lost enough points to miss the final seal for that level, some others I've forgotten.)=Worth about 10 bucks."
,Recommended,214560,2983121,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Anax of Rhodes,"An impressive stealth title!  Story's extremely lacking, but the gameplay is decently solid and the acrobatic sequences you're able to pull off are smooth and satisfying.  Easy to learn, difficult to master.  Worth the 4 bucks on the current sale if it's on your wish list."
76561198062725504,Recommended,214560,11010256,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,2Ms,"Take a look to the metascore. Tells all.Buy it, enjoy it.Gamepad recommend."
76561198069011111,Recommended,214560,13570674,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,egamer54,This game is an absoulte blast. It combines stealth aspects with cartoonish violence. It in not incredibly diffecult but new game plus makes it harder. The campaign doesn't take incredibly long but there is massive replayability as there are optionaly objectives you need to complete to unlock more characters. It is difficult enough where you will have to work to perfect it but easy enough where you never feel stumped or like you can't progress. I have never 100% all the achievements on a game before but this will be the first one with only 4 left. Would highly reccomend this game to anyone.
76561197998859129,Recommended,214560,12205250,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,toxast,brilliant
,Recommended,214560,11569646,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,A Crazed Gunman,"I like it, great mechanic, eye-pleasing art style which somehow reminds me of Samurai Jack, and one thing that impressed me the most is you can maximise all of the potentials of your ability, both combat or non-combat without ever worrying on how will they affect the ending. You can either stealthily murder everyone on your path, brutalize and terrorize your foes with no regards for stealth, or even don't let anyone know you were crawling right through them. Definitely recommending this game to every stealth game fan out there."
76561197973844872,Recommended,214560,10152398,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Brad Keselowski,Reallly good game i like it
,Recommended,214560,16331069,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MiXeRy,"Very good stealth game, if not the best.Made with a lot of Love <3"
,Recommended,214560,8905892,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,WebSoldier228,"The only problem is the game ends too soon, how soon? Well I got about 1 week worth of gameplay. Perfect gameplay! Its very similar to Batman Arkham series except its 2D, and the ninja is much more fragile. I HIGHLY recommend!"
,Recommended,214560,15962855,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dominik_AT,perfect and lovely created stealth-ninja-game!
76561198004911327,Recommended,214560,15156755,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Mance Pax,"I bought this game as present for my most abnoxius friend.. ever!He said ""thank you"", so this game must be great, believe you me!"
76561197999962996,Recommended,214560,15737479,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,ioioio,"Good:+ fluid animations+ responsive controls+ items and abilities to unlock (keeps it fun)+ stealthBad:- repetitive gameplay- repetitive leveldesign- generic, unengaging storyIn short ...I'd only recommend to buy it if its on sale because its one of those games that get really monotonous halfway through."
,Recommended,214560,11758825,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,R∆V3N,"Well i just bought it and I think it's a good side-scrolling game with nice 2D graphics, very atmospheric as well :)"
,Recommended,214560,15258815,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Jarfulous,The Ninja game you've always wanted.
,Recommended,214560,18210537,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DEJO,Nice i like that and that is like Shank I ♥♥♥♥ing love that !
76561198099229376,Recommended,214560,19624425,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Jest7in,"It's a fantastic game. I bought it while it was on sale though, i wouldn't buy it for $15. It's good, but not that good."
,Recommended,214560,18831389,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Simon_says,"Incredibly fun game. The controls are tight, the art is pretty. Sneaking around and killing every single muthafugga in the level feels awesome. Seriously, if this looks even vaguely up your alley, you shoud buy it, it's a great game."
,Recommended,214560,18847897,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Reliant39,"Mark of the Ninja is perhaps the greatest stealth game of all time, and certainly the greatest 2D stealth game (in my opinion). The whole experience looks and plays great. There is never a moment where I do not feel completely in control of the character, and when a mistake is made, I know exactly how I fouled up and can do better next time. The gameplay fits with the plot of the game and the whole is presented beautifully, like a blood-soaked, action-packed cartoon. One of my favourite games of all time, and one that I've so far played from start to finish three times and will install and play again on a regular basis. Heartily recommended."
,Recommended,214560,18546591,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,KOLKOL,I love stealth games..I love them so much.
,Recommended,214560,19144607,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,viv,"Have you ever wanted to be a ninja, throw darts and firecrackers, kill people by stabbing them in the neck or even drop chandeliers on them? Well this is the game for you! It's got tatoos and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and an annoying girl who hides better than you do, goes some random place and just waits for you. You rage, try and kill her, and realise that you can't. SO you get on with the game, and killing everyone you see. Or not, if you want the achievements. But hey, the main thing is ninjas. And ya it has ninjas..."
,Recommended,214560,14264918,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,constantcompile,"Let me tell you a story. Spoilers, obviously.When I started playing this game, my approach was to ""ghost"" through the levels. ""Ghosting"" refers to passing through the level undetected without harming anyone, as though you were never there to begin with. I reasoned that, because my character was at risk of going mad, this path of restraint would be a logical choice for them.Then I got to a point where it was quite clear I would be unable to progress without one of two things happening: killing a guard, or being detected. Maybe once I beat the game and had more tools available I could come back and ghost the level, but with my current inventory it wasn't happening. So I killed them. I reasoned that, because killing undetected was worth far more points than not killing after being detected, this is how I was intended to play the game.So I killed only when necessary to avoid detection. Then I killed when doing otherwise would have been inconvenient. Then I killed when I felt like it. Eventually, and before I knew it, I was backtracking across the map to hunt down a single enemy that had escaped my wrath.Killing was no longer part of the game. Killing WAS the game. Each kill was an exercise in self-expression and creativity. Whatever the risk was for impending madness, I didn't care. I was having way too much fun.Then I reached the end of the game, and it was pointed out to me that I had indeed gone mad, that I was hallucinating, and that it was my duty to end my life. Now, whatever amount of killing I may have done, after terrorizing a enemy to shoot another enemy with their assault rifle, it seemed MORE likely that they had at least HELD an assault rifle than that I was merely imagining them doing so. Hallucinations don't inflict real bullet wounds on other hallucinations. What's more, whatever my disposition might have been, these people had still killed a friend of mine, and they had been trying to kill me.So I said, screw that. At the very least, you buggers will die first.And then the credits rolled, and the epilogue was revealed.They were right. I HAD become a monster. And now I had unleashed myself on the world. I was unseeable, I was untouchable, and I was unstoppable. I was a terror, I had been given the chance to end my life, and I didn't. And now there was no stopping me.That this was so perfectly conveyed through my gameplay experience is a greater compliment to the developers than any words can describe."
,Recommended,214560,8756885,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,RSkeleton,"This Game is one of the best stealth games I've played so far, incorporating easy ways to tell visibility and sound. A great game for any fan its a great game for entry into the genre. Also ending is one of my new favorites. Don't look it up"
,Recommended,214560,18099410,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,A Guy Known As HUMAN,"This game is amazing.It is a LEGENDARY stealth  game. With the thought in your head that every single move count, which is what you want in a game like this.THE CONTOLS; Is tight, responsive and can be very fast with the grappeling hooks and the cloth parachute. Sure it CAN be slow with the fact that running is not reccomended near enemies, but its fine cause it makes you appreciate the times you CAN run.THE ACTION; Now a little note, your not gonna beat a group of three enemies too easily. So, if you like being an OP piece of flesh- try to play as a monster in EVOLVE. The  unlocks are balanced and useful, and the stealth items are cool as well. Hiding bodies is a bit of a must, since if the enemies find a body you will be looked for.THE GRAPHICS; ARE AMAZING. Especially the player sprite9.5/10The 0.5 is for the lack of hand drawn sprites"
76561198079895986,Recommended,214560,17324445,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Encipetor,less than an hour played and I'm already sat here eating rice with a mask on whilst throwing pencils at alarms and stuff... 10/10 would write this review again
,Recommended,214560,17192596,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"Simply put this game is a must play for any fans of the stealth genre. Incredibly well made, with challenging stealth done in a brilliantly designed 2D world. If you don't think good stealth can be done in 2D you are a fool, buy this game and see why."
,Recommended,214560,19824200,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Quantum200,"If u searching for a stealth game, I think this is what do u need. At start, u just killing enemies but when you reach the mid- game, story begins. Game has quite nice story. If u dont care about 2D, this game is nice choice. There is a DLC too. for this game, I think u should buy it in discount.-6 Different styles-Many attack items-Many distract itemsAnd u can combine them before start episodes.Have fun ;)"
76561198151398570,Recommended,214560,19640164,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mr.Nobody,10/10 stealthy game and te hpysics are awsome
,Recommended,214560,5248881,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,EbonyJarl,"Really nice stealth game, Different suits that fits your style of play and many fun missions, and a bonus you get a harder game when you finish it.4/5"
,Recommended,214560,3962261,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Zueuk,I've wanted to see a game like this since Ninja Saboteur
76561197972072638,Recommended,214560,552344,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,KoolKrax,Superb stealth-platformer.
,Recommended,214560,4729474,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Mannew,"You know those sneaky sneaky games where you're supposed to sneak, but you don't because you'll survive if you sneak or not? Well. Mark of  the Ninja's different, you get discovered, you're gonna have a really hard time surviving, wich makes it amazing."
,Recommended,214560,4600235,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Vuiz,Best stealth game i've ever played.
76561198042303682,Recommended,214560,4834811,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Basherzz,An excellent stealth game with great visuals and extremely fun and satisfying steath/game mechanics. Worth every penny it costs!
,Recommended,214560,6082653,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,kabana,this game equals will shatner's scrotum
,Recommended,214560,6128145,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Terrasquee,The only i game i have with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of replayability 10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥es
,Recommended,214560,5471737,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Bohican,"Amazing game, if you like figuring out strategies and puzzles to overcome obstacles. Usually not a huge fan of ""stealth"" games, but this game is easily the best of its genre and made me love it. Grab it if you get a chance, guaranteed you will not regret it."
,Recommended,214560,3918050,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Mastermind,Rarely does a stealth based game give you understandable levels and goals without introducing a lot of artificial frustration. Rarer still is a game that just seems to do everything right. This does both.
,Recommended,214560,3365212,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Jukettaja,Awesome stealth action. It's got slick moves and enough tools to vary up your approach to each mission. Unlockable outfits offer another layer of customization with perks and penalties for each costume. Replayable New Game + mode and two different endings.
,Recommended,214560,4119229,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Warrior,"Even though it is very frusterating at some points, It is a stealth game that turns you into a predator rather than prey. Mark of the Ninja is an engaging sandbox of stealth."
,Recommended,214560,3703312,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Ｂ Ａ Ｋ Ｅ Ｒ ☮,This game is awesome. Anyone reading this should buy it!
,Recommended,214560,1791771,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Poison,"Best stealth game to come out in a long time. Think 2D version of older Splinter Cell games. Story is pretty interesting as well, in particular the ending is exceptionally well done."
,Recommended,214560,2075725,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Alien Rope Burn,"Moving stealth into 2d may seem like oversimplification, but here it clarifies, turning every step into a puzzle of timing and tools. Mark of the Ninja is probably one of the best stealth games in a while because it removes the guesswork and trial and error of many stealth games. It's also very solid in that no tool or toy goes wasted, and I can't remember any device going unused. It's also a fair deal longer than I expected, and I'm looking forward to playing on a higher difficulty, something I rarely worry about these days with my game collection being what it is. Both very true to (ridiculous) ninja mythology and probably the most fun you might have as a ninja on the PC."
76561197971532050,Recommended,214560,523555,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Conditional Love,Ninja themed stealth quasi-rpg. The most fun I have ever had with a puzzle platformer. Deserving of all the praise this has recieved. Sound and visuals are good. Gamepad not necessary but strongly recommended.
,Recommended,214560,409132,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Hilamonsta,Good stealthy fun without the headaches of typical stealth games.  A great example of 2D gameplay done right.
,Recommended,214560,2913692,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Creamium,"Mark of the Ninja makes stealth cool again. No frustration, just the raw satisfaction of being a silent and deadly badass. Visual cues show if you're about to be detected, so there's enough time to get away. If you do make a mistake, there are frequent checkpoints and the reload is instant. Getting through a level without being spotted is very much possible, and more importantly: a lot of fun.I'd heard nothing but good things about MotN, but nothing prepared me for its sheer brilliance. Clearly a labour of love."
,Recommended,214560,3394884,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,ruthba,one of my favorite games :D
,Recommended,214560,4259061,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,riffwarz,Essential.  Great platforming.
76561198005079603,Recommended,214560,2280565,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Captain Seasick,"I was really surprised when I first played this game, having expected it to be about as stable, fun and mentally challenging as Klei's earlier title, Shank, which (needless to say) kinda sucked. But lo and behold! They actually came through! MotN actually is a really fun game. It has some glitches, and some obvious, game-breaking exploits, along with the checkpoint-system (as they always are...) being a pain in the ärse. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,214560,11873584,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,mAcK624,"10/10 - Please make a sequel (or three) for this game. Please. Really, please..I was pleasantly surprised by this game to say the least. If you're a fan of stealth you're very likely to enjoy it. The graphic style is wonderful and doesn't distract from the gameplay. The animations are very enjoyable and the difficulty is tuned perfectly. The sounds, music and voiceovers are perfect. The ambiance pulls you in and doesn't let go.If there was a sequel made to this I'd be a pre-order customer instantly. A co-op version of this would be great as well. I can easily see two characters sneaking around various levels, working together to disarm traps, quietly getting around guards either by stealth or cooperative distratctions, etc. Even a player vs player mode could easily be done. Two ninjas on a map trying to take each other out either by fighting or setting traps or distracting guards in the direction of the enemy.. Tell you what, just hire me and I'll share all my ideas. :)On a serious note however, get this game. Get it and free up your schedule. It's extremely good and one of the few games in my library I've not only completed but will very likely return to several times. And if you have the opportunity, grab the special edition with the development notes scattered throughout the game. They're very interesting (like a DVD commentary track) and unobtrusive. I've never seen such a thing done in a game, but after seeing it in this game I'd actually love this option in more games (wth an option to turn on/off completely).Great job team, great game. Now get to making the sequels!"
,Recommended,214560,13702919,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AFK,I thought it was fun.
,Recommended,214560,8463480,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kampy*,"This game was absolutely amazing. Great graphics, atmosphere and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,27556170,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,I'm Batman,"I love to play this so much, especially with gamepad and headphones. I like the story and i like ninjas, so it is definitely my type of game :) +++"
76561197961585290,Recommended,214560,13874234,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kirk,"This game is easy enough to start playing, that many will find it entertaining.As you progress, upgrades and more equipment are unlocked.The game is simple but very fun to play.You can choose two paths while playing each level. Either stealth or bloodbath/terror.Terrorizing  guards is one of the most intresting elements in this game. Sometimes its enough killing one guard, and hang the body in the ceeling. Making several other guards go nuts and start fire wild in random directions. Also killing other guards.The DLC is an intresting twist that also unlocks some more equipment for the main stoy. Its not that expensive and also get my thumb up. I recommend that if you have managed to clear the 5 first levels, buy the DLC for some more equipment. Some of it is quite helpful at that stage."
,Recommended,214560,32323485,Posted: 10 June,all,Sporea,I love this game!
,Recommended,214560,20272348,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Smiddy,"Mark of the Ninja is THE BEST 2D game I have played.  The game mechanics are really fun.  Navigating walls is sometimes difficult and frustrating at times, and the slow run speed is sorta annoying, but I got over it quickly becuase of how awesome this game is.  The upgradable skills are really cool and add an interesting feel to the game."
76561198169215474,Recommended,214560,15262997,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Darryl308,"This should be the Stealth Platformer benchmark that other stealth games should be compared to, 10/10."
,Recommended,214560,11754458,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,|TvM| A Pimp named Slickback!,Fanstastic game!  One of the hidden gems on Steam.
,Recommended,214560,33157670,Posted: 2 July,all,sokrman20,This game is great. Stealth platform gaming at its finest.
76561197982456724,Recommended,214560,33168646,Posted: 2 July,all,Smoey,"100% worth the money.Redefines what a stealh game should be.Short, sweet. not over done.8 ish hours game play"
,Recommended,214560,15310018,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Storpotäten,"A fun 2D Stealth game where it actually matters if you are detected, the game is completely fair, with no bugs. I can wholeheartidly reccomend it."
,Recommended,214560,2326740,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Velimirius,Awesome game!
76561198096079278,Recommended,214560,20138684,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FriendFive,"I was looking for a game that would give me a pretty good ninja experience and this one didn't disappoint. This is a cool side-scrolling stealth platformer where you get to unlock and use all kind of ninja tools to sneak by guards in each level, or dispatch them in any number of ways. The game has cool mechanics; you can climb walls, hang from the ceiling, run, sneak, traverse air ducts, knock out lights, terrify guards, kill them, distract them with noise makers, hide behind or in things, glide, and all kinds of other ninja-like things. You have to be careful not to be seen and you have to be careful of noises you make. All of these mechanics are well-implemented in a 2-D world. You can go completely pacifist if you want to; you'll just have to be extra sneaky as you traverse each level. There are puzzles that make sense as you navigate buildings and take out security systems. The story is just so-so and I wasn't crazy about the ""Samurai Jack"" cartoony style of look to the game, but the game is really fun to play. There is full controller support, but it was a little wonky at times; specifically when trying to aim some of your thrown weapons. Other than that, I recommend this game if you think ninjas are totally sweet."
76561198008292505,Recommended,214560,2497287,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,nas1m,Simply awesome. I have never seen a game that has done stealth so well. Like sneaking up on your foes? Get it!
,Recommended,214560,8710515,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Shai Hulud,"This is an awesome game! It combines platforming, puzzling and stealth action in a most satisfying way. The story is a bit sparse but it oozes ninja mystique. On the other hand there's enough story in it to make me want to continue playing. The controls are spot on and responsive. I have only played it with keyboard and mouse but that works like a charm.  Oh, and the game looks absolutely fabulous. The gameplay is rock solid  and you unlock various special moves and equipment as you progress through the game. I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,214560,8480644,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Heiph,"Possibly my favourite game of the last year, the art style is simply fantastic. The gameplay is super-slick and you do get the feeling of being super ninja when you execute that perfect run without being noticed at all. Utterly replayable thanks to unlocks and paths to choose from such as the path of silence (my personal favourite).The DLC also makes wonderful additions to your kit, another path and additional maps with it's own story.Highly worth picking up and great value. Thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,214560,9054359,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Almisuifre,"Tenchu meets Metal Slug. Silent kills, ninja skills, sneaking thrills !Nice and fluid gameplay, with an efficient deadly character, very pleasant to handle. A stealth game reference."
,Recommended,214560,16732612,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Zewqew,Great and fun game
76561197969544001,Recommended,214560,359090,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"This game is pretty brilliant. After the Shank titles I wasn't confident Klei could make a smash hit, but Mark of the Ninja is very well done. I was playing Hitman recently and realized how flawed the game mechanics were at a basic level in that game, Mark of the Ninja takes everything Hitman does right and doesn't screw it up with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ points system and heavy reload times.Mark of the Ninja is a stealth action game, but it's hard to really relate it to anything as it sort of stands out on its own. It still plays like a 2d beat em up, but there's so much more thought put into Mark compared to Shank. I have to say I'm very happy with what Klei came up with here and I'll be watching them moving forward."
76561198277433556,Recommended,214560,33195841,Posted: 3 July,all,LePerv,"With every death comes honor. With honor, redemption."
76561198189436493,Recommended,214560,18750673,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Undefined_Virtue,"If you like 2D Ninja Gaiden , this game is for you ( without the sore thumbs from wall climbing ).My only real complaint, is that it isn't on Vita.Pros+Artwork and Voice.Controls Are Easy to Understand and Use.AI (Guards) are Intuitive when Searching, adding to the suspense.Saves throughout the level.Various upgrades that will add replay value, also score, if your a leaderboard finatic.The developers have been very generous with sales, dlc, and platform variety.Cons-Controls can be a little problematic, but, that's being perfect.Full price is a little steep without it being mobile, so add it to your wishlist.Personal Note-Stealth Inc is one of the first games I bought for Vita that I was willing to pay full price for, wanting to promote a good company.They haven't let me down, and look forward to Invisible Inc."
,Recommended,214560,15433742,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Tanekoshima,"A must-have for every stealth platformer fan. Great ambience, superb controls and mechanics and top notch design. Save for a few nuisances regarding checkpoints (really late in the game the checkpoint had me right in front of a stalker, which meant a sure alert everytime, had to restart the level) a near-perfect game, with a nice balance between challenge and fun.Be sure to get the special edition for an extra level with Dosan!"
,Recommended,214560,610072,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Pirateguybrush,"I'm yet to play much, but what I have played has been excellent.  Definitely recommend."
76561198046311355,Recommended,214560,29348264,Posted: 18 January,all,Khronikos,"Absolutely fantastic stealth game. The best game this developer has made, and in many ways a little masterpiece. From the art style, which is impeccable and cohesive, to the upgrades and overall gameplay systems, there is really nothing to complain about here, at least in my opinion.Levels never go on for too long, and the story has a nice cartoonish vibe that totally gels with the overall presentation, pushing you further into its world of darkness and light. The commentaries posted about that you must shoot with darts explain a ton about the development. I really appreciated these easter eggs strewn throughout.You can go at your own pace as well, earning rewards for how you play the level and choosing different suits and materials to dispatch your enemies. Silent assassin or ninja killer, it really doesn't matter in the end. Do it how you want to. I prefer killing but not getting detected. With the DLC, which is one longer level with a different character, you are introduced to even more ways to fool enemies and distract them while you do your work. A short but sweet addition to decently sized main game.I honestly can think of very few things this game does wrong. A couple of the levels have some hard to distinguish switches, but other than that this is clearly a labor of love type of game. Exceeds expectations and a true classic of the genre. Highly recommended."
76561198142461480,Recommended,214560,23589341,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Golden Morning,"Pros:-Different type of stealth-Easy Achievements (100% on it)-2 difficulties (normal and game plus)-Lots of Enemies-Different methods of playing the game-Replayable-Interesting story (Ending will change your mind about the whole game)Cons:-Short game (5-7 hours, depending on whether you want to complete all the achievements)-DLC is very short for $6"
76561198086103957,Recommended,214560,19245624,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,mackeym10,Really cool 2d stealth game.
,Recommended,214560,19238197,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kyrottimus,Very fun single-player experience.  7.5/10
76561198186011065,Recommended,214560,19251522,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,♛ LE_KING ♛,Very well done ...easily one of the best game around if love love stealth games
,Recommended,214560,16638286,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Choco,you ever wonder what assassin's creed would like if it had a good stealth sytem? well this is what it looks like
76561197972191917,Recommended,214560,19187441,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Uberwaldlander,"Mark of the Ninja picked up the spirit of the old Eidos legends - the original Deus Ex, Hitman Trilogy, and Thief Trilogy - then hid it in the shadows of a 2D world while nobody was looking. Yes, Klei made a few references to those within the game, but they also deliver in terms of gameplay.The gameplay is challenging, open-ended about most rooms of the game, very fluid, and very pleasant over-all. Guard NPCs respond appropriately to most of the absurd situations you will set up for them. Obstacles like traps and lasers will present a challenge for first-time players and yet another way to get things done for more experienced players. Even rats and birds can be of use to a creative ninja. Skillful gameplay, such as stealth and/or pacifism, is rewarded with upgrades which add more possibilities still. Optional objectives and bonus rooms need only be completed once to earn their upgrade point, but they are still acknowledged with the same score bonus if completed on the next play-through. And after you beat the game for the first time, you can enjoy it again in a more challenging mode.There are just a few spills to this fluid gameplay. Autosaving is automatic and you cannot rewind to a previous save point. Pickpocketing only works with RightMouseButton, but the game gives you bad advice and suggests using the letter E, which always leads to a failed attempt. Using E to open a door before entering focus mode can fail to freeze time, which can mean death. Some of the ""upgrades"" have their downsides - the upgraded smoke bomb may cost you your stealth bonus, and the upgraded halucinogen dart will cost you your non-lethal bonus - and upgrades cannot be undone. I opted to reset the game after foolishly upgrading my smoke bomb.A somewhat personal gripe of mine: there are no provisions for completing the game entirely without casualties. Kelly and Karajan both die by the player's sword when their time comes (and get mime'd to death if the player left his sword in his other ninja outfit;) three stalkers bumbled into deathtraps in Tabriz and then blamed me for their own deaths;the ending adds one more casualty,adding up tosixin what was supposed to be a non-lethal playthrough.But the many upsides far outweigh the few downsides. I highly enjoyed this game, and strongly recommend it to anyone else who enjoyed the iconic old Eidos masterpieces."
,Recommended,214560,12212102,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Suede,"How insanely ironic that the game that made me feel most like a ninja is the one that was made outside of Japan.The story is nothing to yell and scream about but the atmosphere, sound design and mechanics tighter than a shadow's embrace more than make up for it. In spades. This is a game where any approach really is viable... if you can hack it.Ninja Gaiden Sigma is still where I go to feel like the coolest warrior who ever lived, but this is game I turn to when I actually want to feel like a ninja."
,Recommended,214560,2553537,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Blue,"A low budget indie side scroller and, amazingly, also the best stealth action game I've ever played. Never, ever let someone say making good games is about big money, this is cabal proof that it's all on creativity, vision, commitment and risk. Most highly recommended!"
76561198052919524,Recommended,214560,9200792,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,BeatleNumber9,"This game is basically Dishonored, if it was a 2D platformer....Okay there's a little more to it than that.In Mark of the Ninja you play as an unnamed ninja warrior, who has gained super human stealth powers from a series of mysterious tattoos he has aquired over the years, hense the title ""Mark"" of the Ninja.The game starts out with your Ninja training grounds being attacked my mysterious gunmen. It's up to you to track down the people responcible for the attack and annihilate them like a good ninja would. But along the way you uncover something that puts your loyalty to your Master at risk. What is it? Play it and find out.I love this game, it's one of the best stealth games I've ever played. Even though it's not an immersive first-person game, it really makes you feel like a real ninja. With how you barely make any sound when you sneak around, using the shadows to your advantage, and of course the grusome executions of enemies.One cool thing about the game is, like Dishonored, you can actually go through most levels without killing anyone. And while some may think, ""Where's the fun in that?"" You can actually get a bonus at the end of each level for not killing anyone, or being seen by anyone, plus going that route make the game more suspenseful and challenging.There are also some amazing weapons you aquire throughout the game. Like the ""Fear Darts,"" which make enemies see there's fellow gunmen as horrifying hillucinations and shoot at them. Or, my favorite, the ""Carnivorous Beetles"" which can devour an enemy alive, bone and all.Along with the weapons, you can unlock different costumes, which each have different advantages and disadvantages. My favorite of them is definitely the ""Nightmare"" costume, which will instantly terrify enemies if they see someone you killed, or if they see you.The only thing I really have to complain about is that on some computers the game will run great, but right when you decide to quit the game, it will freeze your computer and you'll have to restart it. It's really annoying, but doesn't really affect the overall gameplay in any way.I really can't reccomend this game enough, even with the annoying occasional crashing at the end it's still great. If you love games like Dishonored and Assassin's Creed you'll definately love this game."
,Recommended,214560,13565214,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Serenity404,Masterpiece is not an exaggeration for this game. As a stealth genre fan this one is by far the best game I've ever played. Almost flawless. A level editor and community workshop would make it last much longer however the 7-8 hours experience alone is already satisfying for it's price. A must play for every gamer. Also story is cool too.
,Recommended,214560,11427837,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,omni homeless,this is the most accurate shinobi simulator and a challenging game i love almost everything about this game the levels the challenge the story and goal. going kill crazy will hurt your game scores while being stealthy will give you huge bounuses. only bad thing i have to say is the game is short took me 18 hours to beat the main game and dlc with all uniforms weapons distractions and attacks unlocked i would love a mark of the ninja 2 but idk if its gonna happen my rating is 95/100 flaming bunnies
,Recommended,214560,1002237,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Dr. Kaganétias,One of the best stealth games I have ever played.The 2D Art style is simply beautiful. A must own for any stealth fan.
,Recommended,214560,2273028,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,DrAcid,"Wow.  A rare stealth game!Play as you want, be a dangerous assasin! Be a shadow that hides in the night! Be the Darkness itself!Really atmospheric game, great on stealth, wonderful animations, original mechanics!I definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,214560,19167996,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,drakedalfa,This game is kinda tricky with the controls but after you get use to it it easy to control the game.
76561197996558186,Recommended,214560,11506781,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Thorgrax,"From the creators of the Shank series and Don't Starve comes this black pearl.I usually dont play stealth games. Brute Force is more my thing. But this thing is is probably the IRL historic most accurate way to make a Ninja game in modern times.You are not discouraged from fighting, but an open approach or careless running to the Right will soon end you. I personally enjoyed the Batman-Style nonlethal approach best, because its both the most challenging way to play this game and the one that gives you the best scores.Comes with an engulfing mainstory with side missions, collectables and minigames in each level. And an unsuspected plot twist that once again shows, that there is no good or bad in this world, only decisions based on limited knowledge."
,Recommended,214560,13565738,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ser Davos,"Extremely fun steallth game, one of my favourite so far.Has a few issues here and there.Controller is definnitely recommended but playing with a keyboard and mouse is surprisingly responsive and some may even prefer it instead of a controller unlike most of the games within this format.8/10"
76561198020918685,Recommended,214560,3329985,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Barney,"It's surprsing how well a 2D Stealth game can work, and this really does work. In fact it might be my favourite stealth game. It's huge with so many different tools and approaches available to you, it's staggering. Hugely enjoyable."
,Recommended,214560,1058816,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Jascha,Great arcade and stealth game!
76561197995779592,Recommended,214560,33199427,Posted: 3 July,all,Geello,Great game. Getting it on sale is litteraly a steal.
,Recommended,214560,7392014,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Fuzzball,"Stealth made visually simple, yet it retains all the fun and strategy required of a good ninja game. A little confusing at first, but once you've quickly learned its mechanics, the visual cues will help you master its excellent gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,270758,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Abbe,"Disclaimer: Might be a bit weird, it's late and I have no clue if what I write makes sense. :)Mark of the Ninja is a game you should buy.If you like sneaky games this is definitely for you. It’s one of the best ninja-sneaky-backstab games I have ever played and the sheer intelligence and commitment of the devteam to create a great experience for the player is admirable.It took me maybe 14-17 hours for my first playthrough (guessing), and the rest of the time (of a total 26,6h) to play the new DLC level, playing it through again in NG+ and collecting all achievements.In short it’s a platform sneak game, you play as a ninja with various skills, keeping to the shadows and trying to advance by backstabbing or avoiding the enemies. You are not the strongest fighter and while you can fight one-on-one, you won’t survive multiple alert enemies, so you take it slow and plan your way forward.However, if things go south you can always flee, or just reload, often you have a checkpoint just outside the area that you tried to clear, so you can be back where you was in a matter of seconds. The game load saves instantly, I have reloaded some checkpoints probably 10-15 times over and over just because I haven’t gotten the right outcome.So, the game is great, the areas present different challenges with both puzzles and enemy encounters, forcing you to become a better ninja.Gameplay and design is top-notch, they have put a lot of time in everything from how you make sound to how the enemies walk, act and react. You see enemy sightcones, if they have nightvision, what status they are in and when you run what soundwaves that you make, giving you optimal information to how to approach any situation.Through a time-stop mode you can queue up several actions that will be performed by the ninja. So while you are jumping off from a light you can stop time and throw two darts and a poisonbomb and then grapple away to a treebranch.You have optional suits to change up your gameplay, I enjoyed almost all of these in my NG+ playthrough, some giving you hilarious combos and chain effects that makes you squeal happily in your seat.NG+ makes the game harder by removing most of the help that you get as a player, after having played the normal mode and learning these things by heart, it’s very thrilling to not see what’s behind your character. Having to guesstimate how close you can run up to an enemy before he notice your footsteps, or how close you can get to the dog without it picking up your trail. Going by enemy design to judge if they have night-vision and if they are looking in your direction. I enjoyed NG+ maybe even more than normal mode, but the normal mode was excellent practice for it, if I hadn’t played the game in normal mode first, I probably wouldn’t have liked NG+.So, bad stuff, honestly it’s not that much. Controls can act up a bit, they can be kind of finicky where you need to look to get the correct action. When it’s a tight space and you slide down just behind an enemy you miss some actions that would seem natural to do.Some checkpoints in the later levels are horrendous, especially in the last level where you can spawn inside a house where there is a very dangerous enemy patrolling, whom you don’t want to get seen by. Some areas are very large, making a small mistake cost you a lot of work. But most of the time it just work and feels natural.I’ve probably become annoyed by more things but honestly they are a speck of dust on a gem.Graphics pretty much look like a very, very pretty flashgame, same with the cinematics. Don’t look down on this, it looks awesome and the ninja animations are awesome. A lot of work have gone into the style to make surfaces and the areas both pretty and functional.Music is mostly ambient, works well but nothing you will write love poems about.Technically it worked fine, I played with a Xbox 360 controller and had no crashes or anything mess my game up.Hope you buy it and enjoy it as much as I did! :D"
76561198045254040,Recommended,214560,11023949,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Loup Garou,"Mark of the ninja is by far the closest I have felt like I was controlling a ninja. The controls are perfect for this game, if you died it was your own fault. Each level has many rooms to explore and progress through so you could take a diffrent route in your second playthrough if you wished.  The art style is great, and the mechnics are one of those easy to learn hard to master kinda deals.That aside I do have a few problems, My major problem is that one of the costumes does not work. The ""Path of nightmares"" outfit does not do what it says in it's discription unfortunatly. (in short it is ment to scare enimies but it does not) the game is slightly repetitive in it's level design, not with the puzzles mind you e.g if there is an enemy constantly staring at a door there will ALWAYS be a vent to enter this room from behind the enemy. The challenge is changed to finding the vent rather then figuring out your own method of passing.With this all said I sill think it is a great game to play and experiance a great buy!"
76561198046931205,Recommended,214560,17991367,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Billy Ray Cyrus,♥♥♥♥♥JOGO♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214560,2956729,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Lyca,This is the best stealth game I've played in years and the ending is amazing.
,Recommended,214560,11929048,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,FlauntingZimbabwe,"Mark Of The Ninja, Where do i even start. This game, is BY FAR, THE MOST *gets shot* ......... *mumbles while dying* ...most amazing stealth game ive played......."
,Recommended,214560,13778317,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GabeOfThrones,My 2012 Co-GOTY.
,Recommended,214560,26743075,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,주하일™,No comment is already a comment right? Lel
,Recommended,214560,32244080,Posted: 7 June,all,Fat Man,Great game
76561197972720101,Recommended,214560,13209431,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,batzen,Awesome 2 D Stealth Game .
,Recommended,214560,13214713,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,vgcarlos,"Definitely an awesome stealth game, great animations and great gameplay mechanics. Would buy again A+++++++....lol"
76561197973810597,Recommended,214560,636502,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Marshall,A fun stealth-action platformer with a well told story and good replayability.
,Recommended,214560,3724483,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,TAR KUS,"Smart, fun and good! I therefore recommend this game to everybody."
,Recommended,214560,673812,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Haxavier,"Don't be fooled by its side-scrolling nature - this is a hardcore stealth game, and if I dare say one of the best stealth games to come out for the PC since Thief II. The controls may need some getting used to, especially if you're using a keyboard, but considering MotN's intuitive  handling of concealment, sound, and AI, it's well worth your money, even if stealth games aren't normally your thing.Perhaps most of all, this game allows you to deal with each room, each challenge in your own way depending on your gear and preferences. There's nothing quite like dangling a corpse from a ceiling and have his buddy find it, be terrified ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and stumble off a ledge to his death."
,Recommended,214560,11774246,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Nighthawk,"Mark of the Ninja is the first video game to actually do justice to the true way of the ninja, Stealth. It is the HARDEST Stealth game I've ever played, in a good way. It also has a great aesthetic.8.5/10"
,Recommended,214560,9732370,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Locket,"Man i really enjoyed this game.The stealth and fight mechanics were great, the movement and controls were reallt tight. Favoring stealth and sneeky kills. This all worked really well and really what made the game shine.The story was ok abut the art style was excellent.Cant praise this game enough! Very enjoyable."
,Recommended,214560,2726640,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,MaxiMkIV,"Easily one of the best Stealth games out there. Mark of the Ninja is one of the best games to come out in 2012. As a stealth game it's really well done, the idea that you're a ninja and not a samurai is a brilliant emphasis on the play style this game presents. As a Ninja your mission is to avenge your clan and take out the bad guys. Pretty simple in the story department. Gameplay is 2D and all the information you need to know is there, how much sound you make is given off by rings broadcasted from the last position you made noise, if enemies are with the radius of these rings then they'll investigate. The greatest thing is enemies suffer from fear, as you do horrible things to the unlucky schmucks they'll start panicking and this can go either way as they shoot their buddies or hit you in the process. Combat is pretty non-existent in this game. You can stun enemies, but you'll most likely be out-numbered and killed in that pursuit. Instead your attacks come in the form of gadgets, like traps. As long as an enemy cannot see you, you can kill in up-close stealth take-down form! The last point I want to make is masks. Masks alter the game in subtle ways that change how you approach sandboxes for example there is a mask that lets you take more Offensive gadgets or there is a mask that makes your enemies panic if they see corpses of their buddies anywhere (not just hanging from lamp-posts). The masks are all unlockable and this ties in with the game's replayability. The game is already highly replayable but the masks add different flavours of fun, and that's something the game is, amazing fun!"
76561198058828212,Recommended,214560,17552229,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valentine,It was ok.
,Recommended,214560,18493396,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Munkie_[B],"I enjoy the game but I had to turn off fullscreen, bloom, etc to get the game to stop lagging. It still looks pretty good, though."
,Recommended,214560,9045995,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,You Dummies,The simplicity of this game is the best part about it. Amazingly fun.
,Recommended,214560,7430208,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,RepairmanJack,"Fun platformer, lots of way to kill enemies and sneaky ninja♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214560,1291808,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,• Moayad,AWESOMEEEEEEEeeeee!!not boring ..must be quick and must not reveal by enemiesi recommended itMy Rating : 10/10
76561198091338358,Recommended,214560,28397443,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,was ok
76561198069746012,Recommended,214560,6587003,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,N0B0DY,GOTY
76561198002124849,Recommended,214560,29906589,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Beautiful animation, solid gameplay, great stealth mechanics. Highly recommended for fans of both platformers and stealth games."
76561198077081869,Recommended,214560,6844741,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Bathory,Highly Recommended!
,Recommended,214560,167401,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Deimos,A great side scroller. I would recommend any of the Klei Entertainment side scrollers like this one (Shank and Shank 2). I'm so glad that this genre has been re-imagined on modern computers and these games are a welcomed addition.
76561198079347255,Recommended,214560,8402971,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Muprupspur,"Very entertaining piece of art, 5/5."
76561197979558308,Recommended,214560,11741508,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Erratic Buddha,"Really enjoyed this one, nothing ground breaking just good solid all round platformer."
,Recommended,214560,13015051,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Hermes \m/,It has ninjas10/10
76561198045986994,Recommended,214560,29913015,Posted: 13 February,all,ski_frii,"Mark of the Ninja is a well-polished and aesthetically pleasing 2D stealth platformer.  The game allows for varied playstyles, but is best suited for gamers who enjoy a tactical and measured approach to stealth games.  It took me 11 hours to beat, and has a large degree of replayability.Although the first couple missions were somewhat slow, increasing map complexity, plot development, and ability unlocks made the game more enjoyable as I kept playing.  Your character unlocks new items and techniques by progressing through the game and completing optional objectives.  New map elements and enemies are steadily deployed over the course of the game.  Later maps also tend to be larger and more dynamic.In general, the game mechanics are fair and enhance the game's experience.  Platforming controls are precise and responsive.  The AI is roughly average for stealth games.  There is only one difficulty setting available on your first playthrough, but I think the difficulty level strikes a good balance that is both challenging and fun.  I didn't run into any glitches.I did feel the combat mechanics were clunky at times.  When not killing an enemy through stealth, it takes an inordinate number of punches to knock your target down.  Although this mechanic is not bad in itself, the game's spotty hit detection sometimes led to frustrating deaths.  It feels like there is a very small sweet spot that is not too far away from your character, but not too close either, where you are able to actually hit an opponent.  And sometimes when my character has an opportunity to stab a guy laying on the ground, he will instead punch the air in front of him.  Although frustrating, I wouldn't say the combat mechanics have any specific major flaw.Fortunately, the sometimes clunky combat mechanics are the game's only flaw.  Mark of the Ninja has great art, music, voice lines, and sound effects.  Gameplay, plot, and themes are all deftly developed throughout the game's experience.  I plan on playing Mark of the Ninja again, and recommend it to anyone reading this review."
,Recommended,214560,20905849,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Fishbus,A deservedly marked milestone in the stealth game genre.A satisfying experience catering to all play styles; which turns into a fiendishly awesome puzzle if you go for a no kill/detection run.
,Recommended,214560,11754453,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Green Giant,"I have only beat around 4 levels so far in the game, but I can already say that this game is pretty damn good. The controls are very easy and responsive. The gameplay is quite simple as well, but also innovative. There are many different ways to beat the levels, which results in a lot of replayability. You can also unlock new upgrades and attacks, which makes you want to perfect every single level to get enough points for all the upgrades. The stealth mechanic works really good as well, if you're into stealth games then I can assure you that you will love this game. The good thing about this game is that you can decide if you want to kill every single guard or if you just want to try sneaking past them. Basically, you can decide if you want to go lethal or non-lethal.Do I recommend this game? YES YES AND YES, I think you should definitely buy it."
76561198029093963,Recommended,214560,29603120,Posted: 31 January,all,laudal,"A damn fine 2d stealth platformer. Challening. Creative, and fun. Different ways to handle each levels, each encounter, different abillites and gear types you can use. A decent story , with some decent characters. Yeah recommended if you love stealth games with some good platformer elements. Its also cool that it has new game plus aviable."
76561198156339015,Recommended,214560,31426891,Posted: 28 April,all,iyanweb17,"You will die alot, but the ending is worth it."
,Recommended,214560,24278177,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Fenchurch,Great little indie game with solid controls/gameplay/mechanics and story line. Coudln't really ask for more!
,Recommended,214560,11900145,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,UpInFlames,"Mark of the Ninja is a 2D side-scrolling stealth game from Canadian developer Klei, makers of Eets, Shank and Don’t Starve. To put it simply, Mark of the Ninja is a 2D mash-up of Batman: Arkham Asylum and Ninja Gaiden. However, unlike those two, it is a stealth game through and through. It is a true ninja game. Ninjas weren’t open field warriors, they prowled in the shadows only striking on completely unaware enemies in total silence. And this game will make you feel like a true ninja.This is achieved through great level design and fluid mechanics which facilitate experimentation and don’t penalize you for slight mistakes. Instead, the game grants you the tools and abilities to recover and vanish from sight once again to try a different approach. This design philosophy is crucial as it so effectively bypasses the trial-and-error tedium that plagues stealth game so often. There are almost always multiple ways to tackle each situation. You can try to distract the guards with your assortment of gear, you can take out the lights, or you can simply try an alternate route through the level. Every level can be completed without killing anyone or even without being seen at all. On the flip side, you can choose to slaughter absolutely everyone. This freedom of choice and emphasis on player experimentation makes Mark of the Ninja truly engaging and rewarding. However, there aren’t any notable setpieces or particular design variety, even the range of enemy types is slim.The controls are absolutely superb. All the moves and assassinations flow wonderfully and are achieved effortlessly without having to battle your control input of choice be it a controller or mouse/keyboard combo. The graceful ballet of stealth and death is heightened even further by the fast and fluid animations, although more assassination animations would have gone a long way to make it even better. Each level also has a hidden gateway which will transport you into a challenge room. This is mostly designed as an environmental puzzle requiring you to bypass certain obstacles such as lasers in order to get to a reward item. These challenge rooms are well designed and offer a nice change of pace.Mark of the Ninja will take you on a trip through Asian landscapes including urban and rural areas as well as a Eastern European fortress and a brief Middle East stint. The visual style is definitely nice enough, but it rarely impresses and it feels kind of similar throughout. The same can be said of the soundtrack, it fits well with the theme of the game, but it doesn’t stand out in any way. The truly disappointing part is the storytelling. It is an absolutely awful mish-mash of predictable cliches, lazy writing and poor voice acting. It’s incredibly boring and uninteresting. This is such a shame because a compelling narrative could have elevated the gameplay and the design into new heights by providing much needed context. As it is, it’s just sort of there for the hell of it. But at least the storytelling isn’t intrusive and doesn’t take away from the gameplay in any way.Mark of the Ninja is a very enjoyable game with engaging gameplay and emergent level design that is an easy recommendation to any stealth fan or any video game fan, for that matter. However, I can’t escape the feeling that it simply lacks some sort of an unidentifiable element that would elevate it into the territory of a true modern classic.7 OUT OF 10 (GOOD)"
,Recommended,214560,2172641,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,UnclDeD,Очень годная игра.
76561198066241654,Recommended,214560,31816947,Posted: 17 May,all,Kakos,"The gameplay genuinely surprised me. It is far better than it is made to look.The story surprised me even more. It had a solid, decent plot throughout, but the ending was so strong that I had to play through several parts again to catch things I missed before.The one negative is that this is a pretty short game....wait for a sale, but definitely grab it."
76561198259441163,Recommended,214560,33501643,Posted: 13 July,all,Infinity,"Mark of the ninja deserves as a great stealth platforming 2D game, it's clever stealth mechanics, great controls, and a deep storyline makes this game even more majestic. Followed by a ninja who wield a mark that strengthens his ability incredibly that gain advantage over missions to overtake, but the mark isn't always good. The mark can make somebody driven to madness and tyranny, that's for you to decide on. Kill yourself to end your misery as the tradition said or destroy your clan to become a tyrant. If you're lookin' for some stealth games like AC but more simpler and still lives up the stealth genre, this the best game for you."
,Recommended,214560,9236672,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,The Iron Pig,"Just get the damn game.Thats allBut really, the story is fun and the graphics are ammusing.Those are the good things...bad things nowThe Voice acting is terrible. The sound level, bad. I couldnt here what they were saying over the music...But still this game is one of my favorites.My gaming score: 6/10"
,Recommended,214560,1087061,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Kubusta,"One of the best game I have played lately.It has nice graphics, many options how to pass through levels and also kind of interesting story.Perfect stealth-action 2D game. Highly recommended.10/10"
76561198043430008,Recommended,214560,29028363,Posted: 5 January,all,HolyMolyOllyPolly,"""He's gonna kill that guard dog, isn't he?""*Knocks it out*""Oh, thank God."""
,Recommended,214560,19232321,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Captain Gamer,"...play, hide, stab ,finish!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198071530389,Recommended,214560,26741795,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ϟ Blissful ϟ,"Two guards and a dog were walking together during a thunder storm. A streetlight bursts and the first guard disappears. The still standing guard becomes confused and looks around for his friend. Lightning flashes reveiling the first guard hanging by the neck from the streetlamp. The second guard screams and in a panic and begins firing wildly at nothing, accidentally killing his dog. He now stood alone in the rain petrified of every sound in the rain. Lightning flashes again allowing the guard to catch a brief glimps of a red mask, before a click under his foot sends tiny metal fragments bursting through his skull.Later, a third guard nearly ♥♥♥♥♥ himself after stumbling upon two dead guards hanging from the streetlights over a dead dog. He shoots himself.10/10 would push innocent guard to kill himself again."
76561197999896199,Recommended,214560,1931143,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,|TeM| Reikhardt,"Excellent stealth plaformer, with a great range of tools and gizmos allowing a variety of approaches to tackling or avoiding enemies.Also you can hang the corpses of defeated enemies to scare their allies. Always good for a laugh."
,Recommended,214560,21293516,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,keybearer,Who have you been talking to?
,Recommended,214560,9469192,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Magical Purple Man,"An amazing game from Klei (Makers of Shank, Shank 2, and Don't Starve and Eets Munchies which came out after this game).It is the idea of a ninja stealth game with it's full potential truly revealed.You can go around silting the throats of everyone in the game or you can go for the more risky, 0 detection, no kills and being a true ninja, Levels are well thought out with stunning visuals and incredibly clever design, unlockable costumes add a ton of replay value some are unlocked through the story, but most are unlocked from special challenges set upon you in the level, they are well worth unlocking and allow you to play your favorite play style much easier/ more efficient.Its story is simple but is told through amazingly animated cutscenes, and the ending had an amazing impact on me, despite how simple and kind of generic it is when you think about it.My only real issues are that it is pretty short (but still fun none the less) and that you are rewarded more upgrade points for being non-stealthy but the only real things you can buy are used for killing (though the unlockable costumes fix this somewhat).But overall i would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,214560,11837326,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,KliPeH,"TL;DR - Mark of the Ninja provides good 6-7 hours of gameplay for the average player. If you don't totally suck and you don't score-attack, you're in for a few hours of stealth-action platforming and a fairly good storyline. If you're not into score-attacking and perfecting the game, or if you don't like stealth-focused games AT ALL, you might want to either wait for a sale or give it up completely; being careless and going for the extreme offensive won't get you very far in the game, and a good score unlocks quite a lot of stuff you can use to your advantage. I'm bad at stealth-based games, and I still had great fun with it. Awesome experience, will probably replay it sometime in the future.Visuals: 7/10MotN's graphics are very cartoony, and very similar to those which Klei showed us in its Shank games. While I'm not a huge fan of cartoon-ish graphics in video games, I do like the way information is conveyed through graphical cues and not in a form of text as it would in most other games.For example, being a stealth-based game, Mark of the Ninja lets you know when you can't be seen/detected by draining the color from your character when he's in the darkness and outlining him in white, as opposed to showing the true color while standing in front of/under a source of light. Another example is being able to see the sound-waves coming from their source in form of ripples, and seeing them in advance when aiming your equipment and tools (which allows for tactical, decision-based stealth action).Controls and UI: 8/10Mark of the Ninja has fully rebindable keys and fully functioning menus in general. Controlling the equipment-selection menu with the mouse was a bit weird, but other than that it's alright.WASD and Space (jump) to move, Left-click to attack and perform executions, Right-click to use the grappling-hook, E to interact with objects and Left-ctrl to stop time and use equipment.The UI consists of the score-bar and the stealth-meter on the top left corner, and your equipment selection on the bottom left corner. Great controls, decent UI, nothing too intrusive or bad about any of these. No complaints here.Music and SFX: 7/10Both the voice acting and the music in the cut-scenes are good, but I didn't notice the music much when I actually played. Sound-effects are great, and the game handles sound-cues in a very interesting manner. I elaborated a bit about that in the Visuals section and I have nothing to add. No complaints here either.Mechanics: 9/10While there's no randomness involved in the levels and exploration is somewhat limited, they all provide at least two different ways to beat them. You gain more points by avoiding guards or killing them without being spotted, rather than going on a rampage and fighting them without any attempts to conceal yourself. This style-point system makes MotN especially fun for score-attackers and people who like to beat levels with the best score possible.If you get close enough to your enemy without being noticed, you have an option to execute them - a QTE followed by an animation and the instant death of that foe. If you fail the QTE you will gain less points, and any nearby enemies will be alerted. You can unlock executions from the provided execution-tree to kill guards with less effort and in more convenient ways. In order to unlock them, and also new equipment, seal-points are required. You get these by completing side-missions (which are optional) and finding scrolls that are hidden in each level. Your score is calculated by the following factors: scrolls found and collected, side-missions done, and stars for your overall score. Gain overall-score by killing or disabling guards, by collecting artifacts (hidden as well) and by finding scrolls (1,000 points for each).Killing guards, especially when chaining different executions together, then retreating using walljumping, your grappling hook and various types of equipment, help keep the game dynamic giving the player a very great sense of control over their situation as a whole. If you get spotted and don't respond fast enough, you can be very sure you're getting in trouble. Performing QTE's to disable opponents, while not as intuitive as real-time brawling could be, feels very satisfying and feedback upon doing so (visual, auditory) is excellent. I never felt like I was being cheated or that the levels were set up to trick me; it's more often that not possible for you to deal with whatever the game throws at you, whether by leading obstacles in your path into traps, taking enemies out yourself (both lethal and non-lethal playstyles available) or by merely sticking to the shadows and staying unnoticed. No part of the game is unfair, and the ability to execute a plan properly rewards the players with points/stars which in turn cash in for more equipment and more ways to complete a level in the future.Replayability: 7/10You can unlock new characters by completing side-missions and beating the game itself to then go back and play with said characters on previous levels (if you had a hard time perfecting them with the default one). The score and style-point based system, combined with the different characters and the many ways to complete levels, encouraged me to play through them more than once and try to beat them in the best way possible.In general, you probably won't go through the whole story AGAIN, unless you want to try the New Game+ mode, but you MIGHT want to replay a level a few times just to get the maximum amount of points out of it and find all the scrolls/artifacts it provides. If you're not a score-attacker but you do love the stealth aspect of the game, you'll probably buy MotN for the sole purpose of completing the story, effectively dropping the replayability-value to 2 or 3 out of 10.In my case, I did try to find EVERYTHING and perfect ALL the levels, so I put nearly 27 hours into it. Other than that, I was basically done with it after 9. Still, the game doesn't need randomly generated levels or RNG elements; the handcrafted levels combined with a well-tailored story should leave most players satisfied and ensure they get their worth out of their money regardless if they bought the game full-price or grabbed it on one of its sales.EDIT - 24/11/2014Updated the review to match my review-template- added Visuals, Controls and UI, Music and SFX, Mechanics, and Replayability. Before the update, all the review contained were parts of the Mechanics and the Replayability sections, and the TL;DR bit. I decided to organize it, add what was missing.EDIT - 07/01/2015Moved the TL;DR bit to the top- I realize some people don't feel like reading the whole review and just want to read my conclusion about the game right away. Reading the TL;DR first will probably help understand my point faster.Wording.EDIT - 24/11/2016Added the second Mechanics paragraph- Explaining why I found the game enjoyable rather than just listing its mechanics and leaving it at that.Wording."
,Recommended,214560,14929704,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,gab,"+ Great graphics with high level of detail and depth+ Narrative tutorial mixed in with storyline makes it easy to grasp controls and gameplay+ Storyline is excellent+ Voice acting is very good+ Stealth and action gameplay is amazing+ High rep value, to get achievements and high scores+ No time limit for stages, does not cause panic+ Death consequences are not harsh, with checkpoints frequently availableA must-have game! Very fun to play and will never get bored of it :) Only wish there were more DLCs!"
76561198095696707,Recommended,214560,22851236,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Thway the AetherKnight,"A top-notch stealth game and a top-notch game in general.You play as an anonymous ninja, defending your honor from the shadows. That's about it.And that's not just some pretentious teaser slogan. The game is a very dedicated study of ninja technique applied to a fun and challenging stealth/action platformer. Asassinate your enemies or avoid them entirely, but you don't stand a chance if you are detected.To win, you must be a true ninja.This game made me a true ninja.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,26665137,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Flynn,Fantastic 2d stealth platformer.
,Recommended,214560,26738306,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,kome360,+++ Excellent Parkour++ Multiple solutions to almost any encounter+ Sadistic killing tools+ (Mostly) Nonlethal run possible+ Awesome executions+ Multiple game modes-- Slippery ninja-- Confusing Controls- A bit too easy8/10
,Recommended,214560,26920475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cuma.elp,"i've put for more than 100 hours into this game. because you have multiple choices on how to enjoy this game. from the easiest path as the hunter to the most entertaining path as the nightmare. but you could stay stealth as a real ninja for the whole game. yes, this is the how real ninja supposed to. finishing the mission without noticed."
,Recommended,214560,3580973,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,GnomeSlice,"Definitely one of the best games I've played in recent memory.  Extremely engaging and polished, and it just oozes style.Fans of platformers and/or stealth games, don't miss this one."
,Recommended,214560,12390419,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,ArashKage,Great game. it is worthy to buy.
,Recommended,214560,20056991,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,cosec,A truly satifying stealth experience.
,Recommended,214560,8917961,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[GZ] Ravine,*fwooosh* *taptaptaptap* *shiiiiiiing* Gaaargleurgla...Le meilleur jeu de NINJA! du monde
76561198108104820,Recommended,214560,28870952,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Aghyad,"It is absolutely a beautiful game and I am so glad that I came across it, I had an amazing experience with this game. It's a must play game, totally recommended 10/10!"
,Recommended,214560,17675744,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,RomireOnline,Pretty enjoyable game
76561198317108749,Recommended,214560,26469672,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CdiggetyDawg,"Mark of the Ninja is must play if you love ninjas and/or platformers.Its very visually pleasing and gameplay is really engaging. I didn't feel constricted being forced to follow one single path like most platformers do. Instead I was able to climb through vents, pick locked doors, and use my various ninja tools to distract gaurds and get them out of the way. Gameplay is 10/10.The story isn't terrible but it isn't great either. I didn't feel invested in the characters and their motives. The ending is also a little bare and left me wanting some closure. It does have a bit of a twist at the end though. The story is relatively short and I was able to finish it in about 6 hours.After you finish the main story you can play through it again but this time at a harder difficulty. It is worth playing to unlock the extra ninja suits and abilities if you haven't gotten them yet, but that is about it.Overall I would give the game 9/10. It has amazing gameplay and graphics, story is a little bare, and replayability is fairly low. It is a wonderful game and a must play for everyone."
,Recommended,214560,4510449,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Hellbeholder,"Mark of the Ninja is probably one of the best stealth-action games ever created.With it's wonderfull comic graphics, tight controls, great game and level design, replayability and a nice story, Ezio and Co. can hide in shame."
,Recommended,214560,29799879,Posted: 9 February,all,Jouppi,"Excellent stealth game, with nice visuals. It also has some replay value."
,Recommended,214560,24330557,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Ｒａｄｉａｎｔ ★,"Very well implemented Ninja and stealth gameplay, what's not to like? Gameplay is smooth and the controls are tight. The level designs are really good too with plenty of variety and the art style is quite nice too, it gives me Samurai Jack vibes. I wish there were tiddy ninjas in this like other ninja games though..."
,Recommended,214560,23867722,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Abdulla,Few Stealth Game I Love That One Of Them 10/10.
,Recommended,214560,8833268,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,handicapitation,My favorite stealth game ever!  Although I bought it on sale. this is easily worth the full price!
76561198140215971,Recommended,214560,32122477,Posted: 1 June,all,FinalCrutches04,"You play as a ninja and get to do sneaky♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nuff said.Also, it's just fun to go back to the levels and try to get a perfect score."
76561197990785685,Not Recommended,214560,32756088,Posted: 24 June,all,MattSch21,Fix dualshock 4 input. When I play with a dualshock 4 the camera moves to the top. It's unplayable and simple to fix
76561198022512109,Recommended,214560,24094449,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[S.N] Saru ''KITE'' man,Great game! A true jewel!
,Recommended,214560,14727567,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Compsognathus,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ__Xz4D8uM
76561198106930724,Recommended,214560,23751797,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,gig.blazing,"A masterpiece, highly recommended to stealth fans."
,Recommended,214560,27945230,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vincent,"best my stealth game, forever"
76561198113527643,Recommended,214560,13060407,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,gmanblack77,Mark of the Ninja is super sexy and they need to make a Mark of the Ninja 2.
76561198064260218,Recommended,214560,18801619,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Vroni,Short but intense.
,Recommended,214560,946957,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,DeathMaster,"Mark of the Ninja describes itself best as 'fast action stealth'. With speedy and thought-provoking mechanics - it gives you the tools to get the job done, but never tells you how to do it.A lot of what this game tries to do, it does downright perfectly. Foremost, the stealth action is perfect. You're free to execute any mission the way you prefer. Whether it's killing everyone or leave them all alive, the choice is yours.The keyboard+mouse controls aren't flawless. Some abilities require you to move the mouse in a certain direction, sometimes it misreads the movement and ruins the kill. Graphics are decent, the cutscenes are in Klei's trademark style and the story grasps your attention until the very end of the game.Through levels with diverging paths, tons of secrets and ways of slaughtering guards... It gives a true ninja feeling to the player. Especially after pulling off a perfect symphony of violence and disappearing into the shadows.If you've seen this game's Metascore its difficult to expect something less than one of the best games ever made. While perhaps the best in its genre, it's not 2012's GOTY, yet still extraordinarily good and something you must at least have tried.+ Superb gameplay+ Great sense of freedom+ Lots of moves, tools, secrets and unlockables+ Appropriately difficult+ Ninjas!- Mouse controls are not 100% accurate- Boss fights are few and dull- Poor checkpoint system8+/10"
76561198135295657,Recommended,214560,22562702,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,RaveWave,"Alright just recently finished Mark of the Ninja and I must say very well done game. If your a fan of 2D stealth games, example would be Party Hard, then this game is probably the game for you. Plenty of hidden things around the maps and different achievements to keep you busy even after finishing the main story.Sold Game would recommend 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,11741795,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Killmanwar ®✌,Awesome 2D game
76561198053256467,Recommended,214560,10480424,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,PlaidCrusader,(y)
,Recommended,214560,9151925,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Moosin,"This action packed platformer is one of the best I've seen in a while. interesting story, many ways to finish levels, and lots of ninja tools and strategies to use."
,Recommended,214560,32207981,Posted: 5 June,all,Tummy Grumblins,"You creepin? you should be!In this dark world of scares you play as the master ninja! Sneak through the hearts and minds of the ""gun guys"" (bad) as they learn to fear the shadows. The game is a challenge but it never feel too overwhelming... It gave me a great fright once or twice when the dogs come out. You will get to use a rainbow of ninja gadgets (bomb, throwing knife) and wear different ninja costume (1 with mask, 1 where you are brown~). Consider the possibilities.Con(3)-blood-scare-sometimes it hard to control itPro(7)-possibilities-go through the grate-sneaky feeling-good price!-many gadgets-costume too-give you reasons to come back to play3 to 7?! Get the game! The good game rating! For that price?? What is wrong with you!?"
,Recommended,214560,2131886,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Frigidman,"Really fun, and incredible! This is not your typical platformer where you mash buttons and fight ridiuclous boss after boss with stupid jumping puzzles in between minions. Rather, it is a well laid out, well planned, and very well executed mix of stealth, fight, and puzzle solving platformer.It is so well made, that I have not encountered a single glitch, crash, or bug. It truly is built for quality. The controls are intuitive (with an xbox360 controller), and fluid enough. The actions, skills, unlockable items and uniforms all flow well together for varied play style.Granted I have not been doing any of the 'in-your-face' fast battles, but rahter slinking around and silently killing everything in sight without so much as a frog fart of a noise happening haha. Its cool.If you don't have this, and like a change of scenery, some fun action, stealth, neat story... get this. Well worth ever damned penny I spent (and some, because I got it on sale!)."
,Recommended,214560,24156110,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,pedrinho,SASKEEEEEEEENARUTOOOOOOO
,Recommended,214560,24028848,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LATEXXJUGGERNUT,"This game still holds up, it is one of the games that offers enough choices despite being 2D.  Anyone who wants to feel like a true ninja should check this game out."
,Recommended,214560,770752,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Minax,"Mark of the Ninja is a stealth-action game, and it is amazing!It puts a *LOT* of emphasis on stealth: rushing headlong into your enemies will get you killed quick. You need to utilize your surroundings, consider the noise you make when performing certain actions as well as where your target is looking at the time. Most of the time you are equipped with your sword as well as handy gadgets. During the course of the game you unlock new items as well as new ninja outfits which can completely alter the playstyle of the game (but are almost entirely optional).The campaign takes a good 8-10 hours on average, I'd say. After you beat it you unlock New Game Plus which makes the enemies very deadly (one shot is usually enough to kill you), reduces your vision and removes all sound indicators - this makes for a very challenging second playthrough, indeed.There also is a score system for all the levels and working out the optimal approach to get the maximum score can be quite fun."
76561197972647874,Recommended,214560,27397249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Idleheretic,One of the few games that makes being a ninja fun and not a goddamn checklist or parady.
,Recommended,214560,11006305,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Funkynutz,"2D platformer that plays like Tenchu/Splinter Cell. All you wannabe ninjas should play this now.A dual analogue pad (360 or similar) is HIGHLY recommended, keyboard and mouse controls are a little wonky (mouse specifically)."
76561198050964797,Recommended,214560,9884229,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Allenspellwaver,This game makes Splinter Cell: Blacklist look shameful.
,Recommended,214560,29015570,Posted: 4 January,all,kikazapt,"i cant say how much i love the game :Du might think it will get boring after all its the old school stage system where everything will get a bit repetitive, but the truth is with some many possible things to do (1try the no-kill path 2go all kiling XD 3get all the scrools/colectibles 4etc) it wont get boring any time soon and i cant stop emphazizing how amazing every detail is.absolutly recomend for anyone to try even more if this sthealty games are your thing.(+steam sales are lovely so use them ;) )"
76561198014271166,Recommended,214560,8499256,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ç | ReconPete,"It's actually pretty cool, you really do have to be stealthy and its very tricky"
,Recommended,214560,10738705,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Thresh Sesh,"Probably one of my favorite platformers of all time, and easily one of my favorite stealth games. The movement is slick, the art style is fantastic, and the game is just an immersive experience everyone should enjoy at least once."
,Recommended,214560,26879564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-Scathatch,Great game for sure.. like kill stealth its pretty fun
,Recommended,214560,22559780,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Spooky Scarington,Pretty solid 2D stealth platformer that actually feels like a AAA title. Definitely worth a try.
,Recommended,214560,18087879,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,PConsoul,Good Stealthy game!!
,Recommended,214560,9369790,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Gumball 22,"The art style is like samurai jack, which looks B-E-A-utiful. the gameplay is nice and easy to those who know what there doing, and once you know the Mechanics of it. its is even more funny.( i love terrifying guards!) There are different costumes for different play styles, many tools for said play styles. i cant really say anything bad about it: its a stealth game, pure and simple."
,Recommended,214560,8744253,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Novacti,"This game is true stealth 2D game. The story is good, but the kills is the most like thing in this game. You unlocking a new playstyles and new upgrades and stuff. I play the Special Edition DLC too. I love ninja games like Tenchu. I like this game very much and this game is cheap. 9/10"
,Recommended,214560,8908179,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,DancefloorDale,"I've played the XBox [demo] version of this game before purchasing it. I played the demo over and over and over again. I loved it so much. I've never been an achievement hunter, but when it comes to this game, doing so is very rewarding - I want to go everywhere and do everything. I currenly don't have a controller for my pc, and I must say, playing this game with one is pretty much required. The speed and precision needed to do certain things within the game is clunky and awkward with the keyboard & mouse. Besides that, this game is definately worth both your time and money."
76561198064238438,Recommended,214560,9751129,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Nightscythe1847,"Mark of the Ninja is one of the few games that truly understands what a ninja is supposed to be.In short, it is the best game ever made, in my opinion.The game has an extremely fluid movement system that is easily accessible but once mastered can allow you to be like a shadow, dashing between, over, and under your enemies without being noticed at all. In addition, the game can be played as more of a warrior, either making your way through the levels by killing any in your path and not caring about the supposed stealthiness that a ninja would usually possess; alternatively you could be as stealthy as a ninja but just slash apart anyone you see, leaving no potential witnesses. Lastly you can just make use of the movement system's fluidity to never be seen and never kill.The game does not have a spectacular story until the end, which throws your actions into question during one final decision that I recommend you put more consideration into than it might originally seem.The game has a great aesthetic and nails the atmosphere throughout the whole adventure.In conclusion it is a wonderful game that I unquestionably recommend to anyone who is a fan of platformers or stealth games, and it is also recommended for anyone else who has extra money lying around."
76561197995330276,Recommended,214560,10432186,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Ichi,get worth every penny! Ninja!
,Recommended,214560,23999285,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,大天使 tsukov,dishonored is still better
,Recommended,214560,13564713,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ArCorvus,10/10
,Recommended,214560,32224525,Posted: 6 June,all,—(••÷[ ƙąɲąʍƹ ]÷••—,Everything is not easy as  fate already decided upon us..8/10 will do Harakiri again
,Recommended,214560,32221695,Posted: 6 June,all,QPCloudy,"Got this for $3 due to the sale. It's amazing. I normally don't like stealth games, but I find mself going back over and over again for stealth bonuses and high scores. A must buy title! Also great for low spec machines."
,Recommended,214560,19353854,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,meemo supreemo,Easily one of the best games I've ever played
76561198004123445,Recommended,214560,13777491,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,black lung.,9/10
,Recommended,214560,32209942,Posted: 5 June,all,Redrusty66,". The game is a challenge but it never feel too overwhelming..Gameplay is fun, challenging, and allows you to tailor-fit how you approach a certain situation.ts a bit short but is an excellent stealth game. A lot of fun to play, with a great art style and satisfying mechanics."
,Recommended,214560,26696629,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Nuuvii,"This game encapsulates a true ninja. His name is, well he hasn't given you his name.  How many combos did he score? He scored none. A true ninja game won't have you running around as Ryu Hayubusa turning soldiers into mincemeat.This is a true ninja game.  A clan comes under attack by a corporation. Seeking revenge the ninja gains tattoos which change him.  He stays in the shadows, he stikes the unexpecting. only a few shots kill him. Why? because he is a true assassin. Play the murderer, Play the avenger, Play the pacifist. A ninja only kills as a last resort. Will the gaurd spot you? take him out. No unnesecary kills. Scare gaurds by using their comerades as a trigger. This game will make you think.Pros+Realistic+Stealth driven+Good story+Challenging (if you like a good challenge)+Fun+Morally questioning+Phschologically mind bending+Nice art+Gameplay mechanicsCons-you have'nt experienced it."
,Recommended,214560,28238520,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Ninjas being cool.
,Recommended,214560,28212027,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Coco,"The last time I enjoyed a game this much was the Bioshock trilogy. This game is a masterpiece, there's not much else to say. This game is very cheap on sale and it's probably the best 5 bucks I've ever spent on Steam. It's everything a stealth game should be. The game offers multiple ways to beat levels and every way is satisfying. Whether you like to kill everything or speed through the level unseen, this game offers a playstyle for you.Pros:- Very easy to grasp controls- Fun and engaging stealth gameplay- Play however you want- Challenging but not frustrating- Probably the best ninja related game out there- Lots of collectables and challenges for the perfectionist- Art style is amazing- Ending provokes a lot of thought- You get to play as a ninjaCons:- Low replay value (may differ from person to person depending on whether or not you want to try different playstyles, most singleplayer games suffer from this anyway)- No level editor (would be sweet)- Collectables may be tedious to find"
,Recommended,214560,24251321,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Supernova | 2bar,"Mark of the Ninja is one of the best stealth games I have ever played. It provides you with many different ways to approach your objective. You could complete your objective by assasinating every guard in your way, or you could totally avoid them and go with a non-lethal playthrough. Add this to the amazing art style of the game, and you have an amazing and addictive stealth game."
76561198270970126,Recommended,214560,32212972,Posted: 5 June,all,Whiskey-One,"PC controls are a little funky. Definitely feels better playing with a controller.Awesome gameplay with some personalization on playstyle, though not a super compelling story.Replayability is not quite there - one playthrough is enough to see everything.Highly recommend if you have a controller, however, not quite worth $15 - Wait for sale."
,Recommended,214560,13580383,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,yellowsnow1450,"Really fun, but I suck big♥♥♥♥♥♥at it."
,Recommended,214560,8037845,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,maberna,An exrtremely enjoyable stealth platformer. Really worth it.
,Recommended,214560,4742565,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,rettshift,"One of the greatest games I've ever played. Best stealth system I've seen in a game and a great story. Especially that ending. Oh man that ending was phenomanal. And it even has a New Game Plus. Check it out, its a fantastic game."
76561198019486080,Recommended,214560,30043510,Posted: 19 February,all,Nox Vigintis,"Is fun. It's kind of worth $15, kind of not. I beat the game in 10 hours while also doing all the challenges. I would recommend waiting until a sale comes up if you're really wanting maximum cost efficiency.If you like simple stealth games you'll like this.PROS:+ Stealth is intuitive+ Kills look and feel good (does get stale 8+ hours in but that's unavoidable for a $15 game)+ Lots of options when killing people and completing a level.+ The upgrade and challenge system give this game replayability. Without them the game would last 4-6 hours.* I spent all of my points on unlocking ""techniques"" over items. Techniques are like combos, they allow you to drop kill people, lynch a guy to terrorize the other guards, etc. Items are like smoke bombs, poison kunai, swarm of bugs, cardboard box, etc.  This is where the game really shines IMO. It really goes above and beyond for a $15 game in this category.* Challenges can get you new ""costumes"", which change the way you play. Like the Path of Silence takes away your sword but you have 2 distraction items and you  run silently, you want this if you're going no detection or non-lethal route. I believe there are 6-7 costumes (Paths) total, each with their own unique positives and negatives.+ Level Design is really good. Each new level brings a new gimick you have to deal with.CONS:- Even with all of the unlockables I was pretty bored by the end of the game (10 hours in)- Non-stealth combat is pretty booty. It's a weird mix of too simple/easy and too hard. You just kind of punch a guy around until you knock him down. You can't fight groups of enemies. It's a stealth game so this is to be expected.- If doing a non-lethal approach you can't knock out an enemy. Unlike Dishonored where you can do silent non-lethal takedowns, you just have to run away.For it's price I would say 8/10 (Goes above and beyond expectation)"
76561198030734474,Recommended,214560,13458195,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Legion,"This game is a Spectacular Masterpiece.It is a very well-polished and designed game.OverallThe various aspects of this game come together to form a cohesive and very entertaining experience. Each aspect of the game contributes, in its own way, to the overall experience. It is specifically the cohesiveness and polish of Mark of the Ninja that make it such an enjoyable experience. It allows you to lose and immerse yourself into the world. Consistently enjoyable, always entertaining, great replayability, excellent design, beautiful, and amazing; Mark of the Ninja is a Masterpiece.PlotThe plot of Mark of the Ninja is straightforward and uncomplicated. It's nothing special, but ultimately it serves its purpose and contributes to the overall experience. It's a well written story, and it works really well with the game. Furthermore the cut-scenes contribute significantly to the game and the plot, in a way that immerses you in the experience and doesn't detract from the gameplay.SoundtrackPersonally this is one of the least important areas of any game for me. I often play games without the sound. However this may not be the case for everyone. Klei Entertainment did a good job of picking the sounds for various actions in the game. The sounds provide audio cues that reinforce what's happening on screen. For example, if a guard notices you there a sound as well as visual cues on screen. The soundtrack is also good. It fits with the overall theme of the game, and isn't overly intrusive. Additionally the voice acting is superb.VisualsThis is perhaps one of my favourite parts of the game. Mark of the Ninja really shines is the visual department. The stylistic choices and art of the game are stunning. The particular cartoon art style especially appeals to me. From the distant background, to foreground, the quality of the visuals is always impressive and never excessive. The animations are smooth, entertaining, and aesthetically pleasing.GameplayMark of the Ninja is exceptionally well designed. A stealth puzzle platformer the attention to detail really comes through. The game is consistently varied, which keeps it always entertaining. The puzzles and difficulty is perfectly attuned so the game always presents a challenge, but is never unnecessarily difficult or easy. Furthermore the variety and various unlockable items in the game greatly increase the replayability. It is important to note that replaying the game with different/ more items is genuinely entertaining, not just an add-on to lengthen the game."
76561197980503707,Recommended,214560,10526588,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zaimad,"Here's the gist of it: you're a ninja. End of explanation.Of course, that isn't helpful at all for a review, so let me start over. In Mark of the Ninja (MotN) you play the role of a ninja that just received a tattoo (hence, the Mark of the Ninja) and wake up to hearing the ninja complex you live in under attack. I won't go any further on the story since I do think it would ruin everything for everyone.The biggest truth to be said about this game is that it is a stealth-approach game. Before it, you can argue that the stealth genre was lacking some sort of depth. You can also argue that Metal Gear games want you to use stealth, but in no way does Snake compete with the protagonist of MotN.As a ninja, you get your standard ninja stereotypes. If you're sneaky, you are lethal and kill anything that isn't a rock in one precise assassination strike. Resorting to fighting out in the open = you died, because if you've seen Indiana Jones you know that gun beats any weapon skill as long as there is any range between two persons, and that's when there's only one gunman. Throwing knives are infinite, but cheap as they are they can't kill people: only force them to go look for the wise guy that thought of jabbing them with glorified sharper sticks.So, naturally, you need some ninja gear that actually does stuff. Well, say no more. Spike traps that make witnesses of their workings lose their mind over how gory they can get? Check. Smoke bombs to create visibility problems and let you move with no fear? Check. Beetles to eat your enemies and leave no evidence...? Wow, I wouldn't want to be the one handling that particular jar. Bottom line is that there are plenty of tools for your ninja. But also bottom line, fine print, is that you are restricted severely as to how many of said devices you can carry, and even of the types of devices you can carry.Because you see, being a ninja is cool and all, but you can be a specialist in the world of the ninjas too. Unlock different suits and get something improved, at the cost of gimping something else. For some people it may be that they want to guarantee not to screw up an assassination, or that their bare fists actually hurt people, or that they want to be able to teleport around because you know that's going to save your life for sure. It all boils down to how you play the game that will have you choose which outfit is the best fit for you.I've been saying good things about the game. Are there any bad things about the game? Yes.The story feels short. A good player on his first run might unlock just about everything at the first opportunity provided. Other than the imposed limitations of the system and how creative you are, some sections are not exactly very interesting or are unjustifiably difficult for almost no reason. The ""hard mode"" is basically the exact same game, except you die with a single hit (as you should, you wannabe ninja,) and you lose your fourth wall of indicators (sounds happening and visual fields) of the environment, which you also shouldn't be playing with them on unless you're learning how far each goes.And there. That's it. That's the review of the game. Now let me review something else.MotN came out for the XBox Live first. I said, ""I don't judge a game by where it was born, I judge for how good it is"". And indeed the game was fine. Until I realized that I was in the top scoring lead (think I was even 3rd on a level once, in a time that already had a large playerbase that could potentially blot such a result away), and that even if I was the third ranked on a level there was always someone with ""plausibly higher"" scores than me... and then the hackers showed up. Imagine the Mario Bros game, and that there was a set maximum ever theoretical value of score that you could legally attain. Then imagine people with scores over 100 times higher. My single motivation of getting the highest score I could manage went out the window, pure and simple, because these scores were never removed. Never mind banning the leaderboards to known hackers, the blasphemy simply stayed there to haunt me. This says much to me about the developper, Klei Entertainment, who apparently doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥And speaking of Klei Entertainment, I bought the game as soon as it came out for Steam because I knew this was guaranteed to be a good stealth game: the premise was good, the few videos showcasing a little of the game looked great and even the screenshots made me think everything was perfect. With the disappointment of the above came the sin that Klei made. Not only did they decide to screw price conversion overseas (since Klei is american AND greedy, and the dollar is worth significantly less than other currencies,) but then they added the DLC of the ""special edition"".What's on the DLC? A new suit that favours a different niche of gameplay (but is still essentially the same gameplay) and a new long-ish level that you HAVE to play with that suit because of limitations. You may be thinking: ""No, the dlc also includes something else"". True: the DLC included a developpers' commentary strewn across all the levels. Imagine how disappointing it was to see that it was walls of text, not voiced, that could have even been shipped with the base game. Do you consider it to be worth the price of a third of the base game? I sure don't. It also ticked me off that for someone like me, who bought the game full price overseas, to have to pay the price of the DLC when everyone else that decided to get the game AFTER the DLC came out would be saving a fifth of that value. You may think: ""That's not a very high price, a whole 1 (insert currency)"". Why should I pay more for being one of the original players? Couldn't THEY cut that whole 1 (insert currency) from the price instead? They also justified that developing the DLC cost money... and so they wasted resources there instead of making a new game? Brilliant logic; with me being shunned out of the game with the hacked leaderboards and little other incentive to play, it was certainly I that wanted more content for a game I no longer played. For the record, I got the DLC on a major discount so I could witness for myself how little it added, and so that one of the few games I had 100% achievements wouldn't be broken forever. Because yes: EVERYONE loves dlc-specific-non-optional-breaking-of-hundred-per-cents achievements.Also to keep in mind is how flawed one particular part of the game is. If I unlocked everything,WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ SHOULD I HAVE TO GO THROUGH THE UPGRADES MENU EVERYTIME I ""WANT"" TO SET UP WHAT GEAR I'M WEARING FOR A MISSION?This includes those moments where, in the middle of a stage, you can (or are basically forced to) change your setup. Such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, many confirmations, much anger, wow. Time that I could be actually spending playing the game, let me remind you. Klei Entertainment could have fixed this really early on; it's still in-game, AFAIK.Should you buy MotN? Yes, definitely: especially if you want to experience a true geniously good stealth game; I have no idea how everyone failed to make a stealth game this good before MotN. Make sure you get the special edition, however, since you don't want to pay more because you didn't get it before. And even then, wait for a discount so if you get disappointed you'll say ""oh well, at least I didn't pay that full, overseas-inflated price"". But me personally? I'll forever be keeping an eye out for Klei Entertainment and their greedy antics; their image, to me, is now worse than♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214560,16685053,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,eXcruciate,It's a great game there is no doubt. The only problem I have with it is that you get only about 2 different kill animations and you stealth kill about 98% or more of the guys you kill so it gets old real fast. You have to look to the rest of the game for entertainment. The levels and how you get through them is a lot of fun. One of the more fun stealth games that I have ever played. There isn't anything else to say besides buy this for sure and have a blast.
,Recommended,214560,671952,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,KingJackaL,THIS is a stealth game. Was getting sick of 'stealth' games.
,Recommended,214560,12662806,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Rockabillyretard,"Oh man i was contemplating about getting this game going back and forth fighitng myself in my own mind, then i seen a friend of mine playing it and tried it out and OMG so fun, def worth the money to me if u enjoy being sneaky sneaky."
,Recommended,214560,7808467,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ianskary,"Mark of the Ninja is a wonderful platformer with a great story, exceptional style, and interesting game mechanics. From grappling hooks, to throwing stars, sneaking around and hiding behind objects, I consider this the Aladdin (Genesis, SNES, etc) of modern times... which I loved.This is like a modern twist with old fashioned polish -- a winning combination. It's fun, it's pretty, but it does require a controller/gamepad to truly appreciate.If you haven't played it, I completely recommend it. You have to, NOW."
76561198065273917,Recommended,214560,19790040,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Darkninjasword10,"This game is just fine! this is not just a game that was thrown together it was made with heart and love, this is a one of a kind game that you cant just come by you got to try it, and the ending omg it was a real thing for me and i bet all of us it made me feel all of it it gave me a mommet to think of all that i did and all i learn...and what i must do...This is the best ninja game i ever played in my life.11/10"
76561198198836137,Recommended,214560,19193605,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,(¯°·._LORD-KAL_.·°¯),"Amazing game, controller support is excellent, game play is smooth with no glitching, would highly recommend"
76561198010923357,Recommended,214560,32206027,Posted: 5 June,all,Vinticore,Rad lil' stealthy platformer
,Recommended,214560,10992791,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,"There are some genres that I have a love/hate relationship with. There are your sports games, your racers, your zombie games (that’s more on the hate side) and then we get to stealth. Some things I love about them: Tactical thinking, the challenge of never being seen while I clear a room, the different weapons. Some things I hate about them: the constant waiting, the fact that in some cases if you get caught that’s the end of the level and you have to restart (and then some other times you are halfway through, get caught, and it reloads you in a place where you can't avoid the mistake you made before...arg), the repetitive rooms to clear.Mark of the Ninja is one of those stealth games that avoids the constant pitfalls others make. The art is wonderful to look at, the storyline is light, but engaging enough, the action is awesome, and the powers you can choose from are all pretty fun. Where Shank (another Klei property) is a shootem up 80s action movie, this is a classic martial arts revenge flick. Your ninja clan has been wronged and you are given the power to regain your honor, but the tattoos that give you your strength also are poison and will eventually kill you. The theme of honor, revenge, and what that means comes up throughout the game and comes to a head towards the end.The game plays our over maybe 8-10 hours, depending on how fast your clear each level, but I've played it a few times and had fun after every run through. It’s one of those games that you can install and play idly to kill some time, but then realize you've been playing for so long that you’re an hour late to the movie.Or something.I mean so I’ve heard.All in all I love this game. The music, art, and gameplay work well together and draw you into the world Klei has created; a place where you can meld with the shadows, sneak past armed guards, slit an unsuspecting gaijin’s neck, dragging the body into an air vent without tripping any alarms, then escaping into the night while lightning strikes behind you.Or something. I mean so I’ve heard."
,Recommended,214560,2128523,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Ally,"Fantastic game, stealth platform type game. The storyline is excellent, especially the last couple of missions, really makes you wonder what's real and what isn't.Great use of lighting and sound makes the gameplay, New Game+ gives the game some replayability as does the alternate endings.The actual final cutscene could have been longer but the cutscene JUST before your last actions was perhaps the intended actual ending and the final cutscene was perhaps more a bit of an additional extra.I'd pick this up if it goes on sale."
76561198065777436,Recommended,214560,21165098,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,This Is Ed,Sneak up to people.Stab people.Hang them from lampposts.Scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of their buddies.Have their buddies shoot each other.Slap a dog.Feel bad.Have bugs eat someone alive to make you feel better.Still feel bad.Commit seppuku.10/10 would ninja again.
,Recommended,214560,4637147,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Urfarah,"With a crafty combination of well designed levels, a smart use of ninja mythology, outstanding visual art and a cool atmosphere composed by a finely tuned mix of sound and light effects, Mark of the Ninja is, simply put, the best stealth game I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,214560,17320093,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,[Hen-tie] JJDaMan!,"This game is awesome!! Really like the stealth aspect of the game, and running through each map without getting caught/killing someone!! Running each map the first time can be challenging, but repeating them and finding way to navigate the map without getting killed or caught is where its at. Must try and its currently on sale right now as we speak!!"
,Recommended,214560,16638645,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,f*ck_face,"2D Splinter Cell, incredible little stealth game. Wonderful cutscenes too"
,Recommended,214560,23051412,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Willie,Ninja action man :>
,Recommended,214560,22995485,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,yung slynn1,Sneaky sneaky stab
,Recommended,214560,13429315,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tmark,Best stealth platforming game ever played. Second best stealth game ever played after Thief 1.
,Recommended,214560,2168317,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Chao$ Blade,Best stealth of 2012.
,Recommended,214560,28735160,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JeLomun,I recommended this game!!One of the best or maybe even the best 2D platform/stealth game9/10 ~ JeLomun
,Recommended,214560,10122611,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Mugros,"Not a fan of platformers, but this was actually great. Also great art style. Very polished overall."
,Recommended,214560,31584603,Posted: 6 May,all,lil tylenol,"helllllllla good-unique mechanics-decent storyline-mechanics really make you feel like a ninja-LOTS of replayability w/ diff playstyles, costumes, gadgetsworth!"
,Recommended,214560,32205302,Posted: 5 June,all,Spight,Yes. Play it.
,Not Recommended,214560,32771843,Posted: 25 June,all,WowSuchDoge,"Worth only if you buy it at the discount of 3,74 or under. Its a very quick story and if you're very skilled at stealth games this game won't last long. The game though does have some potentional, it has alot of different paths and routs you can take to choose your own playstyle, but its combat system is very poor (Though i would'nt expect more from a ninja game), Atleast it supports controller! :D"
76561198072826923,Recommended,214560,28777254,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,Great platformer. Klei is really one of the strongest indie developers of the past decade.
,Recommended,214560,6839560,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,NewBie - Lenovo Legion Y520 :),Very good game with awesome graphics xD
76561198051583266,Recommended,214560,5541082,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Leyzar,"Mark of the Ninja is a refreshing approach to the stealth genre, which has seen its fair share of mediocre hybrids of stealth and action over the years. Although it might be a little frustrating as the difficulty level at the beginning of the game is set rather high, once you get the hang of the controls and you've discovered the best ways to take out your enemies, it's an extremely enjoyable experience that warrants a second play through in order to discover all the possibilities."
,Recommended,214560,2115904,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Real Soviet Bear,"Absolutely the best stealth game you'll ever play. All information is clearly telegraphed, you are rewarded for playing smart, you know where you are in relation to all enemies and traps... It does everything a stealth game should superb."
76561197977202568,Recommended,214560,12788797,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Junker-2047-,"What can I say about Mark of the Ninja that hasn't already been said? I'm an old school gamer that loves 2D action/platformers. This game slings poison darts into my dopamine receptors before disemboweling me and fading into the darkness. It's so good you can play through it with a mouse and keyboard.  I can't wait for a sequel and I want a level designer for this game so fans can create huge metroidvania experiences.PROS+ Graphics are beautiful. The different settings are oh so sweet and will range from traditional Japanese fare to neo punkish cities.+ Gameplay is fun. Controls are perfect.+ Completionists will love this game. There are many challenges, upgrades, and unlockables to be had and it will keep you coming back for for.+ The commentary included in the DLC is a welcomed and cool feature. They give a lot of interesting insight into the development of the game that will add a new level of appreciation for the experience you are having as you play.CONS- I'm not a big fan of the flash-esque art style of the cutscenes in this game. They come of as cheap and seem to clash with the aesthetics from the rest of the game."
76561198040437702,Recommended,214560,8905433,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Prelayte,"Excellent graphics and gameplay w/ good stealth mechanics. Has very good replayability with scores, seals, and a new game+ feature, not to mention an excellent story with well drawn animations in between the levels. It is priced very low for the quality of the game, especially since I got it when it was on sale."
76561198060996652,Recommended,214560,8523970,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Snotbucket,"This is the best 2D stealth game ever, you actually have to be stealthy unlike other games where you can kill everyone."
,Recommended,214560,4146177,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,FellowPete,"awesome game, no wonder why it was reated 9/10 by most game critics, and very fun and addictive, very replayable :D"
,Recommended,214560,20551570,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,finesse02,"An amazing stealth game. Most stealth games seem to try to put you in the eyes of a ninja, or spy. They try to fully immerse you in the experience. Klei's gem does away with this P.O.V and the game is instead a sidescroller.In fact, id argue this is more immersive. A ""ninja"" in the traditional sense, is a master of stealth, and knows where everything is and how to use it. This 2d point of view sets this immersiveness up perfectly.Many stealth games I've seen fail to make being caught just as engaging an experience as being a master of badassery. The fighting and running (especially from later enemies such as stalkers) when they find you, FEELS satisfying, even though you dont WANT it to happen.This game also advocates multiple playstyles. If you want to be an ultimate assassin (kill all) you can fulfill the Assasin fantasy. You can also be the puzzle solver, if you want. And if you want to be a whisper in the night (not being detected or killing anybody).For the following reasons, the game has unique stealth mechanics that make it more satisfying, that failing to remain 100% stealthy has a consequence that [while] making it so you dont want it to happen, but it's still satisfying when you do; and that you can play the game with a number of different playstyles; I strongly encourage you to play this game.I forgot to mention. the AI is Stupid as ♥♥♥♥. (clearly sees you go down a vent, doesnt follow)(I just got back from my Public Forum Debate tournament)9.3/10"
,Recommended,214560,8663920,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,CursingWithCurtis,"Absolutely amazing, 100% worth the money, great stealth ninja fun!"
76561198092561274,Recommended,214560,16776960,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,$ρid€Я,Best 4$ I've spent ever in my life !10/10 :D just Mindblowing ! challenging though  ! :P
,Recommended,214560,23629282,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,GeorgeW21,"Really nice artwork, loved the challenge of the DLC and new game plus"
,Recommended,214560,968793,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Jedo,"Mark of the Ninja is a gem within the stealth genre. It rewards you for taking your time, planning out your next move(s), and executing it in style. This was one of the rare instances where the addictive gameplay completely detracted me from the story (in a good way).A few things to expect from MotN:- An art style that stays true to the Shank series while adding its own flavor (thanks to Klei Entertainment).- A multitude of ways to complete the given objectives/puzzles.- An arsenal worth experimenting with to complete said objectives in several fascinating ways.5/5"
,Recommended,214560,1907687,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,The Ripper,"Awesome game, bla-bla-bla, buy it. You will not regret."
,Recommended,214560,3109228,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Ohnefuenfter,The remarkable stealth - and the closure have knocked me out... so you will be knocked out tooЧудовий стелс - завершення просто вбило мене... вб'є і вас
,Recommended,214560,6026577,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Hopper✘,Best Stealth Game EVER!!!
,Recommended,214560,26303378,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,anwarg0102,Bruh. Best ninja game 210/10.Watch for dogs
,Recommended,214560,8467034,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Fart Cat,"One of the greatest stealth games in the world. Above and beyond great level design, a ton of craft went into making sure that the game communicates info about the enemies' perception, which is absolutely crucial for making a game like this enjoyable."
,Recommended,214560,2618542,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,CHEJoK,★ ★ ★ ★ ☆
,Recommended,214560,2653993,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Murtle,"Who would have thought that the pinacle of stealth gaming would manifest itself in the form of a cartoon 2D platformer.Brilliant stealth mechanics and gameplay.Klei Entertainment's games have been put out on a regular basis in the last few years, and they just seem to reach a little further and get better and better in each game. At this rate they will be considered master game developers before long."
76561197978131107,Recommended,214560,779850,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Superbeef,"If this a ""stealth puzzle"" game, then you've seen the meat of the mechanics by the third or fourth mission. What I'm saying is that I felt it lacked some depth. It's not bad, just not great. This would be a good $5 purchase."
76561198050807294,Recommended,214560,13582336,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Celtic Warrior,One of the best stealth games i have ever played.
,Recommended,214560,19134990,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Hot Rat,stealthy stealth ninja
76561198009420039,Recommended,214560,2571032,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,JonnyRenegade,This game is epically good. If you thought 2D gaming was dead then your dead wrong. I thought it would have the same mgame mechanics as Shank but oh no its a completely diferent programing and experience. Skyrim bored was dubbed best game by socialist but if you really want a fluid control of character this is the game. And for the price you get your moneys worth. Nothing more manly than Martial Arts and Ninja;s.
,Recommended,214560,9147972,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Danny MemeWeedo,it does not work on my compter but it is fun if u like ningas your in luck:b
,Recommended,214560,8471873,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Oden's Ride Over Nerdland,this game is really damn fun
,Recommended,214560,27847397,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ShyPerLighCH,"One of the best games I've ever played, a MUST buy.10.1/10"
76561198064052320,Recommended,214560,6335468,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Lazzerth,"Great game, brought in 67% off and after playing it for a few hours I realised that its definently worth £12. It is challenging especially if you go for the achivements/challenges and new game plus mode makes it far harder. Only weakness would be it's forgetable plot but the stealth and platforming makes up for that anyways."
,Recommended,214560,18212589,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,FunkyJonesy,"If you love stealth and side scrollers, then buy this game!No, seriously, it's an amazing little stealth games with tons of cool little features and items to play around with.This is a must buy if you love stealth games. Besides, it's cheap!"
,Recommended,214560,20281994,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sweet JP,Does stealth better than MGS5
,Recommended,214560,20460904,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Bloodthirsty Potato,"Bought the spin kick. Proceeded to juggle one guard as a human shield through lasers, bombs, and bullets.10/10, would meat shield again."
,Recommended,214560,23213711,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Jarpikim,U like oldschool stealth Action paired with moderm aspekts? Buy It !
,Recommended,214560,4340864,"Posted: 27 November, 2012",all,Punished Dank Memes,"Mark of the ninja is basically perfect.  The controls are tight, the story is interesting if cliche, and the graphics are beautiful."
,Recommended,214560,7870480,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Temp,10/10 WOULD PLAY AGAIN
,Recommended,214560,22540485,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,This Shit is Fun,Just awesome
76561197987530651,Recommended,214560,22520771,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ranpaupau,Awesome.
76561198295004477,Recommended,214560,22554761,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,eatingsomechips,yes
76561198061586936,Recommended,214560,12362108,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,SheepGoBaa,"Wow...I was really interested in this game's design and artstlye and decided to buy it for a few bucks... Let me tell you they were well spent.-Mark of the Ninja is a 2D stealth game with astoundly good controls which is essential for a good stealth game. Not once has my character done someting that I didn't tell him to do and maneuvering form walls to ceiling to hidden air vents has never been so responsive. This ensured a satisfying gameplay throughout the whole game.-The story was immersive and the voice acting, although was not the best I've ever heard, did its job just fine. You very early in the game understand your character's situation and it made me play the game very much for his point of view, killing ennemies simply by vengeance even when I didn't need to or sparing them at times depensing on the faction I was hunting during the game.-I really liked the artstyle which is a bit cartoony but does not interfere with the gravity of the situation you are in. Overall I think the artstyle is also what helped to make this game unique.-Finally, the upgrade system, like in many games, is filled with many tools that you can unlock but are really not necessary to progress through the game. Where it shines though, is when you start unlocking different suits (with pretty badass names) that encourage specific types of gameplay (Non-lethal, Full on agression, Trickster, etc. ).TL;DR : This game is awesome and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Its highlights for me were: the great artstyle, the very responsive controls, the immersive story and the different suits you can unlock for your ninja. I r8 8/8 m8"
,Recommended,214560,98328,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,The Team Ranbir,"This game is slick, stylish and the best stealth game of 2012. Great choices on offer on how to progress in the levels."
76561198114281967,Recommended,214560,11211033,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,GamerOne,"Pros & Cons:+ Stealth gameplay+ Some levels have multiple paths to choose from+ Many different ways to attack/avoid the guards+ Good amount of skills and items+ Lots of replay value- The ninja is extremely sticky (always clings to walls, won't normally walk off of edges)- Game rewards killing guard dogs...- Music- Gameplay is not story-driven- Worst depiction of a subway train I have ever seen- Ora should have been the main characterThis is a 2D stealth game, fighting head on is possible but very unbalanced, the enemy has rifles and you have a regular sword.Gameplay:The gameplay goes something like this: sneak around in the shadows, if a guard walks by without niticing you, you get points. If you do something to distract the guard, points. Kill the guard from behind, points. Hide the guard's corpse, points. Kill a guard indirectly, more points. Use the guard's corpse to scare another guard, points. If a guard spots you or finds a dead body, you lose points. Besides that, you have to work your way through ""puzzles"" to get to your destination. Overall, the gameplay is solid. In every level the game introduces new gameplay elements to try to prevent things from becoming too repetitive.Story:Some mercenaries kill a lot of your ninja clan members. That's not as much of a story as an excuse to go and kill a bunch of people. The comments from the creators throughout the game make it very clear that they built the game for the gameplay and didn't actually have a story to go with it. Not only does the main character not have a background story, but he doesn't even have a name (His name is not Mark). This causes the game to feel somewhat dry and a chore at times. Instead of going from point A to point B to advance the story/character's development, you do it to flip a switch/pull a lever/destroy something...Artwork:Very cartoony, the short cutscenes look very poorly drawn. The backgrounds are interesting looking, but not something that will hold your attention for more than a few seconds. Again, this game is about the gameplay.Music:Minimal ambient music, somewhat Asian sounding. The ending theme is the only real music that the game has.I recommend this game for the stealth gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,8489285,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Khork,Best money I've spent during this Steam Holiday Specials. Fun 2D stealth game. Who needs Metal Gear? Go get this little gem!
76561198027141645,Recommended,214560,3766673,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Moscow Mule,"Wicked cool!  Best side scroller EVAR!  Cept for Contra of course, and Castlevania...but this game is great.  Finally a modern sidescroller that breaks out!"
,Recommended,214560,12032564,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Afatha,"I recommend this gameThat game is a stealth game. Mark of the ninja tell us about a story of a ninja, that he betrayed by his master. That ninja being used ny his master to protect his dojo or clan.That ninja hava an tattoo, not usual tattoo, but an extraordinary tattoo. that tatto make from a misterius plant. and about the tattoo, That tattoo give the ninja an ability.oh, u can upgrade your ability by complete the mission. on the gameplay, u will have 4 tool, DART, TRAP, ABILITY, and ability.u can upgrade the tool soo.And, the important is, u can unlock the ninja outfits. every outfits has a diferent efect.and thats all thx"
76561198140760786,Recommended,214560,13574747,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,fluffypanda9436,"sneaky, badass ninja"
76561198068587536,Recommended,214560,11814859,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Adolf Hipster,"its worth, stealth=swag"
,Recommended,214560,12406975,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,It takes Two to Mango,"A beautiful game that deserves a sequel. Klei Entertainment has never let me down, however, the DLC is a bit expensive for what it gives you. For an extra 5 bucks, you get one more level and developer commentary. The extra level is short and isn't that different to the other ones, and the developer commentary is interesting at first, but then becomes a hassle when you actually try to do something. Buy the DLC only if you really like the game, you like to know how developers decide how somethings unravels, or it's on sale."
,Recommended,214560,9438757,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,.;;,"Definitely recommend Mark of the Ninja if you have any appreciation for the stealth genre at all. Great gameplay, totally enjoyable, polished, and authentic, while still offerring challenging gameplay that drives you to inherrently approach challenges with discretion, one of the best pure stealth games I've seen, that can still provide one of the most enjoyable and immersive gaming experiences, even to those with little patience for stealth. Would love to see more games of this quality."
76561197977069906,Recommended,214560,10605582,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BonsaiKitten,"Cool stealth game.  Controls could be better but maybe that's just me sucking, hard to tell sometimes."
,Recommended,214560,12061256,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Dodecadumpling,"Mark of the Ninja is an amazing game with many direction paths making this game more dynamic and also taylored to your type of gameplay style. With the very high 91 metacritic score, this reinforces that this game is amazing! I highly recommend this game!! :D"
,Recommended,214560,16182956,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,zniperr,"I just thoroughly enjoyed playing this game. It offers some really rewarding stealth play. The game is quite easy to pick up and start playing since the gameplay is intuitive. I should say I only played with an xbox controller, I don't know how smooth it plays with keyboard and mouse.One of the great things about this game is the amount of content you get for not so much money. Imo the first walkthrough already makes the game worth its pay, but then you also get New Game Plus which is basically a more difficult mode. This changes the level of gameplay (e.g. you can only see enemies that are within directline of sight), which makes for a bit slower second walkthrough, but also more rewarding.The number of collectables is exactly right, not too few and not too many, so you can actually go for a 100% score without too much time investment.For a 2D side-scroller, the graphics are very good. The look and feel of the levels, but even more so the way the player moves, add to the feeling of being a ninja."
,Recommended,214560,8914223,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Chub boi,Omg this game is amazing 10/10 perfect for those who like to sneak around then stab someone in the face
25164161564653519,Recommended,214560,5543216,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,BlitzKrieg44,Mark of The Ninja is a classic stealth and action packed game. In this you must be as quiet and agile as possible to avoid being seen but if you get spotted watch out it will take only a couple of shots to kill you!
76561198129991802,Recommended,214560,14006260,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Lethal Bacon,Eh
,Recommended,214560,5491449,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Tacohobbit,Outstanding game. It was over too quickly for me. This game is definitely worth buying.
76561197996806283,Recommended,214560,13402031,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,decoyofham,Fun for a platform scroller. +10 for having Ninjas in it.
76561198073359479,Recommended,214560,15664642,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Vault,This is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,214560,7917800,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Alteration,If you like to be sneaky and strategic this is a great game for you
,Recommended,214560,13478970,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Moongazer,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cegdR0GiJl4
,Recommended,214560,2369719,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"In the realm of Bad♥♥♥♥♥stealth games this is 5 out of 5. Fluid 2d gameplay, amazing story line, acheivements and challenges with multiple ways to beat every level. On par wih the best of the Theif games, and a New Game + Mode5/5 My highest recommended game to date, it's perfect. and sublime. I have 1 copy for trade as of 6/24/2013."
,Recommended,214560,8914210,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ghost,awesome ninja game
,Recommended,214560,16777375,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nigel,Really fun game would reccomand! One of the best stealth games i have ever played it is short if u just want to play once only took me 10hrs to complete but rlly fun! SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER!SPOLER!SPOILER!SPOLIER! The girl is your concense at end kill u to be MLG!
,Recommended,214560,8474787,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[D*P] Flux,Pure awesome.  Would buy it again in a second.  I wish they would do some DLC with new levels.
,Recommended,214560,20115222,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,rickalitus,Good game!
76561198076393884,Recommended,214560,17377178,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,King7,"A well made, interesting and at times difficult game. Bravo."
,Recommended,214560,24585623,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,a little PSYCHO,Just amazing!
76561198057964136,Recommended,214560,20370202,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,add2Kart,Artwork for this game is really neat.cardboard Box decoy item = solid snake. new game plus = replay value.recommended to fans of side-scroll puzzle games.also recommended to people who just like to kill and basically feel like a ninja assassin.10/10 play with commentary second time through
,Recommended,214560,3275468,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,andreymust19,"Is a best 2D-stealth, what i played!"
76561197983804303,Recommended,214560,989705,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Nullify,Awesome fun.
,Recommended,214560,1142989,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Arthas90,The best bechmark of stealth games these days!!!
,Recommended,214560,8569527,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BAEYONCE,This game is so awesome!!
,Recommended,214560,8569536,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Maz,Very remarkable gameplay.
76561198067311230,Recommended,214560,8216143,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Brosepher,Such a great game! Buy it NOW!
,Recommended,214560,28318525,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ULINA,"""Hmm, How can i scare you ?  mouahahah""Very funny and interesting game."
,Recommended,214560,28847314,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GhastlyAlchemy,greatest shealth game ever in my opinion.  If you're a fan of stealth games then this game is a must play
,Recommended,214560,10757011,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mark,"I pulled a guy into a vent, stabbed him, and hid behind a plant. Then, I used my darts to disable the lights, which I the distraction to stab another guy. I then disabled the power and climbed into a vent. FInally, I accidently hit SPACE and jumped out of the vent, where I was shot to death. 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,11814002,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Phoenix RISING,"""The Tenchu franchise injected more (fantastic) realism to the myth and legend of ninja in digital media by emphasizing 'stealth assassination' over the Musou-style that we have seen in Ninja Gaiden and TMNT. Mark of the Ninja blissfully blends the two styles  with more emphasis on the aesthetics of Tenchu than Shinobi while in 2D.""http://placetobenation.com/backloggery-beatdown-mark-of-the-ninja/"
,Recommended,214560,14750170,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DaReputableJesus,"MARK OF THE NINJA is one of the the best Stealth games ever. The only game that is equally as good is DISHONERED. But what is so special about MARK OF THE NINJA? In most games you play as a ninja, you are killing everyone/everything in an over the top way. You know, the usual stuff you think about when you hear the word ninja. But in MARK OF THE NINJA you do stuff that actual ninjas did in Edo-Japan. This game is the first of its kind that gets really close to the real ninja experience. In this game your score benefits from not killing anybody. But even if you don't care about your score, killing foes is not a good idea. Other troops may find the corpse of the killed foe and then they alert the whole castle that there is an intruder. That's one thing I really like about the game. In most stealth games you'll get bonus points for killing people; where is the stealth behind all that? But MARK OF THE NINJA does much more. Making the game in a 2D perspective was a very awesome idea. It removes the frustrating moments when you jump somewhere and then you get seen because you couldn't have known that there was a troop. Ok I could go on and on forever talking about how great this game is but, hey you see that I like it so try it out. It is a blast."
,Recommended,214560,18302340,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,ZounceX,"One of the greatest stealth games I've played, by far.It has an interesting story, not the most immersive but definitely something that's there and is enjoyable.The gameplay is spot on, you sneak around in the shadows, avoiding light and using your arsenal of magic abilities and items to distract, attack and move around. Every level has multiple side objectives and challenges each giving you 'Honour' allowing you to upgrade weapons, CQC moves and even changing your 'class' entirely. The stealth takedowns are nice and satisfying and there are many varieties of them.Definitely a great 2D Stealth game.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,18191570,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,GamerNation,"This represents the true ninja, stealth, kill only when needed, distraction, and the current day ninja, kill everything in sight, blood, traps that kill everyone, fistfight. This game has something for almost anyone, action, strategy, and more. This ninja game gets a 10/10 in my book."
,Recommended,214560,2220226,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Glimmer,"A fun stealth platformer where you can either massacre your way through the level, or slip unnoticed to your objective.  There's probably a middle ground, but why bother?  Story may not be terribly original, but it serves the game well and is no worse than can be found in most current games."
76561198099102768,Recommended,214560,20096004,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,andrewnogo,"This game is exceedingly well executed, and is an example that I give when talking about games that have been done ""right"".Pros:-The art style fits very well, and even though it's reminiscent of old 90's cartoons, the game it still very dark in tone.-The controls are some of the tightest I've dealt with, and this is a very big deal for me, as I often find controls aren't anywhere near responsive enough in games like this.  Note though, that I'm using an xbox gamepad, I have no idea how this game handles other controllers or KB+M.-The puzzles are well thought out and well executed; and where a lot of games it feels like the developers actually utilize questionable design choices to make puzzles harder artificially, this game feels more old school in that the puzzles work with the game mechanics to be challenging without frustrating.-You can play the way you choose.  There are a variety of options within your loadout and within the game mechanics that let you decide whether you want to use stealth and deception, to sneak through a level, or slaughter everything from the shadows, or any combination of the two.Cons:-There isn't enough of this game.  It's a little short and you'll find yourself still wanting more when it's over.  Opening this game up to the steam workshop and letting people design challenge levels would greatly increase replay value.-There are a handful of random difficulty spikes in a select few areas that can be frustrating to get through, but they are few and far between, and don't detract from the experience in any meaningful way."
,Recommended,214560,26956546,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sdoots,"You can clear a level without killing a single enemy.Or you could hang a corpse from a lamp post, wait for a guard to see the corpse, and watch as his wanton panicked gunfire kills a friend. Another guard might hear that gunshot, come out, see the second corpse, and freak out himself, sending him running into the spike trap you laid down earlier. And then you throw a knife at the rope holding the first corpse up and knock out the still panicked guard with his dead buddy.You can do a lot of things in Mark of The Ninja, and all of them are great."
,Recommended,214560,7553801,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Piragon,"Something so good that previous experience with stealth genre are almost irrelevant when deciding if you should play it. This game is truly near perfect in vision, and execution."
76561198069642119,Recommended,214560,27683899,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Angrybadgerson,"I love stealth games, and I love Klei Games. Invisible Inc. was great, and I've poured far too much time into both, but this one will always remain one a handful of games i went back through to 100% complete. In my opinion this is as good an Indie Game As FTL : Faster than Light, which i also loveThis is absolutely worth it for the full price, and even more so when it's on sale.Recommended for lovers of stealth games, ninjas, feeling like an absolute badass, or all three.Especially all three"
76561198042186569,Recommended,214560,10422401,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,KirkofZena,This game is boring and repitive. It plays like one of those cheap flash games on the interenet. 9.2/10
,Recommended,214560,9265969,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Alvaradux,"Good choice if you're new into stealth games.The mechanics are very simple, and they're enough weapons and alternative paths to clear a level.Also, if you want to complete all the challenges, and find all of the collectibles, you're going to take a while."
,Recommended,214560,8609008,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,CrashMan054,"(Cool, fancy new review feature)Mark of the ninja is the best stealth game I've ever played. You can always tell if a guard will be able to see/hear you, so no more bumbling around hoping to avoid detection. The game clearly highlights light and sound, giving you a clear idea of whether or not you can be seen. Not to mention, it really makes you feel like a badass ninja. You can throw spike traps, darts, fungus, noise makers, the ever present spike trap, and even hide in a cardboard box. The guards can acutally think, and will notice you. It's a nice challenge, especially if you want to collect all the scrolls and complete optional challenges.It's not very long, with only 4 core ""worlds"", but each mission will last about a half hour. There's plenty of collectibles, and even a hard mode where you can't see behind you.If you like stealth games, get this immiditately."
,Recommended,214560,8647199,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Chimera,"Very well done maps, with many different ways to approach every situation. The story isn't bad either, it was kind of impressive, actually. As you play the game it only gets better with every upgrade you unlock. The level-specific challenges also add more of a reason for you to focus while playing so that you can ace them. I heavily recommend this game if you are looking for something new and fun in the stealth genre."
,Recommended,214560,12013025,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Thomas,One of the best games i've ever played.
,Recommended,214560,4834528,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Ysgarlad,Perfect engine and exciting story! Full of secrets! Must play!
,Recommended,214560,8735478,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Chozo,"Extremely fun stealth platformer game that is surprisingly great at storytelling. Let's break it down:Difficulty: 5/5 - The game never felt too easy or too hard.Controls/Mechanics: 5/5 - I played with mouse/keyboard and not only did I never feel hindered by the controls but I felt I was able to fluidly move throughout the game and it felt real good. For mechanics, there's some cool unique stuff happening in this game andGraphics/Look: 5/5 - Loved the art style in this, and in terms of design the game communicates very effectively through graphics. The way the game looks aids in the game feel to make you really feel like a ninja who cares about how much sound you're making.Replayability: 5/5 - Not only does the game allow and encourage you to play it in different ways (no-killing stealth vs killing) through challenges and such, but the game has a New Game Plus mode on top of that. And two different endings. And unlocks that you're likely not going to get entirely in one playthrough. Huge replayability here.Story: 4/5 - The only reason this got a 4/5 instead of lower is the ending. I kind of felt dragged through the story the entire game rather than controlling it or being a part of it - the game feels like you're chasing after the narrating sidekick - but then the ending happened and the chasing, being dragged feeling went right out the window. The ending is definitely worth it here.Sound/Music: 3/5 - Nothing sounded bad, but nothing sounded extraordinary either."
,Recommended,214560,32215507,Posted: 6 June,all,Lasagna1355,"Fun, satisfying, challenging"
,Recommended,214560,32901687,Posted: 27 June,all,NooWinFr,全成就
,Recommended,214560,1043734,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Spyral,"Really good fun, challenging but not insane. Lots of replay."
,Recommended,214560,32245969,Posted: 7 June,all,Initiatecrab934,This is an awsome ninga game u really feel like one! climbing on walls hiding in the dark from people and assassinations are well animated and shown.
76561198360598519,Recommended,214560,33285541,Posted: 5 July,all,lukedunl0p2004,DANK!!!!
,Recommended,214560,15750721,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,The Impossible Jackal,A great 2D Stealth Action-Platformer. 8/10.
76561198118906980,Recommended,214560,31208976,Posted: 17 April,all,myke,Top quality and entertaining.
76561198098445453,Recommended,214560,31215278,Posted: 18 April,all,Porter,"Fun game, would recommend."
76561198139530706,Recommended,214560,31253772,Posted: 20 April,all,YellowLetters,Really fun stealth game
,Recommended,214560,15142799,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,$UICIDEBOY$,Can't be a ninja? Buy this gaem.
,Recommended,214560,33437162,Posted: 10 July,all,Zami,fun with remote don´t ask me why
,Recommended,214560,20823046,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Goblin,"LOVE this game... one of the BEST Ninja games ever made.. it's a combo of stealth games like Tenchu, Metal Gear Solid, with action aspects like Ninja Gaiden.. the Side Scroller aspect is also incredible... got this game for a song it was so cheap! worth every PENNY even when its NOT on sale!"
,Recommended,214560,2704808,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,sauce,"JIST: 2D Stealth Action Platformer. This game rewards you for stealth. If you've ever played MGS then the sub systems are similar, but instead of firearms, you use a sword and various ninja tools. The game is about 3-5 hours long depending on how good you are. The story is woven into the game very nicely and though the conclusion was satisifactory, it could have been a little more fleshed out. If you love being a stealthy ninja this is your game. If not, then don't bother.GRAPHICS: From a technology standpoint there is nothing impressive here. On a subjective note though, the game does look beautiful with it's 2D art style.CONTROLS: Rebindable keys, so absolutely no one has an excuse. Mouse control feels as good as anything.STORY: Without spoiling too much you're essentially a ninja that is given a special mark that grants you extraordinary abilities and you are tasked with defending your clan from an enemy attack. The story is not particularly deep, but it has some nice plot twists, and blends well with the gameplay.VALUE: This game offers enough value for it's $15 USD retail price. Even though the story is only about 3-5 hours long, there are unlocks and new game+ which give you at least 15-20 hours of gameplay. However, if you are only semi-interested I managed to pick this up for $5 on sale."
76561197980653040,Recommended,214560,8230654,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bryan/Boomer,"I liked this game, thought it was a little too short, but enjoyed myself, more character options would have been nice instead of pigeon holeing on skills."
,Recommended,214560,4209063,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,alpertini,"Perfection. This game is a must own for any stealth fan. Its polished to the max. Art style is gorgeous, and gameplay is flawless, and controls are tight, really tight. What really sticks out for me is the ability to choose how to handle a situation. The level designs give you many choices on how approach a situation which gives big replay value.  Best stealth game I played in a long time. [10/10]"
76561197990235466,Recommended,214560,7340112,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Freddo,Great 2D sneaker. Sneaking around and terrorizing guards is a lot of fun!
,Recommended,214560,18513648,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Moonmadness,Like Batman: Arkham but for poor people
76561198039649766,Recommended,214560,8711105,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Rip McLargeHuge,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet.
76561198028325739,Recommended,214560,3867689,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,P1,One of the best stealth games I've played. One of the best games period.
,Recommended,214560,2567225,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,TheSilverHammer,"An excelent stealth platformer.  It is well worth the price.  If being a sneaky ninja appleas to you, then buy this game."
,Recommended,214560,602302,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,Origo,"""Let it stand as the benchmark by which all stealth games are now measured.""10/10 - DestructoidYou need nothing more. Buy it now."
,Recommended,214560,8768558,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jalabula Jens,"A refreshing game, challenging and simply constructed at the same time"
,Recommended,214560,7748824,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Keychain,"One of my favorite games to come out in 2012, Mark of the Ninja really does an amazing job at creating a stealth assassin game. By staying in the shadows and using your environment to your advantage, you can successfully sneak past enemies or take them down quietly in several ways. You can drag the corpses of your fallen foes into hiding places to avoid detection, or throw them at the enemy to scare them to the point of insanity, causing them to turn on their own allies.The puzzles and hazards become varied as the game progresses, keeping the experience fresh and gives you reason to keep coming back until the job is done."
,Recommended,214560,14291087,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chuck_Knifeblade,It's like Shinobi II had a baby with Metal Gear Solid (Playstation) and it was raised by Samurai Jack.
76561198097839842,Recommended,214560,14300597,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,[KRAG] Bird,Do you wanna be a Ninja? Do you like stealth? Do you want to get rewarded for not killing anyone? If so this is a game for you.
76561198032822686,Recommended,214560,14315645,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,gotalive,Are they working on Mark of the Ninja 2? If not I'll just keep playing this one over and over
76561198027281377,Recommended,214560,14316793,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Gruiklover,"a flawess realization with an interesting story, good mechanics and immersive ambiance !"
,Recommended,214560,32428505,Posted: 15 June,all,PathologicalPup,Mesmerizing work of art!!
,Recommended,214560,22667558,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Bobbe,
,Recommended,214560,22804573,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Trigger Spark,"If you were to ask me three years ago what I thought of Mark of the Ninja, I would bluntly state that I found it boring. And yet here I am now recommending you this game. I am going to tell you why both opinions should matter to you.Basically, you're a ninja who is tasked with an impossible goal. With the use of a magical tattoo, you can achieve that goal. The game is a linear pathway of stealth tactics with a leveling up mechanic along the way. Solutions are numerous and continue to add up as you level up.  Art style is reminiscent of a saturday morning cartoon like Samurai Jack.Let's start with my experience three years ago. I was looking for an atmospheric stealth game that could rival the quality of other stealth games such as Chaos Theory and Thief. When I saw the reviews, I bought the game without second thought and expected a game with the freedom of choice on how to handle situations. What I got was a game that offered you that freedom, but with a great amount of restriction. These restrictions included missing stealth kill techniques, something that should have been there in the first place since you are the *best* of your clan. You don't need some magical tattoo to do some simple kill technique.  It makes no sense to restrict such basic functions other than to make the player play *your way* . I also found the soundtrack and story to be rather boring and after that I stopped on the third or fourth level. I left irritated.Three years later, I decided to give this game another try. I decided to play their way as I was sure they had a good reason for the restrictions. After adjusting my expectations, I played a game that was throughourly entertaining and intense throughout. Leveling up required you to play a certain way such as never being discovered or achieving three kills within 15 seconds. As you level up, you get new toys such as spikes and human eating insects, and boy was it satisfying using these items properly. When I played *properly*, the game had me hooked from beginning to end. It was great. But it's only great when you play *properly* according to restrictions.Now for the scoreGameplay: 8.5/10Controls are tight and gameplay is very satisfying when everything plays out. Yet initial restrictions impede the flow of your own tactics.Narrative: 6/10The story is there to give you an excuse to kill numerous security guards. The ending may have you talking, but you will never state that the story is part of what hooked you until the end of the game. Boring and uninspired with a lack of development for the protagonist.Graphics: 7.5/10The art design and graphics accomplish their goal of having you feel like you're interacting in a saturday morning cartoon. However, the graphics are really nothing special. In addition, aside from one level featuring stormy weather, none of these stages feature any eye candy or something to appreicate. But the animations are well done with tons of expression.Sound: 7/10Nothing to hear about folks. Audio cues will come in handy, but music and voice acting both present themselves as flat.Originality: 9/10Simply put, you will not find any stealth game out there that matches the fundamentals of the gameplay present here. Sure the idea of stealth is there, but the way these developers present their vision is great indeed.Final Score7.6/10"
,Recommended,214560,11018962,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kozmiic,Mark of the Ninja is a stealth game with amazing graphics and animations in a 2d world where you sneak around in the darkness and kill guards holding your ninja friends hostage. The only bad thing is that you some levels take a really long time and can get a little boring because you move around slowy. Overall i rate this game 7/10 because its great for people that like ninja stealth games but its just not for me.
,Recommended,214560,18350469,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Nice Guy,"Hi America.Remember when Ninjas were all the rage. They were murderers, family men, turtles, etc.This game let's you be a ninja again.You can't go wrong with stabbing a bunch of people in the neck, face and chest. You're a ninja, be silent about it.America has seen it's ninja's and love's to play ninja.9/10 for American Ninja Gamers"
,Recommended,214560,9575507,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Lo Pan,Awesome game all around. Probably the best stealth game I've ever played. Great art direction.
,Recommended,214560,33106403,Posted: 1 July,all,Leehamo,Decent.
,Recommended,214560,8905394,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,TheRickestRick,"This game's style is what really sets it apart from the 2D platformer adventure game. The overall design is great, especially the mechanics, providing a unique playthrough each time. Additionally, the game is quite challenging for those who, like me, want to get a high score."
76561198122351815,Recommended,214560,26794913,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,legodj16 BoostedBanobo,great fun
76561198305630861,Recommended,214560,33340820,Posted: 7 July,all,Gnourt,éc éc
,Recommended,214560,34108047,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Matt,"Mark of the Ninja is a very competent 2D stealth game with a lot of good content. It does have a storyline and nice animations to go along with it, but I didn't find the plot to be particularly engaging, and for me, it boiled down to the gameplay being the only thing to really urge me onward. Even at times, I occasionally struggled to have a desire to keep playing, but I did end up complete the game, and it was over all a pretty good game. I don'thighlyrecommend it, but it is nice."
,Recommended,214560,6649725,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,INMR_Protoss,Classic game
,Recommended,214560,6917905,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Jäger,>> Pure Ninja Stealth Action 5/5* <<
76561197968332649,Recommended,214560,20207797,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Martinos,"An exceptional game!  The art is gorgeous and has so much character!  The gameplay is desgined so stunningly well that it just flows so nicely.  Challenging yet not impossible, and quite a great deal of fun the play through the whole way without becoming incredibly repeptive due to a desire to draw out a game that is best kept short and sweet.  I greatly enjoyed reading the dev coimmentaries too, these guys are right on the money with this game.  For the price you will pay for this game you will find it to be well worth your dollars!"
,Recommended,214560,7744192,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,tssuser,One of the best platformers I've played since the super nintendo.
76561197998489472,Recommended,214560,7748681,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ninjatim30,this game is fun and hard in hard mode
76561198079872931,Recommended,214560,26681114,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Runibstone Hellcase.com,"Best game, recommended."
76561198096575879,Recommended,214560,28193118,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gungnir,Mark of the Ninja 2 anybody?
,Recommended,214560,28224886,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Tree,Play it with a controller.
,Recommended,214560,28239864,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ozunu_Ninja,"One of the best stelath ninja games ever madePros:-Lots of equipment/unlockables-Rly nice an interesting story with a rly good ending pahse (won't explain cos I don't wanna spoil anything)-Unique places/destinations-Lots of levels!!-Super fun-Plus mode that's harder and is a mode in which u should beat the game cos thats the true Ninja difficulty-Replay value-Many ways to have fun with the game, your playstyle and even the guards(scare them distract them or just run past them)!Cons:-After unlocking and trying out everything it might get boring unless u take a break from itConclusion:This is a must have for Ninja fans!!"
76561198107479549,Recommended,214560,28248902,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Asura's Wrath,Rating: 9/10Loved the gameplay and the simplistic graphics. I dont recall playing a better ninja game before. Would recommend.
,Recommended,214560,28260055,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jott,"It might look like some sort of platformer but there are only very few parts in which you need actual platformer skills. It's a stealth game at heart and you usually have the time to plan ahead. The gameplay is fluid, the art style different but very fitting. The music (especially in the ending sequence) is very nice."
,Recommended,214560,28272740,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,K2Gamer Channel,เกมเพลย์เกมเดินด้านข้างที่เจ๋งมากๆ ผสม แอ็คชั่นและลอบสังหาร เข้าได้อย่างลงตัว เป็นเกมที่ไม่ควรพลาดอย่างยิ่ง แถมราคาไม่แรงกราฟิคเป็นอะไรที่สุดๆ ภาพสวยมากๆ ชอบเลย แอ็คชั่นการเดิน แอ็คชั่นการฆ่าค่างๆ ทำได้ดีมาก เ
,Recommended,214560,30027012,Posted: 18 February,all,I'm Horny_,I liked it.
76561198043202693,Not Recommended,214560,34161611,Posted: 10 August,all,Stiergott,"Controls don't seem to be quite there, which is really important for this kind of game."
,Recommended,214560,564967,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,[GWJ] Unicycles,"5 ninja stars out of 5. Akward storytelling aside, stealth doesn't get much better than this."
,Recommended,214560,11212232,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Warren[b],Fun and easy to play
,Recommended,214560,23966470,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Sunder,This is a great game!
,Recommended,214560,23967686,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Guile,9/10
,Recommended,214560,23961649,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Brackso,"Fun game, I don`t need to say any more. :)"
76561198017574909,Recommended,214560,23963874,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,SERAPH,Legendary
76561197997334484,Recommended,214560,23968130,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Johnny Kaboom,Be a GhostA Hunteror a NightmareOne of the Best Stealth Games ever!
,Recommended,214560,24967839,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Schnez,Great game in every way
76561198010529177,Recommended,214560,9353799,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,moh_wordlife,this game is so good hope we got more 2d stealth game !!!!!!!!!
76561198370355400,Recommended,214560,32215489,Posted: 6 June,all,bg810113,I enjoyed playing.
76561198040615433,Recommended,214560,32219174,Posted: 6 June,all,managust,gud game add to your library :))
,Recommended,214560,22836494,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ace boi,It's a good 2D stealth game. Need I say more?
76561197995587647,Recommended,214560,28359755,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lafé,One of the only ninja games where you actually feel like a ninja.
76561198034103562,Recommended,214560,28334413,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,lixin,"This is a great game, I would recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,214560,868651,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,Vozhd,"Тащемта, строго рекомендую. Понравилось даже человеку, который не может в стелс игры (мне)."
76561198144996245,Recommended,214560,33698483,Posted: 21 July,all,Marbar,"Mark of the ninja is one of the few games that get stealth right.You play as one of the survivors after a brutal attack on your ninja-clan's hideout. After rescuing your mentor, you are sent on a mission to hunt down and kill the man responsible for the attack...The gameplay in MOTN is about staying hidden at all times. Your character has special tattoos that strengthen his senses, and you will use these powers on your journey. Sound is just as important as vision in this game, and you will need to use it to locate enemies that you cannot see. In addition to your senses you have multiple ninja-tools at your disposal, plus different ""suits"" to fit different playstyles.Each level has collectables and challenges, so completionists will have plenty to do. There is also plenty of variation between the different levels, so the game doesn't get too repetitive.Mark of the ninja is an excellent stealth game that really makes you feel like a ninja. I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys the stealth genre."
,Recommended,214560,646625,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,MechaDangerous,"Mark of the Ninja succeeds where a lot of stealth games fail. Enemies truly react, and their dialogue is very well done. Terrifying a guard and causing him to shoot another guard was one of the most satisfying things I did in this game.If you play stealh games, or have an itch for an extremely well made ninja game, you NEED to play this."
76561198092033007,Recommended,214560,25721853,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Biker,This is possibly the best stealth game ever made.if you like stealth games then you have to try mark of the ninja.
,Recommended,214560,28789861,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nepttune,Buy it
,Recommended,214560,1438129,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Green Bastard,"Easily one of the best stealth games I've ever played. It has an enormous amount of variety in the way you can tackle your missions, and replaying the game in NG+ is all the more enjoyable with the different styles you can unlock to make it almost like an entirely different game. Huge recommendation to anyone who is a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,214560,16510751,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,theBrost,An excellent platformer with stealth or combat for you to choose.10/10
76561198100902097,Recommended,214560,13421279,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Oi actually love this band,"in this game you can be like the local♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ either stalk your pray and wait until they are alone and then strike, or get spotted and set off all the alarms and get arrested.      your choice 8/3"
,Recommended,214560,35055998,Posted: 18 September,all,HOLYONE,"Great gameplay Its fun, also stealth is really important. amazing art style and story with plenty of replay."
,Recommended,214560,24875420,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,funkyb4ss,"This is one of the best surprises I've had in gaming. It looks like a great game sure, but I didn't realize it was a classic.Looking at the store page, its appeal is rather obvious. A ninja platformer, OK. Nothing we haven't seen before right? Well folks, there's a reason people get excited for Klei games. The maker of Don't Starve, Invisible Inc, and Shanks 1&2 has a reputation for tightly-designed games with a lot of character, and Mark of the Ninja is to me their greatest achievement so far.I've never played a title that was so perfectly focused as this one. Every aspect of the game, be it the mechanics, story, graphics, sound, menus, etc -- everything seems to be perfect for the game, and complement one another, as if they have a genius project manager who knows exactly how much time should be spent on one aspect of the production or another.The controls are freakin' magical. I've never felt I'd mastered a game's controls like this one. You'll be sliding and flipping and jumping and sneaking in no time. You'll never be unsure where you can land or hide or stop or go, and you'll never make a mistake that's the game's fault. But it's not just how well it controls, it's also how they combine them with the animation and level design. Everything feels so precise but so smooth... you'll never get stuck on anything or fall off a ledge that looked safe, you'll never have trouble aiming.. I used a gamepad as is probably the better control scheme, but also tried m/kb an found it suprisingly useable.Each level has bonus challenges and a few collectibles to find, which really stretch out the level. But unlike so many games where these can seem like extra effort for unknown reward, in this game, you'll want to find all the things. And what's so cool about it is that although you'll have to work for it, you'll never need to google anything. You'll find everything if you look. I wish more games understood this.On top of that the ending is decent, and there is replayability as well, since you can play one of a few characters that each have their own special move and loadouts.So, in a nutshell- tight, polished stealth ninja gameplay with secrets, traps, projectiles, bladed weapons and challenging levels with variety and multiple paths, that never get frustrating or repetitive. Absolute classic, the pinnacle of indie gaming. You'll not find a more well-made game anywhere, AAA or indie."
,Recommended,214560,23029038,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
76561198067659181,Recommended,214560,29730914,Posted: 5 February,all,thesolo,stealth
,Recommended,214560,11802991,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Phylo,"Easily the best game about Ninjas ever made and probably the best stealth 2D platformer ever made. It stands among Metal Gear, Splinter Cell and Hitman as one of the best stealth games of all time.I highly recommend it to fans of the stealth genre, especially if you have a softspot for 2D platformers."
76561198193645942,Recommended,214560,29576727,Posted: 29 January,all,diggymaster,supper great game it is the best stelth games ever
76561197993060918,Recommended,214560,26585636,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aquinas,7/10
,Recommended,214560,26649651,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,skEtch,One of my favorite gaming experiences of 2012.
,Recommended,214560,26617511,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],a good stealth game.
,Recommended,214560,18968588,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight
,Recommended,214560,1299460,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,googleman81,"This game is not perfect, but it's pretty darn close."
,Recommended,214560,1197209,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Shatilov,"One of the best stealth games you play. As a Ninja offcourse.Edit after 4 years in 2017.Played the game again after 4 years, mainly to finish the New Plus mod, and the Special Edition Level, and I have to say, the game was changed alot from the time I played it 1st in 2012, due to updates. The new commentary notes and the non lethal approach that is added, change the gameplay dramatically. and playing on Plus Mod. Its gets alot more challenging. This is my 2nd play through, and I liked it again."
76561197991361347,Recommended,214560,8911519,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[-THEMIGHTYBOOSH-],this game is a fun stealth assasin game... to start with its limited but the more you play you can then customise play style due to new skills and weapons unlocked makeing replay more fun to be able to get the achevments ... this is defo a game to get esp when its on sale
,Recommended,214560,4872652,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,firestarter_Cx,It's a game about ninjas... and killing people.What else is there to say?
76561198013132245,Recommended,214560,13248134,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,huminado,"Not really ""my thing"" at least when I first bought this game.  But it's nice casual fun sort of a stealth platformer with a storyline and levelling RPG aspects.  The artwork and lighting are really noteworthy and add atmosphere.  And there are occasional minipuzzles and developer notes strewn throughout gameplay to add flavor.I still have 2 extra copies for ""sale"" (trade for TF2 keys) - let me know if you're interested."
,Recommended,214560,678783,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Dave,"Wow. This game totally rocked. The story was very good, with a couple of unexpected twists. Like in Magicka, the gameplay is easy enough to make you feel like a total badass, but you can still get killed very quickly if you're not paying attention. The DLC is due out this Friday, and I'll be pouncing on it as soon as it's available; no waiting on a sale for this one!This game is definitely worth the full purchase price, and there's absolutely no reason not to snatch it up the next time it goes on sale. Get it. You'll love it. :)<edit>You can play it for free this weekend to see that, yes, you really do want it; and then buy it for 75% off. Do it!"
76561198132476688,Recommended,214560,12151160,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Alf,"This is one of the best stealth games that I've played in a long time. This is what you would get if you combined Gunpoint with Assassins’ Creed, if you were to take only the best elements from each. Everything in the game feels fluid, tactile and responsive. More than that, it is a game that encourages you to experiment with different play styles. I’ve played through the entire game, including the DLC, and I’m still having fun playing through again to experiment and take different approaches to levels. The art style is fantastic, and the story is sufficient to provide a nice framework for the game.There is a lot that this game gets right, but one thing that sets this game apart from many other stealth games is the pacing. You never spend too much time standing around waiting for a guard to walk to a certain position. Irrespective of whether you want to kill everything in your path or try to slip by everyone undetected, it is possible to progress quite quickly, especially once you start getting the hang of the game. Also, if you get spotted you can still fight back, and if you get killed you never lose too much progress. 2D platform games don’t get much better than this, and if you are a fan of stealth games you absolutely have to have this."
,Recommended,214560,6864888,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Darcidiian,Best Stealth/Strategy game I've played in a while. If you like sneaking around and stabbing people in the back pick this one up.
76561198007793334,Recommended,214560,17221706,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Kaledvoulc'h,"Edit- So since my initial review I have found that turning off x-fire fixes my issues, now giving a whole hearted thumbs up.Let me start by saing I really enjoy this game.  The art direction, the simplicity, the overall ninjaey fun is great.  However for me, the game freezes way too oten requring me to exit the game using task manager.  A google search makes it looks like I'm in the minority with this problem, but the fact that it took me over 2 hours to beat the first level because of the constant freezing makes me give this title a thumbs down, for now."
76561198012374319,Recommended,214560,34777979,Posted: 6 September,all,Le Cid,"Forgettable but enjoyable game. A bit of action, a bit of platform, a bit of puzzles, and the whole mix works."
76561197979770499,Recommended,214560,8486002,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Breeze[FIN],"If you want a platformer with a story, good gameplay and always wanted to be a Ninja, this game is for you. It's one of the best platformers available for PC today and you really can't go by buying it. Owning a gamepad is recommended, though."
,Recommended,214560,8588931,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Satelia,Makes you feel like your awesome.
,Recommended,214560,21037169,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Blackbaldrik,"Mark of the Ninja best Stealth-Game I haveeverplayed.The Art-Style is absolutely amazing, the gameplay is perfect in every way, and you can play through the game almost any way you want.The Story is good too.If you like sneaking around and/or Ninjas, there is no excuse for not getting this game."
,Recommended,214560,5417440,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Kilim,i am.................a  忍者
,Recommended,214560,806945,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,Butterknife,Best stealth game since Splinter Cell.
,Recommended,214560,2051442,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,♠♥_Hastyle1_♣♦,"A very cool and fun game to play if you're into being a ninja!!  I haven't played a better ninja game since Tenchu on consoles years ago.  And I was a HUGE Tenchu fan!!!  The developers make it very easy for you to get into the stealthy ninja mood.  I've personally waited for this game to come out on pc for a long time.  I would HIGHLY recommend a controller though, especially a xbox 360 controller!"
,Recommended,214560,25596966,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,白雪 みぞれ Mizore,not bad 7/10
,Recommended,214560,13879884,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DrgnLive,I love that game so much :DSometimes there are difficult and annoying stagesWhat is important is that I enjoy :)I recommend it
76561198274801901,Recommended,214560,24266351,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,GodSlayerZ,Great
,Recommended,214560,12203219,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Upsilon,"From the creators of the acclaimed beat-em-up Shank, comes a stealth game that blindsided gamers: Mark of the Ninja (MotN). Why were we blind sided? We had no clue it was going to be THIS good!MotN is obviously a stealth game where you play a nameless ninja in search of vengence for the man who destroyed his hometown. As you can probably guess from the generic cliche of a plot, the story is nothing to write home about. At all. You've got your excuse to slaughter everything in your path so what are you waiting for?!Our protagonist is specially chosen to bear tatoo ""marks"". It essentially acts as phencyclidine (PCP); heightening his senses, reflexes, and strength, but all at the cost of his diminishing sanity. The plot only continues to disappoint with its choppy story telling, brief and hyper fast cutscenes, and the confusing, rushed dialogue/writing. The plot was definately the after thought. The 2 endings that last about 4 seconds each do nothing to ease the failure.Thankfully, that's about where the cons end. The only other drawback is the music, which mostly consists of lame percussion segments.Now on to the numerous pros! The voice acting is fantastic. Especially your guide, Ora. Her voice perfectly fits a ninja, and she performed well as a narrator. All the guards have many, many recorded lines, so they have many variations to ""the light broke!"" preventing their voices from becoming too stale. The jumps have a nice ""whoosh!"", throwing kunai have a satisfying ""shing!"" as they cut through the air, gun fire, alarms, gongs, katanas piercing flesh, or the haunting sound of crows' ""caw"", the sound delivers in every detail, save for music.The graphics have a slick, water-paint art style that fits the mood very well. Each mission has well thought-out light/dark segments and are never cluttered. The player can easily see the layout and it all has a very ""vidoe game-y"" feel to it. Character sprites and enviornments also are well detailed.The gameplay is where MotN won all the hype. By pressing move keys, you are automatically ""sneaking"" which can be turned to sprint by holding the shift key. You can jump, climb almost any wall, use a grappling hook to hook onto street lights above, throw kunai to knock out lights or draw guards, and many others. ""Intuitive"" is the word that comes to mind. It all flows so smoothly.When you sneak up to a guard to kill him, you left click which zooms the camera into you and your victim. A prompt will appear telling you to hold left click again, then swipe left or right, giving each kill a little interactivity. Succeed, and it's a silent kill. Fail, and you might as well set off an ambulance.Of course, what is a ninja without his cool gadgets? You have many at your disposal that you unlock as the game goes on. If you perform well, you are even awarded points to unlock more gadgets, more special attacks, or gadget upgrades (such as remote detonation of distractions). Just don't upgrade the smokebomb. Trust me.The U.I. is what makes the game run so well. By watching circles emit from things, you can see how far the sound is traveling, and use this to distract guards, or go undetected entirely. They also detect guards not in your line of sight by emitting from their footsteps. It's a terrific, visual metaphor. The U.I. also shows you were you can use your hook to scale buildings or escape danger.The game additionally boasts so many options for each situation, and rewards you for all of them. Do you want to kill everything with your sword? How about with a gadget instead? Knock down the chandilier to wipe them out all at once? Or my route: distract them and slip away, leaving them untouched?Aside from all the bloodshed, MotN also brings great platforming segments such as using switches to open/shut doors to avoid the infamous RED LAZERS OF INSTANT DEATH, or climbing around a moving platform to avoid MOAR LAZERS OF INSTANT DETH!1!!11. They really do get quite creative, and are very challenging, but rewarding when you end up on the other side unscratched.My favorite new idea they bring to the table is the ability to ""terrorize"" guards with other dead bodies. Terrorized guards move more predictably, and don't search thoroughly...but for whatever reason, suddenly their bullets arch around objects to hit you.With terrorize, you can lure guards into shooting each other in panic, scare them off of a rooftop to fall to their doom, or walk right up to them and cut them down. It's a brilliant mechanic and I hope it and more like it catch on in the stealth genre!Final Verdict: MotN is a very well polished stealth game that delivers in almost every category. The plot leaves much to be desired, and the music could be much better, but that's not enough to stop Mark of the Ninja from earning a 10/10. Nice work, team."
76561198213532837,Recommended,214560,29824083,Posted: 10 February,all,yawa ka wang,"Experiencing this stunning game was worth the 20 hours I spent this from the engaging storyline to  Beautifully animated cutscenes and challenging gameplay that rewards you with the many weapons, upgrades and costumes to help you through the many difficult areas the thing that holds this game back is the game does get easier once have certain upgrades like the Stealth Suit for example I think the best costume and not only that the game is rediculously short but the charm of the game is the stealth mechanics and the key to a good stealth game is strategy and this has it in spades wether eniemes are hunting you down are or land hazards like poison gas, spikes, or booby traps try killing you before the guys do because of this  the game is continuely keeping you on your toes and makes you wonder what bad guy is next for me to kill/avoid.My rating for this game is a 8/10 a great looking game that could used a little more on it's sushi plate but what they made was super satizfiying anyway"
76561198027692026,Not Recommended,214560,23876225,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jamez,"The game's main bait is the cool cartoonish look and animations. However, 30 minutes or less is all you need to experience all the game has to offer. Sure there are some additional bells and whistles that drop every once in a while as you progress, but they're requisites on top of a core that stays unchanged. So what fails?Game designAs good as it looks in a 2-minute gameplay video or on a screenshot, the design doesn't have the depth and variety to make a 10-hour game. It just get's worn out.Level designHere's probably the weakest aspect of the whole game. You get the same level design with mild variations from beginning to the end. Too soon it starts to feel like doing chores.In-game tasksYou have to complete small in-game tasks to earn points to level up. The tasks, however rather break the immersion than add anything to it. Most often they were just annoying, at best neutral, not once thrilling.StoryThe ending was surprisingly good in many ways. The rest of the story was plain and uninteresting though. Sad thing is, that a good story would have helped a lot to make up for some other missing features.MechanicsThere's a strong stealth system built into the game, equal to the Hitman series. Here's where the game shines most. You sneak, hide, distract, terrorize, confuse, stealth kill enemies and more. Having pulled that off in 2D makes the outcome even sweeter. The power-ups shine with originality and come in handy, whatever approach you choose to go with. And on top of that, the quick time events while killing with a sword, gives a nice extra touch.ReplayabilityLots of replay value for three reasons:1. Great game for speedrun.2. You can try to complete all the mini-tasks and find all the hidden places.3. Upon finishing the game you unlock a new difficulty mode with tougher challenges.VerdictI found myself struggling to finish the game because of the repetitive level design and the overall routine that I felt while playing. The in-game tasks made it feel like a competitive game, common to sports genre, whereas it should have focused more on the immersion and atmosphere. Despite the power-ups I didn't feel like there was much character development going on. Besides the philosophical ramblings thrown at you time after time, you never really get to know the character."
,Recommended,214560,6901549,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,dark.solitude,"Довольно жесткая игра, играть без джойстика оказалось ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ски проблематично. Ну а джойстик мой не настолько хорош чтобы идеально управлять.Недостатков не нашел, разве что здоровья у ниндзя многовато)"
,Recommended,214560,12307871,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Chippen,nice
76561197972913813,Recommended,214560,608905,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,Bladewolf,"From the creators of Shank 1 and 2 comes new stealth-action Mark Of The Ninja. You play as nameless Ninja who is branded by misterious tatoos on his body which grants him unique powers, but apart from that he is capable of doing different tricks. The story is fine and gameplay is a blast. You can either kill all bad guys or leave them alone. You get special points depending on your playthroguh whcih you can later spend of different upgrades like moves or equipment. And you can use different equipment like darts to destroy lights or make some noise or use smoke bombs to get through laser corridors. Main aspect of game is that you have different ways to finish level. And there is a lot of stuff can be done. Your main ally in this game is shadow. No one can see you there until it's illuminated with light. The soundtrack is pure epic. And game is itself a challenge to play but palying new game+ is more challenging. There is nothing wrong with this game and it doesn't need any fixes but some dlc would be nice. Go grab it, it's a blast 10/10."
76561198088533304,Recommended,214560,33247489,Posted: 4 July,all,Master,ok
,Recommended,214560,24750438,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥
,Recommended,214560,26589709,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vikmind,10/10
,Recommended,214560,6342407,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Kurikara,Hammer Spiel :D
,Recommended,214560,8483011,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Legitga,This game is so beast trust me get it I love it Gets straight into awesome/badass. And if your thinking of not getting it cus there is no multiplayer well trust me this game needs no multiplayer. After 2.1hrs of playing this I noticed no bugs or anything I would like to change in the game. And if you dont take my word for it and want to look into more detail then search for reviews on youtube or go on the steam page to see the some text reviews. This game is jaw dropping and worth buying also its on sale right now so be quick 80% off :D. And to make it even better the game has cards =).
,Recommended,214560,16358954,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hallack,.
76561197998887299,Recommended,214560,10001614,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sniblet,3.6/5
,Recommended,214560,28656194,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ozi,"Hey, naruto!This is what ninjas are for f♥ck's sake you weeabistic abomination."
,Recommended,214560,11756408,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,OwlEyes,YES
,Recommended,214560,2228495,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,granderojo,"In some alternate universe this game came out in 1993 on the SNES, game feels like it should be on a cart."
76561198146284874,Recommended,214560,32214357,Posted: 5 June,all,ChupaThange,"Picked this game up to stream onTwitch.tv/ChupaThangE(I now shameless plug) and have not been disappointed. The story is pretty basic. Ninjas get attacked, fight back with specially selected champion...yada yada, but dont let the basic storyline fool you. The gameplay is fantastic. The mix of stealth, ninja tools, skillsets, and seamless combat are well worth the $15. I would for sure recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a decent side-scroller.BUY THIS GAME"
76561198083622990,Recommended,214560,13580077,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nut up or shut up,"Amazing gameplay, awesome graphics, pretty neat story and all for £2.Buy it.It's wurf."
,Recommended,214560,176056,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,SweetAsNz,"This game is fantastic, Klei's best game yet, Stealth at it's best, MAX Replayability due to massive levels and multiple routes and ways to play Stealth, Terror, etc...I give this game 10/10 buy it now!"
76561198007409592,Recommended,214560,10081737,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Stealth done right.
76561198041125611,Recommended,214560,12569367,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,fun
,Recommended,214560,26675791,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,crispy chicken,ninya
,Recommended,214560,26684595,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LordAutismo,Every second of this game gave me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Ending was too edgy compared to the rest of the gamplay tho....Umm ye buy it
,Recommended,214560,26669879,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gilandir,a
,Recommended,214560,26687498,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Løaf,"Its like being a ninja, but i cant say that because i might get ninja'd so i will ninja this review about a ninja game.Be a ninja, that is all"
76561198068417399,Recommended,214560,23791204,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NerdErudito,Best game I've played on Steam so far.
,Recommended,214560,9462347,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Bobbi Deniro,One of the best games I've ever played thoroughly enjoyed getting the 100% on the achievements.
,Recommended,214560,32313891,Posted: 10 June,all,Hydrus BlaZe,Best 2d stealth platform out there (if there are any others). A unique stealth/ninja game that has so much originality. The cartoony art style is fantastic and pulled off so well. The cutscenes are also very smooth and well made.
,Recommended,214560,14600787,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Game is good. Ending is ridiculously stupid.Would be awesome for speedruns, but has a few very cheaty bugs and CONSTANT, EXTREMELY ANNOYING CUTSCENES that make it a lot less awesome. Adding a configurable speedrun mode would be very nice."
,Recommended,214560,28881509,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PhantomLord,pure stealth game
,Recommended,214560,16408174,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"Great stealth mechanics in this game.  Worth playing to experience them, as they're quite novel.  Ends up being a rather short and easy game - with a hefty number of flaws - but its core mechanics are still worthy."
76561198343587422,Recommended,214560,32216739,Posted: 6 June,all,DaLordOfDerp,Realy cool game kinda like solid snake
,Recommended,214560,29282473,Posted: 15 January,all,Cuckhead is a bad game,"Mark of the Ninja takes place in the ancient city of Mapungubwe (meaning 'hill of the jackal'), an Iron Age archaeological site in the Limpopo Province on the border between South Africa, Zimbabwe and Botswana, 75 km from Messina. It sits close to the point where the Limpopo and Shashe Rivers meet. One thousand years ago, Mapungubwe appears to have been the centre of the largest known kingdom in the African sub-continent. The civilization thrived as a sophisticated trading center from around 1200 to 1300 AD, trading gold and ivory with China, India and Egypt.Your goal is to transform this small city into a nation. Barbaric tribes will try to raid your areas, and European invaders along with other African nations will rival you for land.The site was 'discovered' on 31 December 1932, when a local informant, Mowena, led E.S.J. van Graan (farmer and prospector), his son and three others, to Greefswald farm on Mapungubwe Hill. On the hill they noticed stone walls and on closer inspection, they recovered gold and iron artifacts, pottery and glass beads. Van Graan's son recognized the academic value of the site and contacted the head history department at the University of Pretoria, Professor Leo FouchÁƒÂƒ©. As a result of his intervention, the University negotiated with the owner of the property, E.E. Collins. In a legal agreement the University took ownership of the gold and other artifacts and secured an option and contract for excavation rights. The University also successfully requested a postponement of prospecting, mining and related activities on Greefswald. In June 1933, Greefswald was bought by the Government and excavation rights were granted to the University of Pretoria. The University established an Archaeological Committee, which from 1933 to 1947 oversaw research and excavations (read more about the excavations).The find initially received wide publicity in the media, but soon the archaeological digs and discoveries made by the University were kept fairly secret and were only made public after 1994. Possibly because the discovery provided evidence of a civilization that existed and flourished years before European occupation.Mapungubwe hill is 300m long, broad at one end, tapering at the other. It is only accessible by means of two very steep and narrow paths that twist their way to the summit, and yet 2 000 tons of soil were been artificially transported to the very top by a prehistoric people of unknown identity.Archaeological enquiry uncovered the remnants of numerous dwellings, which had been built on the ruins of predecessors over many generations, resulting in a series of habitation phases. Radiocarbon dates show that the first buildings were erected below the hill at the beginning of the 11th century AD. But adjacent to Mapungubwe is the sister site of Bambadyanalo, which was settled even earlier. It seems that the centre of the state shifted from Bambandyanalo to Mapungubwe hill in about 1045 AD, when the town most probably became overcrowded. It was also at about this time that hills and mountains became associated with royalty and the noble classes began to build their structure on high ground. This is an important observation as it provided evidence of the extensive wealth and social differentiation of the people of Mapungubwe, in other words this ancient civilization was class-based.The gold findings are also evidence of early gold smelting. A large amount of artifacts from the royal family were discovered at Mapungubwe. The best known of these objects is the golden rhinoceros. All in all, the amount of gold from this burial amounted to 7 503 ounces.In the 1400's it appears that all the citizens of the kingdom left leaving palaces and the settlements behind. We don't know exactly why the people of Mapungubwe moved away, but the ruins give us a good idea of how these people lived and how their society and political structures grew over the years. Scholars believe that the climate in the area changed, which made it much harder to grow crops and feed animals, this might have caused the civilization to move.Greefswald farm remained the property of the State from the 1930s. Management of the farm was taken over by the provincial Department of Nature Conservation in 1992 and control was transferred to SANParks in 1999. Mapungubwe was declared a World Heritage Site by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) in July 2003."
,Recommended,214560,1646721,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton",both the best and the only 2D ninja stealth platformer
76561198264268158,Recommended,214560,23007344,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Laobi,Mark of the Ninja review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up8dEPSt2zc
76561198020144608,Recommended,214560,21598679,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,214560,2380099,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,peppage,"This is one of the best stealth games ever. I really enjoy sneaking around in this game, it just gives you all the information you need to be a badass ninja. You must have a lot of patience to play this game though."
,Recommended,214560,4162456,"Posted: 13 December, 2012",all,Arlen Tektolnes,Absolutely brilliant
,Recommended,214560,14702138,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,I'm a member of S.T.A.R.S.!,it's good
,Recommended,214560,3394254,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Omega,"What can I say that hasn't been quoted by reviews before? Not much. But there's nothing to disagree with.This is easily.. one of the most simplistic, intricately designed stealth games I've ever had the joy of playing. It isn't necessarily long, and you might get two playthroughs out of it, maximum.But if you wanna sneak around, like some shadowy♥♥♥♥♥night-stalkin' ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, then by all means, do yourself a favour and buy this.. You can't go wrong, unless you're very, very bad at stealth, because trying to slash your way through this isn't gonna work."
,Recommended,214560,8355570,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rabbidscool,Ninjas gonna love this game...
,Recommended,214560,31519310,Posted: 2 May,all,Jonttunen,It's a ninja game where you play as a cyborg ninja called Genji.
,Recommended,214560,29477437,Posted: 24 January,all,Shabbro96,"One of best stealth game in the gaming world. cool story, nice mechanics, beautiful 2D graphics, great soundtracksSome episodes are just full of but it is ok"
,Recommended,214560,4229611,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,Super Stealth game with great plot!
,Recommended,214560,17447056,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,𝐅𝐨𝐤𝐳,VERY GOOD.
76561198085185252,Recommended,214560,32207222,Posted: 5 June,all,The Scary Cow,Objectively the best stealth game ever made.
,Recommended,214560,21012309,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,C:aptain,I recommend this game
76561198112669681,Recommended,214560,23275445,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,214560,34149641,Posted: 10 August,all,Nobody,goodgame
76561198011515629,Recommended,214560,23969438,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Blackcompany,"Slick, clever, intelligent and highly polished. The perfect Ninja game.Pros:-Slick animations-Lots of player agency in how you approach challenges-Ninjas that actually use shadows and stealth, not just slice and dice ""tactics""-A cool, unique story-Steal of a priceCons:You apparently haven't played it yet. So fix that."
,Recommended,214560,33963129,Posted: 1 August,all,mems,"was really fun, you'll want to play on high settings to show the amount of detail the developers put into this game"
,Recommended,214560,29264965,Posted: 14 January,all,SOCOM,more like mark of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,214560,33874525,Posted: 29 July,all,cheezbass,"the core gameplay of this game is great. the whole stealth system is well flushed out and allows the player to tackle each situation in a variety of ways. however if you look at this game as anything more than a series of levels then it fails. the animation looks like a knock off version of the early 2000's tmnt show. the story is s♥♥♥♥♥tic and at no point did i really feel like i truly understood what was happening. there was clearly alot of backstory missing. the voice acting is absolutely horrendous featuring plenty of cheesey lines as well as horrific russian and australian accents. its sad to see such fantastic gameplay truly get overshadowed by the horror of every other aspect. if you can focus on just the gameplay then by all means get this game when its on sale. as for me, the cons outweigh the pros too much for me to recommend it"
,Not Recommended,214560,32244954,Posted: 7 June,all,ney,almost broke my computer
,Recommended,214560,13684371,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"8 hours for Main story completion on 1 playthrough. Due to the nature of the game. I loved to at least try to get high score and points possible which added the play time.9/10 as a decent action\platformer(If you liek replayability in a game this is a 10/10). Story line is top notch. I became aware of the twist during the first half of the game but it is all part of the plan. Difficulty is just right. There are still hard parts but not too much.Needs improvement on ""Nothing"" I foudn nothing wrong with the gameI recommend this game"
,Recommended,214560,7432541,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Taktloss,Great stealth game from the creators of Shank.
,Not Recommended,214560,24568222,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,[VI] Gravity_Lord,"Just not for me.I love the art style, liked the vibe. I wasn't really into the story, but then again, it's just a vehicle for a ninja to fight a modern private army. Gameplay is smooth and you feel like you have a lot of freedom in your movement. Most encounters are a puzzle to solve.Ultimately, I was getting too frustrated with the objective and checkpoint system interaction. You are encouraged to return to levels or restart at checkpoints in order improve your score or complete additional objectives. Doing these things earns you points to give you additional abilities and ways to play, but as a result I found there was a strong incentive to do missions over and over again in order to meet these objectives. As a result, I would be encountering checkpoints that were too far from areas where I could complete an objective, mess up, restart, and have to go through one or two rooms I've already mastered just to get back to the part I wanted to improve. This became tedious and frustrating and if you make a mistake and select the restart level option, the game gives you no recourse and brings you back to the very first checkpoint of the level, invalidating your progress.These points where checkpoints were too spread out led to points of frustration and for a game that encourages restarting to fix mistakes, having to go all the way back to the beginning on accident and having no recourse just kills any interest I have in restarting. After doing the same room for the umpteenth time, it becomes unenjoyable.If you want to have a fun puzzle/platform/stealth game, have a go at Mark of the Ninja, but if you have even a shred of a perfectionist in you, you're probably going to have a bad time."
,Recommended,214560,13645932,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mostly Harmless,stealthy
,Recommended,214560,29737177,Posted: 6 February,all,Ham Man,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhXz60f0HLU
76561198380232438,Not Recommended,214560,33445273,Posted: 10 July,all,zacharykozinski,"I didn't get the best chance to play this game, as the game was essentially unplayable for me. I bought the game, excited for a nice stealth game (I play with a PS4 Controller with DS4Windows), only to find the camera floating above my character.  My choices were to: A) Play with the camera button put down, or B) Play with a mouse and keypad, which is not how I want to play. For being a game that advertises full controller support...the contoller isn't really supported."
,Recommended,214560,29810849,Posted: 9 February,all,God WonderSilver,you like steath games? you like 2D platforming games? you like ninjas? yes? then you will love this game
76561198140902175,Recommended,214560,26744060,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Parks,dont buy this
,Recommended,214560,5271456,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,LVL 99 Slime,I feel like a ninja. oddly enough i find myself  sneaking cookies more often after playing this XD
,Not Recommended,214560,29575567,Posted: 29 January,all,Dr. Doctor,"I would have liked the game if it weren't score based. There are various ways to get through levels, but the existence of the score board and the ways how it counts scores messes up most of the otherwise fine strategies, making them look inferior ways of playing. In short, the game offers diverse ways to play it and then kills it with it's own hand.I have quit the game when I realized that I have to pass through a guard in stealth, then come back and make suspicious noise on purpose, spook him, then kill him and hide the body to get a full 'score'."
,Recommended,214560,2243119,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Anowi,"정말 잘 만든 잠입액션 게임추천, 두번추천!"
76561198051412189,Not Recommended,214560,29620583,Posted: 31 January,all,sizezero,"I think this is my first negative review.I bought this game to play on the couch in front of the TV.  For me this means ubuntu + steam link + steam controller.  For some reason the game always thinks I'm using a mouse an keyboard which makes it unplayable. There's a year old thread in the community discussion which shows many other people with this problem. I'm not sure if the problem is with SteamOS, steam link or steam controller but be warned that the game may not work correctly if you have some combination of these.It looks like a fun game. I wish I could play it."
,Not Recommended,214560,31730767,Posted: 13 May,all,Retrowaver,"POS console port. With controls so bad, it's truely a no go. Game itself is good looking, but the story is boring overall."
76561198016129633,Recommended,214560,22809972,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,Ever wanted to be a ninja without getting caught by your mom while cosplaying a ninja in your 30's?  Now you can! Buy this amazing stealth game.Guard killing simulator. 10/10 would get ninja tattoos again.Must buy for stealth game fans.End of review.
76561198111504588,Not Recommended,214560,24070220,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SnickerZ_FTW,"Mark of the ninja is a very satisfying game at first. The core gameplay is great but the problem is that the game gets insanely repetitive. As you progress through the story line you are met with very little new challenges. The game claims to be a stealth game but I see it more as a puzzle game. Besides the game being repetitive as I said the core gameplay is great. Good animations, good character development, and a ok story. I wouldnt buy this game at full price, get it when its on sale if you wish to try it."
76561198064353150,Not Recommended,214560,32225959,Posted: 6 June,all,The Onceler,"This could be the best stealth game ever, but I will never find out as this is this worst port of controls I have ever seen. this is getting refunded. unless you have a controller dont bother. this game does not support mouse and keyboard.p.s. I have heard that for some people mouse and keyboard is fine. That was not the case for me and this game is still unplayable for me. Give it a go and maybe it will work for you. But in my case  I just refunded it."
76561197975377703,Not Recommended,214560,28181770,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Valentine (Lunaticus),"The controls suck. With controller I'm forced to use the stick for movement which feels awkward as ♥♥♥♥ for a sidescroller 2D game, always have and always will. I have no idea why devs keep doing this. I didn't even feel like there was any reason for it. Seriously WTF? Well it shouldn't be too much of a problem and many times hasn't been, just go to controls and switch the movement to D-pad.... Oh wait, you can't! That is simply unforgivable. I just can't understand it. Why the hell would you not allow me to change the controls?!I mean seriously is there some actual legit reason for it? I'd really like to know if so.So controller suck, better try keyboard and mouse though I don't have high expectations for them. These controls are actually somewhat decent (for what I was expecting) though a bit awkward. And then I go assassinate someone... The left mouse button just simply doesn't work for assassinations and I couldn't understand why, I tried it many times so I went to the controls and hey I can actually change them, there's are even secondary keys for one action which is good. So why the hell couldn't this be done with controllers? Anyway it shows the left mouse button as the key for assassination so what the hell is wrong with it then? I change the secondary assassination key to X and suddenly it works perfectly.I'm definitely not in the mood for getting used to awkward controls right now and they are so vital to a good game, you should never ♥♥♥♥ them up or at least give the player some way to change them. Just because you think some form of controls are good doesn't mean they are for everyone. This would've probably been a great game if I could have played this on controller with D-pad."
76561198218568356,Not Recommended,214560,26230165,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,LegionOfMe,"I didn't like the story and I didn't like the gameplay.I quit this game after killing Karajan.I could list plenty of reasons why I didn't like the gameplay, but the most important thing is I hate it when games make it so hard for you to earn upgrades & items, and then so viciously refuse to let you use 90% of those,because you only have 4 slots and can only change those slots at certain upgrade machines that appear within the level. And they occur freakin rarely. I refuse to go back the entire level just because the devs were too much of an a... to put more such stations in the levels, like at deciding points at least, where you absolutely need a certain item to pass.After playing the first 3 bonus levels I found, I skipped all of them after that, because if you die, you'll have to do them from the start and once you entered them, you can't even skip them. Not worth my time.Screw this game."
,Not Recommended,214560,28462840,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Emshehel,"The game has great art and visuals although after 20-30 minutes of gameplay, the game gets boring quick and repetitive. The story was uninteresting and the characters felt fake and there was no buildup connection to the player. 4/10 Wait for dailies."
,Not Recommended,214560,26709116,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,white supremacist dog,"It's nice and all, but really didn't connect with me. I tried again and again to get into it, but couldn't really. I would recommend if you're super into stealth games,"
76561198117806970,Not Recommended,214560,32230577,Posted: 6 June,all,mccafferty.max,"Feeling like it's overrated.. I just get frustrated with controls mostly - think it's kinda crap to have very tight situational challenges and then little button versatility/control schemes / timing in the game itself in which these actions occur and whether it could be interrupted or not......I like the attempt but this game is more of a platformer than a stealth, especially given that it's 2dlast thought: this game is cool and all, I bought it on sale and, I mean, it's fun and all...This is flash game material. I question if it truly deserves money to be played"
,Not Recommended,214560,30688248,Posted: 23 March,all,Aaron PDX,"Controls and graphics strangely slow, and it's a bit repetitive; not enough variety. There's other better stealth games out there."
76561198085926417,Recommended,214560,11865291,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Coleco_84,"2D Tenchu, an awesome stealth game, lots of replay value."
,Recommended,214560,1487895,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,wobbler,"Better than shank, even better than shank 2. Very different kind of gameplay in the same kind of style, but with the same brutal cartoon violence.I have played for about an hour now, and had nothing but great fun with it.It is difficult but not unfair, which makes a nice change from all the games that just hold your hand all the way through these days.The only thing missing is a co-op mode. Seeing as I have spent a lot of time with a female ninja close by I fell it is a missed opportunity. But maybe they are holding it back for DLC? I hope not because that will be a horrible way to milk money from people.but basically a solid game, with great mechanics, nice controls (on a controller at least, haven't bothered with m/kb), and lots of laughs.I would give this (judging by the hour I have played it, if the game stays this much fun) a good solid 8.5 out of 10 at least."
13373222281488420,Not Recommended,214560,32365749,Posted: 12 June,all,TyпopbI/\aR TyпopbI/\octb,Where is chidori?
,Not Recommended,214560,33754370,Posted: 23 July,all,ObservedCube,"If you want story play this game, if you want combat play Ronin. In my opinion, this game falls flat; its trying to grab a bar that is out of reach. I havent played long cause i cant stand how the controls feel and the fact that there are better games that could be played."
,Not Recommended,214560,31933678,Posted: 24 May,all,flamey,"The combat mechanic is slightly cumbersome, and there's just not enough to the game for me to recommend it. Get 'Invisible, Inc.' instead, which is far superior."
76561198353368932,Not Recommended,214560,33297059,Posted: 5 July,all,sg,"This game is not worth buying. It's more frustrating than fun.The controls are clunky and unintuitive. There also seems to be some input lag.Whether or not the game considers a movement acceptable as not being seen by enemies is so finicky, it doesn't feel like it requires skill to complete segments, but rather luck.The plot is so shoehorned and I could do without it.If the game was more forgiving on dectection, or if the character movement was actually fluid, it would be so much better. However, since it does neither of this things, the immersion is broken every time you're reminded how badly designed the game is."
,Not Recommended,214560,34721733,Posted: 3 September,all,Little Dutch,"Too difficult, it is not always clear how to progress and so far I have not been able to complete any level without killing someone, even though the game says that it is possible. Takes a patient and intuitive kind of gamer, which is not me. Sound design and artwork is very nice though."
76561197995120012,Not Recommended,214560,27597943,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tiger Striped Cat,Buggy as hell.
,Recommended,214560,11741968,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dale,"Be stealthy like Big Boss or kill everything in sight, either way this game is worth playing no matter what."
,Not Recommended,214560,26691394,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,*Yuki*,"Soapy visuals, non-rebindable controller buttons"
76561198046214441,Recommended,214560,15135285,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,TheSquishiestManatee,Wtf? This game sucks. I can't just run in and kill people. I mean you can but it's really ineffective. I keep dying each time I try. This game is trash. Don't buy it.
76561197960458147,Recommended,214560,29807,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Jackal,snappy stealth game!
,Not Recommended,214560,29056999,Posted: 6 January,all,mnt,"Boring story, complicated controls. Stopped playing after 22 minutes."
,Not Recommended,214560,24299923,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kouwen,"Very quickly becomes both boring and frustrating.  Character is difficult to control; moving, jumping, etc. is not nearly as fluid or precise as it should be for a stealth game.  Though there were way more puzzles than a stealth game should have."
,Not Recommended,214560,24516353,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,n00binga,"Everything may be great, but due to the mindless intolerance for other controlls than the ZBox controller (also with the keyboard) this is disgusting to play."
,Not Recommended,214560,22738395,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Verain,"Linux review:Game seizes every available hotkey, including alt+tab.  Why would a console type game need to block alt+tab?  Workaround is shift+tab to get steam overlay, then alt+tab (or whatever) to get to the rest of the box.Game lacks controller configuration, which means you have to do it out of band or have the buttons assigned randomly.  My controller has six action buttons and two trigger buttons, a perfect number for the Xbox controller it wants.  It sees my trigger buttons as the ""start and select"" equivalents, and then maps two of my buttons to nothing at all, meaning that when the game wants right trigger (dash) or left trigger (focus), I don't have any button that does those things.The first issue is probably related to their Linux engine, and has a workaround.  The second is just a serious issue- every game needs a controller configuration mode, or you are definitely going to be screwing over some customers.Game looks ok, and if I ever get to play it, I'll probably end up recommending it.  As it is, I cannot."
,Not Recommended,214560,26067956,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,My dick fell off,Fun for a while... then boring
76561198273705752,Not Recommended,214560,24794416,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ORLRO,The game is designed to score high numbers not to amuse players
,Recommended,214560,2629611,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Tim Timsen,9/10This is a  freaking masterpiece and a gem among Jump & Stealth games.Get it or regret it.
76561197971874906,Not Recommended,214560,33015995,Posted: 29 June,all,FaZe DANK V.2.7,no.
,Not Recommended,214560,32223548,Posted: 6 June,all,mikelefree,A great disappointment! Fortunately I paid it only 3 €!
76561198031488125,Not Recommended,214560,24004282,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,eirannejad,Doesn't properly support DS4 controller on OS X. Even tried a keymapper but still doesn't work.
76561197988834081,Not Recommended,214560,33044145,Posted: 30 June,all,José Gomes Pinheiro Machado,"O jogo não é ruim. Ele é até legalzin. Mas ele tem alguns problemas que me fazem perder o interesseO estilo dos graficos é muito cartoon pro tom sombrio da históriaA história não é interessante o suficiente pra você não querer pular as animaçõesNão dá pra saber se o jogo quer que você mate os guardas pra ter mais pontos ou deixe eles vivos pra ganhar outros bonusMas em geral o gameplay não evolui dentro das proprias regras que estebeleceu. Uma coisa é ser esquisofrenico e mudar o tempo todo as mecanicas do jogo, mas não explora-las de formas diferentes só faz o jogo ficar estagnado."
,Not Recommended,214560,23852474,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,crazychief01,It would be a great game if the controls weren't terrible. For a Ninja my character sure feels like a giant turd that lurches about. Just no smoothness at all. Only bother if you are a platform lover with patience.
76561198149405544,Not Recommended,214560,25083625,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Fazzle,Did NAHT LIKE IT
76561198027374503,Not Recommended,214560,25721029,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,CGM,"side scrolling ninja type game, fairly easy...seems like a free to play game or something that would have been good for a gameboy"
,Not Recommended,214560,30471668,Posted: 12 March,all,bobthebaker1 **,Dead
,Recommended,214560,25663666,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Flakey🎈,Too stealthy for run and gun me.
,Not Recommended,214560,19399303,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hariibo123,"Clunky feel, horrendous voice acting, terrible animation in cutscenes and boring, linear, uninteresting gameplay"
76561197994395238,Not Recommended,214560,24509390,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Noobc0re,"Awful gameplay, awful controls, awful AI, awful UI. Stay the ♥♥♥♥ away!"
76561198127035543,Not Recommended,214560,16564456,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Neutrales.Element,"The one very positive thing in this game is the control/gameplay: it felt quite natural and provided lots of freedom.However, the game was lacking any incentive for me to continue playing it as neither the story nor the equipment or achievment system was really engaging.Would not buy again, sorry."
76561197995211570,Not Recommended,214560,13672450,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,La Mer,Watch out! It holds your hand tight! I couldn't get past the automated feel of this game. Everything is predetermined and takes the fun out of what could be a great stealth game. Sign of the times.
76561198044983601,Not Recommended,214560,20713869,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Chet Donnelly,don't believe the hype. everyone is coming from the price point. game controls are broken. you have to die 18 times before you can see how to clear a room. you can never tell if you can jump down from a floor to a ceiling - only by dying. a failed attempt to honor Ninja Gaiden....which far surpasses this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,214560,34430415,Posted: 22 August,all,PyramidHeadcrab,"Mark of the Ninja is probably a good game. But the controller controls are trash. They literally do not work. The game prompts me to ""Press B to Hide"" and I press B... The ninja jumps. I press A... The ninja also jumps. I tried reinstalling, I tried other games to see if my controller was borked (it wasn't), nothing I could think of solved this issue. That this game has been out for half a decade and this still hasn't been fixed? That's enough to give it a down vote. Sorry guys, you need to fix your controller compatibility."
76561198036164392,Not Recommended,214560,18637953,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,gunmetal-pink,"I spent about the first three quarters of the game having fun, followed by the remaining quarter of pure tedium. The difficulty ramps up artificially, with various extra capacity of guards expanded without explaining the changes in system through narrative or other means. The trope of ""save the character, he's useful, then he dies"" is used, as is the stripping away of your abilities for no reason that is gone into. You lose your weapons without that being shown. The plot is beneath me to explain. The guards walk into traps on their own in areas they're guarding and should therefore know about. The guard AI can be broken if a stationary guard (like a sniper) is knocked from their perch. Multiple actions on the controller are assigned to the same buttons, resulting in punching the air when a stealth kill is indicated to trigger via on-screen prompts. The grapple will fire at the locations other than the one aimed at, resulting in being seen by guards or dealing with traps. The slowdown in certain areas of overlapping visual effects (with visual effects switched to lowest settings) is unacceptable, suggesting a lack of testing before release of the game. The visual style is fine for the characters, but the scenery does not convey whether a surface is a wall than can be climbed or a ceiling that can be hung from. Some of the abilities - those around character speed and the amount of noise they make while running - do nothing. The game seems an aweful like an inferior Batman: Arkham Asylum, from the method of kills (like dangling boddies, for instance) to terrifying guards, to halucination sequences, to the pointless, unavoidable walking from the beginning of Arkham Asylum that occurs at least three times in this game (I only remember the one time in Arkham Asylum). One of the many things that can be said for Arkham Asylum here was, as well as proper level design and a working plot (and fun and proper AI), Arkham Asylum didn't have a bit where you dodged endless ♥♥♥♥ing subway trains.This is a tedius, poorly written, questionably-tested, badly controlling, intentionally unfair mess.AVOID."
76561198258781868,Not Recommended,214560,19062661,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,spy_rawls,"I'm using a mac and cannot seem to find any information on using a dualshock 4 controller with this game. It works only in part. It's one of the most common controllers in the world and one of the easiest to connect to a mac. IMO, it should be compatable right out of the box."
76561198101938835,Not Recommended,214560,17225180,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,uygunes,"i have to say i literally like the stealth, strategy games and after reading comments i said i should give this guy a try as the reviews are very promising. But for me, after a while it became completely irritating as i had to deal with sensitive mouse clicks, jumping sequences and as i am not able to save after doing something, i had to try try try and try and yeah now i no longer want to play this game.The biggest problem for me is, you know, a soldier/guard/cop whatever you call them, as soon as you sneak behind them and the stealth kill/mouse click icon appears, but if you happen to be not too close to the target, our ninja instead of getting the kill, he starts doing some ninja things like kicking, fisting etc. and you get detected. So anyways, if you think you have more precision skills, go ahead and play."
76561197999255371,Not Recommended,214560,22991311,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,4ct12,VERY frustrating controlsA waste of money
,Not Recommended,214560,20568596,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ls612,"This game features bad controls, terrible checkpoint design, and many puzzles look like they have multiple solutions when in reality there is only one which will work (and you have to figure it out by trial and error and dying repeatedly)."
,Not Recommended,214560,16639361,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,randsm5,"Very fun at first.  Really enjoyed steath kills, even though it's repetitive.  But toward the end there are just too many trial and error moments, like instant death traps and enemies positioned just outside of the view range.   Too many puzzles and too little stealth.  The problems are made worse by the horrible checkpoint save system.Still it was fun while it lasted (only a few hours).  Got it on sale so it's good, but can't recommend this game at regular price."
76561198073991826,Not Recommended,214560,17930748,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,P1rk1,"Ok, don´t get me wrong some people like it but I don´t beacause it´s after like 4 hours in the story it starts to get repetetive and i dont really like that :("
,Not Recommended,214560,20232348,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,FUCK YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH,"I bet it's fun, once you learn how to not constantly make sick flippedy-floopedies all over the place."
,Not Recommended,214560,23921255,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,JonasBadAss,"Play with a controller! You must play with a controller, all of the tutorials are just showing the buttos to press on a controller.. This made it so hard to play that every kill I got was loud and bad."
76561198219445725,Not Recommended,214560,24136636,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TEARS DR0P,"1/10SOMETIMESWHEN I GET NOTICED, THE ARARM RINGSSO I RESTART AT A CHECKPOINT TO NOT BE NOTICEDBUT THE GAME SPAWN ME ANEWIN A NEARBY AREA WHICH IS THE ALARM TURNS RED STILLWHAT CAN I DO ? SO THE ONLY WAY IS RESTART TO PLAY A WHOLE LEVEL AGN ?DEV SHUDVE FIXED THE GAME ALGORITHM"
,Not Recommended,214560,20242276,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,juice,"Good concept, poorly designed."
76561198045497234,Not Recommended,214560,13675613,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,tore_sa,"I suggest skipping this game.Upgraded techniques don't work if you reset the level after buying them (I suspect this is a bug), several other techniques/game rules are inconsistent, for example you will often find yourself detected by enemies, thinking ""what? that didn't make sense?"", or expecting to be able to make a move, but can't because ""something the game didn't tell you"".This game is frustrating and annoying (not in the good way that you often find in roguelikes, where the game is actually difficult. In this case the inconsistency of the gamerules makes it frustrating)The only explanation I see for the high score is that people must have rated after playing only the first two levels or so...Very disappointed in this game."
,Not Recommended,214560,15101640,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,herndon720,It seems like it might be a cool game but until they can fix it where it shows keyboard controls instead of Xbox controls I really dont feel like playing a game that is just an xbox copy. Maybe I'm not doing something right because everytime I walk up to someone it says press X or B and I can't do anything because I dont feal like learning the controls by studying the grid. Convert controls to keyboard so it's not all in xbox controls and I'll change my upvote. I'm suprised nobody complained about this same problem
,Not Recommended,214560,14014211,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SeriousBug,"Checkpoints are unreliable and buggy. Some objects/guards revert to their saved positions when the checkpoint is loaded, while some of them don't. Also reloading the checkpoint might move you to somewhere you haven't even been yet. Makes the game unplayable, at least for me.Also at least on Linux, the game captures all keyboard control, which makes me unable to use any keyboard shortcuts I normally use to switch between workspaces, change sound level etc."
,Not Recommended,214560,21076561,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,한지호,한글패치 되면 좋았을텐데
,Not Recommended,214560,33739542,Posted: 23 July,all,Christina,"I tried to like this game, people talk wonders about it, but I honestly find it boring and rather play games like splinter cell. besides the art and cutscenes are little bit boring too."
76561198007685072,Not Recommended,214560,21410844,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,furznichrum,"A poor man's Arkham Asylum. Not more, not less.GFX and animations are not that great, prince of persia already had more exciting animations 20 years ago.Too short game."
76561198162823053,Not Recommended,214560,19046397,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Good Puddin,"im getting this bug, the camera wont focus on my character. help"
76561198152652411,Not Recommended,214560,21895162,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,latoso2007,its does not play in my conputer windows 10
76561197995727276,Not Recommended,214560,23317001,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nonn,borring as hell
76561198156823600,Not Recommended,214560,22309529,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Funboat,"Don't know what I missed here, but this game sucked. Like, really sucked. I played it a while after it came out, but this game is not the stealth adventure everyone is raving on about"
,Not Recommended,214560,20795225,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Sinque Productions,"This game truly exells in almost all sections. I have seen no ninja game even come close to it, but it comes at a price: $15. I beat the game in about 10 hours, and I can say there need to be WAY more levels. Or a workshop. It isn't worth the price unless you get it during a sale. In addition, the controls relating the space key are really finicky. For example, when you press s+space to go down through a vent, sometimes you just jump instead.Other than that, exellent game."
,Not Recommended,214560,19102380,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,rippykins,"Terrible checkpoints make game nearly unplayable.I was having a lot of fun with this game, till the last few missions, when I'd get checkpoints surrounded by enemies. Unable to even MOVE, I'd be fored to restart the entire mission from the very beginning. Who even allows a checkpoint to happen in the middle of combat? Ever hear of sending the player back a checkpoint after they die TWENTY TIMES from getting a checkpoint when surrounded by 5 enemies? Absolutely terrible late-game design on this one. Half the game is good, but I cannot even finish it!"
,Not Recommended,214560,11767242,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Jerry Sienfeld,Pretty repetetive
76561198037336600,Not Recommended,214560,18937437,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,"This game is way more of a puzzle game than a stealth game. It basically makes it impossible to kill anyone, stealth kills are quicktime events. It gives you points for not killing people. Half the game is figuring out how to disable lights and stuff so the guards don't see you. If you changed the graphics and the setting this would hands down be a puzzle game. 115$ for this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ There isnt anything particularly original, and the story is pretty bland.Pros- Art Style?- A stealth game that forces you to use stealth in a 2d environment filled with convienent air ducts- You can hide behind plantsCons- Nothing original- Point system- Extremely Linear- Really boring story- Quicktime events for pretty much all combat and stealth kills- Half the game is puzzles"
,Not Recommended,214560,16200353,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Zyklon-B,not bad but this game make me bored
,Not Recommended,214560,14056627,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,jaiMiE,"I finished it because I had bought it.  Was more of a task than fun.I don't know what was missing, I felt it was pretty boring.... concept is nice though."
,Not Recommended,214560,32861625,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus Lives,I just find it boring
,Not Recommended,214560,21512618,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Lt. Don Draper,"Mark of the Ninja is a rather average stealth 2D platformer with puzzle elements. It's okay. The story makes me laugh (because of how bad it can be) because of its Ninjas vs. Mercs story. Really, it makes it act like Ninjas are some honorable cult from ancient times.Watch 10 minutes of gameplay and you'll see what the entire game will be like. It's not a bad game at all, but I can't see myself ever buying this game on sale."
76561197960329999,Not Recommended,214560,16634424,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,KaR0X.pD,.
76561198088806672,Not Recommended,214560,20126315,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,^ ^4👌GodofAllMadness,Near unusable PC controlls
,Not Recommended,214560,17263184,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,"dare,",this game got rave reviews and i just did not like it at allthen again im not into platformers.
76561198157137722,Not Recommended,214560,20267420,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,KingUrameshi,I can't seem to like this game as the gameplay is too slow and plays more like a puzzle game instead of an action game. Coming from Tenchu the gameplay here is way too slow where it takes menu prompted button press in order to execute killing blows along with a damn mini game each time you kill someone. The point of assassinations is to kill quickly and efficintly not to increase some stupid score. The developers could have givin you some other ways of getting kills like using the environment or hanging gaurds from posts with wire or something instead of just the blade all the time. Huge dissapointment.
76561198058842319,Not Recommended,214560,9381728,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,KoStud,"I don't understand all the hype about this game.  Its an ok game.  That's it, nothing speacial.  The ai seems ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to me, the graphics are ugly.  If you want an indie game go with Spelunky or Hotline Miami.  I dont approve this game.  Don't get me wrong, it's a stealth game.  If you want a stealth game get this g ame, but that's all this is.  Nothing special."
,Not Recommended,214560,9145387,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Snowball,"Thank God I bought this during a Steam sale; I'm so mad at myself for wasting money on this garbageI want to punch myself in the balls. While this game is fantastic in concept (think about a 2D version of Metal Gear Solid), and the stealth aspect well-executed, the game is utterly ruined by its terrible combat controls.There are two main objectives in this game: sneaking and killing. In a game where half the point is to kill people, there is no point in having melee combat if it doesn't help achieve this goal. Worse still, you cannot switch between melee and weapons combat. Hell, when it gives you the option to kill, it makes you swipe your mouse in an arbitrary direction in order to maintain stealth while you do so. WHY? WHAT'S THE POINT? And why did not not occur to the devs that ninjas are able to kill with their bare hands?I would have given this game a 1, but it's so bad I'm never playing it again."
,Not Recommended,214560,14148081,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ohyou,Couldn't continue playing because my eyes hurt from the blur.The game is really amazing though.Except for the blur.
76561197969705328,Not Recommended,214560,15842719,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,最冷,pointless
,Not Recommended,214560,29738313,Posted: 6 February,all,Hypnoncatrice,"Like MGSV, except without all the cool wacky stuff to do.Also its not open world."
,Not Recommended,214560,7394654,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Zeor,"I think I'm the only one I know who played this and wasn't a big fan. I mean it's not bad. All the stealth mechanics work pretty well and can be fairly rewarding, in that Arkham Asylum way where the last guy to disappear is kind of bricking himself and firing his gun at ghosts. I'm not sure what I didn't like so much. Something about its overall feel. I wasn't a big fan of its art style, which seems to try to emulate Genndy Tartakovsky using mostly motion tween. I didn't like the really hokey attempts at doing Asian things like those godawful haikus. I thought the upgrades system was a bit dumb and not handled very well in general. Most of all, I hate how this is a game where you have to really take your time and carefully pick your targets, but meanwhile Female the Ninja is nipping at your heels telling you to hurry up every three minutes. They flavor the whole thing with a completely out-of-place sense of urgency. It bugs me. But yeah, like I said, I'm the only one bothered by these things, apparently, and the core game does hold up pretty well."
,Not Recommended,214560,11825067,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,RonynCato (ಠ_ಠ),"This is another example of a stealth game where the question of whether or not the fundamental mechanics actually function is at the arbitrary mercy of chance. I swear, have the time I felt like I was suffering through a 2D version of Assassin's Creed levels of touch-and-go controls. When I press the jump button and down on the stick, will I drop below the floor grating or right back up into the sight of the patroling guards? Gee, I don't know; let's flip a coin. I don't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,214560,9619686,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Mustang McCloud,a little bit on the boring side
76561197994338086,Not Recommended,214560,13158827,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,caussat,"in the end i can't recommend mark of the ninja: i've found it blighted by that exceedingly ""automatic"" approach of modern gaming which i thought was reserved for triple-a games.part of the problem is that although you have a vast array of ""approach options"", everything appears to be predetermined, guided, like there's never a genuine sense of discovery but instead a compliance to a not so hidden archi-design canvas: you press an action button having chosed a viable item\weapon and the obstacle dissolves. cleanse and repeat.i don't know well how to call it, but it's not like deus ex (the first) where your disorientation and difficulty in general lead to great failures and achievements; here the options never lead to nuances of comprehension of the tools at your disposal; here you learn how to pass that passage, victories never cumulates, they just pile up to a blandly linear conquering of the end of the stage."
,Not Recommended,214560,10142351,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Verd254,"The Good:Various unlockables that fundamentally change the way you play the game. Good art direction. Transparent stealth mechanics and AI allows the player to judge the situation perfectly, making every fault feel their own.The Bad:Lack of punishment promotes rapid trial and error gameplay. If the player does not care about being detected it's viable to run past many enemies with no punishment. Even if you were to die or get spotted the game restarts you only seconds away should you so choose.Verdict:Despite solid core mechanics and ambitious design decisions that attempt to flip the genre on its head, Mark of the Ninja feels fundamentally flawed as a stealth game. It's an unfulfilling experience I can't recommend to anyone, because it's not punishing enough for stealth fans and the mechanics aren't built for action game fans."
,Not Recommended,214560,8515710,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TheFreepie,There are a bunch of random checkpoints that ♥♥♥♥ you over.I just had to restart the final mission twice because it spawned me right in front of guards in rooms I didn't even recognize. Seriously disappointing because the rest of the game is great but I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,214560,8869528,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Rukumouru,"At first I loved it, now it is boring as sin and I can't even finish it. I deeply regret forking out 15 euros for this game. Pick it up during heavy discount or skip it altogether. There are much better stealth games out there, this one feels like an amalgam of miniature puzzles more than an actual stealth game.Go with Metal Gear Solid V for your PC stealth fix."
76561197971734250,Not Recommended,214560,12066435,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,DeadGoat,"I don't like Mark of the Ninja. I've played it, nearly beaten it, but the fact of the matter is it doesn't keep me wanting more. I'm now playing it just to beat it, get closure, and move on. The game is all about either patience or trial-and-error (which isn't surprising in a stealth game). You've got a lot of moves and gadgets you can buy, but it gets repetitive, even with all the ways to kill your foes. You either kill the guard in the next area or you sneak past him. Lather, rinse, repeat."
76561197985704187,Not Recommended,214560,10064507,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,BOTCHED SAVES
,Not Recommended,214560,9640777,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,whythemy,"There were a lot of good ideas and good mechanics here, but the levels began to get repetitive and bland very quickly. After the first two stages, I just started going through the motions until the end. The story is the weakest part and the final encounter is an extreme let down. Overall, boring."
,Not Recommended,214560,8601534,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CrabMan,"Tried to play it on Debian Jessie GNU Linux.1. My Logitech Cordless Rumblepad 2 gamepad wasn't detected properly so some of its buttons were detected as other buttons while some other buttons weren't detected at all. Also the game didn't give any possibility to change those.2. Alt+tab during the game is only possible if I open steam overlay but after doing the game becomes windowed instead of fullscreen and there's no way to fix that without restarting the game.3. So I started playing with keyboard + mouse. The controls seem to be made for gamepad very much, also I don't know what I was doing wrong but I haven't found a way to do ""stealthy kills"" with keyboard + mouse. I pressed the needed direction key on wasd and assassinate key but it just didn't work - even in tutorial-like thing which teaches you that."
,Not Recommended,214560,14139561,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Salaja,"very average game.every level feels the same, and this is made worse by the inability to save the game, forcing you to play bits over and over again, just because there is 1 hard part near the end. i would have liked to be able to skip the 5min of boring repeditive stuff once it's been done once, but you can't."
,Not Recommended,214560,9404698,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Placeholder,"I couldn't get into this game, the art is fantastic and gameplay works really well, but after a few levels I started getting bored and I just finished it for the sake of the ending. Gameplay gets painfully repetitive and doesn't offer enough variety to keep things going.Tedious."
,Not Recommended,214560,746529,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Apathy,"If the Batman Arkam games had a baby with the Tenchu games in a world of 2D Sidescrolling stealth action it would be Mark of The Ninja. Jees that title is boring to say...Anyways. Of course. your a ninja. Marked with empowering tattoos (that don't really benefit you at all.....) Set to avenge your Clan that was attacked by a mercanry group called The Hessians.You'll hide in the dark. Use distractions like shattering lights with Shurikans (or Bamboo darts), drop down on enemies to assassinate them. A decent ammount of gear like Smoke bombs, Caltrops, Darts, Grappling hook, Spiked Mines, even bugs that eat people.Climb walls, rooftops, thru vent shafts. Hide behind statues, in dumpters, in doorways, under walkways. Bonus points for killing your enemies with one stroke. Dangle from lights and hang them with grappling hooks to terrify other enemies that inspect the area.Avoid dogs that sniff you out, lasers that trigger turrets, other lasers that will strait up turn you into red mist. Of course your bumbling guards with flashlights and rifles.Its all fine and dandy. but no where near as fun as Batman Arkam Asylym/City where you drew satisfaction of picking off enemies one by one and systemattically terrifying the rest. It becomes repeatitive. Even tedious at points. The story moves at a snails pace. The unlocks take a while to be worth it and a lot of them feel like they do the same things.You can only carry a very limited ammount of tools - which is very contrary to the historical accuracy of Ninja. Who would carry so many damn sharp and pointy objects, distractions and stuff to trip up and discombobulate their enemies its not even funny. But in MoTN you feel very naked. Especially against guards with Rifles, shields, nightvision, gas masks, dogs, etc.... You'll feel only moderately dangerous when you able to get the drop on 2 enemies at a time. But even still you have to plan every attack.You can unlock other outfits with bonuses to some aspects - but this will leave you infuriated by the fact you'll have to sacrifice something else. Cool i can carry a Smoke bomb and a Noisecracker... but i can't use my sword at all.. WTF... no Ninja would do this!!!! I get they are trying to keep it balanced but they took such a lazy and overcompensating approach you'll never want to switch from the default Ninja outfit... which is a shame because the other outfits look badass. Sporting different demon masks, and even reducing the ammount of noise you make.Which brings me to another point. Your the LOUDEST !@#$ing Ninja on the face of the planet... sprinting trips a noise effect which every guard can hear on screen. Moving from vents and doorways can trip sounds that cause the guards to blast you with a flashlight and unleash a torrent of bullets your way.The visuals are great for a 2D game. The details and colors are great. The sounds are okay as well. Honestly. if your into the Ninja thing it might be for you. But don't expect too much. Your mostly resolved to your sword and very few gadgets to get you by. Theres lots to explore. Once the unlocks finally come rolling in you'll quickly have all you need. For me it was the Smoke Bomb and Spike Mine.. everything else i unlocked was inferior to beating the game. Which in turn makes you feel like ""what useless item will i unlock next?""I still haven't finished it cause im tired of the story crawling slower than the Freiza Saga of Dragonball Z thru levels that either repeat or are annoyingly difficult.Get it on sale if you must. Don't believe the hype and reviews. Unless you just REALLY into Ninjas.....Edit: I see many people don't agree with with me. I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game still sucks."
76561198007420544,Not Recommended,214560,10284670,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,orge121,Much better if you use a controller. It does not fell much like playing as a ninja with a mouse and keyboard.
,Not Recommended,214560,8557382,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,whatever dude,it's as short as an asian's di-- wait a minute..
76561198081999710,Not Recommended,214560,8616316,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,AdanBPM,One of the worse games on steam by far!
76561198028615865,Not Recommended,214560,18650892,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's bad
,Not Recommended,214560,13866827,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cтарый мастер,"Not really suggest for this game, get it when discount but get bored when early"
76561198025601433,Not Recommended,214560,12129885,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Robin,Resolutions working correctly under Macbook Pro Retina.
76561198110308956,Not Recommended,214560,9210615,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Demon Assassin,"the reason is it's boring. it's the same boring things all over the game- go kill this guy, take this♥♥♥♥♥♥.. boring puzzles and missions. in one word-tedious. it's playable in the first hours. but than, it's getting annoying. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,214560,11596929,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,undeadbobop♫Faint♫,"It is terrible completely broken, forcing 360 gamepad on you and the little keyboard events they have don't function during scripted events such as your first assination. It litterally leaves you stuck there for ever. You can slam on every key on your keyboard, change the controls in the options, it won't save you from these game breaking glitches till you cough up the money for a 360 XInput gamepad."
,Not Recommended,214560,465308,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"So you're a mythical-strength ninja; The plot is literally about you flipping out and killing things, and that's about it. Gameplay revolves around quickloading everytime you are spotted and mouse gestures for silent kills. Graphics are poorly upscaled, soundtrack is your stereotypical ""oriental"" themed ""*gong* WOOOOOOOOOOOOO"" stuff, and the sound effects are pulled from a stock library. Many bugs ruin the experience ranging from small things like guards being blind to you standing right in front of them to gamebreaking bugs such as getting stuck on a wall or in a vent. An unlock system lets you kill from different angles and gives you some new tools but it doesn't really change the core gameplay of ""kill silently and without being seen"". I love slowly stalking through stealth games but this one is ruined by too many checkpoints, an overabundance of bugs, balancing issues (one outfit & one weapon are clearly the best at what they do), and everything else mentioned above. Running at around 10-12 hours, this is a flash game better left to XBLA."
76561198074641727,Not Recommended,214560,13128116,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Mistborn,I found it boring - it really just felt like a flash game.
,Not Recommended,214560,8804560,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DiGiTaL CLeaNeR,If you like 2D side view ninja mario brother type games you would like this. I could only handle a few hours and never played it again.
76561197974845556,Not Recommended,214560,8757223,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,h3lldr0p,"This game is close to being good that it hurts to see it come up short.There is much to be praised about it. The artwork is wonderful, the music and sound design are tight. The plotting is decent enough for it be fun without overwhelming.But what does it in is the gameplay. Too much is asked from the player. If you aren't perfect at ever single turn, then the game outright punishes you through the scoring mechanism. And without perfect scores you can not access the upgrades needed to finish the game. In short, if you don't want to endlessly repeat the levels until you get exactly what the designers thought was the best path. Don't get this game. It's not worth the time and frustration trying to divine through remote telepathy what you should do."
,Not Recommended,214560,30093566,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561198112056681,Not Recommended,214560,18650781,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,einsampibroch278,"Imagine all the controlled gameplay you see in the trailer, but at one-third the speed, and choppy framerate. Not sure how, but the framerate dropped to $#*t per second on even my i7 graphics card, and trying to reduce resolution and screen size to reduce lag only made it blurry $#*t. I know it's the game itself 'cos the menus functioned properly and the animated cutscenes played like a dream. I can only imagine how developed the story was it all looked so promising, but now it's all out of my system I have no patience for an unresponsive game on even a dedicated gaming pc. Everybody must be moving through life at a snail's pace to not mind how slow it all is (thus giving positive reviews). 0.008/10, will NEVER support this developer again, however small this issue may be it is unacceptable it exists."
76561198113059527,Not Recommended,214560,18023408,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,PlyingLotus4547,Not Fun
,Not Recommended,214560,11148548,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,chimera201,"I could have called this a great game if it was released in the 90s. In 2012 on the PC platform, I just can't. Maybe a great game for the mobile platform.Likes:- Great gameplay and level design.- Variety.Dislikes:- Story and atmosphere are average.- Music and sound effects are average.- Doing a stealth kill requires you to do a directional swipe across the screen which is not intuitive with the mouse. Certainly not designed for the keyboard and mouse.- I could have called this a great game if it was released in the 90s. In 2012 on the PC platform, I just can't. Maybe a great game for the mobile platform. The game is completely designed for a touch device. The developers probably released it on the PC platform for two reasons: 1) They couldn't optimize the game for the mobile platform 2) The competition for such kind of games on the mobile platform is too high compared to the PC platform. They probably wouldn't have made sales on the mobile platform. Don't get me wrong. I like 2D games like Limbo. But Limbo was definitely worth playing on PC. This game can be played on a mobile without missing all the features the game has to offer. And the stealth mechanics in this game is 'properly' done and not anything 'legendary' as others say.Verdict : 73/100A great mobile game."
,Not Recommended,214560,13923379,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,m0s,"This game is awesome. A stealth platform puzzler where you play with a deadly ninja that acquires more powers the more the story unfolds. Story is excellent as well. Voice acting is also good. Gameplay is fluid and nice. Graphics are decent, animations are very good.Unfortunately, I cannot recommend a game where you can't rebind them damn buttons, specially when you use so many of them. And even if you play with keyboard, it will still show you XBoX controller buttons in hints. Seriously? This just makes learning how to play an oddisey. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together devs."
76561197976186394,Not Recommended,214560,17011908,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Bald jones,i bought it played it and never started it again
,Not Recommended,214560,11921667,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Jive Soul Bone,"2-D platformers should not require you to move around with the analog stick! I mean, that's just obvious, isn't it? But in Mark of the Ninja (and come to think of it, Shank 2), you're encouraged to move around with the analog stick because that's also the aiming mechanism and you literally cannot hit targets using only the directional pad! So you're left with two solutions: either cumbersomely switch from analog to directional as necessary, or have your character twitch around looking up or down when all you want is to go forwards.If this ends up being a design gimmick from Klei entertainment, then the only thing I can recommend is that they go back to game design school because moving around the stages is a chore on analog. NO, KEYBOARD CONTROL FOR 2-D PLATFORMERS IS AN EVEN WORSE IDEA."
76561198050162710,Not Recommended,214560,15117966,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Madpack,I wouldn't reccomend that you buy this game
,Not Recommended,214560,8074637,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Gigadeath,"A decent stealth platformer, but there are better ones out there."
76561198024063417,Not Recommended,214560,7780230,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nkwizitr,"it's fun and all, but meh...obvious shinobi fan-service"
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,214560,12324899,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,"no hook, I lost interest after 2 mins"
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,214560,15215745,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Westenra,"I can think of nothing more boring than a 2d stealth game, and Mark of the Ninja doesn't disappoint. You have to sneak around and are penalized if you get caught. It's tedious. Ninjas aren't real, and they certainly aren't cool unless you're 12. And what's up with the cartoony graphics? Did the guys from Penny Arcade animate this game or something? Feels like playing through an E-surance commercial."
76561198008360743,Not Recommended,214560,25827786,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,rive7,"It could have been a marvelous game if the controller support didn't suck this much.The game seems to only support the f***ing XBox controller. Regardless of how I've configured my Steam controller the game didn't want to work with it and scrambled the buttons around. Oh of course you can also play it with Keyboard and Mouse... but that also terribly sucks...So if you're planning to play it with any other controller than XBox, save your hair and money and do not buy!"
76561198048225016,Not Recommended,214560,28862373,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,vema34,"Don't works with ps4 controller.You can´t play the game with the ps4 controller because the camera go up, and makes impossible play."
,Not Recommended,214560,7319244,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Burakku Jakku,this is the kind of game that literally makes you dumb(er)
,Not Recommended,214560,12378511,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Stalker,.
76561198086901121,Not Recommended,214560,31236642,Posted: 19 April,all,siKKesT^,I make it short. This game is completely overrated.
,Not Recommended,214560,33952028,Posted: 1 August,all,unemployed black astronaut,I once knew a guy who played nothing but this game and he was Asian and gay.
,Recommended,214560,15286571,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Butcher of Blaviken,"If you are looking for a game with a pure stealth experience, Mark of the Ninja is the way to go. Best Ninja Game. Period."
,Recommended,214560,19183327,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,mylifeisajoke,Good Game. Very addictive.
76561198034337548,Recommended,214560,4240061,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Computer Box,"3/10.  No mention of Garfield, but slightly reminiscent of the 80's."
76561198073999488,Recommended,214560,19182834,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,UFCchamps,very good game !!!!!!
76561198132524793,Recommended,214560,19174861,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,[RKNi] ~SMEEF~,"This game is fantastic with solid anmation, great gameplay and a good story plot this game is worth it's price and deserves to be played more. the game heavily relies on stealth so if your not good at stealth games I can only wish you good luck."
76561198121299257,Recommended,214560,19169819,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Duperre46,"This game has a problem. It's too easy. And that's about the only negative thing I can say about it. It's an engaging experience, intellectual challenge, and an all around fun game. I've just completed the main game and am working on PLUS mode currently. I've already gotten the DLC and have all the items and costumes in the game. I'm missing about 5 achievements, but they're pretty easy to get so this game is easily completable, which is good and bad.This game has just the right amount of pacing. There were few times where I felt like the level was going on forever, however I was never upset by it. The only reason I felt like that was because I was focusing on completion (which required me to backtrack a lot when I missed something) but that's my own personal battle right there, haha.There is a legitimate concern that bugged me; there are a number of bugs. For instance, I remember jumping off a high building and finding a missing texture. There were a number of times I would die or restart at checkpoint and the game would put me right into a conflict (inescapable btw). This one time I had to run to another checkpoint while the guard was chasing me and respawn just so I could keep my ghost in tact, and after I did so, a door which should have been opened already glitched closed forever. Had to reset the level (UGH). This other time I jumped down a pit and fell straight through the ground into a vent system (which made me miss a scroll). This wasn't so bad because the game's checkpoints are fanominal. Respawning brought me right back to where I jumped from.If there's one thing I can say though, it's that this game is awesome. It may seem like I'm being negative, but really I'm not. This game is loads of fun and the issues I've experienced are just the result of me screwing around with the game. This is a must play for everyone.10/10"
,Recommended,214560,7224034,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,[]slipstream[],"Now this is a REAL stealth game. The animation, colors, darkness, and stealth aspect of this game makes it a winner! Give it a shot - you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,214560,19164972,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Henleys,
,Recommended,214560,6229926,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,ShivaNata,This is an absolutely superb stealth game and for $15 you can't go wrong!
,Recommended,214560,1741355,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,plosnati,"Slick, fast-paced and stealthy. It's great!"
,Recommended,214560,2380127,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Baron Bukkake,"So much fun. Due to the nature of the level desgin as well as the equipment you decide to take into a level, there genuinely are many ways to approach each and every scenario. The storyline is interesting enough to keep you going and it's new game+ feature adds another whole layer challenge."
76561198022496082,Recommended,214560,10595676,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Buzzed Blazed Yeer,Fun
76561198067565386,Recommended,214560,10596469,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Capatillar,"Never really been a fan of 2D side-scrollers, but the stealth in this game is so crisp that it makes it incredibly fun."
,Recommended,214560,10602349,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Neromasti,"Mark of the Ninja is a pretty awesome stealth game. You can play it like a monster and kill everyone who you see or you try to be like a spy. It's very funny :D ( I pref the ""Spy-Version"")"
,Recommended,214560,10597223,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DJ Lobster,"I've always been a fan of stealth games, gameplay, and characters, so when I read about Mark of the Ninja I had to give it a shot.  The gameplay and cutscenes look like a cartoon and look fantastic.  It reminded me a lot of Samurai Jack.  The sounds and voice acting are pretty good, and the music fits the game perfectly.The gameplay is focused around stealth but there are a lot of different ways to play.  You can complete levels by not killing anyone, you can kill everyone without anyone ever seeing you or knowing you were there, or you can just speed through a level mowing down whoever gets in your way.  There's a lot of replayability with different ninja costumes that change gameplay and give you different abilities, and a loadout screen before levels where you can change what distraction items and gadgets you want to use.The story revolves around your character who goes on a mission after your clan, the Hisomu, are attacked by a mercenary group.  It's based in modern times (maybe a bit in the future).  What makes you special is when you take on the mission, you bear 'the mark' which is a tattoo consisting of special ink which grant you abilities and skills to take on the group.Overall it's a great game, and I really recommend it to anyone who likes stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,1955180,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,snugglor,"This game is fun and challenging, harking back to the old 16-bit Shinobi days but with emphasis on stealth. You can play in your own style - stealthy and undetected, or by taking down enemy soldiers. The visuals are very nice and the story fits really well. Definitely worth a play."
,Recommended,214560,10556479,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Teslalyte,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played, beautiful in every way. If you even remotely like Ninjas (and who in their right mind doesn't at least appreciate them a little?), then you MUST play this game."
,Recommended,214560,10632771,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Yaridovich23,"Probably the best Ninja game out there, it really needs a sequel."
,Recommended,214560,10637797,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,leonluisgj,"Very exiting game, excelent stealth mechanics, I'm looking forward to the new game plus."
,Recommended,214560,10640981,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mondayRain(),"Klei Entertainment really outdid themselves with this one. I played Dishonoured - another stealth-based game - not long before this, and although Klei is ""just"" a small indie studio from Vancouver, I have to say I enjoyed Mark of the Ninja just as much if not more than I enjoyed the triple-A title. The unique 2D view, the humorous ways to kill (I got somewhat addicted to terrifying guards off ledges), and endless permutation of ways to mix up ninja tools/suits offers tonnes of replay value. The game's aesthetics are nice and the plot isn't absolutely terrible, but Mark of the Ninja really has some shining gameplay.TL;DR: If the game is on sale, get it. If it's not, still get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,214560,3005868,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,WSS,Totally one of the best stealth games and platformers I ever played.Worth evey $....... Great gameplay fun and lots of cute little puzzles to solve! ;)
,Recommended,214560,10772675,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Professor Scrublord,Stealth at it's finest! Mark of the Ninja is a must own for fans of games like Metal Gear and Splinter Cell.
76561198006337157,Recommended,214560,10777129,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Castiele,I loved playing this game.  This is what it should feel like to be a ninja.  Lots of stealth kills and cool attacks.  The shadow mechanic is really cool.
76561198053078672,Recommended,214560,10778856,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,augusto.a.correia,"Jogo muito bom! Bastante desafiador, e mandatorio jogar no controle. Quem gosta de stealth, vai gostar."
,Recommended,214560,10729273,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shorins,Threw someone off of a ledge counted as a leap of faith 10/10
,Recommended,214560,6820094,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,AzulAbbaddon,What's not cool about being a Ninja...Ninjas are badass. So be a badass and play this game!
,Recommended,214560,2783478,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,9.81,Incredible amount of combinations to complete the game.
,Recommended,214560,10682922,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Vecion,Really get into the steath MODE. One of the Better Ninja games.
,Recommended,214560,7303481,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,kleinepanzer,"Really great stealth game, a lot of nifty mechanics which encourage player to try different playstyles."
,Recommended,214560,10460647,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,whoag,"Ok lets get this straight. Mark of the Ninja is a cartoon indie game where you play as a FREAKING BOSS NINJA who infiltrates facilities without ever being seen. If you like splinter cell, mini ninjas, or the stealth system in Skyrim, this game is for you. It also has a interesting sight and sound system displayed on screen. I WANT YOU TO JOIN THE...wait I MEAN GET MARK OF THE NINJA."
76561198059529979,Recommended,214560,10462228,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Big Heart,"Mark of the Ninja will be the benchmark for stealth games for quite some time to come in my books. Beyond just hiding in shadows to stay out of sight, or keeping quiet so as not to be heard, in this game you can go so far as to terrify your enemies into doing work for you, as well as turn the environment on them as plenty of other games have done. Despite being presented in only two dimensions, Mark of the Ninja is probably one of the deepest, and most rewarding stealth-oriented games I've played.8/10"
,Recommended,214560,664748,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Camboias,Awesome game!
76561198094148664,Recommended,214560,7226234,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,RelentlessBoo,A fun game that combines platforming and stealth to great results
,Recommended,214560,10466616,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Strant,"One of the best games of 2012, superb stealth."
,Recommended,214560,392774,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,quad341,"Supurbly fun. Just the gameplay alone makes this worth your time, but the story isn't bad either. Also awesome controls (especially with a controller)"
,Recommended,214560,10531634,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nykryian,"Amazing game, the art is beautiful, great stealth mechanics."
76561198051044693,Recommended,214560,10531979,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Spooky Scary Socialism,"Fun and challenging. Play how you like, no lenghty waiting sequences for the perfect stealth approach. Very good stealth game; even Yahtzee says so."
76561198079606055,Recommended,214560,10538485,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,?????,Of course I would like to see a sequal to this game.  It could really evovle if different developers get involved even to remake the original in the 3D or something with advaced mechanics like revengeance or Tenchu....Wouldn't that be cool?
76561198003696946,Recommended,214560,10541045,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Succotash,Love it! You can go stealthy or murderous and terrifying. Felt fluid and looked awesome. The game ramps up nicely at the end and you have to be pretty fierce to make it.
,Recommended,214560,10541376,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TC,"A good stealth game, with - get this - cutscenes that aren't terrible. I mean, the story never advances beyond medicore, but damn. I'd watch a cartoon with cutscenes animated like this."
76561197998834877,Recommended,214560,10359687,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,idmush,"Decent game, wait for a steam sale."
76561198093045578,Recommended,214560,7733669,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,PipHoff -GER-,"If you don't have it, buy it!IT'S THAT SIMPLE!"
,Recommended,214560,10381736,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Vaish99,Hell yea one of the best stealth indie games.
76561198015879509,Recommended,214560,10382107,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mista_Majik_Moshos,"Stealthy fun times, a variety of gadets to play around with, plus costumes with unique buffs makes for huge replay value. Also you're a ninja.♥♥♥♥ing Ninjas/10"
76561198067231642,Recommended,214560,6482114,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,RuthlessCabbage,"A flawless addition to the stealth genre. While making use of the classic stealth mechanics and very similar gameplay to other iconic titles like Thief and Tenchu, it manages to come across as a brand new experience unlike any other, by proving that stealth can be done in 2D. Amazing indie game, that is definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,214560,4231470,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Major Pingu,Stealth-boggling action! Superb game :)
,Recommended,214560,1764621,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Dirty Sally,"They weren't kidding when they said 'Mark of The Ninja' was one of the best stealth games currently availiable to players around the world. Every single element of stealth, be it the noise you make, line of sight, items used to distract or kill in silence, etc, can be found in this game. And for those of you who would rather kill every chance they get, without making a sound, or to terrify your enemies by hanging them in front of one another, you'll have plenty of that as well."
,Recommended,214560,10385394,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,itsDVarin,"Honestly, I'd never heard of this game and knew nothing about it when I bought it. That said I picked it up dirt cheap in on of Steam's legendary sales so there was nothing to lose.I could not put this game down. The diversity of play was amazing. Each level can be tackled in a number of different ways, taking advantage of several different routes using a myriad of different tactics.I am personally addicted to Hunter & Nightmare style, skulking in the shadows and striking fear into the hearts of the baddies, driving them mad with fear, then ending their life by dangling them from a lamp-post in hopes that their friends will see the lifeless body hanging there and take their own life with their firearm.That said, theres plenty of satisfaction in Serenity or Silence styles, though, the Silence in places offered the greatest challenge of the game.The graphics are spot-on. Klei have really outdone themselves in making the game feel totally perfect for a stealth-platformer. I've replayed the game several times using all the unlocks and upgrades, using the different style-sets and I can't seem to get enough of it."
,Recommended,214560,10458328,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,haPPy (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━,Clasic platformer :D Love it ^^
76561198079585532,Recommended,214560,10388209,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Cletus Gar-spatio,THIS GAME IS FRICKEN AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214560,331718,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,Makoo,"One of the best stealth/ninja games ever.Quite difficult at times and unforgiving but very much fun all through.The Style is great, the mechanics are great and the gameplay is great fun.Get this if you are at all interested in stealth and murder!"
,Recommended,214560,8459175,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,GrumpyKitten,Totally worth it.
76561198046670151,Recommended,214560,8381281,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr.Frodo,Worth the money.Nice gameplay.Graphics.10/10 would buy again.
76561198072088854,Recommended,214560,8556280,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,johnbob1989,"Fun game if you like stealth, takes alot of planning."
76561198036110861,Recommended,214560,8558646,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mehh,One of the best games I have every played.
76561198030805476,Recommended,214560,8558714,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Elentar,"I've only been playing this game for a couple of hours now, but I'm certain I will be putting more time in it."
76561198024982937,Recommended,214560,8560403,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,KimSS,"Truly, one of the best stealth based game that's ever been made."
76561197970950458,Recommended,214560,8560997,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mntnbkr,It is amazing how they made a 2d ninja game that is by far the best ninja game out there!  i highly recommend this game at any asking price!
,Recommended,214560,8561842,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,jntns,Extremely cool jump-n-run-style game! I love it!
,Recommended,214560,8561957,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,CitizenEldar,Awesome stealth game
76561198064619367,Recommended,214560,8562974,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TCB Caramel,Amazingly planned and has all plus more elements a sneak game sould have. Defenately worth it. 9.5/10
76561198076836410,Recommended,214560,8564186,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,jeff,"THIS GAME IS BOSS! ALOT OF FUN TO PLAY, AND YOU HAVE TO THINK!"
,Recommended,214560,8566305,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The Eating Joke,9/10Simply because it puts MGS references in it =DThe stealth gameplay + replayability + loadout customization makes for a very satisfying game.Main story is approximately 6-8hours on normal playtime.
76561198076462992,Recommended,214560,8567154,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Stravinsky,"Curti, faz vc pensar na situaçao, e melhores meios de contorna-la"
76561198087186278,Recommended,214560,8567550,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rathguard,"Incredible.  This game sets the bar very high in terms of a tactical stealth game.  Last time I played a game where stealth actually meant hiding and avoiding combat was in Metal Gear Solid.  The new Batman games come close, but this involves a lot more thinking to get through, if you get caught you are quite likely to die, unlike in Batman where you just clobber everyone and move on."
76561198051499727,Recommended,214560,8568126,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Panoramix,"I love the graphics, nice controls and good story.Downside: single player only"
,Recommended,214560,8568186,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Volper,"Yet another game I've fallen in love with this year. Mark of the Ninja brings something fresh into the stealth game type and platformers all the same. The soundtrack is brilliant, the artwork none but amazing and the story itself is what drives you play that extra level.The level design is astonishing and very user friendly. Secrets, those being artifacts and ancient scrolls are scattered across the level and that provides me with another excuse to go treasure hunting. The way you move towards your enemies for the kill and the fact you can actually go through almost every level without shedding blood proves that this stealth game brings the assassin side to Ninjas once more besides the cliché free-running lightweight samurai.Bottom-line? Absolutely spectacular game and I'm glad I got to play it."
,Recommended,214560,8569036,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Zefiel,Great Sidscrolling action/stealth/platformer. Multiple ways to play by killing/no killing/ghosting.
,Recommended,214560,8616810,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Slayer,"So, I am on a Holiday in Dubai... with a low spec laptop I was sure that I wouldn't be able to game during my long vocation... but then I found ""Mark of The Ninja""!The game is set in a nice 2D enviroment and as a Ninja you have complete versatility and tools at your disposal. The game is all about stealth and you will find most of your time climbing, jumping, crawling through vents and sneeking up on guards or better yet, sneeking past them. Ofcourse, it's nothing compared to a Batman Arkham game or a Splinter Cell, but if you find yourself using a low spec laptop with everything in your library out of reach. this game can not only save you from boredom but emerse you as well.The true thrill, is to be a ghost... cunning and undetectable, this gives The Mark of Ninja, it's lasting appeal, all the missions have high re-play value and will accomodate any play style.You will find yourself revisting it again just to perfect the art of ninjitsu.Rate this game - B (Good)"
,Recommended,214560,3937036,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Lostprophet,"Very nice game, not too difficult, yet pretty chalenging if you go for the best stats. Smooth mechanics and great art style make of this game a reference among stealth-based games."
76561197978872642,Recommended,214560,8622906,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Chimya,"A very fun stealth based platformer.  Sneak through levels while killing guards using stealth and ninja tools!The story wasn't great, although the ending was interesting.  But that's not what we really bought this game for.  This game will make you feel like a ninja."
,Recommended,214560,8603401,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ice Cold Ice Cube,"Ever wanted to question why you live? Ever wanted to die for no reason constantly and watch your lifeless body be tossed around all over the place? Then this game is for you! Cunt♥♥♥♥ of the Ninja is a quite amazing, fun and well-polished impossible-indie-game-with-2D-graphics. Something we sadly ""NEVER"" see today. I would highly recommend you get it, if you actually hate your life and are contemplating suicide.Consider this game to be the final ""push"" you need to jump off that ledge."
76561197999850083,Recommended,214560,8605210,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Mac The Knife,"Xcellent likkle 2d game :D. id buy it, oh yeh i already have :)"
,Recommended,214560,8605533,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Foaly,"Great game, I love all the new abilities and methods of taking down enemies that the game offers. Definately worth buying. Fast to start up a quick game and progress through it for a couple minutes if you don't have too much time on your hands."
,Recommended,214560,8606495,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MovAXBX,One of the best Ninja games I've played. Can't wait for the next DLC!
76561197970803330,Recommended,214560,462983,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,A Big Brave Dog,A 2D game that does stealth a hell of a lot better than most 3D games.  Yes.
,Recommended,214560,8611977,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ascended,"Crazy awesome game!Like a mix between Techu and Metal Gear Solid!The art style is beautiful, the game is much more fun when its looks are stunning.The Logitech F310 and F510 controllers work well with xinput on Ubuntu but I found that with Win7 after approx 20-30min of game play the controller would ""Lock"" in whatever the input was at the point it locked, usually a direction, making hte game unplayable as you need to restart Steam and the Game. Because levels can take longer than this 20min period it usually means the level is unbeatable - lucky for me I play this on Ubuntu!"
76561198019282535,Recommended,214560,8612525,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Bagsandbagsofcats,Stealth. Done. Right.
,Recommended,214560,8613414,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ludicolo,This ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥en amazing. DLC was amazing too. Amazing. Wow. SO DOGE
,Recommended,214560,4698044,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Daeds,One of the best games of 2012 as well as one of the greatest stealth games to come out in years.
76561198100551650,Recommended,214560,8615042,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,McBean1231,"Absolutely AMAZING game that should be at least tried by everyone. Amazing take on the stealth genre that achieves it's purpose and then some. Finally, we get a legitimate stealth game that I know I've been waiting for for years."
,Recommended,214560,8804669,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,EricDubya,This is one of the greatest stealth action indie games I have ever played!
,Recommended,214560,8721110,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Pook85,Mark of the Ninja: Proving that even an oaf like me can be stealthy and enjoy it. Polished animation style and tight gameplay with adaptable difficulty. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,214560,1471556,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Mao,I generally don't like stealth games so it takes a pretty exceptional stealth game to get my attention. You know how Arkham Asylum does a great job making you feel like you are Batman? Well this game does a great job making you feel like some ninja in the shadows passing through all these sentries and traps. There hasn't been a sidescrolling ninja badass like this since the NES Ninja Gaiden games.
,Recommended,214560,8976602,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Elqu,"Actually one of the best indie games of all time. Good story. Love the ""cartoon"" Graphcis :)"
,Recommended,214560,8978318,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Comrade St. Nikolai,"I'm what you might call radically pirate. But I'm willing to go ninja now and then, for the right game or movie.Mark of the Ninja is the right game or movie, and then some.Mark of the Ninja steals 2D sidescrolling ninja games from the hands of the chaotic Ninja Gaiden, and deposits them with care into a world of planning and grace. You jump, you climb, you crawl, you dangle, you run up walls, you throw smoke bombs and firecrackers and blades, you hide, you seek, you lay traps, and you kill from every angle. So they've got the basics of ninjahood down.Beyond the typical stealthing past and/or murdering enemies, the gameplay changes just enough here and there to keep things from becoming too routine. In one level, you have to follow your target through a portion of the stage without being spotted. In another, you have to release gas and burn down a building to cause a distraction. In a late level, you're dodging subway trains and using light to open passageways and solve puzzles. All the while, you're evading guards and eluding dogs; ducking lasers and rolling out from behind booby-trapped pickup trucks.There are a lot of minor elements which add up to a brilliant full package. Light only passes through certain platforms when it's deliberately pointed through them, meaning that a wandering guard won't spot you standing directly beneath him unless he's already looking for you. It's possible to play through the only game without killing anyone aside from bosses (whose battles play out as stealth challenges, rather than big, one-on-one confrontations). And time pauses when you aim your equipped weapon at the world, giving you a chance to act with focused precision, rather than rushed rashness. You'll probably need it, anyways, as it can be difficult to aim at exactly what you want when there are multiple targets in that direction (with a controller, anyhow; I don't know how aiming works with a keyboard and possibly mouse).Which brings us to some of the problems I've run across. First, the game's not too difficult if you're just trying to get to the end. I recommend New Game+, which changes things a bit. In NG+, you die after one hit, and the indicators for how much noise you're personally making are gone, along with the enemy vision cones. Even more interestingly, you can mostly only see what your ninja can see. Everything else is blurred, and enemies disappear, leaving you to play more cautiously and depend on enemy sound indicators to stay alive. Unfortunately, New Game+ is, as you might imagine, only available after already completing the game once. But once it's unlocked, you won't want to go back.If you want to make your first playthrough more challenging, you can always go for score. Scaring enemies, killing enemies, distracting enemies, hiding enemies, completing objectives, etc. all give you various amounts of points, and it takes good planning and a healthy dose of luck to squeeze every last one out of a level. But this is where we come to the rest of the problems.When you shoot for a good score, various little issues which would otherwise go unnoticed begin to raise their heads. Sometimes bodies disappear when you reload checkpoints. In normal gameplay, this isn't a big deal. When it comes to score, however, every body is a potential payday. You can throw them to scare guards, hide them for points, or set off traps to prepare your convoluted plans. Reloading checkpoints in general just seems to make things slightly wonky. Everything might go right up until you make one little slip up and die, but then after you reload, nothing works the same. A guard reacts to a body with anger instead of fear. A terrorized guard wanders off in the wrong direction. Somebody shines their flashlight somewhere where they shouldn't. You can often find yourself caught up in a cycle of checkpoint reloading, and that only leads to becoming distracted from the game while repeatedly waiting for someone to reach their mark so you can proceed.My advice is: get a better score than your friends, and then leave it at that.The story is pretty decent. The male main characters have mostly lackluster voices, but the female lead and the various enemies you'll meet over the course of the game are voiced rather well. Which is good enough, since those are the voices that you'll be hearing the most. The art really shines out above it all, bringing a number of modern and classical eastern aesthetics together with skill. The animation is fluid, and helps everything flow, as attacking, sneaking, acrobatics, and everything in between have a consistent movement about them which is pleasing to the eye.Mark of the Ninja's fun. It's not so challenging as to turn away stealth rookies, but veterans of the genre should still find it fun and refreshing. I heartily recommend it to all of the above."
76561197964629889,Recommended,214560,8980390,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,A Blindman (JM),"Put it on your wishlist for the next time it goes on sale. I wasn't disappointed, but I'm a sucker for stealth."
,Recommended,214560,8982035,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,FSADjgfiugksdhbjweufyhuashfkjsdg,"Ok, I have a lot of games I really like but haven't reviewed but this game is to excelent to ignore. The story line is enjoy able and the game play is diverse(Like any good stealth game). But the things that make this game stand out is it great art style and because its the only 2D stealth game I know but probalby the best stealth game. And I forgot to mention ITS BOUT F***ING NINJAS!!"
,Recommended,214560,8902647,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,jimmyboots,"If you've played the Batman Arkham games, this is for you. If you played Metal Gear Solid, this is for you. If you like Ninjas, this is for you. It's very well made stealth gameplay, with an amazing art design. You really shouldn't pass it up."
76561198009338422,Recommended,214560,8902678,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Wease,"I wasnt a fan of stealth untill I played this - just a great game. Beutifully drawn artwork , challenging gameplay (especially doing all the challenges if you like that kind of thing) action is very tense and game really sucks you in. you may find yourself redoing sections over and over but not once does this feel like a chore simply a good challenge and a very satisfying one. 9/10"
,Recommended,214560,972185,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Blood shed,"HELL OF A GAME,It most definitely agree that this game sets a new benchmark for the stealth genre.there are some minor annoyances such as the button to open vents is the same as jump but besides that it will worth getting if you a fan of the stealth genre of games"
,Recommended,214560,1351688,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,akirashin,Best platformer ever. I really love this game.
,Recommended,214560,8902923,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,bobsamurai,"This game made me remember that I still love 2D Platformers. So Stealth, Much Replay, Very Kill, WOW!"
76561197975292455,Recommended,214560,8902994,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,MelbaToast,"Great, great game."
,Recommended,214560,8903086,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Corbinism,"I love this little stealth platformer! I had a blast playing through it, and I think I'll play a little more :D"
76561198103780637,Recommended,214560,8903355,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,zachwalt,"such a great game! so satisfying! I love this game so much! i couldnt stop playing it! it is addicting, and with each run through of the game it is always a little different! lots of places to explore, very intense and reall raises the adrenailine! great game, I suggest for everyone!"
76561198018329334,Recommended,214560,8903405,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Galexman,"Great game with a nice storyline accompaning it, although it's biggest advantage is the 2D side-scrolling gameplay that it has. Definitely worth your while."
,Recommended,214560,8903438,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[WITA] Zaltar,"Awesome and compelling story for one of the best stealth game ever made. An intriguing japanese flavored plot will be unraveled before your eyes as you'll learn the mysterious techniques of ninjitsu. Thanks to paths system, this game can be replayed pleasantly accomplishing known missions with different angles."
76561197990560717,Recommended,214560,8903880,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SpaceAnt,"One of the best games i have played in my life, simple but very well done."
76561197972429518,Recommended,214560,8904548,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Destro Jones,A good time. Not a balanced stealth I feel the ninja combat once revealed could be more in depth. I guess I am more Samurai than Ninja.
76561198011275042,Recommended,214560,8905154,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Lee,*Joga bombinha de fumaça no chão e desaparece* 8)
76561198012130710,Recommended,214560,8905243,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,dragon69_48043,"Sneak around and kill people, not much more to say about this title."
,Recommended,214560,8905259,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Arubix,More please
76561198049097685,Recommended,214560,8905286,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SneakySquid,cool story and stealth mechanic. Don't try if you aren't willing to retry a few times at certain points
,Recommended,214560,8905386,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,CatastroStan,"This is my favourite stealth game, very well designed, give it a go."
76561197971588639,Recommended,214560,8905477,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,sAntiAgo,"Klei has had some good games and from Shank, to tthe much improved Shank 2.... then Mark of the Ninja. Here they have excelled, this game is a sneak gamers dream come true. Brilliant game, there is very little to critisize, just preferences i guess such as higher resolutions would be nice :-)"
,Recommended,214560,8905494,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Facemanguy,One of the best Stealth games of all time! If you enjoy stealth in any game pick this one up right away.
,Recommended,214560,8905584,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,KuriBot,"Very addicting game. Easy to play but if you're like me, you'll go back to get all the achievements. Graphics and art style are really nice as well."
,Recommended,214560,6345726,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,SOCHI THE BEST{IZI CLIV},кульная игруха  - cool games
76561198059274789,Recommended,214560,10477335,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,fr3ak-of-n8ure,Great story. Beautiful visuals. Awesome stealth game with brutal and colorful kills. I love it.
76561198054274328,Recommended,214560,10477344,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,fer.kun,"Awesome game: multiple paths, good pacing, smooth mechanics! Excellent ninja experience!"
,Recommended,214560,4506841,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,ZedEd,"Amazing stealth game, tight controls and visuals. High replayability."
76561198060230813,Recommended,214560,10546628,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DisDamGame,Great 2D sidescroller.  Fun game that keeps you wanting to play to the end.
76561198082597262,Recommended,214560,10549917,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,69ShadowJelly,"This game is basically an easier, cheaper version of dishonored.  In my opinion it is more fun than doshonored, but other people disagree with me.  This is a great pickup as well as the dlc especially during a sale."
76561198067380227,Recommended,214560,7886006,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,***lix***,Great game !!!! my only remorse is that it did not run on linux at the time I bought it (I should have waited longer .. :)
,Recommended,214560,1426990,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,X'estrix,"Easily redefining the steath platformer genre, Mark of the Ninja is a highly satisfying game. The difficulty is just right, but will leave more hardcore players feeling unchallenged until New Game +.Speed running is definitely an addicting replay value in this game, with several brandhing paths, multiple ninja ""styles"" (Stealthy makes no noise, hunter always succeeds at stealth kills without the QTE, etc). and customizable tool sets (smoke bombs, flares, caltrobs, and more).My only criticism is that the game could be much longer, hopefully we'll get some level sets or an editor to play with. Sitting at a 5-8 hour experience depending on your familiarity with platforming or your compulsion to find every secret."
,Recommended,214560,55786,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,robjwells,A perfect 2D stealth game. Really special.
76561197976479943,Recommended,214560,719555,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,axxidentprone,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.  There is a 0% chance that you would dislike this game for any reason whatsoever.
76561198024531986,Recommended,214560,3547859,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Grajiva,Holly♥♥♥♥♥♥waffle! This game is fenomenal! why the hell i bought this 6 months ago and didnt played it already?
,Recommended,214560,7889460,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Horong,This game is what it's like to be a ninja. It's a great stealth game that really nails stealth. You can play stealthy without feeling like you're missing out on the gameplay and new game plus breathes fresh life into the game.
,Recommended,214560,7891229,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Crymson (Nerouin),"Mark of the Ninja is one of the better stealth games to come onto the market in recent memories, and it comes at a competitive price. It well justifies the excellent reviews it received upon release.Recommended."
76561198024439828,Recommended,214560,3541446,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Radiophage,Forget the fact that this is a stealth game. Forget the fact that this is a platformer. Drop every label. This game is peerless. This is a game that everyone should have in their library. It's twelve hours (minimum) of pure joy. Do not miss out.
,Recommended,214560,7891278,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,skulwarior,"This game is so much fun! Well designed and also makes you want to replay it over and over again, trying different costumes, and different approaches."
,Recommended,214560,9648541,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Nick,"Worth every dollar! The stealth is great, but sometimes nonsensical (where-in you can jump straight over the guards line of sight.). The combat is as intuitive as it needs to be for a stealth game with a simple click and swipe. The story is short, and sweet but interesting. If you want to make the game last go for a pacifist run without getting caught, and you'll make one mission last around half an hour."
,Recommended,214560,635276,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Putraman,"A fine example of the 2D stealth action with slick animations, a lovely soundtrack and a great ending. Completing NG+ without alerts and kills on default costume is a thrill only stealth afficianados can appreciate. Klei Entertainment does it again and I'd be MORE than happy to buy something similar in the future."
76561198016861286,Recommended,214560,9230662,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Malcavic,In terms of stealth I would have to say this game does an incredible job. The use of lighting an sound is top notch as well as the immense utility of the gadgets. It seems like each time you play a level you find a completely different way to tackle the same problem. I really like the art style and the overall theme of the game and can't reccomend this game highly enough!
76561198035900496,Recommended,214560,9234924,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Telaran,Excellent stealth action game!
76561198038749202,Recommended,214560,4540340,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,impartialgecko,"Mark of the Ninja does 2D stealth really well. However, you really have to be into stealth games to appreciate its design. If you're not a fan of sneaking, this isn't going to change your mind."
76561197983915759,Recommended,214560,9657483,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Orphanlast,"I would definitely say that this is an excellent game. The design, look, and feel are perfect. Every stealth game out there should look at this as their template."
76561198063722114,Recommended,214560,10028923,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,grem len,My favorite stealth game yet!
,Recommended,214560,8480983,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Knight Of Felvis,"Very fun game, i didnt think it would be so stealth heavy being 2d. but the artstyle is great. and the gameplay is really fun and intense."
,Recommended,214560,9768455,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Deem,"As far as stealth games go, Mark Of The Ninja is right up there with the best of the genre. The 2D style may seem a bit weird, and there aren't many stealth games that go for this approach, but Mark Of The Ninja nails it perfectly. Gameplay-wise, this is rock-solid. Graphically, it's amazing. It incorporates stealth in its visuals, turning you into a black silhouette with red tattoos whenever you're in the dark. You can also see the impact every distraction will have. How far a sound will reach. Like, breaking a light bulb. But, for the more seasoned player, this can be turned off. Or you simply play on hard, and you won't have any of this. The takedowns, while repetitive after a while, are a joy to watch. The game closes in on them, and showcases its animation style just that little bit more. Which leads me to my next point. Yes, you can decide to murder everyone. And the game won't hold it against you. And there certainly is enjoyment in picking off guards one by one and disposing of the bodies. Or terrifying another guard by leading him towards said body. But you can also finish the entire game without killing anyone. It's a lot harder, but once you reach that level of mastery and pull it off, it is damn rewarding, I telll you. The only thing lacking in this game is the story. It's not bad per se, but it isn't all that memorable either. But to me, that wasn't really all that important anyway, because the game is just a blast to play. I was truly disappointed when it was over, but gladly started hunting for achievements afterwards."
76561198125275016,Recommended,214560,9769034,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Muhammed,ONE OF THE BEST NINJA GAMES.
,Recommended,214560,8955200,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Shutforever,"Top game! Really impressive I must say! I don't even know why I bought this game at first but because of the reviews : I realized a few moments later that I bought a puzzle-platform game... which I only very rarely like^^. I was like ""Oh f*ck! I've just wasted my money! F*ck!"". And when I started playing the game, I was like ""Man, you bought it : play it now!"". 1 hour later, I had to go : that's when I realized that I spent 1 hour on what I thought I spent 2 minutes! I actually like it much! The main thing I like about that game is : the freaking skilled murders! Graphics are pretty good, it has a very good ambiance (thanks to a really coordinate music and darkness) and I'm still surprised of how easy it is to play this game with a controller! Because, yeah I have to admit it, I'm a PC gamer that -sometimes though- uses a gamepad (*cough*Fifa*cough*)... So, if you like plateform, puzzles, action, adventure...  Just buy it if you like to play games XD!"
,Recommended,214560,9774317,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Fish & Chips,"It's one of the BEST stealth games i have ever played. it has great mechanics, interesting cut scenes and wonderfull replay value"
,Recommended,214560,9774928,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,educated_monkey,"If you enjoy the stealth genre like I do, this is definitely a game you should try.The game is set around a ninja character that has accepted a mark to be able to embark on a journey of vengeance. The story goes that the marked one will have powers beyond anything the world has seen, but will eventually go insane and die because of these marks. Therefore it is customary the marked one commits suicide before he goes insane. But... This time you can't just yet, because betrayel lies at every corner and enemies are plenty...One of the things I liked about this game is that the gameplay really works! The controls are relatively easy to find out, but that doesn't mean the challenge is gone, it just means you feel how the game is supposed to work.The style is nice too. It is a cartoon platformer game with graphical, but because it is a cartoon-game, undisturbing violence. And this really works for this game. Especially the way some guards become terrified is just excellent.Another thing that makes this game very playable is number of respawn points. You will find out that you just have to reload sometimes and do things differently. The fact that most respawn points are not that far apart, makes it no problem to reload from time to time (especially if you want to try out different tactics like me or just try to get the same result for funsies )The game is replay-able, especially in the harder setting that comes available after you finished it for the first time. But after that the replayability is almost gone, apart from some achievements you might want to get...In general, the following points are the pro's:- nice storyline- good graphics/style- very good working gameplay- stealthyAnd the following points might be taken as cons:- easy to play- replayability"
,Recommended,214560,9783023,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Jert,"""Mark of the Ninja"" is a great 2D stealth platformer. its my first stealth game and i recommend it to those who like being stealthy and to those who like platformers"
,Recommended,214560,9074067,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,HyenaSwitch,This game makes you actually feel like a ninja. Best stealth gameplay i've ever seen. 10/10
76561197963744111,Recommended,214560,9076255,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Helusay,Great little platformer. A blast to play.
,Recommended,214560,9068347,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dkai,Very solid game all the way through.
,Recommended,214560,9078523,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,El Poncho X,"You will not be disappointed! This game has a great feel to it in the slightly comic feeling graphic artwork they've done. I feel like I'm playing an anime cartoon, a very good one. I also can't explain it, but the way the ninja moves in the game keeps making me think of Jake Long American Dragon.... don't ask. It just has that feel of the way the cartoonist animated that characters movements. I really love the way the game plays, the way the ninja moves. There is a lot of thought put into each level, difficulty, etc. Sneaking around having to accomplish your goals sometime without being discovered. Yes, I like the game a lot. Don't let the idea of a 2D scroller scare you, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,214560,5039480,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,noisyturtle,"Rarely nowadays does a game leave me wanting more, but MotN has left me as such. This game is so solid, tight, and well crafted that it's damn near perfect. The level design, the art, the controlls, all amazing. The only drawback? It's a bit too short."
76561197986593337,Recommended,214560,8908876,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Ser Lyonel Baratheon,"I would recommend this game for full price, although the special edition is rather pricey, so getting it for less than $5.00 is a damn steal. (75% special when this review was written) The stealth mechanics are absolutely fantastic and the game responds well. There is value in replaying, with various upgrades and suits (that grant different powers) up for grabs as you accumulate points/complete goals. There are hidden features to find and alternative ways to accomplish your goals.I'll admit I only have 10 hours showing on record, but that's more of a reflection on me as a gamer rather than the game's potential itself. If you like stealth games, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,214560,3613160,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,StevenMSanders,Great game. Just beat it and I want to play it again.
,Recommended,214560,10307212,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,xenoaroe,Pretty much the best stealth game ever.  Layers of simple mechanics yield complexity and depth with a lot of replay value.
76561197998085460,Recommended,214560,10307554,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dini,The most fun I've had with a stealth based game in years.
76561197998935647,Recommended,214560,1857742,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,The Empty Space,I like this game and the art style is something I like too.
76561198039585522,Recommended,214560,10301666,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,"Exactly what I want out of an indie game.  Aesthetically distinctive, all fun with no filler, and not afraid to be a little niche.  The way light played into the gameplay was particularly ballsy and well-executed.  This wasn't one of the best games I've ever played, but that's pretty much the only bad thing I can say about it.  $15 is a steal for a game that's on the same tier as really good handheld games quality-wise."
76561198006773157,Recommended,214560,2397231,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,darwinian~nightmare,"Super smooth controls, epic 2D gameplay, shame the main story is only so short. Still, must have for all sneaky 2D-Lovers out there, 9.5 out of 10!"
,Recommended,214560,5615845,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,nicot2k,Fun casual stealth game
,Recommended,214560,961387,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Worldbrand,"It's sleek, it's stylish, it's fun, and although it isn't perfect, it is leaps and bounds ahead in the right direction for what it's trying to be."
76561198019596045,Recommended,214560,3253924,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Duuuuuuude1,Delightful platform/stealthy game...sweet.
76561198070859081,Recommended,214560,8496736,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ohmen Glacialis,"A milestone in stealth games.Great stealth game. It's not too hard but no way near as simplistic as assassin's creed. you actually have to keep paying attention here.While it's not exceptionally long on its own, unlocking the ninja paths and equipments can keep you busy for a while, the new game + function also helps a lot.7/10"
76561198008437893,Recommended,214560,2505779,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Benny Penny,"It's like being a real ninja, except you don't have to put on pants."
76561198018964625,Recommended,214560,8466056,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Solenia,"This is a stealth action metroidvania type game that is above all a true stealth action experience. True expansions to the game add what all expansions should: new content, a new character, and new depth into the game's primary mechanic(in this case stealth.As for the story, it's an intricate tale of night missions and espionage most foul.True to metroidvania type games, you gain access to different uniforms and abilities as you progress through the game. You are well rewarded for exploring and taking routes through missions other than the most obvious. There are many different ways through missions.10/10"
76561198018139583,Recommended,214560,3142721,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,†DoC|Resist4God,"Very fun little stealth game, it expands upon stealth games of the past while retaining their most impeccable elements. The controls are responsive, the interface is neat, and the gameplay is very enjoyable as there is always more than one way to go about a level with numerous weapons and tools to use."
,Recommended,214560,7459,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Hargate.u,This is a very fun side-scrolling stealth game. You should definatly go buy this right now.
76561197970184495,Recommended,214560,8467221,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sanbar,great game i would get it prefect for controller and old school style with new school graphics
,Recommended,214560,8467282,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,A damn swift stealth game. It's fun as hell and the controls are tight. You won't be disappointed.
,Recommended,214560,8467381,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Beelzebubterror,One of the most heart-pounding 2-D Stealth Games on Steam.
,Recommended,214560,8467450,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Thothmes,"Great game, balances stealth with action and the puzzles are just difficult enough to be challenging.If you can get it in the sale DO IT, DO IT NOW!"
76561198064279218,Recommended,214560,8467508,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sir Bananas,game is fun get
,Recommended,214560,510895,"Posted: 22 October, 2012",all,Captain Judaism,Do you like stealth games?  Do you like being a frickin' ninja?  Then this game is for you! An amazing title from an amazing company that deserves every dollar.
,Recommended,214560,8467944,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shazam,pretty ballin
,Recommended,214560,1619448,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,Hailspork,"Great stealth game, pretty good plot and atmosphere  too.Take advantage of directional facing, lighting, sound, and distractions to bypass or kill enemies (and either hide bodies or string them up to terrorize others).  Nice mix of puzzles to obtain scrolls and pass levels."
,Recommended,214560,8468727,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,bigkilla2012,play it!!!
76561198041739301,Recommended,214560,8468738,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Pinda,STAB! *hehe* SWOOSH! *hehehe* <3
,Recommended,214560,8468832,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bowz,"This is a true stealth game, and it's a lot of fun. It has great art direction and animation. You can play this game in a confrontational way, or you can be super stealthy and nobody gets hurt."
,Recommended,214560,8506304,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,satanguy,awesomed
76561197965191210,Recommended,214560,8506590,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gordholm,Sneaky ninja fun ! Serious !
,Recommended,214560,8508163,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Megic Wissard,PLAY IT. JUST PLAY IT. Thank me later.
,Recommended,214560,317198,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,MrPSB,"Absolutely fantastic game, grab it while it's on sale!"
,Recommended,214560,422064,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,doolezah,"This is a delightfully fun stealth game with a large variety of stealth techniques, a great art style and atmosphere, and superb controls.  5 out of 5.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214560,8510989,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Squid,Great game for those who love stealth. It can be played many different ways in which you can use many different gadgets and tools to complete your mission.
76561198105209460,Recommended,214560,8500956,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Señor_BeardFace,"Absolutely love this game, pick it up!"
,Recommended,214560,8501582,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Spiffy the Chicken,"This is a really good stealth game. It goes back to some of the roots of stealth games such as minimal health and options. The player has plenty of options. Not just, do I kill or walk by? but also, do I distract the gaurds or find another route? The amount of items and tools at your disposal later in the game make for a fun time. It reminds me a lot of Theif where you have the tools to complete the task ahead but how you go about it is your own choice. The in-game scoring mechanic doesn't punish you for choosing to kill or not. So the way in which you complete the challenges and improve your score doesnt hinge on one 'right' answer."
76561198006321467,Recommended,214560,8501869,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kingy,do it
,Recommended,214560,8502062,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Master Exploder,"Excelente gameplay, entretente e desafiador. A história é uma bosta, mas o gameplay compensa."
76561197992104345,Recommended,214560,8503172,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Envy,"Hands down the best stealth experience you can find today!If you are a fan of killing your foes from the shadows or avoid them entirely, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,214560,8505018,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,cahoonai,"Absolutely love this game, great graphics and gives to quite a few ways to off your enemy's, also makes it clear whether your going to be seen etc so that when you bugger up you know its your fault and not dodgy gameplay. Super fun and plays great with my ps3 controller. Highly Recommendded."
,Recommended,214560,2140398,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Kronos_199,"""Let it stand as the benchmark by which all stealth games are now measured"" I can't say it better than Jim Sterling xD"
,Recommended,214560,8491207,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,quickinstinct,Good stealth style game. I picked this up to hone my stealth skills and improve game play patience in my gaming.
76561198070655970,Recommended,214560,8491909,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ευλογητός,"epic game...i dont play games like this , but a friend referred it to me and i got to say this is pretty cool...i am pretty bad but its fun :p :)"
,Recommended,214560,8492342,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Xonu,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is fun.
76561198046598499,Recommended,214560,8493684,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,wolverinevision,amzing comic game !! control are great and graphic are amazing .. alot of blood!!!
,Recommended,214560,8493906,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NotSo,ninja vs modern day who wins?awesome stealth and action with a  side of gore but not to muchi cant say much but it is pretty dam good and cheap84/100
76561198007107639,Recommended,214560,2422686,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,dacendale,This is a very polished game with good presentation. Well thought out.
,Recommended,214560,8496876,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SkaterPoem,I played it with my rumble pad and really enjoyed it. Game has nice stealth dynamics and action scenes. If I wouldn't be so lazy I would definitely play it all over again for try to new ninja gadgets.
76561197963668862,Recommended,214560,8497183,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Crazer,The best stealth game I've played. Fantastic.
76561198007905842,Recommended,214560,8483705,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,GoldenGopherRunsWildonYou,"Fun little stealth/action game. Controls are pretty good, animation is fluid, levels are pretty well designed. Its easily worth a try :)"
,Recommended,214560,8483776,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mojito!,"Really addictive, with great looking graphics and design.  Really glad it came on sale otherwise I'd not have heard of it."
,Recommended,214560,4982457,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Chef Mungus,"Isn't this just Shank but ninja style? 8/10, Stealthy as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198019673114,Recommended,214560,8484447,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,antoshkka,Stealth action with nice cartoon animation.
76561198018337802,Recommended,214560,8484796,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MrRauxa,"Great stealthy game, must have for genre fans."
,Recommended,214560,462578,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Mind if we dance wit yo dates,Does for platformers what Batman: Arkham Asylum did for the stealth action genre.  Innovative mechanics that keep you one step ahead but not omnipotent or omniscient combined with tight controls.  Excellent artwork and sound design too.
,Recommended,214560,10591404,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bluaztik,This game rocks
76561198041816797,Recommended,214560,10593753,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Wallaby,Stealth or murder. S'all good
76561197972610400,Recommended,214560,594381,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,SPIKE TRAP,"Great stealth game, one of the best I think.  The controls are perfect and careful planning is rewarded.  Plot is pretty horrible, and the character designs are kinda goofy, but the scenery and gameplay makes up for any shortcomings."
,Recommended,214560,10595331,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Loki Combo,잠입 액션이라면 이렇게 만들어야지!! 메탈기어도 좀 배우고 가라 ㅋㅎ
76561198045519242,Recommended,214560,10595642,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bmonks,mark of the ninja more like stabby in the back guy. No one messes with stabby.
76561198023508759,Recommended,214560,10733951,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kingofspleens,"Awesome stealth game.  Or not if you want.  Terrify, sneak past, or just punch them in the face. Your choice. Good game."
,Recommended,214560,10737067,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zonjai,Excellent story.  Good gameplay. Wonderful time.
,Recommended,214560,10738251,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ZenBushido,"I'm a big fan of classic bionic commando and strider, and I must say that mark of the ninja, quickly made it to one of my top favorite platformers of all time. If you're looking for a refreshing side scroller, you've found it."
76561198004818733,Recommended,214560,10760249,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,crazydudejr,"This is a very very well done and thought out game. Story is well told and the gameplay is tight and responsive. I just wish there was a level editor so that even more insane levels could be  made. A prequel possibly featuring the originator of the clan would be nice, however the great thing about Klei is that they keep making new and interesting things."
76561198062593274,Recommended,214560,10755697,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Digital Punk,Great Game!
76561198013873690,Recommended,214560,10757043,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,cugamer,"Overall, an excellent stealth game.  The controls take a bit getting used to, especially on mouse and keyboard but once you do it's very smooth.  The stealth mechanics are very well implemented and when you're on your game, you really feel like a silent assassin moving from shadow to shadow toward your target.One of the biggest draws to MotN is the art.  Simply put, it looks great.  Very reminiscent of Batman: The Animated Series, there is a style which permeates the entire experience.  It’s very creative, and looks like an animated film without being cartoony.  The character animations themselves are very well done, your character moves smoothly with exaggerated, yet believable motions.  Everything from the climbing to the stealth kills just flows and a skilled player can make it look more like a dance then a struggle.The gameplay is really the most important aspect of course and MotN doesn’t disappoint here either.  You start with just the basics but your arsenal of maneuvers and weapons grows with the game.  And you’ll need those extra tricks, since the enemies and challenges get harder and harder as time goes by.  This game demands patience.  If you’re caught, it’s usually lights out so you have to move carefully, observe the situation then plan your next several steps.  Once you’ve got a plan it’s a matter of executing, which depending on the circumstances can be slow and leisurely or demand split second timing.  It’s a challenge, but there is a great thrill in a well carried out mission.  It also invites replay.  Beating the game is not difficult.  Beating it in such a way that you well and truly are a ninja master, that’s the real challenge and it’s a joy to keep trying.Honestly one of the best games to appear on Steam in a long time.  It’s smooth, it’s refined and it’s elegant.  Klei Entertainment has a great deal to be proud of here and one can only hope that a sequel will not be long in coming."
,Recommended,214560,6083564,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,Majeye,Highly addictive game.  A *must* have for all those that love stealthy platform indie games.9/10 - Majeye Gaming
76561197973763462,Recommended,214560,10740297,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,C Kobra,One of the better platformers I have played in a long while.
,Recommended,214560,118773,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Captain Trips,"Game of 2012 for me. Amazing stealth mechanics, beautiful graphics and sound, and a meaty compaign with a fun NG+. 10/10!"
,Recommended,214560,10743840,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,sc1ph3r,"Very well done stealth game, with unlockables, different playstyles, well balanced AI, enjoyable story, and interesting artistic style."
76561197964120751,Recommended,214560,10751852,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hyperlynx,"Clever and stylish.Satisying blend of stealth and action, with great presentation. If anything, the only weakness is that the upgrades and equipment items make many of the puzzles easier than they should be towards the end of the game, and when the game is played in ""new game +"" mode. Still, very good, worth getting if you like stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,5221803,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,myctrlkeyisnotclicky,10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing good!
,Recommended,214560,11168978,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Bruh,"The gameplay is incredible. You wouldn't think that a 2D stealth game would work, but it's amazing. And also it's by Klei entertainement, creators of shank and don't starve, so the art and atmosphere is beautiful. Same with the animations and cutscenes."
,Recommended,214560,681831,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Fried Owl,You play a NINJA! Nuf said? OK - 2d stealth game. Multiple play throughs. Multiple methods of completing levels. Different weapons and 'kit-outs'. Tons of in-game and Steam achievements.
,Recommended,214560,2868174,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,xandemon,"This is a great stealth/assassination platformer. It has an engaging story that is well told and well supported by both the art style and the gameplay, and it's very easy to get into. Checkpoint based saving means that you can pick up and put down pretty easily, and the non-playthrough achievements are pretty straightforwardly achievable in a fun rather than grind-ful way.For anyone who enjoys platformers this is certainly a great buy. and a developer to keep an eye on!"
,Recommended,214560,4111479,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Justo,"Mark of the Ninja is a very invigorating stealth game, with a great story that'll keep you guessing up until the very end. I give it the JUSTIN'S SEAL OF APPROVAL™  ©2013"
76561198057760098,Recommended,214560,6039249,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,kermit,One of the best stealth-based games I've ever played! Definitely beat my expectation as a 2D game as well :D
76561197999674349,Recommended,214560,1915185,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,NecroFenix,"""Very good stealth game. Want to sneak by all the guards unseen? Or want to kill everyone in the most stealthy (fun) way while hiding the bodies? Then you will like this game."""
,Recommended,214560,2436968,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Timon,"Definately worth the price and a good buy. I didn't like shank too much, but this is awesome. There's pretty much always a  stealthy, a rambo and a mixed approach, whatever suits you..."
76561198098770681,Recommended,214560,9905330,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,-{FF}- A Mink,One of the greatest stealth games of its time
,Recommended,214560,9908126,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,young lack sleep.,"Really cool game, it makes you feel like a slippery ninja. Cool mechanics in game, really easy to ♥♥♥♥ed up the with the shurikens. Overall, sick game, totally recommend!"
,Recommended,214560,9911403,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Yoshi,"I'm not sure you can do stealth in 2D better than this. That said, the game hangs around a little too long to me. I thought it was over three different times, and there's something really irritating about the levels that followed two of those. I think my favorite features are the seals, which are basically three challenges to be completed on each level, and the challenge rooms. I'd like a whole game of challenge rooms, because they made you think and didn't drag on like some of the levels. Someday I'll go back for New Game Plus and clean up the last few achievements."
,Recommended,214560,1604887,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,PlasmaChroma,"Great controls, totally fluid.  Makes you feel like a serious badass ninja.  Plot scrapes by as good enough, but is nearly a non-issue due to great gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,5551960,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Nicodopolis,"I couldn't rate this game any higher, a must buy. 10/10"
76561198013488751,Recommended,214560,9799654,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,FUN POLICE,"A very competently put together game with fluid gameplay, gorgeous visuals, and decent sound design.Pros:-Very empowering and fluid gameplay. No matter what your play style, Mark of the Ninja succeeds in making you feel like an expert assassin, whether it be silently creeping through air vents and swiftly jumping over heads or spreading terror through death and trickery.-Great art style. The unique, borderline cartoonish graphics fit the game surprisingly well. The eastern-style motifs that riddle the game are well designed and complement the themes of the game nicely.-Good sound design. The music fits the mood of every encounter (very important in a stealth game!), and the audio cues are distinct and, even without ever hearing them, you can instantly tell what they mean. The voice acting is passable but nothing of note.Cons:-Forgettable story. A story that takes advantage of every cliche you've already seen regarding modern ninjas. Not terrible by any means, but don't expect to be emotionally moved.-Comparitvely plain cutscenes. The cutscenes are visually identical to the gameplay, and fail to stand up on their own.-Low difficulty. This is somewhat alleviated by the presence of New Game+, but any veteran of platformers or stealth games will glide through the levels with ease.In summation, I recommend this game to anyone looking for fun and engaging gameplay. While it has a short runtime (I beat the game with nearly all the collectibles in around six hours), I could see myself replaying it in the future because I doubt the enjoyment is diminished if you've already been through it. A great game from a great studio."
76561197998455494,Recommended,214560,7357122,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Drika,"A great game that requires patience, strategy and a bit of cold blood. But also be quick. Don't lose your window to make a move. Very clever. Love it. :)"
,Recommended,214560,184155,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,[Amazing] iMouse,Well worth $5 maybe even regular price... either way very clever and nice game smooth gameplay.. awsome take on stealth mechanics.. maybe not the most challenging but leaves you satisfied and entertained with every assination with a decent story and a entertaining ending.. well made end of story...
,Recommended,214560,968395,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,paRa,"For those who love stealth games, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,214560,5319818,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,angutar,freakin' awesome.amazing art style and gameplay. also an very interesting story.leaderboard gives it a replay value that makes you beat your friends.
76561198049497355,Recommended,214560,10194404,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ZenOfRoma,"If you want to feel like a real ninja, than this is the game for you. You can choose to stealthfully execute any enemy in your way or slip past them without them even knowing you were there.The story is solid and engaging and worth playing again and again.You have at your disposal a variety of tool to fit your play style: smoke bombs, caltrops, insanity darts and many more.From here I encourage all to pick up this game and have fun!"
,Recommended,214560,378407,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Senor Rub-A-Dub,The only stealth game that I have played where you are encouraged to stalk and kill your prey. The art style is amazing and the Flash cutscenes are really well done. I absolutely love this game.
,Recommended,214560,10196991,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Maximo649,Love this game very fun and worth the small price... Their is replayability to get a better score and not get caught.... Its focoused on stealth so dont expect to run around infront of people killing them
76561197972790725,Recommended,214560,10087551,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Cr0m,Awesome Side-Scrolling Stealth Game.  Best played with a controller but can be done on a keyboard/mouse too.  Put this on your wish list to catch it on sale!
,Recommended,214560,8535349,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kilo,very cool stealth side scroller.   buy this game if you catch it during a sale.
,Recommended,214560,8537461,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MovinVan,"Satisfying stealth platformer with amazing level design and multiple ways to complete objectives.  The ninja skill tree has unlocks for assasination abilities, weapons, and stealth tools.  There are plenty of secret areas and challenges on each map and the artwork is very well done.  It's a solid game, even if you aren't a huge fan of platformers."
,Recommended,214560,8537779,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Steel Soldier,A great 2D game that has fluid controls and movement.  Wonderfully designed with stealth and quick takedowns at the centre of game play.
76561197970372719,Recommended,214560,8538628,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ZombieInfected,Best 2D platformer I've played in years
76561198088156198,Recommended,214560,8461694,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,☯ TJ,"This game is actaully amazing and addictive, its not the longest but i highly highly reccomend you buy it, its suprising how great the stealth mechanics are and how fun it is to play"
,Recommended,214560,7357304,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,FreddyK,Wicked fun stealth game that rewards you if you choose to spare your enemies or lets you kill them all!
,Recommended,214560,8461922,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mr. Smarty Pants,"Definitely recommend it. You can replay it a few times, changing your strategy/perks.Better with controller."
,Recommended,214560,8462290,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,D_N_A,"Simply the Best Ninja game off all time, the Best Stealth game off all time and with a controller the gameplay is flawless."
,Recommended,214560,4141393,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,mr_rud,polished like a diamond: tight gameplay and great presentation make it the best stealth game of the last generation
,Recommended,214560,8462480,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[^_^],One of my favorite 2D game! I had an awesome experience playing this game! All those sneaking and stealth kills are ♥♥♥♥♥♥icly good! :D This game is a must have so buy it naw! :D
,Recommended,214560,8462681,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BlueCalango™,One of the bests indie games that i've ever played.
76561198040422622,Recommended,214560,8462718,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Effete,you should play!
76561198031666848,Recommended,214560,8462757,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,NekeOhLoss,"Hugely recommended. One of my favorite games on Steam. The stealth in this game is incomparable, blending sight, sound, and fright to allow the player to really feel like a ninja. There are several different characters to choose from, each supporting a very different playstyle that adds a lot to the game's replayability. The scoring system also allows for different playstyles to be rewarded whether you are a dagger in the dark who eliminates everyone who stands in his path or a pure stealth pacifist who reaches his goal without being spotted or anything in between. And, best of all, all of these styles are insanely fun to play. You will feel like a ninja. Worth the full price, but it goes on sale enough that you can probably get a screamin' deal on it if you want to wait."
,Recommended,214560,738950,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Kit,Being a ninja never felt so good
,Recommended,214560,8463284,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jay,"This game is amazing, and you haven't played it you should. The art style and sound design is wonderul and charming. The gameplay is really engaging, even if you aren't usually one for stealth games. The game rewards players for thinking and being clever about situations as much as it does lightning reflexes or anything like that.It's easy to learn but challenging to master and enough to make you -want- to master it. Its story is also quite engaging thanks to the well animated cutscenes and execellent voice acting. There are 95% of the time multiple solutions to any obsticle depending on the player, their load out, and what they feel comfortable with."
,Recommended,214560,8463779,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Toranaga,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played.  I felt it was better than even Dishonored.  The levels were designed so well, and the mechanics really are refined.  Not to mention, it looks fantastic!"
,Recommended,214560,8463906,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Thoraxe23,Easily one of the best stealth games I've played in the past five years.
76561198005971263,Recommended,214560,8463910,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AdeK,Excellent platform game that's been highly rated by various.Saw this originally via Totalbiscuit's you-tube channel & was instantly hooked.
,Recommended,214560,166904,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,EyeCrust,"Hands down one of the best stealth games I've played since the older Splinter Cell games.  Great controls, visuals, and audio make this game a ton of fun to play. And the story stands on it's own as well which I hadn't expected. Easily worth the 15 bucks (though I got during the Christmas sale)."
,Recommended,214560,12078672,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,cyanbc,This is actually quite a good platformer which allows you to basically sneak or murder to your hearts content. It was interesting enough for me to want all the achievments.
,Recommended,214560,11901224,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Stumpel,Very nicely and beautifully done stealh side-scroller. Never thought they could do one this addictive.Even the controls works very well with mouse+keyboard.The only downside is that it's quite short but the dlc and harder levels + achievements bring replayability.
,Recommended,214560,11905524,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Indigo Zulu,"Awsome game. Never lost interest in it.Play as a ninja, and actually feeling like one is very rewarding. Multiple attack styles, but bonuses for playing stealthy. various weapon types add variety and skins aid play style. must have game for a quick hour to kill from time to tim."
,Recommended,214560,11906106,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ashado.halo,"I love this game! The sidescroll movement and controls are fluid and fun. The level challenges are robust and yield good rewards. Got it during the Steam sale, but worth full price. Best platformer I've played in a long time."
76561197970539146,Recommended,214560,11907179,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Boris Meridian,"Brilliant game, totally worth picking up"
,Recommended,214560,11841721,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,MatSan®,This is Batman Arkham Series in a different skin! Extremely fun to play and engaging storyline. Recommended.
,Recommended,214560,11841797,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Liquid,100% worth getting. Gameplay is something you could not enjoy as much unless you use a controller. Game has plenty of comedy/challenging areas. It will keep you coming back to it on a regular basis. The DLC is certainly interesting too. Story alone is decent & I really hope they make a M.O.T.N-2.
,Recommended,214560,11843459,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Gamingspacebunny,I like the game it is Aweosme and Fun to Play Very Fun to PLay Now I'm A Ninja! :D
,Recommended,214560,11846418,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Zeta,"Stood behind a gaurd and breathed on his neck. 10/10On a more serious note, this game is extremely fun and everyone should play it."
,Recommended,214560,11846629,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Trojan.win32\ROOT,"There's nothing like Mark of the Ninja on Xbox Live Arcade, and now, Steam. Others may taunt fast action stealth, but this is the true evolution of that concept with speedy and thought-provoking mechanics. Keyboard and mouse controls can take a while to get used to, but once you've got it down, you feel like a master assassin. Mark of the Ninja is a triumphant victory that is a must-buy for any and all stealth fans."
76561198038742612,Recommended,214560,11892195,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,americandefender,"very simple but highly addictive, good story line, great 2d graphics, good replay value"
,Recommended,214560,11895125,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Jav_Rock,"A great game where you must master stealth and strategy for killing enemies without being detected. As you gain more habilities the ways of killing become more interesting and fun.I find really interesting the way of controlling the character, very dinamic and awesome visually.A really must have game, in my opinion, if you like ninjas."
,Recommended,214560,11895438,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,ynto,"Rating: 7/10Although this 2D side-scrolling game is quite short, it is pretty enjoyable piece. Game-play is very smooth with customizable ninja-styles and items and the whole play-through depends on your choice. There is nice system for making your final score after finishing each level, which calculate with how many enemies detected you, how many of them you killed, if you have triggered any alarms, the number of secret scrolls you found etc.. I will recommend it for players who like stealth-based games."
76561197991277539,Recommended,214560,11864469,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Static,"It's dark. With your grappling hook you climb onto a lightpole.As a guard walks by, you throw a smoke bomb at him and immediatly after it explodes you descend. With a slice from your sword, you cut his throat and he falls to the floor. At the same time you throw a kunai (throwing knife) at the light and the lightbulb is destroyed. All that in matter of seconds and nobody notices you.That's how a ninja deals with things. And that's how you play this game.As a stealthy, silent but deadly ninja you wander through nice detailed worlds with lots of opportunities to kill your enemy. Smoke bombs, calltrops, kunai's.... all these weapons are at your disposal.Want to frighten your enemy? Why don't you hang the dead body of the guard you just killed at the lightpole. The next guard who notices it will be frightened to death. Litteraly, because you cut his throat also while you pull him into the sewer where you've been hiding.That's Mark of the Ninja."
76561197999055142,Recommended,214560,11868687,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,DAMN FIDDLE,solid 2d stealth game
,Recommended,214560,3433400,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Milas60,"A must play, Top Indie game. Strategy in this game is fun to plan while concealed in darkness and then execute your plan to perfection like a ninja would."
,Recommended,214560,11916859,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ahtzy,"its fun addicting and very creative, except for the story"
76561198042643953,Recommended,214560,10973621,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pyro Squirrel,Klei has made a masterpiece and that masterpiece goes by the name of Mark of the Ninja.This is one of the greatest stealth games I've ever played and the best definition of a ninja game ever made.Give Klei money now...
76561198086426957,Recommended,214560,11918608,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,D9,NICE and FUN full of glorious death kills
,Recommended,214560,11935240,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,halfawannabe,"I've always loved games like this, and while my laptop is old enough that at times the action is slow and clumsy, this game holds my vote for best ninja game ever and is the standard all future ninja games should be held too, at least until somebody makes another actual ninja game where the goal is not to be seen."
,Recommended,214560,8012711,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Zauk,Amazing!
,Recommended,214560,8013479,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,RebornA7X,"I picked this game up in the Steam Summer Sale, I wasn't really sure what to expect.... but who can turn down a game with Ninjas?This game manages to turn 'simple side scrolling' into something completely fresh and exciting! It can be played a few ways including: being stealthy and not killing anybody (hardest way) and running through the level slaughtering everything in your path (easiest way).All in all, I would highly recommend this game! It is only just over £10 at full price (I paid around £2) and I've had some great fun on it and it still has a lot of replayability left in it!!"
76561198048721419,Recommended,214560,8019785,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,George Krampovitis,nice game but not enough levels and you should make a [spy and assasin] dlc futuristic technology
,Recommended,214560,8135827,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zero-ELEC,"Probably the best Stealth game in recent memory. If you have even a passing interest, you owe it to yourself to buy it."
76561198040644076,Recommended,214560,4675420,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,alltariss,An awesome game that really shows what stealth games should be.
,Recommended,214560,2247315,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,Giacomazzi_Hs,Challenging stealth game with a beautiful artstyle and very easy playing controls
76561198064294324,Recommended,214560,8286274,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,bulun,If you like ninjas. If you like stealth games. If you like ninja stealth...then get this game!
76561198041386864,Recommended,214560,8286783,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bradicus84,I found the stealth action to be kind of addicting in this game. The art style and smooth controller settings were spot on as well. Really fun game all around.
76561198097961653,Recommended,214560,8276175,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Captain Morgan,"Very enjoyable stealth game. I wanted a game that I could play in short time spans and I never felt like I lost extended period of time in not being able to save at a certain point (the checkpoints were well placed). I see plenty of replayability with all the different styles, distraction items and attack items making it possible to replay levels in very different ways."
,Recommended,214560,8293511,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rustwand,"I bought this game in the Steam Summer Sale 2013. I had read quite a lot of good reviews about the game and it's turned out to be true.Mark of the Ninja is a Stealth 2D game. It has good graphic, lots of actions with the stealth element. The choice are plenty: you can be a devil who has fun killing everyone, a assasin who eliminate threats silently or  a ghost who complete the mission without leaving a trace.I recommend this game to everyone who loves stealth game."
76561198070460365,Recommended,214560,6612188,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Spooky McBoo,That real♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198070974015,Recommended,214560,8122909,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,joshben19,"Who dosn't like cartoons. No one, (ok may be some one but he's stupid.) Mark of the ninja is so fresh like a breath of freash air in a cavern. Slick visurals to rival studio Gibly. some of the best gameplay in the downloadable market. all that is with out touching the fun and surprisingly deep story, it touches madeness loyalty and neeing to evolve to sute a modern world. So download Mark of the Ninja you won't reagret it. :)"
,Recommended,214560,8097791,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,CB,The story is nothing to write home about (trite and very predicatable conclusion). The mechanics however more than make up for it. The stealth gameplay is perfect. I want to see more games do 2D stealth mechanics like this.
,Recommended,214560,8098324,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Burninator,"Interesting concept. A metroidvania-style game with stealth elements that all act together to really make you feel like a ninja! Do you take out the lights to scare and confuse the guards, or throw a smoke bomb to disguise your approach as you sneak up behind them with a sword? The choice is yours. Kill everyone, or kill noone, the game rewards you for both styles."
,Recommended,214560,5037755,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,JustJim89,"If you like stealth games, buy this. If you like the idea of stealth games but not so much the execution, buy this. If you like beautiful cartoon-style visuals and tremendous animation, buy this. If you like stabbin' dudes, buy this. If you ever wanted Ninja Gaiden to ♥♥♥♥ the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of   Thief, buy this. If you like vidya, buy this!"
,Recommended,214560,4708292,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,Tephlon12,"This game is AMAZING!! If you haven't played it yet, you need to try it out. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,214560,1951275,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Ikarrus,"It's a great game which really makes you feel powerful. Atmosphere drops about halfway through the game, but it is an overall excellent game."
,Recommended,214560,691827,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,ZOMBIE,"Animated ninja game with non-linear puzzles and a stealth system that's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥  Lots of fun, but not very long.  Chance to replay with unlocked weapons."
76561198012246682,Recommended,214560,2762245,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Derrick,Excellent stealth platforming that makes you feel silent and deadly.
76561197987141057,Recommended,214560,8113474,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,[FeC] BobLaubLaw,"This is a well polished, gem of a game. If you like stealth games and like (or at least don't have an aversion to) side scrolling game, you will love this game! The mechanics are clean & smooth, it has an intuitive upgrade system, excellent storyline and stylized HD art. I cannot recommend this game highly enough."
76561197995931163,Recommended,214560,9716019,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Reaper6,"Fantastic game, lots of fun.  The gameplay is smooth and keeps you entertained for hours."
,Recommended,214560,9717323,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Xenoranger,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdaYnGvKE0Q
,Recommended,214560,8681566,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Vinnycakes,"In addition to being one of the coolest games (with one of the best endings) I've ever played, here are 3 things I appreciated about Mark of the Ninja: (1) It actually lets you play it the way you want to. So many modern games are just theme parks with only one solution to any problem that it's a treat to have a game say, ""Here's a room and a big toolkit, have fun."" (2) Light on the cutscenes, meaty on the gameplay. There was very little time spent sitting there waiting to play. Never did I feel like mashing my face into my computer desk because I was being sat down and forced to watch a movie when I wanted to play a game. (3) A non-annoying female character that I actually liked having around. What's this? She talks about the mission? Shouldn't she be doing a dramatic pose and spouting delusions of grandeur about how she's like, super powerful and killed 100 men with her pinky and how I'd be dead already if she wanted me to be? Where's the chip on her shoulder second in size only to that of her massive ego? You mean she's actually... nice? Not insisting that everyone be impressed by everything she does? Well... how pleasant!"
,Recommended,214560,8681809,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,shellshokked,"Awesome graphics, challenging but engaging. Didn't realize that side scrollers could be so entertaining. Have played it through on Xbox 360 and now giving PC version a whirl."
,Recommended,214560,8685128,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Soulcrusher,Great stealth 2D indie + some challenges and puzzles with a bunch of extra features.
,Recommended,214560,292266,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,ProfessorX,"An incredible game with a lot of amazing art and animation. Gameplay is super rich and satisfying, this game is totally badass and I hope they make another."
,Recommended,214560,8631978,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,SIEG ZEON,get this game you're a ninja for christ's sake!!!
76561197982399963,Recommended,214560,8637206,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Davylectric,"I don't don't know if there's a lot of stealth platformer out there, but if there is, this one is definitely at the top. Superb graphics, awesome stealth mechanics and tight controls make this game a must have if you're into this genre."
,Recommended,214560,5382809,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Cerique,So. Much. Fun.
76561198006343204,Recommended,214560,8645099,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,TheGobbo,In the words of Fry : Shut up and take my money!
76561197999111837,Recommended,214560,8658532,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,carlpalmner,"Very well-done gameplay; the stealth and platformer genres work very well together and the game is challenging without being frustrating.  My only problem with it was the rather juvenile cartoony graphics that contrast starkly with the violent, adult themes of the game."
,Recommended,214560,3816614,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Danyaell,Best game of 2012!
76561197969628949,Recommended,214560,362398,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"This game has some of the best stealth gameplay I've seen.  It's worth picking up, especially for the price."
,Recommended,214560,4255529,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Nerobyrne,"Stealth, Fear and Slaughter ... Pure Awesomeness!Also Ninja"
,Recommended,214560,1735771,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,[LF] Dragon_Blooded,"Awesome, awesome game. I never thought that a 2D, platforming game focused on stealth could work due to the limitations of the format, but Mark of the Ninja pulls it off big time."
76561198025046156,Recommended,214560,12196888,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dorkrock,Best stealth game in years.
76561198136864992,Recommended,214560,19220499,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Plutia Princess of Cuteness,Really good game for when you just wanna kill some guards then hang their bodies so another guard shoots his friends
76561198058132486,Recommended,214560,19233402,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kelevra,"i loved the ninja theme, good gameplay, stylish and flouid animations. suprising story."
76561197972743620,Recommended,214560,601321,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Daunmi,Go around guards? Check. Sneak past guards? Check. Backstab guards? Check. Leap down on guards? Check. Pull guards off ledges? Check. Drag them into vents? Check. Leave guards hanging from lightpoles? Check. Terrify guard A into killing guard B by throwing corpse of guard C at them? Check.Hide bodies? You better believe it!
76561198069015198,Recommended,214560,19222065,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,sixstring,"This is one of the most fun, varied and well written stealth games I have had the pleasure of playing. The open level design is wonderful for exploring or getting straight to the target. The level upgrade system slowly adds new fun skills to the player's inventory and the difficulty curve is pretty gentle. Definitely recommend this, especially if you like stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,19222649,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,George,"I would recommend this game in a heartbeat.  Mark of the Ninja is one of the absolute best side scrolling platformer games I've ever played. The controls are flawless , the stealth mechanics are incredibly immersive, the art has style and you can play the game in your own style (I just . If you like side scrolling platformers and/or stealth games, get this game.  Hell, if you've never played a 2d side scroller and want to try one out, get this game."
76561198134099651,Recommended,214560,19203618,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Osc,This is a really good Stealth Game.I love that you can assassinate in heaps of different ways.
,Recommended,214560,19075107,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,SolidBird,One of the best stealth games i have ever played !!!The replayability is awesome and very addicting.I recomnend Mark of the Ninja for every stealth game fans around.;)
,Recommended,214560,19208661,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Vicious Beast,This game is remarkably effective at capturing the stealth parkour feel of one of those AAA things like Assassin's Creed or Dishonored in two dimensions.
76561198149134930,Recommended,214560,19204615,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,EnchantedWaffle,i like this game.
76561198046434526,Recommended,214560,5209844,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Carnifex,Best Jump N Run since long time. Epic
,Recommended,214560,19206599,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,DirtyJews,Amazing Game!!!A must buy for stealth fans. Such a great game.10/10P.S.Dosan's Tale kicks♥♥♥♥♥too.
76561198076730714,Recommended,214560,19063222,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Wolve,"the game won't even start!bought the game for $20 on offer but cant play it. every time i run the game my steam hangs and eventually shuts down by itself. it is very frustrating. when i log in back to steam is says i'm currently playing mark of the ninja (wth), but there is nothing. i'm using asus g55vw. give me back my money!!*edit: the game works after upgraded to windows 10. great game!"
76561198132283741,Recommended,214560,19142484,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,SHOGUN,Ninja is fun.
76561198086802953,Recommended,214560,19107916,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,mogwie,side scrolling Tenchu Z!
76561198026870633,Recommended,214560,19104590,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Pear Pressure,"Fun stealth platformer, feels like a AAA title"
76561198046158785,Recommended,214560,5189276,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,AnonymousJohn,"An exemplar of solid mechanics, Mark of the Ninja's stealth-based gameplay is a finely-tuned gem.Everything in the game - its visuals, its audio, and its controls - is designed to deliver a superb experience. Gameplay is very fluid with a large range of options; you can scale walls, vault guards, and leap about the stage. With multiple styles of play and a more difficult New Game+ mode you are certain to reap hours from this small, but satisfying, title.Recommended. 8/10."
76561198033228686,Recommended,214560,19119163,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Bolderbast,Great game indeed.
,Recommended,214560,19113709,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Wiggles,"May be the only Ninja game where you are actually a Ninja, enjoyed my time with it and if you're in to stealth games especially this is for you."
76561197999072624,Recommended,214560,19106358,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Beige&Confused,"Awesome, absolutley essential for anyone who likes being stealthy.  Short enough that it can be beaten over a weekend, so its a perfect game to grab on sale.  Extremely tight gameplay, great art (reminds me of Genndy Tartakovsky circa the Star Wars Clone Wars 2d animated shorts).  The challenge level is just right, which isn't always easy to pull off in stealth experiences, but you feel completely in control of the ninja and if you get caught it is because you screwed up, not because of the game.  My only real gripes are that I could only get the game to run properly in Windowed Mode AND if you opened the game directly from the .exe as opposed to from the Steam Client.  It also is occasionally awkward to push crates because it requires you to hold down the E button while pressing A or D, not the most comfortable hand position.  I would love to see a sequel to this, highly highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,2127921,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Dandelin,This is the game
,Recommended,214560,19115375,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,safetyllama,"Satisfying stealth/puzzle actionThis is one of those games in which just moving your character around is a joy.  You feel like you’re Spiderman with a sword.  Gamepad controls are nice and tight.  The way sound and line-of-sight are implemented are just perfect.There are multiple paths and styles to play through the really well designed levels, so there is some good replay value here.  It’s as rewarding to brutally assassinate every guard as it is to sneak by.  The kill animations are cool, as is the art style in general.  A very Saturday morning cartoon feel going on.There are also secrets to find and and upgrades to earn which will compliment certain playstyles.  For example, one upgrade let’s you run silently, but you can’t use your sword.Really fun game.Runs great on Linux."
,Recommended,214560,19111942,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,LETNEEY,10/10
,Recommended,214560,19111990,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Madara,A really good game low requirements perfect for everybody. A well designed stealth game i really like it. And i just started by the way its amazing
76561197977837603,Recommended,214560,19120884,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,HumbleWarrior,Good game.
,Recommended,214560,19120261,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Chu,Pros:Get it doneNo noticesWho cares about being stealth.Cons:OH GOD 4 GUARDS ♥♥♥♥♥♥i am in bad covering!This is some fine♥♥♥♥♥♥i got myself intoEDIT:Now its a good game but thepoint of the cons is that its prettyhard to be complete stealth and not killany guards but overall its a A+ game
76561198151579333,Recommended,214560,19145505,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Nunu_Shonnashi,An outstanding stealth game and one of my personal favorites. Sam Fisher should up his game10/10 would buy and replay again
,Recommended,214560,19133115,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,miscliq,Short but awesome!
76561198191463049,Recommended,214560,19136130,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Heffeization,A must buy
,Recommended,214560,6385836,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Bryce,"Good 2D stealth gameplay,  good story!"
76561198240222840,Recommended,214560,19064373,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,379,Excellent game. I love this game and it provides me a lot of fun since I was in my freshman year.
,Recommended,214560,30605947,Posted: 18 March,all,afk,Ninja Turtles the original meme.
,Recommended,214560,19038582,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Gus,I like it.
76561198078479119,Recommended,214560,6888363,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Haz_MATT,Great game!  Definitely one of the coolest stealth games I've played in a while.  Just starting New game plus and I have to say it's even better than the first time through.  10 hours of gameplay that's totally worth your time.
,Recommended,214560,8548682,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Thwipshot,This game has an interesting art style and does the job of making you feel like a ninja really well.  I highly recommend it if you like stealth games this one sure delivers in that regard.
,Recommended,214560,8549138,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheStaven,"WOW was this game was awesome. Unbelievable fun with many ways to play, whether it be sneaking through without killing anyone, running through fighting everyone, or stealth killing everyone in sight. Plus, total control of which ending you'd want to choose."
,Recommended,214560,8549688,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Maplealvon,"Very flexible stealth game that has some pretty cool challenges and a simple yet fantastic story. Fits pure stealth no kill players, stealth killers/batman and those who just like swinging their swords like mad."
,Recommended,214560,8374549,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hero™ © ®,Fantastic game!If you love stealth action games then this is for you.
,Recommended,214560,8554407,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,no feelings,"This game is from the same developers that made Shank, so the graphics are really awesome. Also the stealth mechanics are just perfect and after getting used to they become really intuitive with a gamepad. The game is challenging, and the deaths can become quite frustrating, because you dont really learn much from them.The cool thing is you can do multiple runs with different cloaks(for example, there is one that you don't have a weapon, so you have to beat the game without killing anyone) so it adds replayability. Its definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,214560,7401559,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Commissar Taco [GM],"I'm honestly confused as to how more reviewers didn't pick up on the obvious control defiencies of this game. It's really well reviewed, and yet it's nowhere near as playable as it should be. What's more frustrating is that it has moments, such as when you're sneaking on a roof, throwing a dart off a gong, and strangling a distracted guard, where it really DOES feel like a great stealth game. Nonetheless, the controls hold it back, and the story's nothing to write home about despite the ""dark cartoon"" visuals and solid voice acting. It's worth playing, but hardly worth celebrating."
,Recommended,214560,9001314,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,JLHLhopkog,Really good game
,Recommended,214560,1480469,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,TobbRobb,This is 2D stealth done right. With multiple ways to tackle a scenario and an intuitive toolset. this game is lots of fun even a second time through. Just don't expect a massive challenge and have fun with the enemies.
,Recommended,214560,9005883,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,Fantastic game. If you're into stealth games at all give this a shot.
76561198003425110,Recommended,214560,8983529,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,CovertPotato,Really fun game.  Also check out Shank2 by the same developer
76561198039488869,Recommended,214560,8530539,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Bend3r,2D ninja! even better than I expected! 10/10
,Recommended,214560,727395,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,RussTech,"This is easily one of the best true stealth games ever made, and it's 2D! Sneak around in the shadows with your ever-growing arsenal of ninja weapons. The story is been there, done that, but the gameplay is absolutely stellar."
,Recommended,214560,7255625,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,nerfbabble,"One of the best stealth games I've played. Going in with no expectations, I was pleasently surprised when I played it."
,Recommended,214560,9505884,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mokaki,Best stealth game I've ever played.
,Recommended,214560,9505914,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,poopfart,"Haha, is the Mark of the Ninja a fwiggin skidmark? Hahahaha, nah, I'm just toolin' y'all. This is a pretty deece game."
,Recommended,214560,4419012,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Big Boss,"A simple, yet very intriguing game with some excellent gaming mechanics.For those of you out there who enjoy a well thought, calculated gameplay (and stealth, at that) - this is the game for you."
,Recommended,214560,6474844,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Erectile Dysfunction,"Beautiful artwork in the game, stylish 2D graphics, and the gameplay is solid, even allowing you to choose whether to be stealthy and slip by the guards, or to kill them using the skills you've learned. Brilliant and amazing."
76561198029064257,Recommended,214560,3917633,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Melloman341,"well you are a ninja and do ninja stuff, so if you like ninjas go for it"
,Recommended,214560,488828,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,kizzh,"This is a sublime game that shines a light on the likes of Thief the Dark Project and somehow comes out as a superior stealth game. The mechanics are perfect and this is easy to learn, shadows, sounds places to hide all are obvious and sneaking up on guards right before unleashing silent lethal death is so rewarding. Highly reccomended another great indie effort."
,Recommended,214560,9645246,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Dr. BadLuck,Great side scroller stealth action.
76561198050504492,Recommended,214560,9683789,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Srs Bisnis,"This game does stealth right. The controls are well-tuned, the AI is readable and you intuitively understand all the consequences of your actions. However, Mark of the Ninja falls short is where it doesn't do stealth. Yes, these sections are good for pacing the game, but they start to get infuriating when the challenge ramps up. Each time I fail a hard stealth section, I'm raring to get back into the game, but when the mediocre puzzle or platforming sections get hard I tend to just put the game down for a while."
76561198089650916,Recommended,214560,9687297,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Derrickthefish,"10/10I think that this game is superb. I love the gameplay and the story line. I highly recommend playing it full stealth and restarting whenever you get seen. The A.I. is not overly smart nor stupid. They have just the right level of intulect. The different outfits that are available are great, offering unique features that can assist different styles of gameplay. Unlike other good games, the ending is still good. The animations and gameplay are top rate and I hope to see more games like it in the future!!!"
,Recommended,214560,9688863,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Daytona24,Mark of the Ninja is a fantastic game!  It harkens back to side scrolling 2D Ninja Gaiden days with an updated look and modern feel and adds in amazing stealth action that is a blast to play from beginning to end.  Allowing you to choose how to approach each situation and actually having multiple solutions to many situations keeps things fresh throughout.  You earn new abilities even late in the game which add new gameplay elements almost into the last level.  The level of difficulty keeps things challenging yet fun from beginning to end.  The Graphics are not groundbreaking by any means but they match the game and things such as lighting storms and dust storms add to the gameplay.  Mark of the Ninja is a game that I actually probably will venture into the New Game plus at some point to keep playing.  I have not purchased the DLC for the game.  Highly recommended!
,Recommended,214560,19410627,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Schuede [BR],"JOgar como um ninja mesmo totalmente stealth, ou num modo mais insano distribuindo facadas e dardos.Jogo criativo, com visual bonito e cheio de desafios, valeu muito a compra!"
,Recommended,214560,19411861,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rico_Des_Carpates,One of the best stealth game ever. I just recommend to deactivate the developper commentary on the last level it spoils the experience a bit.
,Recommended,214560,19437300,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,solaia,"It takes a couple levels to get fully used to how the controls actually work, but this is an outstanding platforming stealth game. I've been champing at the bit for a new Tenchu but Mark of the Ninja will more than suffice for me. New Game Plus is worth a second play through of the game, if not more. I highly recommend this to any stealth or platformer loving gamer."
,Recommended,214560,19438050,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Stoikk82,"Enjoyable game!I really enjoyed this game.  It has good visuals and the gameplay is varied, you defeat opponents in different ways.  I never thought playing ninja could be so much fun.Buy this, I'm sure you won't regret it."
76561198038369707,Recommended,214560,16064200,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,360NoScope31!73,"Buy if you like ninjas, japanese folklore, and stealth games. This game has excellent graphics, art style, and plays flawlessly. Keyboard Controls make sense.. I dont like generally platform games I love this one. There is replay value.In my opinion this is a must play!91/100"
76561198006288599,Recommended,214560,19358385,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"Overall this is a great game, especially for the price. This could be because I'm a sucker for a good stealth game. Though I can't help to feel like it's missing something. But when I try to think of what it is, I come up short. The graphics are fine, the story is a tad cliche, and I feel like I'm fighting the controls sometimes (which is probably more my fault than the game's.) But it all boils down to these questions: Is the game fun? Yes. Do I want to play more games like this? Yes. Will I play it again? Most likely. And is it cheap? Hell yes. I'm going to give this game a positive 8/10."
76561198044583653,Recommended,214560,19351269,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PietaPizza,"KLEI did it again.Difficult enough, high replayability and phenominal art, of course."
76561198100041068,Recommended,214560,19429936,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,FUJIYA,cool!
76561198077799568,Recommended,214560,19426467,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Wolf Man Dan,"I do enjoy games that give you choice, play the game going stelthy, killing nobody,Or go in swords drawn and kill them all.The range of items you get means you can customise it to your play-style as well.Also has a wicked ending."
,Recommended,214560,19445506,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Oimetra,"Nice replay value to get the achievemts, decent story and controls feel good, nice art style, nice voice acting, nice soundtrack, overall everything about the game is nice, nothing great, but everything nice. So either grab on sale or pay full price if you have some bucks around."
76561198075713356,Recommended,214560,7648267,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Hex-A-Ton,For all the Stealth enthusiasts!
76561198054114310,Recommended,214560,19476218,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,zetetick23,"WOW!Now this is one of the BEST smaller scale titles of the past few years (along with other recent Gaming delights such as Isaac / Fez / Spelunky / Nuclear Throne / Ori and the Blind Forest)ALL these titles stand up to the so-called ""Triple A"" Game Devs output, in fact I believe I have more fun with these (particularly this and Ori)  than any big budget sooper-Dooper AAA $$$ fest.A FANTASTIC Stealth game with a beautiful crisp artistic design whos visuals give you (the Ninja) all the info you need instantly to do your ninja business, and in style.The play-feel is Spot on! Everything in this just FEELS Right! And importantly for a stealth game, it's just as much fun failing to stay hidden, and having to deal with the consequences with the many Ninja gadgets you have to earn thru upgrades.The Level design is Great, for exploring (although I'd like to see 'em even bigger still perhaps) and for spying your quarry and working out optimal strategies for loosing a Truckload of Ninja Kick♥♥♥♥♥on a room of Armed Goons and their Guard-Dogs....So many ways to try again when you mess up too!Definitely one of the absoloute Highpoints of the indie scenes output - you won't regret this purchase, even if stealth aint your usual Go-To genre.(also, like I say, ORI is Fantastic as well, esp if you enjoy ""Metroid-Vania"" combat platforming that just FEELS Joyously perfect to play! - Both these Games are as Great as Anything released, anywhere for any price!!)"
,Recommended,214560,19492351,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Broody_Marie,Fun stealth gameplay that can be challenging at times but worth it in the end. If you want to feel like a ninja this is the game for you!
,Recommended,214560,19492982,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Arn,"A more solid stealth game can't be found, in my opinion. Provides a lot of fun."
,Recommended,214560,19493084,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Vortex,"Nice game. But you can do nothing after you finish the game. Anyway, it is a facinating game."
,Recommended,214560,19490115,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lastsamurai0612,great i love it probly would play again and try not to kill any one now thats a challenge worth compeleting
76561198024917478,Recommended,214560,19484712,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Adremelek,One of the only ninja games out there that makes you actually feel like an awesome ninja.
,Recommended,214560,1292879,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Sha|)ini0,A 5 hour game. I've spent over 20 hours on it so far... Enough said!
,Recommended,214560,19389136,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lelou,"There has always been this special kind of thing I have for stealth games. I love them all, from Metal Gear to Dishonored, if you tell me it's a stealth game (or at least if the game allows you to play in a stealthy manner) I'll play it.I'll point this out first, the story... leaves something to be desired. The characters lack depth and the flow of it all feels so rushed but that wont hinder me from enjoying every minute of sneaking my way past guards. That being said, the game does not only limit you to sneaking. If you want, you can go in blades swinging but that's not my style and I tip my fedora to the game for letting the players choose their desired course of action. The gamplay's nice and natural and the visual aesthetics... god don't even get me started about that. I like anything that's dark and for a game to do an amazing job of using this dark aesthetic is simply amazing to me. I develop games myself in my free time and I have never quite got a good grasp on dark aesthetics. I'll probably take some notes on my second run of this game.TL;DR: The story is bad but gameplay and how the game looks more than makes up for it.8/10 ""Not enough water"" - IGN"
76561198139105189,Recommended,214560,30632092,Posted: 20 March,all,Paul,"Amazing game, good stealth michanics and it needs a sequel after they finish ""Oxygen Not Incuded"" Also it's very replayable: No kills,stealth run, all terror and if you buy the dlc you get new stuff and a mission for self."
,Recommended,214560,8905624,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,KittyKatKuddler,"Buy it!!!My favourite indie game of all times next to the Binding of Isaac and Spelunky... Awesome atmosphere, stealth action, supreme story, well-designed japano-western style comic stripe scenes and smooth gameplay make this a must-have!And it's in sales now. I bought it full price and can recommend it, as it is a 10/10."
,Recommended,214560,8905633,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Dez Caught It,The best stealth game I've ever played. Possibly the best platformer too
,Recommended,214560,911065,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Kension52,Its a as fast paced as you want to play action platformer with some puzzle. In later levels you can speed run through everyone or slowly kill everyperson in the level. If you like game like Splinter Cell/Ninja Giadan then you will enjoy this title.Art 5/5Game 4/5Story 4/5Replay 4/5Great Game a must have.
,Recommended,214560,8905823,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,DEFINITELY_FRANK,this game is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214560,2506717,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,VaderGeist,This moves like a fine automobile.  Beautiful  Color transitions and Tension transition from shadow to light.  Definatly get when under 10$.  Must buy when under 5$.
76561198047198710,Recommended,214560,8906553,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,۞PReTo۞,This game rocks!Mark of the Ninja 2 please!
,Recommended,214560,6099979,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,MichaelLC,Near perfect.
76561197971042662,Recommended,214560,8907492,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Pinfull,"Great game, 2D stealth action."
,Recommended,214560,6253715,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Drawn Owl,Highly quality stealth platformer!
,Recommended,214560,8908199,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Bane,This game was a pleasant surprise- I really enjoyed the fun gameplay and found myself playing levels over and over to get the last few seals and unlock all the bonuses.
,Recommended,214560,1980239,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Ste5e,Get this to live out all your ninja dreams.
76561197967671513,Recommended,214560,8479227,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Melvatron,"Think Tenchu in 2D, with some elements of Metal Gear Solid and Metroid thrown in.... Best action platformer I've played for yearse...."
,Recommended,214560,9032414,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,RateX,This is a really good game. It's fast paced and the graphics are amazing. Well worth the money!
,Recommended,214560,9039599,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Kurgan,"Good game, got for cheap too at the time... side scrolling stealth game..."
,Recommended,214560,9039747,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Magolith,One word: Awesome
,Recommended,214560,470002,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,KGC,"Really a nice game! Get it if you like puzzle + stealth + platform! It really reminds me alot about Abe's Oddessey, so if you liked that game, this will be a no brainer for you :)"
,Recommended,214560,9026201,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,FuntimeJones,"This game is fantastic. If I had to rate this game i would give it a 9.5/10. the only reason im not giving it a 10/10 is the story, it is weak. but the story only takes out a sliver of the gameplay."
76561197994223037,Recommended,214560,9027037,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,grilla.bigballz,It's better than Gaiden!
76561198000306313,Recommended,214560,9028603,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,apeot2002,This is the ultimate Ninja simulator. You will do awesome things with miraculous ease. You will slice through your hapless enemies like a demon or flow around them like a slight breeze and wonder why not every stealth game can feel this excellent. Must play for travelers on the Path of Sneaks.
,Recommended,214560,9054077,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,stefan burnett,"Absolutely fantastic game, having a ball playing it.The stealth works great, and it feels pretty damn cool knocking out the lights around your enemies, or hanging a guy from a lampost terrifying all his buddies into scrambling for safety and shooting anything that moves."
76561198088090279,Recommended,214560,9067921,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Schnitzel,A very well done stealth game that runs on any hardware. Where would you go wrong?(immersiveness intensifies)
,Recommended,214560,9367894,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,CromsTeeth,"Super enjoyable, well thought-out, über-fun. One of my favorite games in recent memory. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
76561198045398565,Recommended,214560,5130421,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,hyproglo,Possibly the most well designed stealth game since Chaos Theory. Highly reccomended.
76561197998410113,Recommended,214560,1819705,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,The Power of Pine-Sol,"Magnificent atmospheric stealth game.  Fluid controls and variety of gameplay make this a must have for any avid platformer gamer or stealth gamer.  Couple of player-friendly things were done here that I whole-heartedly appreciate.  You respawn from death almost instantly so you can try whatever you were trying to do again and no matter what you do to screw up a mission, nothing counts until you hit the next auto-save.  What this means is that if you are going for a high score to unlock everything or are trying to fulfill a stipulation like not being detected during a level then you get unlimited tries at every section of the mission unitl you get it right.  I'm kind of a perfectionist when it comes to stealth games and I can't stand to have my cover blown and have it follow me for the rest of the level.  It's never been easier or funner to be perfect at a stealth game and I can't say that about Splinter Cell."
,Recommended,214560,7093845,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,01Zed,"Very fun. Stealth at it's finest. Either sneak your way through, or murder them all, choice is yours, awards ether way. Also includes skill unlock tree and personalization. Sweet art rendering and nice animation."
,Recommended,214560,9370257,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,✪ Cicolas Nage,Pra quem gosta de stealth esse jogo vale a pena. Jogo em 2D e possui diversas possibilidades de estilo de jogo para conseguir completar as fases e garantir seus respectivos bônus.
,Recommended,214560,9379516,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Vayl ♥,"An incredibly interesting, satisfying, well-constructed platformer. The stealth is quite robust, the animations are interesting, and the story, while it lags at times, it's really quite thought-provoking. I didn't know what to expect from an indie game like this, but I sure as hell got my money's worth. If I had to be picky, some of the challenges can be a bit obtuse, but when you finally do figure them out, it's a fantastic feeling.I'd definitely recommend this game, but do NOT use a strategy guide. It's a lot more fun to find all the secrets and figure stuff out on your own."
,Recommended,214560,8982782,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,kamikazewave,"This game is fantastic. All the levels feel unique, and it's really fun to play different styles, all of which can work."
,Recommended,214560,9008665,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,PancakeTony,"I don't know how much more praise this game can get. Easily the best stealth game in years, i only hope the upcoming thief game can trump it. Simple sidescrolling controls, loads of brutal take downs, and multiple ways to attack every situation. Its a fantastic game and if you even remotely enjoy stealth games you owe it to yourself to play it."
,Recommended,214560,9009443,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Snow Fox,"This game gives a good chalange because despite the fact you are a awesome warrior your opponents are too, so in order to make progress through the game, some plans must be defined before you take the action. There also good itens and equipements to make your way  a litle more soft. Awesome game to kill the time.=)"
,Recommended,214560,6327992,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Caban,"This game is just WOW! It sets a new milestone for the stealth-platformers and a lot of fun =^)Also,its got a ton of features, like a carton.  Yes,a carton. Dont ask me,just play the game yourself!9.5/10 Juggs"
76561197960409779,Recommended,214560,21662,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,LaKriz,"Nice, fast paced stealth action. Very fluid gameplay and top notch gamedesign."
76561198051935387,Recommended,214560,5560462,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Magic Happening,silience~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~kill!
,Recommended,214560,1894915,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,pikko,Only if you're a die hard fan of stealth games and you don't mind playing in 2D.
,Recommended,214560,5153515,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,AnArmyOfFish,"This game does stealth better than any game I have played in recent years.  Made by the people who made Shank & Shank 2, N+, and Don't Starve.  Go buy it!  Now!"
,Recommended,214560,3506092,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,zwei,"One of the best stealth games I've played in a long while. What it lacks in length, it makes up for in difficulty and replayability. Stellar"
76561198091135154,Recommended,214560,10457787,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,pianoface9,"Beautiful art style, awesome story, amazing gameplay, Just by this amazing game, NOW!"
,Recommended,214560,1388124,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,El Niño,"Totally awesome! Engaging, addictive and replayable too! In my all-time favourite list for sure! Looks just amazing, one of the most beautiful 2D games I've ever seen. And  yeah, almost forgot the main part - it's an incredible stealth! BUY IT! It's a MUST! You're not a gamer if you haven't played this one. 100% FLAWLESS MASTERPIECE!"
76561197984396487,Recommended,214560,10612509,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Jimi Hendrix,Best 2D stealth game ever.
,Recommended,214560,4929628,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Mithras O_+,Really fun game! get it! :D8/10
,Recommended,214560,4296409,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Nightman,"I could have never imagined that a small 2D Ninja game could outplay all those other big stealth games of the past few years. The Controls are simple, the Story is not much of a big deal but has a nice twist and there are some choices where you wouldn't expect them and the graphics are just lovely. The whole gameplay is so addicting and fun and even when you finished the game you find yourself trying to beat your previous highscore or progress through the story without killing or attract the guards attention."
,Recommended,214560,9247850,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,TheArroz,"This is the best ninja game ever made. Klei has taking the 2d platformer to new heights. I first bought this for the 360 when it released day one on XBLA. I picked it up again fullprice.....why?Cause its that good. It reminds me a lot of current Batman games in 2d fashion. It is violent, bloody, excellent artwork, great music, and the lighting is very dynamic. This is really a testament to when modern tech is combined with classic gameplay...GREATNESS!Noteworth Elements-you have line of sight (this is unique to the genre)-rpg elements (akin to farcry 3 and Batman)-stealth at its best (Dishonered and Batman themes ninja style)-dynamic lighting. (darkness is your friend...you can destroy lights)-traps for the enemy.-play the game your way (Slaughter everything or kill nothing)-tons of ways to win-actually feels like a ninja-great 80s B ninja movie story....this may turn some off.-good balance to challenges-puzzles-bosses-dogs (can sniff you out)-noise detection (distract gaurds a la splinter cell style)-plenty of challenge minigames-metroidvania style levels-BUY THIS GAME! Hands down best platformer in its genre to date."
76561197994740122,Recommended,214560,9251047,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,RonRon^,Buy this game
,Recommended,214560,9167343,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,kp3rd,"NO SPOILERS!A platformer smashing together with a stealth game, Mark of the Ninja takes the best of both worlds and blends them together seamlessly. The game has a very steady progression in terms of difficulty and you will find that as enemies become stronger, your skills become better with upgrades and new abilities. The story is well told through the characters you meet and the scrolls  left for you to find. The voice work is excellent, the animations are brilliant, and the gameplay itself is smooth and responsive. This game should be played with a controller unless the player is used to playing platformers (that need quick timing) on a keyboard and mouse.Bottom line: I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I haven't had as much fun playing a stealth game since Hitman: Blood Money. This is a must for your Steam library.5 out of 5 stars"
76561198006487904,Recommended,214560,9167502,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,TruckRockpec,"This is a very well thought out stealth game, You've got multiple options when it comes to dealing with opponents, including non-lethal approaches, the soundtrack is both atmospheric and tense, and the art style is quite striking. This was worth the sticker price."
,Recommended,214560,2412588,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Drunk Russian,"Great game! For anyone with any love for stealth games, this is it!The DLC is pretty good adding good items and skills too."
76561198068663681,Recommended,214560,9169509,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Little Man Angry,Nark tf Ohe Minja
,Recommended,214560,326295,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,Kajotex,"Hey. You! Yes you! You BUY THISGAME NOW! It is awesome!It is a unique blend of 2D stealth gameplay and will be well worth the money you spend on it. If you like games like Metal Gear Solid, Assasins Creed and/or Abes Oddysee/Abe's Exoddus and want to be a badass ninja, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,214560,9172965,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Purple Yoshi Egg,"The character moves pretty much like a ninja.  If you don't understand what I'm saying, then try imagining a 2D stealth game that you could move like Samurai Jack.  If you understand that, then you should buy this game!"
76561198051077375,Recommended,214560,9173172,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,nogoodusername,Narrows the stealth genre down to its roots and focuses it into an amzing experience 10/10
76561198025019473,Recommended,214560,9175026,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Wistywist,"Fantastic story, gameplay and aesthetics. truly a beautiful game and i highly reccomend it to both story enthuisiasts and stealth enthusiasts alike"
,Recommended,214560,7020866,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,[HUE]Alt+F4 RageQuit,Well worth it... pick it up
76561198023595905,Recommended,214560,9176007,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,JewFroGerman,"While I played the two Shank games I wasn't too fond of them. Klei's third game, Mark of the Ninja is quite spectactular though. You play as a ninja who sneaks across gorgeous, sprawling 2D playgrounds, choosing who or when to kill however you see fit. There's a whole manner of items and weapons you cna utilize as a master ninja, like darts to get rid of light sources, or as a distraction. There are some puzzles sprinkled throughout that use lasers and platforms in a smart use. There are a variety of challenges to partake in for each level and plenty of upgrades to unlock creating plenty of replay value, along with the stellar New Game + mode for a nice challenge. All in all it's a beefy stealth experience with plenty to do that I can recommend to almost any gamer, just prepare to be sneaky and to use your wits, not your muscles."
,Recommended,214560,800261,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Banzai,"Great game, learning to stealth instead of kill is a touch hard but once you have it, it makes accomplishing the goals more rewarding.Try it while it's on sale! :)"
,Recommended,214560,9178051,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,TheOzguy,The best stealth based ninja game ever made!  Plan your kills and hide bodies to be a true ninja!
76561197963735578,Recommended,214560,160922,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,BODYSLAM,"Straightforward and extremely fluid. This game is right on target. At first glance, I thought it would be too simple of a ""THAT STEALTH"" game, but everything is smoothly laid out and leveled.The only real negative point for me is the VERY forgiving checkpoints."
76561198035291105,Recommended,214560,8729607,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,duartepedreno,"Great game, beautiful art and animation, wonderful controls and gameplay. It's a new step for stealth games, and would love if Klei made a sequel or some sort of spin-off. The story has its charm, though it's no narrative breakthrough. It has a good twist, though, that makes up for a weak silent protagonist.Still, it's the gameplay that keeps bringing me back (controller will be by far the better option) and the freedom of approach and different goals that lead you to play the game with distinct play styles.The best ninja game ever since Tenchu."
,Recommended,214560,1029388,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Ξ.T.,"This game is so EPIC!!! Ninja love! You can complete it all stealthy with no kills, or assassinate everyone with all sorts of different tools and tricks; and it has two endings! What a pretty game, pretty cool game 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,22219376,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Golden Freeman,"I don`t even like stealth games, but this one is just awesome. It should be mentioned that I left the game on over night by mistake so my time played is probably about 20 hours longer than I actually played, but I have beaten the game and it has a lot of replayability."
76561198097517579,Recommended,214560,22217907,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,theSADISTICone,an outstamding game with a magnificent ending get it now
76561198293908080,Recommended,214560,22227650,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,dbasile,"One of my favorite stealth games. Great gameplay, interesting story, great replay value, great art."
76561198035290819,Recommended,214560,4299867,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Mr. crazydude,pretty darn awesome!
76561198166851909,Recommended,214560,30754873,Posted: 26 March,all,absi,"Play, play, play,... if you're into stealth games, it's definitly worth it. Cool story, cool, anmiations and a lot of cool ways, to kill enemies, if you want to. I didn't get that much out of a plattformer so far.10/10peace"
,Recommended,214560,22367566,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Aegeri,"In my opinion, this is one of the best stealth games ever created and is almost mechanically perfect. Mark of the Ninja works because it combines perfect information, with a fantastic 2D artstyle and an incredibly tight set of controls as well. This is all successful because of how well Mark of the Ninja conveys if you are or aren't visible or capable of being detected by enemies. Any time you can't be seen, your character has a dark silhouette and this means that you're basically invisible to most enemies (unless they put a flashlight or other light source on you). When you're in full obvious color, this means that an enemy can see you at their maximum visual range and you're no longer hidden. This simple, but extremely effective mechanic is the key to making Mark of the Ninja an extremely fair and non-frustrating stealth game.Combine this with the aforementioned extremely tight control scheme, excellent puzzle solving segments and compelling stealth kills (including an hilarious one from a box) and the overall package is incredibly well designed. The levels are also large, expansive and give you plenty of options for how you want to approach things. Just about everything you want to do is rewarded, including sneaking past and not killing anyone (if you choose). The sheer number of options for terrorizing, sneaking past, distracting or outright murdering guards can give a lot of replayability, as well as hidden scrolls and items to find.Overall this is just an extremely fun and immensely well designed stealth games, that others in its genre need to learn a lot from. I can't recommend this game more if you're into 2D side scrolling games, with a bit of light puzzle solving and creative mechanics for trolling/murdering the AI guards."
76561198075871336,Recommended,214560,22314087,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,give that big pussy some air,♥♥♥♥ing 10/10
,Recommended,214560,605990,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Weezley,"Stealth gaming honed to its 2-dimensional essence. Level-specific goals and scoring, along with varied equipment builds encourage you to try different approaches. My first play-through was a 10+ hours, and there's a new game + mode..."
76561198126709917,Recommended,214560,22388324,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Mr Garvey,havent played to much yet but so far loving it
,Recommended,214560,22253524,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Creep (Subby),"If you've ever pondered the art of the kill and like to hide in the shadows just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, this game could be for you."
76561198203590952,Recommended,214560,22445061,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Wolffe,"An excellently crafted steath game, would reccomend to anyone"
76561198129581148,Recommended,214560,22301226,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,bonnydas22,"Apart from the fact that ""mark of the ninja' is a beautifully crafted Stealth-Action/Adventure game with differnt gadgets to use to outwit or kill your enemies. This game is smart and a addictive 2D platformer. I would recommend it to anybody."
,Recommended,214560,22333432,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Masakari,"I may not have beaten the game yet, but I think I have played enough to warent giving it a review.  In my personal opinion... This game does steal better than Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.  If you like steath games, pick this one up.  You won't regreat it."
76561198028490594,Recommended,214560,22308355,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Chunk Spadoodie,Really fun stealth game with an interesting atmosphere and story to boot. You can't go wrong with this one.
,Recommended,214560,22389292,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,oofle,Awesome campaign. Greatt weapons. Amazing art.Once you master the skills of a ninja. You must mastter the speed of the ninja.Go fast. Go silent.
,Recommended,214560,22386334,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐,"One of the best stealth games ever! So many ways to approach things, huge levels with multiple paths and secret rooms, great story and terror system! There's nothing more satisfying than watching terrified guards killing off each other! This should be implemented in every other stealth game!"
,Recommended,214560,2447186,"Posted: 18 November, 2012",all,motorcobra,Exceeded any and all expectations.
76561197966755742,Not Recommended,214560,21680642,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[uV}Kilo11,"This game was built for Xbox, not PC, when they ported they didnt bother converting the control notifications in game. I cant use the sword, its saying to hold left or right then hit X as if I was using an Xbox controller, but doesnt tell me what keyboard key is assigned to the command. I tried every key listed in the keybinding menu and nothing works. I have no dout the game is probably awesome but I cant find out. Before anyone says ""just Google how"" , I shouldnt have to. The game should be properly setup to tell me how. Call me stubborn but games built for another platform need to have their control notifications updated properly. If this were built for PS4 first then ported to Xbox they would have to update it properly, so why not when being ported to PC?"
76561198051194348,Recommended,214560,30724820,Posted: 25 March,all,Chance,"Great stealth-based 2-D platformer.Really nice art style coupled with intelligent level design and fun mechanics. There's a bit of progression that aims to support different playstyles but it doesn't diversify the gameplay too much (not a bad thing).The developer commentary is actually one of the few I have bothered to read and the time, effort and love the devs put into the game really shines throughout."
,Recommended,214560,21538963,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
76561198079588849,Recommended,214560,8848360,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,dahorseboy,Really fun stealth game with a variety of weapons and game mechanics that make you want to return to it multiple times!!
,Recommended,214560,8745100,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,emad06,"Oh man, a masterpiece of stealth action; beautiful, meticulous, engaging."
,Recommended,214560,2165209,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Camacho Valentine,"If you like gameplay based around stealth, this is the game for you. Tight controls mixes with just the right amount of challenge to create one hell of a good game."
76561198024974746,Recommended,214560,8747689,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,CurtisAwesome,Addictive as hell.  I am so ninja.
,Recommended,214560,8749284,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,btcrj,This game awsome i play ever!
76561198078796568,Recommended,214560,6897549,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,michael_zedan,cool. mas nao consigo jogar
,Recommended,214560,1482226,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Darkstar,Stealth games should all be this good...
,Recommended,214560,1416405,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Buhlaine,"Such a great stealth game, lovely art, awesome gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,8838039,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Gojan,"May be one of the best if not the best side scrolling game of all time.The stealth mechanics reminds me of the splinter cell games for mobile phones but this gamedoes it better by allowing you to hang your enemies and make them lose their minds through fear.The different costumes(paths) of a ninja gives this game a whole lot of variety for completing each levelwhich also allows you to get achievements more easily than when using the other ninja.This is a great game, don't miss it."
76561198005736079,Recommended,214560,2324554,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Feenix,"A surprisingly good stealth ninja game. If you've ever wanted to ninja things stealthily, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,214560,4828576,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Iggi,"Awesome game.  Set as a stealth, sneaky type game, where getting caught will typically get you killed, this game comes with a variety of items and abilities to help you get past specific areas.  There are upgrades you unlock throughout your game, such as different ways to kill people, or extra items to distract enemies with, among other things.  I played it with a controller myself, and have recently complete it, but there is a new game+ option that adds even more difficulty.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,214560,9153513,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,StumpsonianV,"Most games that I have played that have a 'stealth' component make it feel mandatory, or tacked on. Mark of the Ninja does neither, incorporating it fully, and beautifully, into every aspect of the game, or letting you forego the sneakiness altogether.When I played, the fluidity of the ninjas movements felt great. There were times I almost felt like a ninja, taunting guards that passed by me in the darkness. Instant respawning makes learning from your mistakes easy, or increases your frustration exponentially (I only rage quit once or twice, I swear).I bought this on sale with the DLC, but I would recommend it at full price. The developer commentary available throughout is very interesting, and allows you to see how much love went into the game.Completely recommend this game, don't wait for a sale, play now!"
76561198036092059,Recommended,214560,4369580,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,askoth,I thought it was impossible to make a stealth game in a 2d platform game. Not only they did it but they also made it with awesome animations and art style. It reminds me of shinobi games and some others but even more fun!
76561197971039265,Recommended,214560,9090204,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,uberpixie,Gem of a game.
,Recommended,214560,4444981,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,mupheminsani,"I haven't played this much addictive game for a long time. I mean, animations, even musics and mechanics of course, pretty much everything in the game goes smoothly. At first, you may feel that you're about to play just another average indie game but surprisingly Mark of the Ninja offers it's gamers a quite solid play time. So, I can easily recommend Mark of the Ninja to you guys. If you're a platformer and you like solving puzzles and stealthy games, you should definitely try this one."
,Recommended,214560,366431,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,Ryan,"By far the best side scroll action game I've played in a while.  On top of that, one of the better stealth games I've played... if not the best.  Very polished animations and cutscenes.  I love the artwork."
,Recommended,214560,9095748,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,gametacular,"Mark of the Ninja is an incredibly fun and addictive game. Whether you like to stealthily move through the shadows and slip past enemies utilizing Batman-esque accessories, or you simply want to leave a trail of death and destruction in your wake - this game has something to offer for just about anyone. The story is simple, earnest and intriguing - not hard to follow for even the most casual of gamer. PLAY IT ALREADY."
,Recommended,214560,9162712,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Yes I Eat The Fish,dis game taught me the spirit of friendship and how to successfully kill white people 10/10
,Recommended,214560,9163128,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,mecrutio30,A must own game hands down
76561198030065767,Recommended,214560,9135689,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sir Lagalot,If you like sneaking around and feel like a real bad♥♥♥♥♥in a two dimensional world. then try it!
76561198030022495,Recommended,214560,9136598,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Xyogan,"Rarely do I enjoy a game so much that I'll keep playing it until I get all the achievements.  This is the first game in a very long time that I've done just that.  It's well worth $15, and the DLC is worth the $5 as well."
76561198030882287,Recommended,214560,8703151,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,outsidespace,"This game is cool.It can serve as a lesson on how to do a simple stealth game.You are a ninja and you can eliminate your enemies in many ways either by an accident or by killing them.Controls are very responsive and easy to learn,graphics is simple 2d platformer with interesting story and a new game plus where you start again but with all upgrades that you bought before in game.In short I recommend this game for any stealth fan out there,it is definitely worth it,price is very low for a great game."
,Recommended,214560,8705983,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Papa Oscar,"My God, this game.It is utterly enjoyable, 100% singleplayer, and has some looks. ;)The artwork of this game is just terrific! The cinematics are in a style, so you're forced to watch the whole thing, even if the 'skip' button is screaming for attention. Hanging guards, so are guards begin to shoot eachother? beautiful, just beautiful.A storyline like it is our own history!Oke, I might be exaggerating a bit.But serious, You should really buy it, it's awesome-A"
,Recommended,214560,121731,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Orion,Great sneak / action game!
76561198021008581,Recommended,214560,3335191,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Vi eS,ONE OF THE BEST 2D GAMES OF OUR TIME!
,Recommended,214560,10635,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,G_0,"This game is a fun sidescroller that will seriously ramp up the difficulty level before you are done with it. Play as the Ninja you want to be! Go full on stealth Ninja style, or blood-thirsty Kill Bill style. The game has great play mechanics however you want to approach it. With a convincing story, upgrades and secrets, MotN has everything a sidescroller needs, plus that little extra. Took about 5 hours to complete."
,Recommended,214560,2092533,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Rage,This game is worth 15 bucks...grab it quick while it's on sale!
76561198083265390,Recommended,214560,7028963,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Baal Avatar,its tight ya feel me
76561198055640238,Recommended,214560,5855407,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,davegroom7,if you want a good stealth game get this. it kicks♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214560,5377186,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Damage Trade,This game is SO WORTH IT. The amount of stealthlyness in this game is delightful with stealth-kills. Sneaking around tring to assassinate guards and throwing their dead bodies at their friends. Or you can do what I do and completely rush through the levels murdering everyguard that comes into sight.
76561198010113645,Recommended,214560,2618262,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Special Ed,Ninja awesomeness!
,Recommended,214560,8794719,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,~9*DeMoN,Mark of the Ninja has to be one of the best indie games I have played I would put it up there with the likes of Braid. The game is very well polished and runs extremely well with fluid movement and interaction. The character improvement and replayability makes the game worth every penny. If you have Mark of the Ninja in your library and are yet to play it I suggest you do. It plays best with a 360 Pad.9 out of 10.
,Recommended,214560,8686213,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Areios,"9,5/10 Game almost perfect. In my opinion so far the best game from Klei Entertaiment."
,Recommended,214560,8796049,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Alarion Irisar,"This is a fantastic stealth game that does everything right. You've got clear information about all the guards, actions and noise, and the controls are very precise. There are multiple approaches to almost any situatuion, and the story is pretty good and gets a surprisingly interesting and novel ending. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,8952711,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,cjy7877,"1. Ninjas.2. Simple and beautiful artwork, fluid movements make the game feel so smooth like the skin of an elf.3. Different ""classes/costumes"" with their own pros and cons to suit your style.4. Finished the game? Go for new game+, where everything is so much harder.Done that too? Play the whole game again using another ""class"".Rinse and repeat until you get bored of it.Unfortunately, yes, you will get bored of it since there isn't much to do after you've played through the game over and over using every possible combination of ""classes"" and ninja tools.This game gives you at least 10 hours of fun. At least."
76561198018311273,Recommended,214560,9114375,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mako Shark,"If you are a fan of splinter cell, or stealth games in general, you will defintely enjoy this game.  It has the all the essential aspects of stealth and rewards you with staying hidden.  You can go in a kill all the enemy if you choose to however, but you cannot go in guns blazing, as you will be left for dead.  I recommend this game highly to anyone who wants a game they can pick up, have fun straight away and enjoys great lighting and visuals.I have played this game currently for 5 hours now, and I do not regret my purchase and I encourage all to buy this game.  You will not be disappointed.5/5 Stars.Thank you!"
76561198030807234,Recommended,214560,9121082,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Basitei,Simple yet good. Has a lot of good qualities and gameplay makes it more enjoyable. Definitely a must play!
,Recommended,214560,9049325,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Peregrine,"This is easy the best Ninja game of the 21st century. Stellar platforming and stealth action with a saturday morning cartoon animation that just oozes style from its crisp, 2D artwork. A masterful refresh of a long stale genre."
76561198047515778,Recommended,214560,9050029,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Calgore,"Mark of the Ninja is a refreshing return to the classic stealth genre.  It is nice to play a game that is true stealth game instead of stealth/action or some other marrying of genres with stealth.  The game allows you to have various experiences depending on what style of play you choose.  You may choose to play completely stealthy with no killing or you may want to stealth kill all enemies and hide the bodies.  The use of different ""ninja paths"" as well as scroll searching and scoring challenges allow for a tremendous amount of replayability.  In addition to these features the game offers a ""new game plus"" mode which allows you to play through the entire game again with all of your abilities unlocked.  I have currently spent more than 25 hours in the game trying to one hundred percent it along with completing all achievements and I still have another couple of hours to go.  I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys this genre of game."
,Recommended,214560,9050643,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,~Le Pony Lord,"Ok, Mark of The Ninja (bought the special edition bundle) is one of those games that I knew were going to be good. But I didn't expect it to be THIS good.I'll start with the graphics: 2-D, not the most demanding graphics ever, but the incredible art style and great animation made this game stand out. Before this one, I didn't actually play too many 2-D platformer games (even less combined with stealth), but God this is awesome. To see this beautiful game on action is great! Maybe a little bit too dark in its aesthetics, but it is about ninjas hiding in the dark, so...Now, control-wise: Holy mother of Tenchu, this has a great control. Any mistake you make is YOURS. This means that the controls are tight and responsive, you never feel like there is a cheap death and you can get out of any situation using your skills. Maybe my only complain would be the fact that the abilities are not hotkeyed; you have to press 1-4 and then ""Q"" to use it. This was something that made me die a couple of times (freaking stalkers).Music is amazing, the sound design is superb and is really something that I loved. You really have to give them credit for the ambient sounds.Story is not so good (predictable) but it doesn't fail to deliver with some great moments and even a point of view of why the main villain became who he is now.Replay value? A lot! Specially with all the achievements and challenges (and if you get the Special Edition DLC bundle, you'll have even more with Dosan's Story).I recommend this game to anyone who's into stealth games, platformers, art or Tenchu.8.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,9051401,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,putoputoking,"Recommended. Mark of the Ninja brings the element and the gameplay of a ninja to a higher level through the careful use of sounds, ninja tools and the abilities of the ninja.The levels are not repetitive and the players were given different choice of strategy to use in order to complete the stage / get past a guard / bloody assassinate your way through the game.The ninja tools taken with you in the beginning of the levels limited a number of playstyle of the 1st few stages. A sort of flaggy thing that gives the player the chance to change their ninja tools and mark in later gameplays makes it even more interestingIf the maker can alter or implement a mechanics such as random behaviour of guards when on patrol would prove this game even more challenging and real.Overall a i would give a 10 out of 10"
,Recommended,214560,9052700,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,MKors,"If you like stealth game, you will get a lot of fun in this game. Trying to hide from enemies and killing them when they are not looking at you.  This is an amazing game, even though the controls are bit confusing sometimes. 8/10."
,Recommended,214560,9108231,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Owari-no-splee,"You play as a nameless Ninja who is Tattoed with cursed ink, ink that gives the weaer almost supernatural abilities but, at the same time, drivers the user mad. Legend says that the bearer of the ink must kill themselves at the end of their mission for their honor and their own sanity. The game's artsytle is very gorgoues and cartoony but the gameplay is where the game shines. The game rewards stealth and you can go levels without being detected or killing a single guard. You must be careful around enemy as even your running can be loud, and noise attracts attention. Pulling off small quick time events near an unsuspecting enemy can cause a steath kill, killing the an enemy without them so much as making a peep. There are helpful ninja tools that help cater to a stealthy or deadly play styles, such as a smoke ball or spike trap. These tools, as well as your own abilities, can be upgraded as well, depending on how many skill points one gets in a level. Skill points are granted by reaching a certain score, completing optional objectives, or collecting scrolls that tell about the clan which are in each level. This game makes you feel like a badass with every kill or stealthy bypass you make. While the story is a bit lack luster, the graphics, and gameplay overall, make this game work a pick up!"
76561198027428173,Recommended,214560,8727375,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,[:D] CookieMan!!!!,"This is a great game!The gameplay is addictive, the story is pretty interesting and the art style of the game is very special!I will say that it can be a beat boring some times, if they had some kind of special chambers where you do things you wouldn't do in the story, that would be great. The game has special chambers but in them you do the same things you would do in the story.Overall,I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,214560,8723820,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SakanaUshi,"Mark of the Ninja is by far the best stealth game I've ever played, and is in the top ten best games I've played, period.  It offers a stealth experience that is both challenging and rewarding, can be fast-paced but never needs to be, and does not penalize the player for avoiding confrontation.  There are several ""paths"" that the player can unlock as they progress, each of which offers strengths and weaknesses to suit different playstyles.  Some emphasize stealthy kills, others offer more ways to dominate and terrorize your opponents, and a few sacrifice offense in favor of stealth and speed.  Due to the variety of paths and items, the game is incredibly replayable, and it can be quick fun to just pick a level and goof off, tormenting guards and creating challenges for oneself.  I played through with keyboard and mouse initially, but the game plays quite well with the Xbox controller as well--again, there are pros and cons to both.  I highly recommend this game, especially since it can be picked up for a song when it goes on sale."
76561198066039560,Recommended,214560,8917126,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Wolfasaur,AMAZING GAME! Stunning visuals and smooth controls make up for the lack of good story. I would gice this game one of the highest honors of awesomeness!
76561197971641122,Recommended,214560,8917366,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Plüschtier,"Plays a lot like the stealth sections of Batman: Arkham Asylum/City/Origins, except in 2D and with a lot more variety. One of those games that makes you want to get every level right perfectly. Played through it in a breeze, but will definitely come back to it in the future."
76561198032454051,Recommended,214560,8918119,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Tiresias,"I hate stealth games. HATE HATE stealth games.I hate stealth games that assume I'm totally fine waiting around for literally 5 minutes for the guard to pass, only to hit the wrong button, die, go back to the cut scene, and have to wait literally another 5 minutes for that same guard to walk by again.I hate that fake 'realism', where I can step on a twig and alert every single guard ever created, but I can't hide behind a tree, because it's not the right KIND of tree (except when it is the right kind of tree.)'Mark of the Ninja' dispenses with all of that stealth junk. Or, rather, most of it; it keeps the elements of stealth that involves things like thinking, planning, and you know, a bit of quick wits. It boils stealth down to its barest elements, and what's left is a white-knuckle tight combination of skill and strategy.Oh, and it is absolutely beautiful as well.So, basically, it is like the Platonic ideal of a stealth game. A+, 5 stars."
76561198023561919,Recommended,214560,8918374,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,inmate0eternal,Great game great price currently.
76561198044771707,Recommended,214560,8919562,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Berioth,"I was afraid to buy it at full price, possibly because of my steam sales syndrome, so after it went 75% off, i instantly bought the special version and theres only one thing i can say...it would have been worth the full price as well, amazing game, gives you truly a feeling of being in a stealth mission, giving you options of how you want to finish the mission, lethal? go nuts, murder everyone using your arsenal of stealth kills and attack items that give great variety. Non-lethal? no problem, you can avoid fights altogether if you blend with shadows and make good use of your distraction items.Overall, incredibly worth it, even more so at 75% off, the DLC only adds more to it(in the form of 1 extra mission, 1 extra path and new items)"
,Recommended,214560,2337861,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,DireMuffin,"This game I sat and played through to perfection. It's pretty, it's fun, it's clever, and it's a great experience."
,Recommended,214560,18674780,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,birdymcbrain,Mark of the Ninja is one of the best stealth games I played. It's challenging but fun at the same time and I love the stealth takedown moves in the game.  Highly recommend this game to everyone even players who aren't the stealth type.
76561198225245060,Recommended,214560,18730861,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DEXTER,Very nice game!!
,Recommended,214560,18727181,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Nyoraia,Very awesome game!I recommend it to everyone who likes stealth and platformers.
,Recommended,214560,18722800,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Luqe,Simply a must have for fans of stealth games
,Recommended,214560,18719392,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Clever Username,Better than most 3d stealth games I've played.
,Recommended,214560,18804372,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,☁,it's a good stealth game
76561198094535826,Recommended,214560,18803533,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MikeBoi420,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is so good my fav ATM buy this game asap
76561198078141553,Recommended,214560,18773505,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,I'm Red Panda,"This game is my most loved stealth game to date, smooth controls, great progression system and most important of all stealth is mandatory, it isn't and option like most ''stealth'' games if you don't use it you won't get through the level easily. it represents the way of the ninja perfectly not as some super trained one man army but, as a alone, stealthy assassin at times (seeing as you get huge bouses for not killing anyone on levels)."
76561198019576097,Recommended,214560,18782673,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,FullMetal,"I hate stealth...BUT THIS ONE IS AMAZING!Great mechanics and an awesome replay value, so many ways to kill... try it all!!!!A bit easy, but just because you have lots of ways to do your job."
,Recommended,214560,18779491,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,GingerRoss,A brilliant stealth title.
76561198068429241,Recommended,214560,18786426,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,†Crimson Ghost†,this game is awesome!
,Recommended,214560,18771567,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Interactive,"I usually dont play a lot of stealh-type games,but this one is AMAZING!Highly recommended...BUY IT :)10/10"
76561198165194610,Recommended,214560,18776308,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ratamahatta,Really awesome stealth game
,Recommended,214560,18572762,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,a cat in space,"Awesome.  Stealth based game that actually lets you use your brain and do things in as many ways as you can imagine.  For any given room you infiltrate, there are like 10 different ways of getting it done.  It's even fun replaying old levels just trying to remain undetected the whole time.Art style is great, and what little music I've heard isn't flashy, but good for the atmosphere. Controls are intuitive and easy to learn, and the sound effects are satisfying.  Play this game nerds."
76561197996420524,Recommended,214560,18603501,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Banksy,"This one's my favorite stealth game ever!  Stealth feels natural, different costumes make the gameplay change up a lot!"
,Recommended,214560,18602658,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Oni,"THE GOOD:- True stealth gameplay where it's genuinely possible and even encouraged to go clean, total stealth- Decent controls- Complex levels that encourage creative solutions to stealth problems- Great sound and music- Great artistic style and animation- Decent level of customization with equipment- Caters to a plethora of different play stylesTHE BAD:- Context controls sometimes get out of hand- Some puzzle sequences rely too much on trial and error- There's barely a story- Bad and repetitive voice acting- Boring cutscenesTHE GIST:- If you're like me and you view Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory as the perfect stealth game, then you'll probably like this one. Just keep in mind that it's 2D. I got it on sale for like $4, but I would have easily paid $8-$10 for this game."
,Recommended,214560,18707997,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,RedSam,"Fun, easy-enough to play casually and hard-enough to keep wanting more. Best 2d sneak game I`ve played so far. Definately worth your money."
,Recommended,214560,18677534,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Reaver,"Play this masterpiece, then we'll talk."
76561198001584035,Recommended,214560,18680055,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,BobMammoth,"Fantastic platform stealth game. Lots of pathways, lots of killing techniques, lots of distraction techniques and some challenging optional items to collect. I strongly recommend."
,Recommended,214560,18718485,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,tettsui77,"This game, simply put, is AMAZING.  I don't really like stealth games usually -- I'm a kid of the 80's arcades, and I want ACTION.  But ""Mark of the Ninja"" gives it to me in all the ways I like it, while also being an absolutely immaculate stealth game.  And you know what?  I've actually ended up getting MOST of the stealth-related achievements at this point, which really says a lot about the game.  I just don't have that kind of patience for the most part.The game controls like Ninja Gaiden wished it could, with the addition of a grappling hook and said stealth elements.  It really does feel like being a fkn ninja when you play this game, and for anyone of my generation (I am 31) I think I can speak soundly for all of us in saying THAT is a good feeling! :)Anyway, watch the videos, read the other reviews, etc. etc. if you want to know more about the gameplay.  The game has excellent UI and controller support (how I've been enjoying the game myself) and a fully-featured options menu, so that's really all you need to know there.ALSO, the DLC content is exceptional as well.  Although at writing I have yet to finish the main game (tho I *am* on the final mission), I finished the main DLC chapter months ago -- and it was also very, very good.  The additional weapons and unlockable content translate over to the main game as well, so I wanted to mention that.  IMO the entire thing is a VERY solid buy."
,Recommended,214560,1282140,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Gustoso,Epic plattform and stealth game...FEEL LIKE A REAL NINJA!
76561197993484143,Recommended,214560,1464642,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,Father Major,"Stealth 2d Platforming at it’s best. Orgy of fun and tactics.  Ninja assassins. Who doesn’t like Ninja’s!?  Only problem are the control schemes.  (Once customized, can easily be forgiven) And story isn’t anything amazing. But if you fancy Stealth gameplay similar to such great hits as Thief and Metal Gear Solid. It’s a must."
,Recommended,214560,9100635,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jimmy Jazz,"A really nice game. A stealth platformer, quite challenging even if not really hardcore; the ability to resume at checkpoints to avoid mistakes maybe makes it a little easier than it was supposed to be.Unfortunately after the first completion of the game the player is most likely not to play it again, but i think that's up to personal tastes. Anyway, even for its  standard ~10 hours long gameplay the game is well worth the money."
,Recommended,214560,9103738,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,BenJammin,great sidescroller
76561197969476136,Recommended,214560,356136,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,IntrepidusX,"It's a side scroller stealth game where you play a ninja, I don't understand why you are still reading. This time would be better spent playing mark of the ninja."
76561198027229939,Recommended,214560,8892767,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Salakar (ERKEL),"Best stealth-ninja game i played so far.many way to finish the level with the objective you need to complete. it all depend on your play-stylegreat game, a must :)"
,Recommended,214560,8893814,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,thesunscreen,"In a class of its own, really I struggle when trying to name another game like it.Very high quality and it's really such a versatile game. Levels and sections of the game have such a broad range/scope it never gets old or boring. Like many AAA-titles actually does nowawdays.I can't but recommend it. And hope this developer keeps on delivering, perhaps even greater milestones?"
76561197995479351,Recommended,214560,1620884,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,apparatur,Awesome Ninja Action :) The game has got some really sophisticated mechanics and really gread art- and level design. Whatever it is that doesn't let me stop playing. Addictive!
76561198010765103,Recommended,214560,8851067,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DefconUnicorn,"One of the best stealth action games available.This game is amazing, the developers got everything spot on for a game of this genre. The mouse and keyboard controls are very well done, simple yet effective. the graphics are perfect for the feel the game was going for. the story is interesting enough to not be completely written off. overall I would strongly recommend this game to anyone that likes action games, and if you're interested in stealth action, this game is a must have."
76561198087109977,Recommended,214560,8851709,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,HunterPlasma1,What I consider the perfect stealth platformer.The parkour and the difficulty go together perfectly.I've never felt more satisfied taking enemies down one-by-one!
,Recommended,214560,197779,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,fullman,great stealth game!
,Recommended,214560,8786771,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,stormbringrr,Merges all the good feelings of nostalgia from my youth with modern graphics and gameplay!
,Recommended,214560,5231899,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,[PoN] Spark,"Do not be fooled by the simplicity of the graphics–this is the *most* real to life stealth game I have ever played, and I've played a lot.Incredibly fun and addictive."
76561197973269805,Recommended,214560,621648,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Lurq,"Unexpectedly fun for someone that absolutely hated the first Prince of Persia. Here comes Mark of the Ninja, the most fun I've had in a game in a while. The comic style art and animation is awesome and the levels are so much fun!Stealth or Kill or why not both?!"
76561198088765575,Recommended,214560,8790610,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Shadow of Obama,"The 2D graphics may put you off, but Mark of the Ninja is a stealth game just as much as Thief or Hitman. Your bamboo darts can take out likes or distract guards. You can hide in vents or behind doors and pull people in for a stealth kill. And, of course, it's possible to beat nearly every level without killing a single man. Possibly most enticing, though, is the light system that perfectly balances the ninja's ability to blend with the shadows without making guards seem incompetent. Mark of the Ninja is a one of a kind stealth experience that other stealth- or indeed, any 2D game- devoloper should attempt to emulate."
76561198028857189,Recommended,214560,8791688,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,BDizzle,A great game all the way through.  Definitly worth the few bucks it costs.
76561198071820451,Recommended,214560,8792112,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Bearplane,"It's about time there was a good stealth platformer. The story is a little predictable and lacking, but the gameplay is great."
76561197990045164,Recommended,214560,8866152,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Umbra_Latro34,"Great game, really fun, really just great"
,Recommended,214560,9011069,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,inexia,"Cause you be like sneaky sneaky, SCHNIKT! Shh shh shh! Is okay... And then they be like gone.. So yeah!"
76561198025800049,Recommended,214560,8440431,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dark Shaman 667,"The game looks nice, controls are okay. The vision can be irritating at first, because you only see 1/4 of the screen clearly (in the direction your ninja is looking), but you will get used to it. The whole game is relatively dark, but you can clearly distinuish enemies and objects from the background. You earn experience points to unlock moves (mostly to kill) and new tool for stunning and killing.It feels great to sneak around and tackle obstacles using different strategies. I like the lethal and non-lethal option you have when encountering your enemies best.My own opinion on this: Best 2D game I have played in a long time! Didn't play through a second time yet, but it is so worth it. There are some bugs in this game, especially in the last level, but yeah. I don't really care, because it is so much fun!"
,Recommended,214560,9019475,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Max,good game
76561198078364380,Recommended,214560,8912026,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Mr_Strawberry,Amazing stealth 9/10 would reccomend it for ninja fans !
76561197989765842,Recommended,214560,8912047,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Mel.com,Psychospiele mit Feinden veransalten is sehr genial
76561197992823467,Recommended,214560,8913305,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Duke,Excellent game ! Love it
,Recommended,214560,8914137,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Maxi Satan,"Very good infiltration / platformer, many differents playstyle, pretty art.10/10 would bang"
,Recommended,214560,4024450,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Trofast,"I sense this game will get my alltimehigh of games played, eventually. I'm loving it! Best game fall of 2012. (BUY IT NOW ON SALE. I would easily have brought it for double.)"
76561197999814419,Recommended,214560,8915179,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Immortan Jonny,"2-D Splinter Cell with ninjas, what more can I say?"
,Recommended,214560,2285240,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,kara35,"If you like stealth and thrill,Thats THE GAME!"
76561198081095530,Recommended,214560,8960301,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,GAMER OF BANANA,Mark of the Ninja is quite a good stealth based ninja game. :)
,Recommended,214560,8960432,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MutantSloth,Best Steath game ever! 10/10 recomended
,Recommended,214560,1409618,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,Flayer 1,"It's rare to find a game that achieves everything it set out to do. Mark of the Ninja does it without compromise.Every aspect of the game is pulled of flawlessly, and remarkably.The stealth/action oriented gameplay feels very responsive. Mechnics are introduced at a stealily keeping gameplay fresh and enjoyable. Unlockable items, weapons and outfits add to the replay value. Each level offers a great deal of choice to the player in how they go about achieving objectives.The art style is simply gorgeous, and the music and sound are equally pleasing.Mark of the Ninja is perfect.It's also cheap.Buy it now. That is all."
76561198074880487,Recommended,214560,8755756,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,typomania,"I'm not a huge fan of platformers, but this game is one of the best I've ever played. The controls are easy to use, and the game is pretty intuitive. It's a really good stealth puzzle/platformer game that should be an guide for future games of this genre."
76561198003631153,Recommended,214560,8757201,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,saturnz,c'est génial !!!!
,Recommended,214560,8778833,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,OisacX,"One of the best game I played in a long time. Easy controls, normal pace, some puzzles and action in the dark."
76561197997734385,Recommended,214560,8779230,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Si,"Extremely well done 2D stealth. Tons of fun, well polished.Friendly to many different play styles (and fun to try each)"
76561197993433180,Recommended,214560,1458966,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Dstolt,"I'm new to the stealth game genre, but this game was a fantastic introduction to it.  Everything is animated beautifully, and the gameplay is quite solid.  I especially enjoy the variety of ways in which you can get through any given level - there are almost always two paths to follow, and a wide array of tactics you can employ to progress along any given path.  The story is also very cool."
76561197996886612,Recommended,214560,1716754,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Rik,"I'm still not sure which character is Mark, but this game is good."
,Recommended,214560,8763111,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Shrogadunter,"This game has quickly turned into one of my favorites! The storyline is beautifully done and the artistry that went into the game fits amazingly well. The Team put this masterpiece together very well. The gameplay is unique to me as I'm not as experienced with Stealth games. It's very entertaining, the amount of ways you can kill (or avoid killing) someone, keeps you thinking all the way through.The DLC was also rewarding as you are able to read throughout the levels why certain descisions were made by the developers. They discuss everything from music, art, abilities, and even walk you through the early ideas and storyboard all the way to the actual experiences that gave rise to the games inception.  Plus the bonus level is a good tribute to Dosan.Get it now."
76561198036756537,Recommended,214560,8764020,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,mark-desprite,very hard yet an amazing stealth game
76561198067397374,Recommended,214560,6490321,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,jojo,"Отличнейший стелс-экшн в стиле Shank. Просто великолепная игра, особенно под контроллеры! Атмосфера вовлекает вас с головой в жизнь современных Ниндзя и их традиций. Советую всем! стоит потраченых денег!"
,Recommended,214560,8767378,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Seiorai,"An amazingly good stealth (and not only) game, simply put.Beautiful art, amazing sound&music, awesome effects and well thought-out objectives, along with the very pleasant (to me at least) possibility of choosing your playstyle: you can go full stealth, or on a murder rampage, or even mix the two. Very flexible and engaging to play, especially since the AI is created in such a way that it is possible to perform the same string of actions and get different results every single time, forcing you to always be alert.Bottom line: it has both of my thumbs up."
76561198029053321,Recommended,214560,8767517,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,jaywest11,"This is an amzingly well thought out game. 2D, indie, stealth-o-rama pact full with all of your favorite ninja/assassin abilities and tools. Once I start playing this, it's difficult to stop."
,Recommended,214560,8858094,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mandarin Chili Slut,Fukken yeah!
,Recommended,214560,10503070,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,bian446,One of the best platformer I've played. Stealth fans should love this!
,Recommended,214560,6769974,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,StayBased,I hate stealth games. This was the best one I have ever played. It is very good!.
76561198044332082,Recommended,214560,10647015,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Oh Stan,"There really isn't a 2-D stealth genre, and ""Mark of the Ninja"" stands out from regular platformers due to this. Highly addictive with a thoughful, yet quick gameplay. While the storyline was a little cliche, it had great level design and interesting system of challenges. 9/10"
76561198124828411,Recommended,214560,10650144,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BloodyKharma,This game is freaking amazing! Every time I played I truly felt like a badass ninja! If your a fan of stealth games than this game should be right up your alley! To be honest it almost reminds me of the old Tenchu games! If you wanna feel the rush of instilling terror in your prey before silently taking them out then this is your type of game!
,Recommended,214560,10650970,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MeNoSushi,"Easily my favourite steam game, and one of my favourite games of all time!The gameplay and mechanics are flawless, with interesting and varied level designs.It also has the ability for you to choose one of 5 or 6 different outfits for your ninja, which each come with their own play styles and special abilities.Recommended to anyone who likes stealth games, 2D games, or any games in general.Just buy it already"
,Recommended,214560,10653688,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tinkerino,Very amusing indie strategy game. Good game for strategy gamers. Try this game.
,Recommended,214560,17765275,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,NotKip,This is an amazing 2D stealth game with a great art style and fun mechanics
76561198114505229,Recommended,214560,17765960,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,THE_MANGA_NINJA,The gameplay is awsome and I love how simple it is on your computer. but it can get boring
76561197993493467,Recommended,214560,17654807,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mung,Ninjas don't use words.
76561198027848105,Recommended,214560,17658269,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,TheVindex57,"I love this game, play it if you like:-A beautiful artstyle wich also incorporates game mechanics into the visuals.-Great stealth gameplay on a 2D enviroment.-Being able to customize your ninja according to your playstyle.Examples of items: smokebombs, caltrops, poison darts, a cardboard box (of course), and several different costumes like: The path of silence wich makes running completly silent but takes away your sword, or The path of nightmares (my personal favorite) wich limits the amount of items you can carry but terrefies all guards who witness a kill or spot a body, often leading to free kills in the form of friendly fire.-New game plus / replayability.-Challenges that force you to adapt to succeed."
76561198107108453,Recommended,214560,17659917,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Mikeybrah,Fun game to waste some time
76561198054373921,Recommended,214560,17660985,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,molu13,Beautiful stealth game- which allows many solutions for each level.Should be bought with DLC.Rating: 10/10
76561198006840103,Recommended,214560,2402572,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,krispy,ninja gaiden on steroids ;)
,Recommended,214560,17031481,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Scallywag,I absotutely love this game. I love it so much that I typed absotutely out of pure joy and excitement.STealthiness:10/10Ninjaness:10/10Stabbiness:10/10IGN 234762387648/123782372
,Recommended,214560,17033792,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Masivedub,"My humble reviewTo start off this was my first playthrough it took me 9 hours and i still haven't  completed the DLC or whatever you want to call the Dosan's Tale.Now to the review,This game was honestly so good you have so many different ways to complete the games you can either do a run with not killing anyone that is till the last decision but yeah lol or you can kill everyone in your way that simple,There is so many different paths you can go not just 1 path with different decisions you could either take the difficult path full with traps or the more simple path with enemies, either way you decide it still leads to you paththe mechanics,graphics and story are great i deff recommend this game for its price but you can wait for an offer of 75% to 80% discount since its always on offer :D"
76561198137317041,Recommended,214560,16403034,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hadduo,A good game
,Recommended,214560,17042212,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Mediocre Sneak,Want to kill stuff: This game is for youWant to be sneaky: This game is for youWant to do a little of both: This game is for you
,Recommended,214560,17009746,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Andromeda,10/10
,Recommended,214560,3618111,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,AgentOtter,This game is amazing :D
,Recommended,214560,16982798,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Black Sheep,"Ill start off by saying, this is one of the best little games ive ever played, i say little ive clocked 11 hours in it so far. If you like stealth, ninjas, challenges and just generally hacking your way through levels, this is your game, money wise, worth a fiver or less on the sales, you get a chance grab it! you wont be disappointed!"
,Recommended,214560,17305968,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,MyCabbages64,"I haven't played too many stealth focused games. Many that have elements of it in the game though. And it always seems half baked, Or just a side thing. This game, to me, is by far the best stealth game I've played. Not just that the way you play is so flexiable. Do I kill everything, or nothing? Do Fight head on, or do I kill from the shadows.This game has a nice story, a great beautiful enviorment, And well thought out levels.I'm so glad I got this game, I wish they had more games like this or a sequel for that matter. I'd buy it in a heartbeat."
76561197999307083,Recommended,214560,17306579,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Reksuro,Best 2D game ive ever played
76561198048901131,Recommended,214560,17308503,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Dartmeth,"This is single handedly the best indie game I have ever had the pleasure of playing.  The gameplay is smooth. The colors and textures in the artwork immerse the player in a world that can only be described as a clash of time and culture.  As a lifelong fan of the original metal gear/solid games, this game will make you itch to keep playing.  This game is objective based, and the developers complain about it being linear, but there are so many different ways to accomplish your objective.  If you are looking for a fun, mentally stimulating, and flexible stealth game, STOP LOOKING AND BUY IT!  Also, the ending is simply fantastic."
76561198006986577,Recommended,214560,17310997,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,"A fantastic stealth, action side-scroller.  You have to be cautious yet quick while either assassinating or bypassing guards and puzzles.  The art is lovely and stylized.  The stealth aspects are where the game shines."
,Recommended,214560,17336207,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Yeboi Spungebab420 trade.tf,Still one of the best stealth/platform games ever made!
,Recommended,214560,17338130,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,NikosKeyz,8/10
76561198019513329,Recommended,214560,3248976,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,WTFPsychoPewPew,DAT STEALTH GAME - SO AWESOME
76561197999003299,Recommended,214560,1862934,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Oberlon,Wonderful sidescrolling stealth game.  Lots of fun.
76561198013501750,Recommended,214560,2846237,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,Bob,"I'm really enjoying this side-scrolling stealth game... who woulda thought?Getting familiar with the controls is important, and once you have them sorted, you can play the game at a fast pace or take your time and plan your next move.The game credits the player with some intelligence and as a result there are no ""gimmes"". Your progression is earnt."
,Recommended,214560,5680190,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,bigbadken,"""Tenchu"" and NES ""Ninja Gaiden"" made a baby and they named it ""Mark of the Ninja"". It has sharp graphics and an acceptable storyline, but the best part (to me) was the very fluid and polished controls.  If you like stealth games, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,214560,118986,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Druaightagh,"Cant recommend this game enough, it's been a long time since we had a ninja game where you play AS a ninja (instead of as a guy in a ninja costume in a worn out slash'em up series, aka Ninja Gaiden).Possibly the best game of 2012, deffinetly top 5 at least, and defintely in my top 20 fave games of all time!"
,Recommended,214560,1986458,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Fairly Masculine,"What is it about stealth games that makes me a pacifist?  Give me a gun and a quest marker and I will carve a bloody gash across the map, but the second shadows make you harder to see I can't stop myself from sneaking between them while my rifle sadly contemplates what it's doing in my placid hands.  Mark of the Ninja is a great mercenary-stabbing simulator, but it's an even better puzzle game.  In this case, the puzzle pieces are your gun-toting enemies and the solution is a bunch of ventilation shafts and chandeliers, but it still feels as satisfying as flinging yourself through a door in Portal or correctly reversing time in Braid.There's about a dozen levels in MotN, but they all include collectibles, bonus objectives, and plenty of alternate routes.  You can unlock additional costumes (with different gameplay effects), weapons, and gadgets to help you solve levels more easily or in different ways.  There's even a new game plus mode after the first playthrough that's even harder.  Mark of the Ninja is worth every penny of its asking price and has enough replayability to entice you to keep playing it even after you've beaten every level a half-dozen times, if only to get a higher score than your pacifist friend who speedruns every level without ever being seen."
,Recommended,214560,7744954,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[SCi-Fi] Wetalo,"So damn slick. Gorgeous high-res sprite-based graphics, with animation quality on par with some movies out there. Good stealth gameplay, too. I never thought a 2D stealth game would be so engaging but I was certainly wrong there."
,Recommended,214560,1446507,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,aNILEator,Brilliant smooth animations not difficult to control (I'm using a gamepad) a decent stealth game you want to replay and try new tactics
76561197995133463,Recommended,214560,7760717,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Drown In Your Lies,"As someone who generally does not like stealth games, this one is really damn good."
,Recommended,214560,4203670,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,All Glory to the Goddess Aqua,"Anyone who likes stealth games owes it to themselves to play this.The graphics are stylish and smooth. The gameplay is simple enough to not interfere with itself, yet complicated enough to let players strategize their own way past obstacles. The production values are incredible for a game of its price.I recommend playing with an XBox 360 controller, or other dual-stick controller of your choice---it fits the control scheme intuitively."
,Recommended,214560,7761232,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Xavdidtheshadow,"A stealth game that is actually fun. While your character is powerful, you definintely can't leap into a room with guards and just kill them all point blank.Lots of powers allow a lot of flexibility in the approach you take with guards. Great music, atmosphere, challenge. Absolutely get this game."
76561198011106496,Recommended,214560,2688874,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Zombiepuncher,"Great game, it understands how to pull off stealth well, also stabbing men in the face, also backstabbing them, also stabbing them through doors, also stabbing them through grates. There's also the option to not stab them but why would you want to?Seriously though, great game."
,Recommended,214560,204924,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,MilitantChicken,"""I love a stealth game"" is something I never thought I would say.  It's fast paced and flawlessly executed."
76561197966570368,Recommended,214560,249537,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,rubenatch,Un buen juego donde el sigilo y el pensar bien antes de actuar son mucho más importantes que los reflejos.
76561198042617391,Recommended,214560,7526971,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,andrew_18,I recommend everyone who like good games and/or good stealth games to buy this game as soon as You can. Mark of the Ninja is really great game.
,Recommended,214560,1078277,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Wakeem,"Amazing, amazing game.  Should definiteiy pick this game up in a steam sale, definitely worth it.  Took me 9 months since buying to get around to playing it - and once I started I couldnt stop.  Finished it within 48 hours of starting which is unheard of for me these days.  Definitely worth the price of entry.  Thinking about going back and playing it on hard straight away!"
,Recommended,214560,1003717,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Defenestration,"This is the best stealth game I have ever played. I was skeptical of a non-topdown 2D stealth game... but really, the forced perspective makes it the cleanest and most pure iteration of the genre I have ever seen.Even after the game is done, the extra crap you unlock tempts you to go back and redo other stages. It's one of those games that seems to be designed for the ground up for competitive speed runs.Buy this game now."
,Recommended,214560,1893544,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,The Burninator,"A fun, challenging platformer with heavy emphasis on stealth. The quality of the animations are excellent and the controls work surprisingly well, though you will want to play this on a controller for the best experience. Worth the full asking price and a steal at sale prices."
,Recommended,214560,7763006,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Da Killah Genius,"I Love Stealth Ninja Games, This One Was Very Challenging When I Beat It The 1st Time,"
,Recommended,214560,412905,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,DaleFu,Amazing stealth game.  This is up there as one of my absolute fave stealth games.  For the price you can't go wrong!
76561198078224432,Recommended,214560,8580097,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Leecrimson,"Very good game! I was surprised by how fluid and deep the mechanics of the game are. The story is OK, but does not mitigate from the overall experience."
,Recommended,214560,215381,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Adversity,"I suppose the best analogy I can come up with is ""Mark of the Ninja is a 2-D Assassin's Creed platformer"". This is a poor analogy, because the only Assassin's Creed game I've played was the first one, and this is nothing like Assassin's Creed.It's pretty fun though."
,Recommended,214560,8584036,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,wats-it-to-ya,An amazing side scrolling ninja game.
76561198066809122,Recommended,214560,8584127,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Conick101,"This game is absolutely phenomenal. The story, gameplay, and aesthetics were well done and though it was somewhat linear, Mark of the Ninja still provided you with a variety of ways to complete levels through with factors of stealth, puzzles, and moral decisions."
,Recommended,214560,8584669,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ιllιlı Aronnax ιllιlı,Game is amazing. If you love stealth based games and just jumping around... This is for you. I just love it how you can make the guards kill his own guys by frightning them and destroying lights to easily distract them. Overall great game and glad I picked it up on the steam winter sale.
76561198054545363,Recommended,214560,8585396,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,dreggon,great game!
,Recommended,214560,586076,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,mjh,"Incredibly good game! A stealth game in 2D that does about everything right. I would describe it as Splinter Cell in 2D with a little bit of Shadow Complex mixed into it. It has slick, fast gameplay, gives excellent feedback (e.g. Am I visible? Can they hear me?), and makes you feel empowered... well, like a ninja *g*. The story is nothing special and something you would expect from a game like this; but that is forgiven the moment the game makes you feel awesome again as you pull of your next stealth kill combo. Play time is about 10 hours but it provides a more challenging play mode after the first play-through. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214560,9144667,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,malshoaiby,"I was skeptical about playing a stealth game in 2D, but it took about half an hour to pull me in completely. The gameplay is very natural, and it's hard to not feel like a total badass throughout. Replay value is huge, seeing as there's an awesome New Game Plus mode where all your stats, items and abilities carry over from your previous playthrough with more intuitive enemy AI. As for the stealth, the game borrows from the best that games like Dishonored, Thief, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and the Metal Gear Solid series have to offer, while doing away with most of the boring aspects of stealth gameplay, like long awareness counters on enemies and endless back-up.This game should be in the library of every fan of the stealth genre."
76561198048327785,Recommended,214560,9144714,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Enoryon,"Be a ninja and choose your path : agressive/massive killer or a furtive shadow never to be detected!Anyway there will be blood and betrayal.Good story, excellent gameplay and nice graphic style which gives the right atmosphere.This game is a good experience and a lot of fun!"
76561198052601012,Recommended,214560,9145569,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,RapturesDenial,"Very enjoyable side scrolling game where you are a ninja. Unlike some games where you are one, you don't try to go for the kill right up front. Stealth is the name of the game here, there is also a mild puzzle element here which makes for an enjoyable time. Worth getting it if you really just wanna hang around and play."
,Recommended,214560,1443073,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Eldrazzi,"I'm not much into platformers but Mark of the Ninja's ""stealth"" system makes it one to get... especially if it's on sale."
,Recommended,214560,9145701,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,snkngshps,"You should probably go ahead and get this game now.I beat it once and beat it all over again on new-game plus. Mark of the Ninja is a side scrolling stealth game, that pushes you to rely on your own patience and craftiness to clear a level. There are a lot of paths to victory and the game sets a few extra goals if you want 100% completion. I really dig the art-style as well.One of the few games where I was determined to get every achievement so I was making the most of this purchase. Scoop it up."
,Recommended,214560,248965,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Solsth,Excelent !
,Recommended,214560,320710,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Yellow5,"Excellent 2D platformer.  Stayed away from it because of the hype and now I wish I had picked it up earlier.  This is the best platformer, heck one of the best games of 2012."
,Recommended,214560,7539540,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,loonyboi,"Terrific game. Excellent gameplay, great graphics. Runs like a charm with a gamepad. Highly recommended!"
76561198016835090,Recommended,214560,7998056,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Johnny100pesos,"It's like ""Hitman"" and ""Saboteur"" on ZX."
76561198007075700,Recommended,214560,10158432,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Funny
76561198079655272,Recommended,214560,6928596,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Harold,"This game is by far my favorite game of all time. The game really lets you feel like a ninja, with an excellent movement system and  plenty of intresting tools to deal with enemies and traps. It gives you an awesome feeling to sneak around, picking off guards one by one, narrowly avoiding discovery. The gameplay is top notch, and levels are well designed. The art style is excellent as well, and overall, the game is elegant, fun, and well designed."
76561198015082163,Recommended,214560,2957122,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,WexWex,"Really a top tier once in a long time game.  This is the type of game you wish would come out.  Very nice animation and skillful gameplay is required to get the most out of each mission.This is the type of game I WISH had pvp.  I say this because I love pvp in all games.  With this game having maps where you could set traps, or design layouts and control the cops, while another player is the ninja and trying to make his way though your map would have been bad♥♥♥♥♥  Or ninja vs ninja combat in battle maps while having to avoid traps or being able to trap your enemy would be cool.Granted this game is a insta buy on its own, but pvp would have kept me playing more and more.  Bottom line this is a great game that any real gamer would be happy to play."
,Recommended,214560,10151938,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Norse God of Sawdust,"Better than a pirate game.*Definitely recommended for anyone who has ever wanted to be a ninja, or has watched Samurai Jack."
,Recommended,214560,22990752,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Holomorph,Sheer perfection.
,Recommended,214560,22999283,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,M9 AsterFunnk,rly cool game sadly is quite smallid say a 7/10
76561198085949384,Recommended,214560,23004039,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,T-Ramisu,"Very atmospheric, the graphics are very unique. The game itself is beautiful."
76561198030871925,Recommended,214560,23040131,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Daigotsu,"Very cool stealth action game.  Would be better without, you know, progress-destroying bugs, but you can't have everything."
,Recommended,214560,23031082,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,retrogomagomes,"""I'm not a fan of stealth games."" I've changed that after playing Mark of The Ninja. Now I'm looking forward to play new stealth titles just because of this little game. I've never played anything like that in a while, Excellent gameplay, awesome gadgets to play with and lots of fun.Everything on this game is awesome, the soundtracks, the art, the voice acting. This is one of this games which blows you away, I'd totally recommend this to anyone who likes videogames. 11/10"
,Recommended,214560,23286023,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,snedr,"Simply a perfect, refined stealth game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,894715,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Super WOLFCULT 64,Probably one of the best indie platformers known to man.
76561197960851453,Recommended,214560,23326402,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PEPPI,"It\'s a very nice stealth game wiith a lot of replay capabilities, like winning the game without killing any guards.The story works quite well too."
,Recommended,214560,240387,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Brinkman,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ anyone who doesn't own this game is dumb.
,Recommended,214560,23143629,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ciggy Tardust,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played, not just 2D stealth. These guys also made Shank 1 and 2 if you haven't heard. They're alright, but you can't go wrong with this game."
76561198275655828,Recommended,214560,23120403,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SteDaCo,"When a game like MARK OF THE NINJA comes around I have a hard time truly enjoying it. The game should be the 2D side-scroller masterpiece that everyone talks about whenever the stealth genre is mentioned, but it's so insecure that thinking about it again makes me sad of what could've been.As a stealth game MARK OF THE NINJA is wholeheartedly dedicated to it in its mechanics, low health, poor visibility by the player character, indication of being spotted and other standards of the genre compliment a dynamic movement system where the player can climb on walls and ceilings, helped with a grappling hook, that makes movement an absolute joy. A plan that goes awry can quickly become an impressive half-improvised ballet, mixed with an overall beautiful art style and overall design, makes the game's flow impressive. Getting there, however, requires a massive amount of getting used to on PC where the keyboard and mouse is certainly not the preferred.This system is supposed to encourage replayability, with larger levels towards the end of the game seemingly allowing the player to choose their own path. Yet this dangerous gambit fails where replaying shows how rigid the game is, a tense and exciting section becomes bogged down with a mechanical, repetitive, predictable challenges which destroys any investment. Compated tighter level in the beginning, the later levels leads to turbulence.There's also an upgrade system with various gadgets that can be used defensively or offensively, keeping a freshness to the game. Upgrade points are earned by finding certain items, or by completing level-specific challenges, or by gaining points which are determined by whether the player kills or if they are even spotted. In addition there are several outfits in the game which have certain criteria about how they works, for example one creates no noise while running but only offensive weapons can be used.Choices like this are encouraged by the level design, but as discussed freedom in MARK OF THE NINJA is merely an illusion to impress. The forever-tutorial by introducing new gadgets contributes to a complete flat-lining in difficulty and in interest. Combined with the later, larger levels makes the game seem like it didn't feel like it was good enough to hold interest with just the base gameplay. More levels with a actual choices or having tigther level design, or no upgrade system would've helped. The middling result leads the upgrade system seeming tacked on. This most greatly exmplified by upgrading system that rewards points for not killing, yet those upgrades are mostly offensive.Yet the story may just be the worst part of the game, totally uninteresting and something is an after thought. The pen-ultimate cut-scene in the fianl level provides quite an interesting idea but overall an overall impression of the story is that it may as well not exist.Overall, MARK OF THE NINJA is a game I'd cautiously recommend with a warning that you may feel somewhat unstatisfied.2/3- Nice"
,Recommended,214560,23190089,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Punk Guy Happy Guy,"good 2D stealth. last few levels weren't as good, but still fun. would get when on sale"
,Recommended,214560,23148308,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,DreadPirateGillman,"It gets a little repetitive towards the end of the game, but it's pretty fun overall."
,Recommended,214560,23149154,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,𝓽𝓸𝓪𝓼𝓽𝔂𝓼𝓾𝓷𝓵𝓲𝓰𝓱𝓽,Review in prgress so farProsCons
,Recommended,214560,23150050,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Demon,"Although I was able to pick it up for only $5 during a summer sale, I believe that MotN offers more than enough content to justify its original price. The level design is thoughtful, the atmosphere is immersive, the stealth kills are satisfying, and, best of all, the game is fun. While I usually don't play through games a second time when prompted with a New Game + option, MotN was an exception. With the summer sale coming up, it's a perfect opportunity to try out a great game for a more than reasonable price."
76561198057009822,Recommended,214560,23186613,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,GameShark,One of the best stealth game around.
,Recommended,214560,23186743,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NReale3370,"The best stealth game I've ever played, Close or even equaling Dishonored just in raw gameplay.  The game does an incredibly job showing you noise traveling, cones of vision, and all kinds of useful information to make mistakes and screw ups rare.  Additionally getting detected bears only a minor penalty so its easy to hide an wait it out.  Additionally checkpoints are frequent so the frustration factor of trying to do it perfect is very low.  My only criticisms were it was short and the story was somewhat flimsy in each level, but for sale price it was great fun and well worth it."
76561198006408987,Recommended,214560,2366628,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,Sanguis3k,surprisingly good stealth action gamerewards thought and patience more than button mashing and charging
,Recommended,214560,23179056,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,YRMYJASKA,Great
,Recommended,214560,2595477,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,wandrecanada,"Possibly the best stealth game you will play to date, Mark of the Ninja gets everything right.  It's a game you can play your way at your pace.  They provide the tools you provide the strategy.  Being a ninja has never felt better.Mark of the Ninja is a 2D platforming stealth game where  you choose the path.  Run silent without killing?  Set deadly traps?  Use their fear against them?  All is possible and you will feel your power as a master assassin when you put these deadly skills into play.If you like playing as a ninja this game is absolutely for you."
,Recommended,214560,18053096,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Razgriz,"If you want to play the real ninja game, this is it. with all stealth, i mean real stealth thing not just a hide and seek with enemy."
76561198003605473,Recommended,214560,18061894,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Machaeus,"I played this game a LONG time ago.  I loved it.  I was hooked from the instant it began, basically.I played it for like 10 hours straight, and I didn't even realize it was late at night until I finished.  That is literally the ONLY bad thing I can say - those without time management skills will sit through the entire first playthrough.There isn't a lot of replayability, but it's still fun to dink around in the game, see what you might have missed.And the ending.  OH DEAR GOD the ENDING.  It was a beautiful, lovely twist that twisted the knife just right.  Exquisite shock and awe, in five words."
,Recommended,214560,17959301,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,GD. TyranT,awesome..the game mechanic is the best for instance the sound mechanic that clearly been neglect by developer since in real stealth noise is the main reason for real spy to be caught..but i suggest play using console for better execution
76561198152884914,Recommended,214560,17450616,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,NaCN_,"This game is awesome, it's perfect how everything feels...hang people, parkour, amazing grafics and its really soft game it runs in a low end pc (mine is a normal one XD but a friend of mine has this game and plays on a low end pc)...I really recomend this Game :D"
,Recommended,214560,17409226,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Enderninja16,If you like stealth games that are challengeing and have a good story line this is the game for you just be careful this a stealth game that smacks you if you try anything but stealth especially in the later levels but the ending will make you question yourself if you made the right choice.Over all i give it a 10/10.
76561198159771175,Recommended,214560,17409891,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Majestic Motherfucker,"Had Netflix on in the background right before I preformed the most interesting stealth kill.The last thing I heard was,""Where's Oprah? KEE-YAH, ♥♥♥♥♥!""And kee-yah that guard, I did.10/10 Would kee-yah a guard again.But in all seriousness, this game had me addicted. Only sixteen hours in, I beat the game and was halfway through my New Game+ when I realized that I had been slaving over this game for hours on end and from the looks of it, I wasn't bored. I must say, the graphics compliment the theme nicely. The gameplay is incredible, and I enjoy the tedious and careful approach you sometimes have to take during certain levels. Nearly everything you do makes a sound. The guards are alert, and they do their job well. I miss that in stealth games. The sound fits the gameplay quite snug as well and all in all, it's a wonderful game, and I can proudly stick it in my favorites list and recommend it to you."
76561198100740418,Recommended,214560,17417010,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,JacobusNegromante,"This game is amzing. Classic 2D game model with stealth based combat that punishes you realistically for being spotted. Every time a guard sees you they hose you down with bullets on the spot and, even if you somehow manage to get away, you lose a huge chunk of your score at the end of the level. The game really gives you the feeling that you're an outdated weapon surviving in the modern world only by being the best, and so the best is what you must be. Also something about a magic plant your clan turned into ink which they used to inexpertly and very painfully burn pretty pictures into your skin. The story is predictable and cheesey so I didn't pay too much attention to it, but don't let that stop you from getting this game. The gameplay is so wonderful and the design so simple that the story doesn't really matter too much. The satisfaction of wrapping a chain around a guard's neck, hanging him from a lamp post, and then waiting for his friends to walk by and see his hanging corps is all I need to keep playing this game over and over again."
76561198049308538,Recommended,214560,14937077,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,John Saft,This is one of the best stealthgames i have played.. This game is simply brilliant.
76561198018822187,Recommended,214560,16922316,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Grey,"Pretty fun to sneak around! If youre like me, then you wont stop playing the level until youve perfected it lol its fun!"
,Recommended,214560,5270814,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Topazwolf,Remember when stealth games were fun and exciting? The thrill of hiding and not getting caught outwaying the thrill of fighting? If so you may want to check it out.
,Recommended,214560,16882372,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,h4k,.
76561198190869843,Recommended,214560,16886570,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Gogeta41,Great game alot of fun and challanges i liked it
76561197970086998,Recommended,214560,378908,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,gus,Insanely great game !!
,Recommended,214560,8732491,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dante Battaglia,"This game is amazing. Fantastic game play, art, and story.  Don't want to spoil anything but the ending blew my mind. Can't think of anything bad to say about this game."
,Recommended,214560,17685926,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Mug,"Good story, excellent mechanics, and replayability. Absolutely worth your time."
76561198035780493,Recommended,214560,17692920,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Fuzz,Feel like a ninja even if you look like a jackass
,Recommended,214560,13370181,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,wesloo,"One of the best indie games I've ever played.Good:+ really great stealth gameplay (various distraction techniques, many ways to stealth kill, clever detection system)+ well designed levels encourage the player's creativity (multiple puzzle solutions)+ well balanced difficulty (not too hard to become frustrating but just enough to provide fair challenge)+ reasonable optional objectives+ the beautiful art style of graphics and animations+ great atmosphere and interesting ending+ responsive controls and (in most cases) sensibly placed checkpointsBad:+ maybe too significant drawbacks of most styles (character's outfits), so most of the time, you will just use the default oneOverall definitely worth the buy."
76561198037101281,Recommended,214560,17604949,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,lord wolfhunt,awesome game. Fun stealth. cool gadgets. Awesome Ninjaing. Good fun.
76561198118936624,Recommended,214560,17512257,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,M4nJrA,Need more of these!
,Recommended,214560,17512556,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,sebas1006,Incredible game! Multiple ways to achieve your goal let you play the game to suit your own style.
,Recommended,214560,17519751,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,DR.SWAGGER,"The game is amazing. A great stealth & platformer from klei games. I especially love the art style, which combines that japanese zen drawing feel as well as a whole ""dark"" and ""animated"" feel to it that I just absolutely adore! The stealth game where you get darker and darker the better camoflauged you are.Recommend this for a buy, especially on a steam sale."
76561198033503067,Recommended,214560,17638086,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,HarpDogg,This is truely a great game! I would recommend to anyone 2 enthusiastic thumbs up!... fine holiday fun!
,Recommended,214560,17649708,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ddaily,"I am an avid stealth player. If there is any chance to play stealth I do and this is arguably one of the best stealth games of all time. This game is unbelievably amazing from story, to audio, to art, to design, it has it all. If you are a fan of the stealth genre, get this game because D@MN."
76561198039926131,Recommended,214560,30515892,Posted: 14 March,all,Vkfan,"The game is good, long enough to get hooked to it, and with a challenge level neither frustrating nor too low to be considered oneIt's worth all the 20 euros they ask for (dlc included)"
,Recommended,214560,17480436,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Maxi~senpai,BEST F*KING GAME I EVER PLAYED 10/10
76561198125238273,Recommended,214560,17480510,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Judde,I love this game i love this game more than any other puzzle game the story is amazing the art style last but not least the names of the moves (prowling spider is one of my favorites) this game NEEDS to be made into a movie i would watch it would you? I can't say a single bad thing but on bad thing is how hard it is to unlock every costume it would be better if it was through killing a certain guard a certain way in a certain level. :3
,Recommended,214560,17488976,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,KittyKat💕,"It's a good game, but really did i have to tell you how many times i die trying, just to be undetected, i guess i don't have to.But on other hand ninjas are cool and amazing to play. I only regret how short this game is, it doesnt have too many missions to play. The main story so quickly reach the end. Still its great stealth game."
,Recommended,214560,17623642,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,davecasillo,no doubt get it
,Recommended,214560,4766359,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,wuTz,Great game! Enjoying it a lot!
76561198091552043,Recommended,214560,17714777,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,RaptorBaby,"This game is truly amazing.Though the story is pretty straightforward, i believe it's more centered around the mechanics.The stealth in this game makes you feel like an invisible ghost stalking your enemy.From using distraction items to get passed a foe or terrorizing them and just stalking them waiting for the perfect strike.Though sometimes i feel the levels may get a bit repetetive and short this is solved with every level having there own little difference.All in all the game is well built with an ok story that is one of the best stealth games to this generation in my opinion."
,Recommended,214560,6707518,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Tyk3,"GAME HIGHLIGHTS:1. 2D Action / Stealth platformer.2. Unlockable skills and equipments3. A lot of awesome looking special moves to perform kills and putting enemy down.4. A lot of gameplay mechanics based on true Ninja style warfare like distactions/detection based on noises, destroying lamps and torches to create darkness, scaring enemies using fear and gruesome kills, confusing enemies and making them kill their companions, hidden crawlspaces and many many more.5. Special hidden rooms with puzzle challanges aside from main story campagin. 1 in each stage.6. Good storyline and progression, maybe not great but good, really good.7. Very tight and responsive controls, using a gamepad maks them amazing.8. Great charcters and voice acting. You will relate to character you play and will strive to help him complete his goals.9. Great difficulty levels and AI intelligence, not easy not tough, just the right amount.MY 2 CENTS :Just Amaazzzzzzing... absolutely brilliant fluid gameplay. A game in which every aspect be it AI, Controls, Action, Animations, Voice Acting, Characters is done amazingly.Everything is perfectly crafted, balanced, and in right amount. Highly Highly polished piece of software.Just buy it guys, i can't go enough ga ga over this. Treat yourself to this game, things like this come out only once in ages. Last time i felt like this was when i was 15 yrs old and played Prince of Persia - The Warrior Within, and now i am 23.  Its been 8 years since is saw something this good."
,Recommended,214560,17494492,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,PenguinPandaZero,"Mark of the Ninja is a stealth semi-action game in which you play as a ninja marked (painted on) with magical ink, that gives you special powers, but will eventually corrupt your mind.In this game, you traverse various stages in a very stealthy way. More often than not, if you get caught, you're probably going to die. So to prevent this, you must do what a ninja would do: Complete the mission from the shadows. Sneak up on enemies and slay them silently, sneak past them so as not to risk being seen, make them hallucinate and think their allies are enemies, violently and loudly have them devoured with bugs, etc. There are many answers to one level.This game has a slightly extreme difficulty balance where the first 80% of the game is fairly easy, then the last 20% is extremely difficult (epecially on the unlocked game-mode which is harder). But if you're patient, or aggressive enough, you should be fine.If you like 2D stealth games, and you do not have this game, then your library of games is incomplete."
76561198023098564,Recommended,214560,17543577,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Icipher,Really awesome 2D stealth jump 'n run :)
76561198010800766,Recommended,214560,17760240,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,71%
76561198024093404,Recommended,214560,3519234,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Xakep,Fantastic stealth game!
76561198039342765,Recommended,214560,16868630,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Nanzapants,Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm a ninja!
,Recommended,214560,17243013,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Entirity,"While the middle section of this game lags a little, it has excellent, rewarding mechanics, great level design and animation, and a perfect difficulty curve."
,Recommended,214560,17179553,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Inquis,"This game truly captures the same feels as Dishonored but in a 2D environment. Meaning that if you want to kill every enemy you see, then you can (Just make sure to hide the bodies cause people freak out). Or you can go the more satisfying route of distracting, sneaking and climbing around all the guards to slip past before they even know you were there.Mark of the Ninja truly makes you feel like a ninja, with a unique set of upgrades and equipment similar to the Batman Arkham series upgrades. This game has a lot of replayability with different routes to take for different rewards and achiements to get. I would gladly recommend this game to anyone who wants to feel like a ninja and use unique abilities and items."
76561197962187157,Recommended,214560,113904,"Posted: 7 November, 2012",all,ZiN,"Hillariously fun, I don't complete games unless they're good and this one I wish had a sequel. Good for one play through if you like ninja and stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,6164604,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,adityadragoniyer,"Really terrific game, much better than many other games out there, and surprisingly this is just an ""indie"" game. The story and build up is awesome. I so hope there is a sequel to it, though..."
76561198048224497,Recommended,214560,17255204,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Azguul,"Finally beat this game today. There are loads of reviews that go in depth about this game, so there's really only a few things I want to talk about.The first topic is choice. Each enemy, each room, is a puzzle. Only, the game doesn't hold your hand, or explain how you -should- solve it. It simply gives you tools (some of which you can choose via loadout) and presents a challenge. Ultimately, you craft the way you solve these puzzles. I really felt like I was coming up with unique solutions, and that even if I played again I couldn't replicate what I did 100%. And if you want a harder/easier experience, how you decide to play the game can cater to a more casual/hardcore experience. In a stealth game, it's all about letting the player choose, and Mark of the Ninja nails it.I was originally going to explain in a bit of detail about how I felt about the story/ending, but on second thought I won't. I will say this: for the majority of the game I felt the story was pretty lackluster. A means to get you into the world and playing. Nothing to write home about. However! I absolutely adored the ending. It's a shame it took until the very last level (and in fact, the last 5 minutes), to really grab me, but I very much enjoyed the experience, and the ending made the story in the earlier portions more interesting.The game is great. I recommend it."
76561197996381226,Recommended,214560,17278408,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,ju-kun,"This is the best Ninja themed Game, ever.I recommend it to everybody, to give it a try."
,Recommended,214560,17290771,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,"Your Old Chapter Master, Kyras","Quality side-scroll stealth. If you think you'll like it, you will."
76561198035155952,Recommended,214560,17146388,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Doctopus,"So right off the bat I love this game. It has a great sense of style with a simple story that I found myself surprisingly engaged with by the time I reached the end.The stealth genre is one that sometimes feels very restrictive and punishing if you don't follow the set paths and hide behind the boxes the game wants you to but Mark of the Ninja feels more open and lets you approach areas in different ways and complete them in a way that suits your own style of play. If you choose to be sneaky you're given non-intrusive visual cues to help let you know when you're covered in darkness or if you're making too much noise to attract nearby guards which made me feel that if I ever sounded an alarm or tipped off a soldier that it wasn't the fault of the game but rather my own. If you're into the bloodshed the game gradually rolls out a variety of items to distract and hamstring enemies as well as different abilities to finish the job whether you're hanging from the ceiling or hiding behind doors.Also worth noting is how this game feels; there's a certain weight to your ninja that comes into play when jumping from wall to wall or breaking into a run that once you get going makes movement flow very well. Your ninja can climb, grapple, glide, and more to get around troops and solve simple puzzles.There are many abilities to use, items/costumes to unlock, secret collectables to find and all that fun stuff but ultimately it's the freedom you get of how to proceed that puts Mark of the Ninja above other stealth games for me. If a sequel happens I would be hard pressed to think of what could be improved but right now I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198074524993,Recommended,214560,6764913,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,nikeceo23,"""Brokeback Mountain"" is not just a movie, it's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his front yard."
,Recommended,214560,17191466,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,thesniperdevil,"Great platform game that has the potential for lots of replayability. While I personaly only needed one play through- the great aniamtions, artwork and audio package an amazingly fun game."
76561198044488033,Recommended,214560,16772602,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,crunching tiger,"They messed with the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing ninja, today.10/10"
,Recommended,214560,16773515,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,"I love the art style, the gameplay is smooth although the controls take some getting used to, there's nothing wrong with them, it just is different than many platformers would have.Best stealth based platformer out there."
,Recommended,214560,17069170,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dragonite Dragonborn,"LOVE IT!!! Sorry just had to get that out there, best Ninja game of all i played!"
,Recommended,214560,17071531,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Bob The 3rd,"An incredible 2D stealth game. Mark of The Ninja has beautiful art and very addicting gameplay, with stealth based on sound and light. I picked it up on sale, but I would even recommend it at full price. My only complaint is that there is not too much replay value, although NG+ does help alleviate that downside. Buy this game!"
76561198007688772,Recommended,214560,17444266,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Aargh,"Pros:Fantastic, varied game mechanics.Nice graphics and audio. Great animated cutscenes.Good controls.Cons:The environment is a bit repetitive. Background changes but the foreground is almost the same the whole game.If you die and return back to a checkpoint, you also have to recollect the collectibles.Some minor issues with controls."
76561198183070801,Recommended,214560,17352818,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ijlittle101,"This is one of the BEST stealth games I have played, I love the art style and controls especially. The animations for the kills and other movements are fantastic as well. Highly reccomended."
76561197988566726,Recommended,214560,17359817,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Grim Jester,"This game gets a recommendation for all the reasons that everyone else mentions. It's very good.I have two criticisms though. The first is that it's a bit short, and I can see some people being upset by that. I wasn't.The other reason is something that most people won't care about. Like many stealth games, this one gives you the option to be super stealthy, and not kill. A lot of these games do that, but what they don't do is make your actions relevant to the story. Dishonored is a very good example of showing how your moral decisions change the story."
,Recommended,214560,17372917,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ms.TAKE,"One of very few games I checked that actually has a FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT, the way it's totally comfortable without customization.ModernSaboteur.Game that's hard to not replay after completing basic storyline - multiple alternative gameplay options to choose from - interesting ones.Smooth animations and pleasant to eye graphic concept - which I appreciace a lot.Worth to buy even if not on sale.Recommended.Absolutely."
76561197979669400,Recommended,214560,17180995,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Mr. Karate,"If you like ninja's, get this game.If you like stealth, get this game.If you go in thinking this will be Ninja Gaiden, don't get this game.This game is only for those who can think and act like real ninja's, not ninja that behaves like Kratos (God of War).So if you can act like a ninja, and think like a ninja, then prepare to be a ninja! This game will change your life like it did mine."
,Recommended,214560,2295514,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Spooky Beef,"Quite possibly the best stealth game of all time. The amount of options you have at your disposal is simply staggering, yet the game retains a fair amount of challenge in learning how to utilize those options. It also looks gorgeous, with brilliant 2D visuals that come from the same studio behind Shank. Simply a must have."
76561198113811314,Recommended,214560,17376760,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sendaloaf,Plot twist simulator of the century.
76561197993735213,Recommended,214560,17995504,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Macronic,This is a fantastic game. Strongly recomended.
,Recommended,214560,18006765,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,EliTheClasher,Awesome!
76561198158769859,Recommended,214560,18028497,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Gnobsk,"What is Mark of the Ninja?- spoilersMark of the Ninja is a stealth action game where you play as a ninjaon a quest to avenge an attack on your dojo, aided by your tattoos, that give you great powers at a terrible price. During a mission, you uncover your sensei might be withholding information, prompting you to go look for answers yourself.The game is divided into missions. You get a set of objectives during each of them in order to complete said mission.Enemies that you encounter along the way can be killed, but trying to avoid or sneak around them is also a viable option given the level design.At the end of each mission you gather honor points, three each for score, mission specific achievements and haikus found. These honor points can be poured in distractions and offensive items. New clothing sets can also be unlocked, each with pros and cons.Why I recommend the gameMark of the Ninja provides a good stealth action experience. As mentioned earlier, the encountered enemies can be avoided completely using stealth and distractions. There is also a possibility to take them out, but brute forcing your way through a mission does not work; you still need to pick good targets, sneak up on them and dispatch them without trying to make a sound.Some might find the missions on the easy side, but there is new game plus mode after the initial playthrough.The controls are responsive enough - I've only played with keyboard and mouse.The story is nice, partially told via haikus and cutscenes. Details giving away the central theme can be found all over the game, if you know where to look. Which is a nice touch.Negatives I need to mention are the camera not always moving along with the character as I would like. Also, the game uses checkpoints that respawn you when you die. However, sometimes I got respawned in a fully lit room with multiple guards standing next to me, causing me to have to restart the whole level.All in all, this is a very nice stealth game that I recommend."
76561198054535219,Recommended,214560,17882706,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Tanish,"Loved it, I truly felt like a ninja. I just wish it was a bit longer."
,Recommended,214560,1128062,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,mar7!n,One of the best stealth games!
,Recommended,214560,17961677,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Great 2D sneaking ninja game.  Great variety.  You will be compelled to replay levels.
76561198053276420,Recommended,214560,5634678,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Funk Ninja,Mark of the Ninja is the best investment as far as 2D platforming games go for 2013.Phenomenal playability especially if you have an XBOX 360 controller.Enjoy- you won't regret the purchase.
,Recommended,214560,17977935,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,KonsultanJodoh,"You know Naruto right?Well this isn't that, but it's an awesome ninja game.Stealth kill, distraction, secret weapon, and ninja moves.Epic story and twist.BUY IT!!You can't see me now, I'm in the shadow......"
,Recommended,214560,3685818,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,stuhp84,Amazing art style. Very well done 2D Stealth Platformer. It can be done!
,Recommended,214560,17431569,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Sanji,good game!!!
,Recommended,214560,15011638,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Crusader Kafir,A guard killed his friend and was then scared when he looked at the body.11/10
,Recommended,214560,17347229,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,G ︻╦╤─ -- --,controls are clunky but great game
76561197970326296,Recommended,214560,17347305,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ur Butt is Mine,"loved this game so much.one of the best steath games out there, i give it 9/10"
76561198171075739,Recommended,214560,17527922,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Kenshin_VX,This is defenetly a great stealh game with more than just hiding in the shadows.You can really enjoy the fast act of the challenges a head and the more you can set foot and kill by not been even heard the more points you get for upgrades and better score plus some hiden scrolls and chanllenges you can find around missions.The game really makes you feel what a real ninja it's meant to be like a tenchu game when it comes to stealh and kill your enemy's so if that's the type of game you're looking for i honestly say go for it with no regrets at all.
76561198107034621,Recommended,214560,19521188,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MegaDiggerSpark37,"Fantastic stealth game! Love the many possibilities you can have when it comes to scaring guards, passing them or have but to silence them.Recommend playing"
,Recommended,214560,1443612,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,ⱴ,"A side-scrolling assassin/stealth game mixed with puzzle elements.  In general it's a fun game, and it both looked and felt polished; it was worth the $15 on Steam.  The second time you play through gives you ""New Game+"", where you start with everything you unlocked in the first run, but the difficulty is ramped up.Heads up: you can't save in this game, so everything is dependent on Auto-Save, though it usually does a good job handling this.+ Fun power-ups and game mechcanics, and they are integrated well into the puzzles+ Graphics and art style are fantastic+ Controls are fluid but difficult to master+ It has a good story with two endings, but they are both incredibly unsatisfying.+ Voice acting, in particular foreign accents, leave something to be desired"
,Recommended,214560,10529287,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mystic_Taco,"One of the most ignored quality games, this is my favorite stealth game, hands down"
76561197969148485,Not Recommended,214560,19406001,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Dragon,This game doesn't work with wired 360 controllers.
,Recommended,214560,19396804,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,danagrabbel,"Very unqiue, and fun to play!"
76561198136325271,Recommended,214560,19699983,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Concrete,Maximum Sneak.
,Recommended,214560,19706628,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,minerusK,Great game!!!
,Recommended,214560,19704709,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,LZCleric,"This game is pretty much the love letter to every stealth game out there, if you like the genre you will definitively love this game."
,Recommended,214560,19628617,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,GGB Clawswipe,The art is amazing.The game is amazing.The ending is amazing.The amount of stuff to do is amazing.Did you buy it yet?You are amazing.
,Recommended,214560,19666396,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,KoolCid123,Best game ever
,Recommended,214560,19668047,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,S.N.K.,nice 2d game~energy329
76561198069430662,Recommended,214560,19685134,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Big Money 420,"Actually quite fun but it's not very long, Slightly more so if you go for every optional objective or mess around in the different suits you unlock, but at its core it's definitely not a bad game.78/100"
76561198094291364,Recommended,214560,11830479,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kopek,Very fun and enjoyable if you like stealth games. The art work is awesome. The Story doesn't last for long though but that is the only bad thing about this game.
76561198041386630,Recommended,214560,19623375,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,2oclubs,
76561198019361280,Recommended,214560,18828078,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,akashic_brother,"This game is an excellent, unique experience. Graphics, music and sound are coherent, atmpospheric and simply beautiful. Animation is cartoon style but still looks very, very good.  Plot is quite interesting (for a stealth platformer). Stearing is good (even for keabord/mouse users). And most of all - ""Mark of the Ninja"" offers real fun and joy. I recoment it to all players, no matter what type od games you like the most."
76561198176904367,Recommended,214560,16572121,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,insanityanarchist,:D
76561198053822517,Recommended,214560,5669271,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,WizardZelkam,If you enjoy stealth based games then I highly recommend this one
76561198050984612,Recommended,214560,16574540,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Twisted Genius,"Ninjas. If anyone thinks more needs to be said after that one word, they have serious issues.In all seriousness though, This is a stealth game that knows what it is and draws you in from the outset with an amazing aesthetic, good mechanics, great characters, and an engaging story line. Klei Entertainment has really outdone themselves with this one.If you want to join the super cool ninja club, just play this game. Trust me, you'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,214560,16576059,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,wanttux ½,"Would recommend this game to anyone who likes sneaky / stealthy games with awesome assassinations. This game is overall just awesome. So yeah if you like sneaky / stealth games, this is the game for you."
76561198027774693,Recommended,214560,16577779,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Cheys,One of the best Steath platform game i ever played :) but if you are not a fan of steath games i do not recommand it .
76561198043904856,Recommended,214560,4979941,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,McREEEEEEE,"If you like inspiring fear, swords, stealth kills, and ninjas, then GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,214560,16278608,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,robbyvdub,a
76561198014190035,Recommended,214560,16375743,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Forge,"Fantastic game. Great story, great animation/art style, excellent gameplay! For those who like stealth, but it also allows you to be more aggressive/reckless. There are so many ways to kill each guard..! Many challenges for all kinds of styles/completionists. Well worth full price."
76561198106407461,Recommended,214560,16376147,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Popalupa,"I love this game. It's challenging, fun, exciting, even hilarious at times (when you terrorize the guards). It's artstyle is great in my opinion, and the animations are fluid and swift. The gameplay is, as fore mentioned: challenging, as well as intense at certain parts. Honestly, I would go as far to say that this is THE BEST stealth game in history. I only find two problems with this game: the keyboard controls can be kind of... ""messy"". But that's not much of a problem given that this is meant to be played with a controller. And the story, though if you're anything like me, you probably won't really care about the story in this game very much.Final Verdict: 10/10 Best game, best game."
,Recommended,214560,30509459,Posted: 14 March,all,Gambiter,"EXCELLENT!! If you are into stealth or platformers with a catch, this is a great game. Animation is flawless, artistically it is very beautiful and the mechanics are spectacularly solid.Also, it has great replayability, since you can always try for different approaches to the problems. It is not very difficult, but not obvious either.Masterpiece!"
,Recommended,214560,16369448,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lasion,"An absolute masterpiece of a game. This game is the top-notch of what you would expect in a platformer and storyline, with clever secrets and puzzles. And you get to slaughter things brutally, or stealth your way around... Just buy the game. I can promise you won't regret it*.*promise may or may not be a lie."
76561198000237795,Recommended,214560,16378700,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kyvitti84,really fun enjoyed every min of its gameplay.
76561198024526601,Recommended,214560,15665082,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Jupitris,"A 2D stealth game with 2D artwork, where the point of the games is to get from point A to point B with few different path. You can infiltrate the level without anyone knowing it or you can kill anyone. Each levels has an extra puzzle challenge level which gives you point for upgrade or unlock. Later on there are skins and more gadget to use and give a slight different play style.There are no bosses in this game although some of the enemise can be very dangerous."
76561198019641734,Recommended,214560,15666675,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Galladrim,"Intelligent, streamlined platform design. Very stylistic art choice really helps create atmosphere, I love the change in appearance when you jump out of the shadows into the light and back again. The indicators this game gives you are great, elements of interest are subtly pointed out to you without being obtrusive, everything melds so well together. There's a nice range of gameplay playstyles available within any given situation, which really stands in this games favour. Do you want to try and run decoys to distract them while hiding? Do you want to set up traps to incapacitate them? Do you want to creep up close and elminate them one by one? Or do you want to go full Rambo, run and gunning your way through the level? Choice is yours, and all of them can work based on the 'Way' that you choose to take, which give you different benefits (heavier armour, can use more items, have a teleport ability, silent running etc).Plot is nothing fantastic, but it has some interesting elements to develop as it proceeds, with a nice twist at the end, that had me doing some serious thinking, and I still regretted my choice. That's the mark of a hard decision."
76561198045132760,Recommended,214560,15702028,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,kiinghaze,"best platform game ive played in a while,,well done a thinking mans game..."
76561198030721125,Recommended,214560,15386019,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Click Click,Great game. Very Nice art style
76561198045010203,Recommended,214560,15461875,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ice Shard,"Nice mix between plateforming and infiltration, which actually makes it possible to play in different ways.Also the esthetics is gorgeous, which is always a plus.It is a bit short but it is worth a buy!"
76561198064665845,Recommended,214560,6363518,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Dank,Steath Master
,Recommended,214560,15471115,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,White Power Ranger,"Best 3.75 I've spent. You run around high tech ""guarded"" areas with a knife, a few firecrackers (I chose to only use firecrackers at least lol) , and you badass ninja skills. Walk into huge buildings and slowly rip apart those guards, one by one. Dangle on a chain just above a guard and feel his warm breath as he walks by. The movement mechanics are kind of wierd at first but once you get used to them they're really intuitive and after some practice you'll be slinging around the map like a real ninja LOLOLOLOL! get it? cuz mark of da ninja lololstory is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tho. i didn't know why i had to kill people I just did cuz it was fun :3Ok, cons now:that asian girl, whatever her name is, needs to shut the hell up sometimes. seriouslyafter killing so many damn guards, I really want another assasination animationa level editor <---- seriously tho I really really want."
,Recommended,214560,15472903,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ALGUN,"If ever you have played the flash game named, "" stealth ninja"" this game expands on that concept and is beautifully done"
,Recommended,214560,2046266,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Creepy,"2D platformer stealth... if I had not played this, you could not have sold me on that idea, I just could not see how it works, now I firmly hope this spawns a whole genre if not at least a sequal. Brilliant animation and gameplay, engaging story, and fantastic challenges, Must own"
,Recommended,214560,6987420,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Drakko,It was very gratifying play this MOVIE!! =3
,Recommended,214560,15316953,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Shock and Dawg,"I was honestly blown away by the gameplay in Mark of the Ninja. This is the most balanced, satisfying stealth game I have yet played. It is not easy, but the difficulty makes it so much more satisfying when you do accomplish a takedown or beat a level. New elements are introduced in fun and creative ways. From start to finish, there is a large increase in difficulty, but the game eases you into it so well that you're never overwhelmed. With its well-crafter gameplay, Mark of the Ninja is one of my favorites."
76561198014906098,Recommended,214560,7679129,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,dmitriy0575,"после оригинального Metal Gear сыгранного на ямахе в школьном зале информатики. - эта первая игра вызвавшая давно забытые чувства, оценка 10 из 10. игра на англ. но управление полностью интуитивно понятно. Также интуитивно понятная обучалка."
,Recommended,214560,15367766,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Adventure Thyme,"Fantastic game chock full of options, different unlockable weapons, items, outfits, and playstyles to be chosen from. Interesting commentary as well, I reccomend the special edition for anyone interested in the making of the game."
,Recommended,214560,15440964,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ninjew,Best stealth game NA
,Recommended,214560,15604768,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Argo Navis,The best stealth game I've ever played.
,Recommended,214560,1899457,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,sleepyoverlord,Fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic.
76561198117901297,Recommended,214560,15565766,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,jasonquintal1984,"This game offers all the fun of a Metal Gear game, but in a 2D environment. I always enjoy games that force players to be stealthy."
,Recommended,214560,2263303,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Floxx,This game is T-AWESOME. you will quickly forget its a 2D side scroller and be one with the NINJA. Great feedback makes you feel like you can be a mightly shadow with out the need to hit F5 over and over again.
,Recommended,214560,3660633,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,the wrong guy,"Buy it, it's awsome!"
76561198162874670,Recommended,214560,15603975,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Matoi,I have heard that the xbox controller paired with this game is better than straight up PC. I would disagree with them. I prefer the PC version. The style is amazing. It really forces you to think things through for the achievements. I thought it would be impossible to do some of them but you just have to think and use your items. The one thing I know gets on my nerves a lot when I don't need it is how much the character grapples onto ledges or walls or even blocks. When maneuvering around it make it difficult to continue.
,Recommended,214560,15593112,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,cenofett,"Very good game.  If you like sidescrolling action like Shadow Complex and Deadlight, you'll like this one too."
76561197966262950,Recommended,214560,15570739,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,AEon,"There are not many jump and run games I actually was able to win back in the Commodore 64 days, but ""Bruce Lee"" was one of them... after gruesome many hours I made it. But I always loved the Asian setting of the game.Mark of the Ninja give me that same sense of wonder and adventure, in a very beautiful setting... on a modern-day PC... plus it's a lot less aggravating.If you like 2D side-scrolling games with a really nice and logical stealth system, this is the game for you. Absolutely loved the game."
,Recommended,214560,268810,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Jprof,"One of the best indie games of all time. 2d stealth that is unmatched, get it. Simply amazing."
76561197970516402,Recommended,214560,420417,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,BossJediMonkey,"Picked it up for $5 and it's on sale again! Awesome animated style. The best NINJA game ever! Yes it's better than NINJA GAIDEN. ""A must have"" raves vfrederic."
76561197985430650,Recommended,214560,15312597,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Bad Sushi,Klei Entertainment has gotten stealth down to a science. Mark Of The Ninja speeds up it's stealth gameplay without sacrificing depth by making all of it's stealth related information readable and readily available for the player. One of the best stealth games in years and my favorite game of 2012.
,Recommended,214560,15312705,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ay lmao im jus tryna KNIT boi,"The ending brutally badtouched my brain.The gameplay made me happy in the pants.The storyline kept me staring at the screen like a pedophile at a nursery.Now, I would give this game an 8/10 but right near the end I escaped ninjas wearing military standard gear that had trained all their life in the most secret dojo- the same one I trained in myself-  by hiding in a box and slowly tip-toeing away from them.10/10 best ""how the hell are they not seeing what I am doing right now"" simulator 20everyyearever."
,Recommended,214560,1465411,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Deedlydee,"This is, bar none, the best 2D stealth game I have ever played, and is second only to the Tenchu franchise (the second one didn't count!) in overall ninjery.  The mechanics are simple to learn, challenging to master, and fun to implement.  The inventory system gives you options without getting in the way, the optional goals are sensible stunts which give access to upgrades, and those upgrades provide more methods to kill, fight, or evade a man (e.g. the noisemaker upgrade, which allows you to detonate it remotely instead of on impact).You practically need a controller, but even a low-end one will do (I use a Gravis GamePad Pro I got eight years ago, which has no analog sticks so I have to use the mouse for focus targeting and the keyboard for item selection, but you can stop time while you do that so no big deal).  All in all, it's tremendously satisfying to elude and/or destroy your opponents with stealth, cunning, and trickery to overcome their superior numbers and firepower."
,Recommended,214560,15343278,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,tbailey264,"This game is some mighty fine 2D Stealth Action. A simple enough concept, advance through the levels as sneakily as possible, but the game mixes it up very well, adding new enemy types, stage hazards, etc. Stick to the shadows and stay quiet, otherwise you'll have a rough time. It's the sort of game where full on combat i.e. Assassin's Creed will get you killed. Ninjas don't tend to fare well against machine guns. If you like the stealth sections in the Batman Arkham games-hiding in the shadows, watching enemies' patterns, distracting them and drawing them to a spot you can take them out, then definitely give Mark of the Ninja a try.The story is alright and the voice acting isn't stellar, but the gameplay more than makes up for it. The cutscenes are shaded like a saturday morning cartoon, which I think fits the game quite well."
,Recommended,214560,15489459,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Sneaky Beaky,One fo the best stealth games i have ever played
,Recommended,214560,198592,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,etact,"Updated Review (May 4, 2015): Mark of the Ninja is my favorite stealth game, and there is still no competition. I am very picky about stealth gameplay, Mark of the Ninja's stealth gameplay is not extremely complicated, but it is well polished.I recommend Mark of the Ninja for:-Stealth gameplay-Hand drawn artwork-Setting and theme"
76561198079854080,Recommended,214560,15786503,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Sukundun,"If you want a good stealth game, get this one."
,Recommended,214560,15778991,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Leander (Llama),"Must have game if you wanna be a game developer.Pretty cool adaptation of super Mario in a Japanese post-apocalyptic urban world.Kinda like Akira, but with less Kaneda and Tetsuo and way more ninjas.ProsYou kill peopleConsYou gotta be quiter than the times you come back home late in the nightand your wife is sleeping and you don't wanna wake her up cause she hasearly work tommorrow and also you will probably get yeld at cause yourfat♥♥♥♥♥is late.Nevertheless, this could also be a pro. I don't know. At this point I dont care either.Have fun, it's a cool 2D stealth game. And it's actually stealth unlike AC, Hitman or THIEF"
76561197991705997,Recommended,214560,1339930,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,norrel,"Buy it, load it, play it, do it."
,Recommended,214560,28049038,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MacAndrews,"I'd had the game on my wishlist for a while now and with the steam sale going on I decided it was high time I picked this masterpiece up, I was not disappointed. I'll give my opinion on the game and give reasons why you should buy this game.First up is what kind of a game you're looking for of course. You might have figured it out already but Mark of the Ninja is a stealth game but unlike many other games of this genre you have to do it stealthy, there is no other way.Gameplay 10/10I love how smooth all the controls feels, the game mechanics and abilities all feels right and most of all it's balanced. You're not some overpowered dragon samurai ninja slayer that can slay ten men alone, but a simple ninja who's gotta rely on stealth. Troughout the game you will unlock several new abilities to fit your own playstyle. There are also 4 costumes to unlock, all with different pros and cons. Either do it lethal and slay those who oppose you or try and stay undetected troughout all levels without killing anyone (personally I like blood and thats what I'm here for, to kill people)Story 6/10The story is meh. You're choosen to bear the mark (an ink tattoo that gives the bearer somewhat enhanced abilities) you kill a bunch of people to get to the bad guy and when you've finally done it it's revealed that the guy you thought was a good guy was in reality the bad guy OMG WHAT A PLOT TWIST. Overall I thought it was okay, nothing I was annoyed about but let's be honest the game would had been hella better if they put more effort to the story.Characters 6/10Okay so here is the thing, there are very few unique characters in the game but I still don't remember their names, that must explain something in itself. There is the main ninja, then the female ninja Ora who support you trough your challenges, Dosan who's the old man that puts the ink into your skin, Azai your ninja master and Karajan the bad guy you're sent out to kill.Soundtrack 6/10There was no variation in the soundtracks. One for combat then one out of combat, nothing memorable. That last soundtrack when you have those hallucations was really good though, even looked the creator up.Final score 8/10After second playtrough I take back most of what I said earlier, this game is great and deserves atleast a 9"
,Recommended,214560,14527091,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,justmutantjed,"This is a nifty hybrid between action, puzzle, and stealth gaming, polished to a katana-keen edge.I like the opportunity to crouch, observe, and take my time (barring a few time-sensitive tasks), and rather remarkably, I do better with an X-Box controller in my hands than with keyboard and mouse.The stealth kills -- along with all the other animations -- are excellent, and the opportunity for customization (one of the things I really harp on in a game) is OK, with choices of what ninja gadgetry and techniques to use. I found the ""Hangman's Hymn"" technique to have vast potential for dark amusement... particularly when I somehow terrorized about 5-7 guards with one kill, and got most of them to shoot each other.I give Mark of the Ninja 4 bloody kunai... out of 5 (in tribute to TechTV's X-Play)."
76561197975194836,Recommended,214560,14719849,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mage_ofOld,"Overview:Mark of the Ninja is a 2D stealth / action / platformer game where you gain heightened senses and powers from an ancient a tattoo that over time turns its wearer insane.  To receive the tattoo, one must vow to commit suicide when there task is done.Pros:Challenge: There is a respectable level of challenge.  Although nothing compared to the likes of Dark Souls, you can still expect to be challenged.  This is especially true if you are trying to complete the challenges for each level or new game plus.Variety: Whether you are stealthing the whole level or killing everyone in site, plenty of abilities and consumables exist to help you in your quest.Production Quality: Klei entertainment did a really good job with this one.  It is a small game but well rounded.  Good music, voice acting, a respectable story, good game mechanics, and a decent challenge.  Levels are open with a few paths available to traverse and the art direction is top notch.Stealth:  Stealth in this game is really good.  Each situation will require you to carefully plan out your actions.  Some mobs are easier to sneak past than others and you must carefully utilize your limited consumables.Cons:Length: This isn't so much a con as it is a wish that I could have kept playing.  Mark of the Ninja is intended as a smaller game, it's just a shame that this gem couldn't have been more.  About 10-12 hours of gameplay, more if you play new game plus or try for all the challenges.Conclusion:Mark of the Ninja is a great game to play from time to time and really is a gem.  It is a smaller game so if you just don't have a lot of time or don't want to get involved in a huge game, then this is for you.  Even if you don't like stealth, you can still enjoy this game.  The stealth aspect is very action oriented and you won't get bored.Score: 9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,214560,14721776,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,SleepyStar☆,"One of the first games I ever bought on Steam and by far one of my favorites.Great stealth 2d ninja game. Very clever level designs, and hard enemies."
76561197978150294,Recommended,214560,14706133,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Deadmoo5e,All stealth games should aspire to this standard.
,Recommended,214560,14712727,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RedXIII,"Really a good game!Mechanics are simple to understand but complex enough to challenge you if you want to run after points. The 2D art is beautiful, and the level design offers a lot of differents way to handle situation. Want to kill them all? You can! To avoid them all? You can! More tricky, you want them to kill each other? You can too!About 5-6 hours of gameplay if you are just interested by the story, a bit more if you are looking for a high score."
,Recommended,214560,14444010,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,tomoose0529,Awesome game so far. A lot of well done stealth mechanics. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,214560,14454740,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,eymanthatsSKREWEDup,Good game.
76561198090914877,Recommended,214560,14455040,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,hhbrady,Nearly-perfect stealth side-scroller.
,Recommended,214560,14455189,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,digivampire,"Absolute awesome game. Extremely well thought out, dynamic and challanging obstacles with pretty much always more than one way to go around them. The game adapts to your style of ninja. You wanna go around and stalk from the shadows and take down opponents one by one to achieve your goal? Sure you can. You feel merciful and want to find a way without ever being detected? Sure. Going out guns blazing? Perhaps not the best approach but you can do that too at the expense of points. Something for everyone.Graphics are amazingly well done, well varied, and your actions compliment the environment. Sounds are on par with the graphics which convey improtant decisions. For example, if you run your footsteps will alert nearby guards, sloppy kills will result in screams, etc.Levels are not boring, tons of variety here and different goals. Sometimes you will have to sneak and not risk detection. Others you will want to introduce mayhem and slip in the shadows. Other times you are just there for the kill.Regardless if you enjoy platformers, unless you absolutely hate them, do get this game even if to try something else. I promise you, it will be a pleasent experience.10/10"
76561198140442560,Recommended,214560,19035306,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,IAmThePonch,"Mark of the Ninja is an excellent side scrolling 2D stealth game. Not only does it look gorgeous, with an art style reminiscient of Samurai Jack and Disney movies like Mulan, but its gameplay mechanics are honed to a fine sheen so that you're constantly getting new upgrades, learning how to do new things, or forced to work around new obstacles.In this game, you play as a ninja who is covered in tatoos that give him special abilities, like enhanced reflexes. This gives the sword wielding assassin an edge over his machine gun wielding enemies, but it comes at a cost. According to legend, the tatoos will eventually drive its host insane, which means they must kill themselves before it's too late.While the enhanced reflexes are great, that's not the only trick the Ninja has up his sleeve. As you progress, you unlock more abilities you unlock with medals you get for completing levels well (not getting seen, distracting enemies, getting a high score, finding hidden scrolls and completing certain challenges within the level). You get fun distraction tools like flares and firecrackers, which are useful for drawing attention away from you. you can also get attack items, like a spike mine which impales any enemy who walks over it or, my personal favorite, some darts coated in poison that panics enemies, which can cause them to shoot their allies in their fear. These options, coupled with the smart, semi open level design, means you can approach any given situation from several different ways. Do you take out the lights, using the cover of darkness to sneak by? Do you skulk around, eliminating each enemy one by one and hide their bodies in a grate? Or, better yet, do you hang from some perches and string their bodies up to strike fear into the heart of anyone who sees the gruesome display?So,the gameplay is excellent. The pacing for new abilities and challenges is also really good. Each level adds a new obstacle you must take into account when planning out your approach. The game's challenge is terrific, too. It rewards, careful, methodical play while simultaneously encouraging experimentation thanks to generous checkpoints.Sadly, the same can't be said for the story. It feels incredibly underwritten, like entire scenes of character and plot development were cut from the final product. It's hard to describe without just playing the game, but let me put it this way: There were several moments that were supposed to have a big impact but didn't because almost none of the characters were well developed. There is a mildly interesting plot twist near the end though, which leads to an intriguing moral choice. But, after I made that choice, the game just... ended. It happened, and that was it.I guess you can't have everything with smaller games, which is fine. This game is very, very well designed and a lot of fun thanks to its open approach to stealth (pure stealth, too, harkening back to games like Thief the Dark Project, rather than  'action or stealth'). The story is mediocre and underwritten, but that won't matter when you're moving through the shadows and eliminating fools one by one. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,19030360,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Yami,nyessss
,Recommended,214560,19057998,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,thraeq,Awesome!
,Recommended,214560,19153577,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jmaq,YOUR A NINJA
,Recommended,214560,16710769,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,newt｜SF2MP,It's good.
,Recommended,214560,16605115,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,aperturephotographylabs,"Great little game, I got it when it was around £1 but at 50% off it's still totally worth it; snap it up now!"
,Recommended,214560,16582500,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Other Barry,Sneaky!
76561198136302271,Recommended,214560,16588853,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,suoqqo,"Omg this game, so good, you need it, if you love, being a ninja, puzzles, beeing scary, good story, good visuals and GAMES. Only SMALL downsides was the buttonlayout and... aammm....... aammmm.... yeah... I would give this 9,75 ninjas / 10 terrified soldiers who are shooting each other, as i'm watch them whit a ""i like to see the world burn"" smile c:"
76561197991290114,Recommended,214560,1316545,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,ScrubbestLeague,"This is one of the best stealth action games ever made.  Like, Metal Gear Solid (the first one) quality, without the terrible translation and voice acting."
,Recommended,214560,16761953,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ineser,One of the best Ninja game ever!
,Recommended,214560,16765114,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,ImperialKhador,"Mark of the Ninja is an excellent game.  It combines an engaging story with great stealth gameplay, and the art and music fit perfectly. Multiple play styles offer great replay value  This is one that almost begs for a level editor."
,Recommended,214560,16770729,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,OldBlack,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played. The game has a plentiful number of interesting mechanics, such as the light/darkness, grappling hook, wall climbing, terrifying enemies, and so on. These provide an opportunity for a kind of bloodthirsty artwork as you combine all your skills, darting around and picking off enemies one by one.The graphics, whilst nothing jaw-dropping, are well crafted. The character animations are smooth, and the stealth kills can be beautifully brutal.There's only a couple complaints. First, with the controls: they generally work perfectly fine, but occasionally they prove cumbersome and your character will end up doing something entirely other than what you intended. This happens most often in areas where complicated traversal is required. Which brings up the next complaint. There are a few segments which force you to passively avoid enemies. These tend not to be fun, and occur too frequently. Other than that, the game is a blast."
,Recommended,214560,16817037,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Maxaxle,"Gameplay: 10/10 (It's all a matter of whether you want to attack guards head-on, disappear them, give them PTSD, or just sneak past them. Guess which approaches you'll probably end up using.)Controls: 9/10 (Refined, but keyboard controls leave a little to be desired...like the ability to select one specific item at a given location without selecting something else instead.)Level design: 9.5/10 (There are a handful of situations you can't just sneak out of.)Graphics/Aesthetic: 10/10Audio: 10/10 (Really nice foley, too.)Overall: AMAZING stealthy platformy game with enough variety to keep things interesting.TL;DR Unpersoning Simulator 2012"
76561198133694609,Recommended,214560,16003936,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Microsoft Excel,Amazing game. One of the best stealth games out there
,Recommended,214560,16115410,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Zypher,"One of the few stealth games that got sneaking around right, and damn did Klei get it right!"
,Recommended,214560,846935,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Murcee,casual stealth game with a lovely art style
76561198077063794,Recommended,214560,16102757,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"Mark of the Ninja is the best stealth game I've ever played. It teaches you to play without holding your hand, it's extremely fun, and it's well balanced; there's enough challenge for those that want it, but it won't make lesser players tear their hair out.If I have one problem, it's the controls. They're sometimes quite poor; it can be difficult to climb through a vent or get out of it when you're sticking to every surface. And it could be easier to dispose of bodies in hiding places WITHOUT you hiding there instead. But these are minor issues.Overall, it's a very fun, accessible, well-made game. And this is coming from someone who hates stealth games."
,Recommended,214560,16103389,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Porco Rosso,Great game! I loved it!
,Recommended,214560,16121474,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Cat J,"If you love stealth games, Buy this!"
,Recommended,214560,16123084,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Alberny,"I suck at stealth games, just not my style but this one is very appealing to me"
,Recommended,214560,15457705,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Лёха,"much ninja, much fun11/10 would bang again"
,Recommended,214560,15768002,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,retroTim,I really enjoyed everything about this game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys stealth games.
76561198195857417,Recommended,214560,15808350,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Methodkiller,"Mark of the Ninja is simply a masterpiece.15€, that's what I paid for it and it's so worth it. It's such a unique experience with an amazing gameplay, with exceptional animation, levels and atmosphere. I just love everything about this game. Let's hope Klei Entertainment makes us a sequel... !!!"
,Recommended,214560,15958953,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Turtly,It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing m8 i r8 88/8
,Recommended,214560,981904,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,humanvegetableonline2002,One of the better 2D action platformers I have played.
76561198156260572,Recommended,214560,15935022,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,LocalJihad,Very good game but the controls take time to get used to.
,Recommended,214560,8645713,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Shiwakao,"Mark of the Ninja is a wonderful mix of a 2D Platformer and a Stealth game. Think Solid Snake but with... Sonic, I guess, since he runs up walls. Though you can't attack without doing it to assassinate someone, doing it in stealth is very satisfying. You even get points for hiding the body!The controls are very responsive and the graphics and gameplay are well made. I highly recommend this jewel of a game. It's worth fifteen bucks."
76561197970245093,Recommended,214560,385928,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Neò,This game rocks!  Its an indie game but the quality is so good that even microsoft game studios helped produce it.
,Recommended,214560,7401467,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Doppelzett,"Go get it, that game's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,214560,13428505,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Gorkfu,You get to be an awesome ninja!10/10
76561197965361589,Recommended,214560,13484690,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Psymon²,An impressive and intuative reinventing of stealth gameplay.
,Recommended,214560,13518446,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gortag,A truely modern stealth game that shook up the genre and brought many new elements together into one fun package. It changed the genre for the better.
,Recommended,214560,13519473,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ragtter,"This fantastic 2D stealth-action game by Klei is satisfying, tense and exciting! Avoid your foes, incapacitate them... or kill everyone in your path. Play how you want!"
76561197969398727,Recommended,214560,352093,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Zero Ducks Given,I'MMA NINJA!
,Recommended,214560,13530441,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,KrazyTech,"Great art and animation with fun, unique gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,13797707,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Evan,
,Recommended,214560,13800368,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,socks,damn son
,Recommended,214560,13813492,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,ma$ta $waggy,"A 2D stealth game with a good assortment of level design and lots of earnable goodies based on performance. Things like costumes completely influence how you would tackle a mission. One costume removes your items that harm people, and even takes away your weapon, but makes running completely silent (sprinting is usually fairly noisy), and you get extra items to draw guards' attentions elsewhere. There is a favorite costume for most any playstyle.Another enjoyable thing is that the levels, while they don't get impossibly hard, they do get hard enough, and give you enough freedom, that you are able to make use of your entire arsenal in creative ways. An issue I had with Gunpoint was that I never had any moments where I established a situation where I had an awesome domino effect of events that was flashy and effective. Mark of the Ninja has you think on your feet in many situations, without the ability to sit and make a plan. However, you can take some damage, so not all is lost if you're spotted.My favorite moment was using a costume that incites terror in enemies upon seeing a dead body. (As opposed to hunting down the player and becoming more alert. Terrified enemies will fire wildly and more importantly, not call in alarms) I killed a guard, then threw his body into a room of 3 other guards. Upon seeing the body, all three guards opened fire at it, the forward 2 guards being killed in the process. The lone guard, reacting to a new dead body, stumbled backwards, and off of a ledge, falling to his death.These kinds of defining moments are what make the game reward tactical thinking, and exploiting every advantage of your costume to give you that sense of fulfillment. Feeling like you've used your character's abilities to their extent in certain situations, while it leaves you wanting more, doesn't give that icky feeling of ""I never reached my potential."""
76561198119476667,Recommended,214560,13752946,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Piepie the Saliorman,comletly awesome
,Recommended,214560,13756588,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Toppa,"An absolute gem in the stealth genre for a pretty cheap prize.If you are hoping for a game were you can go in 'guns blazing', then this isn't the game you are searching for."
76561198092243489,Recommended,214560,16402107,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,We are Venom,"Sneaky peaky ninja♥♥♥♥♥♥and things. Slice that ♥♥♥♥er, and like... hide too. Do it and say ""♥♥♥♥ the police."" 8/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,214560,16384959,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,sit down for a spook,"Why can't we just have a silenced pistol? either way, good stealth-based game."
76561198006679820,Recommended,214560,2390153,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,The_Trickster,Another great little game
76561198220236180,Recommended,214560,16410553,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Imperium Nox,"It is brilliant, with amazing gameplay and a resolved ending that summarises and finishes the story very well."
,Recommended,214560,16464740,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Meme Marrakech,"Best ninja game since Tenchu: Stealth Assassins. Despite being a 2D side-scrolling platformer, Mark of the Ninja's craftsmanship vaults it on top of the category. The excellent craftsmanship of Klei Entertainment resonates from the smooth animation reminiscent of Samurai Jack and Batman Animated Series to the ultra-responsive controls (despite I play it using mouse and keyboard). However, buttons do tend to get mixed up at times using the WASD layout so if you have an extra gamepad lying around, the game may be easier.There's a good amount of puzzle solving and a lot of collectibles within the game that enhances its replayability. In fact, you can go through the game without engaging into combat (the game actually encourages it through bonuses) but it's very challenging especially if you're using the mouse + keyboard controls.  Story is pretty standard but hey, so do most cartoons. What is important is the game's A-level craftsmanship despite being an indie title makes it a must-own. Buy it, even if it's not on sale. It's that good."
76561198012208069,Recommended,214560,16465608,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,chairmanceo2u,I love this game.. I have mad ninja skills yo...
76561198112514891,Recommended,214560,16455277,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HYES!,"I highly recommend this game to everyone to everyone who has ever liked the idea of ninjas.This game can be anything you'd like, a stealthy heist of a mercenary headquarters or a target practice to test your limitless and creative ways to end a man's life.You can follow different paths based on your playstyle, like killing everything you see, being as stealthy as you can be, or just terrifying your foes. The art is gorgeous, visuals are stunningly beautiful, the music is captivating and really puts you in the situation, i.e. (my heart IRL beats quickly when I'm spotted).This game is very culturally professional, as well, with the ninjas wearing blue instead of black, no offensive Japanese stereotypes, and overall is a realistic Ninja Simulator, adding to the experience.Finally, this game makes you feel AWESOME playing it! You're an awesome ninja who assassinates people in awesome ways! You have a sense of power over the environment, which really is a great thing in a game.10/10. 10/10. 100/100. Best game. Best game. <3(Best played with the lights off) ;)"
,Recommended,214560,16458693,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rawk,"One of the best stealth games I've played in years. Excellent control, a pretty engaging story, and replayability galore. It's everything I want in a game, and then some."
,Recommended,214560,16459588,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SaintedSlappy,"Yet another beautifully realised game from Klei, The distinctive artstyle employed in all Klei games makes them a must have purely for that aspect alone and even with the great art which they obviously spend a lot of time and effort on they still make great games. This happens to be one of the best stealth action games ever made, Putting to shame some of the triple A devs attempts at stealth action.If you're a fan of the stealth genre then this game is an absolute must have, While it's a fairly short game it is extremely enjoyable and a feast for the eyes."
,Recommended,214560,7411907,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Medo,love it
76561198082857664,Recommended,214560,7018492,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Tytannis,So damn good it makes my balls hurt!
76561198050919004,Recommended,214560,16197964,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[Chosŏn]Ranttila,AWESOME
,Recommended,214560,16200404,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mendu,"This game does everything SO right. I've been meaning to check out the expansion (and finally started years late), and it's every bit the game I remembered. Beautiful animation and art, great style, and incredibly rewarding gameplay make this game an absolute MUST for any platformer or stealth game fan.One of the few games I 100% recommend without a single ""but"" coming into play."
,Recommended,214560,16271924,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Lorgarmor,"This game does everything it wants to do the right way.Every problem you encounter can be solved in different ways, either silent and sneaky or deadly or by efficient distraction. Also because you have a lot of freedom in movement (climbing walls, grappling hook, vents, ...)It is not an action game! Action is even less prominent than in Splinter Cell. In my eyes it is more like a puzzle game, where it is crucial to find the right solution for a problem or situation by analyzing the environment and your opponents.And if you want to, you can try to find the solution which provides the most points, which can also be very fun, if you're into it.The game provides points for every action you do andgenerally, the more silent and inconspicious you act, the more points you get, though some sophisticated ways to kill also give a lot of points (e.g. scaring a guard so much it shoots another one or even jumps off a cliff into death).The story-line of this game is pretty nice, and a bit twisted, and has a nice ending (no spoilers here). Although I think, there would have been (or still is) a lot of potential for more Levels/Campaigns, just because the mechanics are so awesome.After going through the campaign once a new difficulty is unlocked (New Game Plus), which gives the whole game a much more realistic character and contains real new qualititative difficulties. E.g. your vision is limited to the direction you actually face, you don't see enemies' sight range anymore, you do not see sound ranges and enemies generally recognize you faster. It makes it awesome to replay the whole game again because in some situations these changes have a real impact and needs you to think more to get past it.Summary:An awesome and diverse stealth-puzzle-game with awesome mechanics, nice story-line and very high replayability (at least once), but a little bit short."
,Recommended,214560,15060051,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Tysonius (TysonsWorldOfGames),"Ok so, Mark of the Ninja, I got this game quite awhile back after seeing my friend Sunnyside193 livestreaming it. I'd already had positive opinion on Klei Entertainment (being a big player of Don't Starve) so I gave MotN a go... turns out I suck at it but that just makes it even more fun!There is this really great art style that just works for 2D stealth, and some amazing animation to back it.Now the game mechanics are phenominal! Amazing stealth tricks like Smoke Bombs, Grappling Hooks & even MOTHS! All the more way to creatively kill the security of a fortress or the mercenaries of a castle!Story? Well now, let me just tell you, this story of Honor, Betrayal & Redemption is simply astonishing! I've played lots of story based games before, and none of them have stood out like Mark of the Ninja has.After having your clan wiped out, you track down the mastermind behind it for the Honor of your clan, only to find that your master has turned against you, using the technology newly acquired from your mission. With strange but deadly ink in your marking tattoos, you hone yourself to beat even the newly equipped ninjas and assassins, to punish the traitor that is your master.Ok so my opinions now!PRO'S!- Amazing Animation & Art Style- Memorable Story- Feels... lots of Feels- Colourful array of Characters- Very well Executable Ninja TechniquesCON'S!- Not too much Replay Value (except for New Game + Mode)- Some levels are too short / too repetitive- Sound can be quite out of place in some spotsOverall Rating8.5/10There is some that could be done better in MotN, but overall, an amazing game!I would highly recommend purchasing the Special Edition version for the additional Storymode Chapter. Sooo good!"
,Recommended,214560,2086892,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Grav,"This game is downright impressive in terms of gameplay. Some of the best free running and platforming of the modern gaming era combined with stealth action create a swift and challenging game that rewards precision and creative thinking. Multiple options are available at every turn to either dispatch your opponents gruesomely or simply sneak by them.While the story may not be the most impressive, it's kept mostly simple and classic, a tale of a Ninja fighting for the honor of his clan. What will surprise you is just what really offends that honor."
76561198220207896,Recommended,214560,16086942,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MrTinyFace,"The screenshots don't do the beautiful fluidity of this game's animation justice. A really nice and well designed detection system, where the player can't see through walls, but can hear where guards are and remember where they where last. Fantastic. Totally worth full price for anyone who likes stealth in the slightest."
,Recommended,214560,16332500,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,StevenSeagal,"This is probably one of the best stealth games I've played in ages. The unique mechanics found in the game, combined with the fun tools and tough enemy encounters make for a very fun experience. The story was ok and some of the voice acting felt a little forced, but the overall gameplay is top notch."
,Recommended,214560,18622347,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Oak_Gulch63,"Best game i have ever playedGreat story, gameplay and is really addictive"
,Recommended,214560,6263649,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,[BYTG] The Lonely Cloud,"A fun game, even with its rather short plotline. Mark of the ninja is a great side scrolling stealth game."
76561198231849892,Recommended,214560,18626872,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Niched Man,"Superbly well designed game, polished to the finest detail.Not a single moment where the gameplay isn’t fluid and compelling.Possibly the pest 2D platformer I've played.Postmortem style developer commentary is a nice touch aswell."
76561197970548518,Recommended,214560,18645683,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Stef,"Loved it! Very slick and nice platformer. Love the graphical style. Maybe a bit too easy but I didn't mind, and there's always the challenge mode if you feel that way inclined"
,Recommended,214560,18646046,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,The Boss of this Cemetery,"Mark of the Ninja just gets stealth right, don't hesitate and buy it now!"
76561198013410393,Recommended,214560,18827711,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ceffas,This is a great game! It's so immersive! I haven't had so much fun with a 2D game for a few years!Congratulations to your really good work!
,Recommended,214560,18901045,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BooBuTheGreat,This is a great game! It wields a beautiful story whilst testing your reflexes and problem stolving abilities. 10/10!
,Recommended,214560,18901401,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Benoz,Love It! 8/10
76561197962958782,Recommended,214560,135047,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,MMOnster,This Game is a sweet 2D side scroller with full Xbox 360 Controller support.
,Recommended,214560,3800058,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Ben,Remarkable stealth action game that will keep you addicted!
76561198035592934,Recommended,214560,4327671,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Thrache,Awesome!!
,Recommended,214560,18959961,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Packers4Evar12,"Have you ever thought while playing the stealth parts of the Batman Arkham games that that alone would make a pretty sweet game, but as a side scrolling platformer? Mark of the Ninja is that game."
76561197965158099,Recommended,214560,18977613,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Hekatonkheires,"Absolutely wonderful. Beautiful graphics and level design. Excellent ninja action. Makes you feel like a combination of whichever Tenchu character you prefer and Batman. (If he killed, and hanged his victims as a warning to the rest; or caused their corpses to erupt into venomous spores or spikes or...)Only complaint is that it is a bit too easy on the first playthrough, but that is more than rectified with the New Game+ mode that limits your vision to the direction your character is facing.Summary: Can hang corpses from lamp-posts in order to make enemies♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves and shoot each other/10"
76561198019091039,Recommended,214560,18973333,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Nykon,First time through - Absolute blast!Second time through - Still as good as I remember!
,Recommended,214560,7776986,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,diazflac,"Amazing stealth 2D gameplay.Master the art of the ultimate assassins as you make your way through the shadows of the night, avoiding both visual and aural detection.You are rewarded points based on your efficiency, speed, finesse and stealth, as well as whether or not optional objectives have been completed throughout a stage. Find a convenient out of the way place to stash that guard's body you just stealth killed? Well you get points for that, too.Birds become startled as you walk by and make noise, alerting nearby enemies. You can use your kunai to shatter overhead lights, darkening the area and allowing for more cover, but doing so makes noise and will alert guards in the nearby vicinity, so you'll have to gauge the situation first. Unless it is a chandelier, in which case you won't just shatter the light, but rather drop the entire fixture down atop your opponent's head for an easy mark.If an enemy's body isn't moved out of plain view and another guard happens upon it, their behavior becomes more frantic and they'll be on higher alert, so you'll have to exert even more cunning and stealth to ensure you aren't spotted.If you are noticed, it's best to find a dark corner to hide out in for a bit. Just like with the old Metal Gear Solid games, you're better off finding a good place to hide out for awhile and let the tension and alertness levels ""reset"" rather than sit there in the middle of the fire fight.Controls are intuitive and smooth, and sneaking around in stages is pretty exhilirating. The grappling hook allows you to quickly access designated beams and rafters and even ceiling vents and you can wait from these positions in the darkness to drop down on the unsuspecting foes below.If you are a fan of gameplay that rewards stealth, or even just action platforming games with a great art style, definitely give this a look."
,Recommended,214560,18887155,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fish,"About the only thing that I didn't exactly appreciate was the fact that we're playing a ninja in a modern setting. If it was set during feudal Japan, this game would have been perfect.That said, I like everything else about this game. It is one of the best stealth games that i've played in a very very long time. From start to end, this game stays 100% true to the stealth genre.The visuals are impressive. The level designs are good, and missions are fun. Adding on top of that is an amazing soundtrack.The game's story is also told in a rather unconventional way. Instead of telling you exactly what just happened, the story of this game is told indirectly at times and needs to be interpreted by the players themselves.The game also rewards you for taking different approaches (as long as you're not detected). Distracting enemies, smart use of gadgets and environments, striking from shadow, sneaking past guards etc. all reward the player with score. Besides, each missions all have multiple paths and multiple ways of approaching them. This adds quite a lot of replay value and encourage players to try different methods.If you like stealth games, this one is a must own in my opinion."
76561198054378802,Recommended,214560,18912936,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ProÐeG,Awesome game if you like to sneak around like a ninja or just kill every opponent while playing the missions(maps).
76561198150801901,Recommended,214560,15391522,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Murdrad,Very good stealth and MetroidVaina like platforming
,Recommended,214560,15344587,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Meat Fiddle,"I fully expected this to be a typical ""beat it once and forget about it"" kind of game, but it's definitely on my list of games I want to beat again.  This is one of the best stealth games I've ever played, never felt like I was grinding it out."
,Recommended,214560,15328869,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,FadetheBack,Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214560,15332225,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ViDaL..,game is awesomee....... nothing else to say. just buy it
76561198033576631,Recommended,214560,15332455,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Reya1s,"Good story, arcade platformer. Good time killer."
,Recommended,214560,15334751,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Usagi,"Oh yes. This is the 5h17.I love stealth games, and I love ninjas.I especialy love games that punishes you for being too impulsive or action focused.Mark of the Ninja is mainly focused on assasinations, not actual swordplay or impressive swordplay. The story is very nice, and it leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,214560,15328117,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Chad Thundercock,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥, this game is amazing , if you like stealth + platforming + puzzles = buy this game right ♥♥♥♥ing now !"
,Recommended,214560,15090148,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Maguro Man,Great Platformer with nice visuals and soundtrack. Gameplay gets addictive pretty fast and multiple upgrade paths make for tons of replayability.
,Recommended,214560,15102033,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Phroday,Fantastic little stealth indie title. Ive played it through twice and have no negative words to say about it. Very worth a purchase.
76561198141281551,Recommended,214560,15111620,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Jorgius,"Awesome game, nice story, awesome mechanics (except for fighting, but open fighting is not important in a stealth game)It may get a bit boring if you just like me want to get all stage objectives, because trying to do so may require a lot practice and error for some of the objectives"
76561198035941088,Recommended,214560,15168872,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Fallen Lenhart,"Its sad when this 2d stealth game is more in depth ,challenging and has a better combat system than Assassins Creed,ago ahead and pick up this when its on sale. very fun. good for if you dont have alot of time, it has a very good checkpoint system"
,Recommended,214560,15128092,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,a lost swam appeared,"+Appealing art style+Simple but satisfyng controls and mechanics+Fairly challeging stealth puzzles+Achievement hunting for the true fan-Repetetive; one trick pony-Bland and predictable story-Short: one playtrough will last you about 6 hoursArt/visual:  8.5Gameplay:  7Lasting apeal: 5.5I'd get it for reduced price. It's an ok game at best and will only entertain you for a few hours. The ""overwhelmingly postive"" and 9.1 metacritic score are misleading. You are not missing out on that much. 7.5/10 seems to be better as an overal score."
,Recommended,214560,15128341,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sunr' ever,"Terrific game, I loved it! It's beautiful, the puzzles are progressively challenging (no difficulty spikes), gameplay is balanced and it has great repleayability. The DLC is very short though, I beat it in less than 10 minutes, but it's fun nevertheless. I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,214560,15132077,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,LightningLad27,"Mark of the Ninja makes you re-think the conventions of modern games. Normally, you'd go in with all you got, kill anybody in your way with your vast arsenal.Well...Mark of the Ninja is unlike them. It makes you think.Do you want to get through the level by killing as many guards as you can? Go ahead!Do you want to sneak through the level without harming a soul? Go for it!In Mark of the Ninja, you're frail, you can't take many hits. Stealth is your best friend. You can murder from the shadows or stay in the shadows, the choice is yours!I, myself, love games that make you think about your next move, so to end this review, I want to say that I HIGHLY recommend this game if you love action and thinking!"
,Recommended,214560,15132232,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hazardx888,Such a great stealth game
,Recommended,214560,15133918,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,"Ninety,Nine,Nite","Awesome game, nice gameplay and quite interesting ways to follow the story. It demands skills and can be challenging, for a good price, a must have!"
,Recommended,214560,15191334,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Takwin,"SCORE: 9.3/10Amazing game by Klei, makers of Don't Starve. The best 2D stealth platformer ever made. Enjoyable and balanced from start to finish."
76561198055771469,Recommended,214560,13951966,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,minnow1776,The art style and gameplay are what should attract you to Mark of the Ninja. Silently making your way through a level while stabbing everyone you see can be challenging but makes you feel like a true BAMF. In the end it's a really fun stealth game that accommodates for different play styles.
,Recommended,214560,13940496,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Drizzt Do'urden,Best side-scroller ever. Period.
76561198042951950,Recommended,214560,4892067,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Tundra,"I never thought a 2D sidescrolling stealth game could actually work, but by golly gosh is this one good. Once you get the hang of the game, you're gonna have a blast playing it."
76561198043111344,Recommended,214560,13946734,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,okamiboo,"MotN is a fantastic and full of nostalgia for older gamers like myself. It made me miss the side-scrolling ninja games of my youth. I used a controller for this one, and think the game was all that much better for it.Lots of fun! I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,214560,13947212,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,charginglasers,"A fun stealthy platformer. The story is mediocre, but the visuals are great, the gameplay excellent, and the puzzles fun. You'll always feel cool and in control as you sneak around. It supports a lot of playstyles, although personally I'm more or less convinced that the only ones out there are ""let them all live"" and ""kill everything."""
76561198115269448,Recommended,214560,13728960,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Andy31,"A great game in a stealth way, it can result into a challenging play for anyone new to this kind of gameplay, personally I got hooked while looking into a similar game like batman arkham series on hunter mode at the beginning it appears a bit slow but as you unlock the ""classes"" it can make a unique play even if you go through the same levels, also featuring a lot of collectables and if the historyline and the plot may not look an original line or impacting one I think is a game really worth having even more on any sale"
,Recommended,214560,6643165,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Artorias,"Um dos melhores jogos indies que já joguei, a dificuldade é bem alta, recomendo muito."
,Recommended,214560,13764801,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Craggle,"Mark of the Ninja is a fun stealth game, with a great 2D art style. You can hide or throw bodies, set traps, upgrade your weapons/items, and even terrorize your enemies from the shadows with a unique arsenal of items.Level design is fairly straightforward but there's a good amount of replayability if you're the completionist type."
76561198078512829,Recommended,214560,13766135,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Paddy,This game is one of the only games that truly shows what a ninja is. All of the other ninja games like Shinobi and Ninja Gaiden are just hack and slashs but this is mainly stealth orientated. The assasination mechanic is great and the costumes are a great way to change up the gameplay. It is no doubt the best ninja game on the market. Another great game from Klei!10/10
,Recommended,214560,13770694,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,naughtyNuff,One of the best stealth games i've played!
76561198067478382,Recommended,214560,6494169,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Kendizzy,"Best Indie game I've played in a long, long time.  Hell, maybe the best game I've played over the last year."
,Recommended,214560,235193,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,theSchäp,"Mark of the Ninja recreates all the joy I remember from the old Thief series, but in 2d. The controls are fluid, tight, and every death or fault is reflected in the UI making it impossible to blame anyone but yourself for failure. Story+ is also available upon completing the game to further challenge yourself, or feel like a badass. This game was delightful till the end."
76561198067627641,Recommended,214560,13818681,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Galford,"I didn´t expect a lot from this game cause i'm not a big fan of 2D games. How wrong I was. This game is as interesting and fun as any other 3D game out there. You can either kill every and each of your enemies or hide in the dark and wait for the right moment to leave. I loved the gameplay, the graphics and the way the game fits the players personality. Give it a try, you wont regret it.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,13819723,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,PurplePieman,A great game that plays well and has plenty to do. It's a challenge without being frustrated and there are many ways that you can finish a level.
76561198043926228,Recommended,214560,13821762,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MondoV5,"I wish all games were like Mark of the Ninja. This was just an absolute gem to play through. If you have the time patience and money, buy this, play it and enjoy it. SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOD!"
,Recommended,214560,3615417,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,exit,fantastic
76561198031586190,Recommended,214560,13725105,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Cammo53,"This is a 2D stealth game which is simple in the design and at the same time very entertaining. You can choose many ways to finish most of the levels, adapting your gameplay to your style.You can kill enemies in many different ways (one cooler than the other), always surprising them like a true ninja does.You can customize your character by choosing which upgrades to buy: you can uograde your gadgets or unlock new techniques."
,Recommended,214560,13726227,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hitomi Kisugi,"It's an amazing game, I couldn't stop playing it and when I finished I hoped to have a second chapter to play asap. I liked the graphic, the weather effects, the cutscenes... the blood and the sound effects when you pierce the enemy with the sword is a bit disgusting in the beginning, but then you get used to it. :)Hope they'll create another game like this, I love ninjas!"
,Recommended,214560,290860,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,SteelPriest,"sneaky sneaky, stabby stabby :D"
,Recommended,214560,13759073,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dysphemia,"There are many games about Ninjas out there, but most of them are just pure hack and slash. I think this game have captured the real ""identity"" of being a ninja. This game sells it self!"
,Recommended,214560,12286331,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Subcomandante Calisto,A masterpiece of perfectly orchestrated ninja glory! this game is a jewl!
,Recommended,214560,12289909,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Troll Hammer,"This is a great game, awesome mechanics, graphics and story. If you enjoyed Shank, shank 2 than youll love this one"
,Recommended,214560,12405679,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,DeathPixel,"This is the kind of game I never get tired to play!The story is great, the visuals are awesome and it is so fun everytime I play that i can tell is one of my favs."
,Recommended,214560,311336,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,SoulMan,"A solid stealth game for its genre.  Good mechanics, loved the way sounds effected the world, and the color-shift that denoted moving between stealth and non-stealth.  Easily fits up there with Tenchu, Thief, and Dishonored for some of the stealth games of memory."
76561198049115839,Recommended,214560,12419842,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,JayHong,"One of the best stealth game.The only thing I would want from this game, from the developer, is that it would be f**ing awesome if it contains custom level design, like that of Portal 2.Then I would play this game forever and ever."
76561197966452262,Recommended,214560,12432308,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Black_Bird,"In my oppinion one of the best stealth games out there. Great 2D art, fluid movements.To make matters short it is just a joy to play. If you like stealth games, especially those that make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ninja. Buy it ;)"
76561198061940391,Recommended,214560,12432483,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SteazGaming,"Best Stealth game I've ever played.  I'm not a huge 2D platformer, but also my favorite one of those two.  The thought that went into every detail of this game is what makes it great."
,Recommended,214560,2958865,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Shaezerus,"Did you ever play Trilby: Art of Theft? Did you think it would be cooler if it starred a ninja instead of some idiot named after a hat? DO I HAVE THE GAME FOR YOUFor the rest of you, you should play this painfully beautiful thing."
76561197992280032,Recommended,214560,1371189,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,AngryMutantPenguin,Fuel for that part of you that's always wanted to hang a dead body from a lamp post and then watch as the people below butcher each other in fear.
76561197962179060,Recommended,214560,10949592,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rave2Rave,VERY addictive stealth game in the style of 'shank 2'! quite difficult!one of the best indie games ever!
,Recommended,214560,10950463,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kingorgg,An excellent stealth game. You should play it if you have the chance. 9/10
,Recommended,214560,11114332,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Jackass,This game takes second favorite platformer ever for me.Second only to Megaman (sorry mario.)
76561198070521617,Recommended,214560,11120185,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,The Senate,Picked the game up in the canda day sales and i think it is in the top five games of all time for me. this is a proper stealth game like in ye oldie days of splinter cell chaos theory and hitman blood money
,Recommended,214560,11145332,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,VibrantNinja,i like ninjas and i like this game.
,Recommended,214560,2737201,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Nurgle523,"One of the best stealth games I've ever played. A lot of upgrade options, suits with different benefits, and tools.Rewarding feeling of accomplishment and just feeling bad♥♥♥♥♥ The achievements are actually fun and most are not ""you did something you had to anyway"" types, but there are a few simply to mark your progress for others to see.The many tools are absolutely amazing, especially with upgrades. There are the costumes too. Each will change your approach and tools, for example, one makes your run silent but you have no sword. Another makes every kill auto [no need to do more than attack from behind] but your focus doesn't stop time when you want to strategically use tools a bunch at once.New Game + and it's already a game I love. The special edition that came out adds so much more I am speechless."
76561198015017204,Recommended,214560,2952105,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Wasted,awesome
76561198035954002,Recommended,214560,11137182,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,p-10635,"Easily one of the (if not THE) best stealth game i have played in recent years.Depending on your gear,which can often be switched severeal times during a level you can choose very different approaches to beat a level.Very creative and refreshing game with beautiful graphics and very fitting sound and soundeffects."
76561197998124890,Recommended,214560,11130955,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,[CW] moff,"Fun, stealth based side scroller, with puzzle elements. Could definitely do with more variation in the death animations but the animation style overall is gorgeous. Frustrating when one mistake sends you respawning and losing 5 minutes of carefully navigated rooms but hey, thats what being a ninjas is all about. If hiding in the dark slicing up security guards and deactivating lazors is  your thing, buy it now."
,Recommended,214560,12293631,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Thornado,"Side-scrolling stealth done right. The ability to see a""slice"" of the level that your character can't see makes the stealth mechanics much more satisfying than any FPS approach I can think of. You get a chance to take in the environment and the enemies, then plan out your route to avoid detection. When it all goes well, it's fantastic. When you get caught...well, that's the other fun of a great stealth game."
76561198080845077,Recommended,214560,12294137,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Farwatch,"Mark of the Ninja is a 2d stealth game based around, well, ninjas. The core gameplay is based around hugging shadows, dodging around enemies, and then stabbing them in the back. It is well implemented, and the display is usually very clear about what is visible and what isn't, including your sprite, which turns black if in shadows (similar to Sam Fisher's Christmas lights). You also sometimes have the option to sneak past guards and leave them undisturbed, kill them from the shadows, or kick down the front door and try a fair fight (much like the Ghost/Panther/Assault options in SC: Blacklist). This can add some variation if you get a little bored of just crawling through vents.The story is good, and although quite simple, it did keep me guessing right until the end about the mental state of my character. The extra depth added to the Dosan character in the Special Edition DLC is also excellent, as are the new items provided.PROS- Beautiful art style- Good core gameplay- DLC is good value- Reasonable depth and replayability (New Game+)CONS- Simplistic plot- Sometimes gets a little ""samey""That said, those cons are relatively minor issues and are more subjective than objective comments on the game. I probably only found some levels samey as I played through the whole thing in a few consecutive nights...Bottom line: If you don't like stealth games, avoid MotN. If you like stealth games, then this will probably be one of the best purchases you can make on Steam. For me, as 2D XBLA/PSN/Steam releases go, this is the best game I've bought, and I'm sure I will beat New Game+ a few more times too.10/10"
,Recommended,214560,16421898,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,dinah,"Mark of the Ninja is a gem, this game is something I would recommend to almost anyone, even if you don't typically play stealth related games. Klei has a talented team, and it shows in the games that they develop."
,Recommended,214560,429998,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,likwidtek,Dude.  This game is NEAT.  NEAT!
76561197960685232,Recommended,214560,47556,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Aether,One of the top indie games of 2012
76561198084771580,Recommended,214560,16252898,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Steel-Butter-fly,"This game is very fun in ways of sneeking around. I have not done the point counts on what route, sneeking past or killing guards, is the way to go. This game is really about just being a ninja and having fun. There is an interesting story so far, and its quite great in the way of gameplay."
,Recommended,214560,4781532,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,phlegmo,nice little gem.
,Recommended,214560,16440895,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Fleez,Perfect stealth platformer. Silence and patience are virtues in this game. Could be longer though.
,Recommended,214560,15661240,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Monaztec,Decent. 8/10.
76561197965987574,Recommended,214560,15662219,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Chilichimp,Make more please...
,Recommended,214560,15654904,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Not Coco,One of the better platformers out there.
,Recommended,214560,7647813,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,N20_RJ,GREAT !!!!  :  8.0 / 10
,Recommended,214560,14059245,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Østr | Gimk,I totally recommend this game. The artwork is amazing and it's just and overall fun game with a lot of good features.10/10
76561198077969799,Recommended,214560,14060545,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,The Extra Crispy Kernel,It's nice... you know.
,Recommended,214560,3590837,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Scorpix,The best ninja simulator
76561198065857394,Recommended,214560,14095670,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,xyesosevo Squad,Nice game NINJA!!!!
76561197983684460,Recommended,214560,14097393,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,jamesfobbs,"I haven't played a 2D scroller in a long time, and this game makes me realise what I've been misssing. Really well done, the animations are super smooth and stylistic, the levels are well designed and the story is unique. I recommend!"
,Recommended,214560,11741424,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,$erpico.,Buy it!
76561198174199515,Recommended,214560,14112381,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kylik Ascari,Controls are tight and sorta reminds me of the Megaman X series with added stealth of course. Feels they may have added some Metal Gear Solid/ Splinter Cell to the twist which in my opinion is utterly brilliant.
,Recommended,214560,14106360,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,MoneyStacksWithTits,"""Teaches you how to be a ninja"" -200/10 IGN"
,Recommended,214560,13672862,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,LibraryPimp,"i really like the art style and the feeling of being a ""ninja"" (even that 99% of the enemeies noticed me)and you should defentliy buy the dlc, all the notes the dev team wrote are really intresting and i brutly murderd dozens of guards just to read themedit:after really finishing the game, i think its one of my ""all time"" bestin the end (obvious spoiler alert) you get to chose between killing ora which represnt your madness  caused by the inkbut also your temptions and thougts, or azai the sound of reasaning but also shame for the clani really like the end because they give the player a choice to make, one that wont change anything other then the ending cutscene, but it will change what the player think about his actions and it shows how littile you know about this conflict between those two voices in your head and represnt conflicts in real life, a decision that will change your life but you know so little about the consequences and the outcome of your actionif you like platformer, sneaking and mind games, you should buy this gameand also the dlc which i think gave depth to the work behind the scens and shows how much work is done for a game.review is done..... now i need to wait for mark of the ninja 2 :/ (even with that ending)"
,Recommended,214560,14352217,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,marshall_gj,So good. Just buy it.
,Recommended,214560,14357946,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nemi,"There are many things to enjoy about this game: Its art style is phenomenal and the black/colour dynamic is an excellent way to show when the character is in or out of stealth. Because of its unique art direction and sound design this game is not only beautiful and striking, but also very elegant: All the little visual cues come together to make you feel like a true ninja with all the badass moves, but also the human limitations that come with it.Definitely recommend this game, even to non-stealth fans."
,Recommended,214560,14414669,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Lain Stain,"""A superb 2D platform stealth game. Lots of fun and great value for money.""""If you are a stealth gamer and you don't have this one, then get it right now.""10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,214560,2719489,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,AdolJr,"The Best 2D Stealth Game, everyone who likes stealth games should play this game."
,Recommended,214560,14565272,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,K1,"a bit on the short side but the gameplay, oh the gameplay. interesting story, nice art style (it looked like u were playing a cartoon), the upgrades and gadgets kept the game fresh and there was no right or wrong way of completing each level. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,214560,14570891,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,feralfang,"This game really scratched my itch for a good stealth game. They give you tools and let you run (quietly) wild.My new favorite thing to do in a stealth game; terrorize the NPCs! It is a fun, unique and macabre aproach to deal with enemies. Scare one guy and let him clear the room for you; just watch out for stray bullets. Path of Terror all the way."
76561198079956618,Recommended,214560,14489053,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,vvbb18,"Slowly sneak your way past some easly fooled gards or slauter them all and make them fear the very sight of you. All this is posible in an intersting story arc where you play a ninja with ""the mark"" a tatou that hightens your sences. Along they way you can unlock some paths and abilitys that drasticaly alter how you play and are only limited in one section i've found so far. If you ever get frurstrated it's usualy your fault and the game can get quite intersting when you improve a section."
,Recommended,214560,14489884,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,rafaelborven,"Smartly done simplified stealth game in a 2d plane. Also controls smooth and intuitively, and the extra challenges/collectibles actually make sense and are fun to complete."
,Recommended,214560,14510777,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Gim,Another nice game from a good company.Can't say much about the graphics. They're objectively well-made but I HATE the artstyle. I can't get behind it in any form and it seems to be the only style they know. So let's move on to more important matters.The gameplay is some of the best stealth in the industry. It's the only game I've found that actually has the player act like a ninja instead of slicing everything in sight. Everything is built around non-confrontation and the player is rewarded for being a ninja.Wonderful game that gave a wonderful experience.
,Recommended,214560,1594161,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,EightDrunkenGods,This is the best stealth game since Metal Gear Solid.  It reminds me of a 2D Tenchu.  Really really good.
,Recommended,214560,14554718,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Archontas,"All the best parts of a stealth game with none of the annoying, repetitive, or frustrating moments that make people hate stealth games."
76561198035076944,Recommended,214560,4286576,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,UPGRAYEDD,"If you’ve ever liked Ninja style games, this one is awesome; 40 minutes in & I’ve already killed a guard by getting other guards to shoot him!"
,Recommended,214560,14572705,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Grottowalker,"quick review - beat the game, fully impressed.Controls felt sticky at first(cellings and walls, im looking at you). but after a few chapters the controls felt greatif you love stelth games then do not miss out on playing this one.overall the design is very well done and stelth mechanics are very well made.the upgrades and costumes add a lot of game play elements and offer alot of replayablity."
76561198006523201,Recommended,214560,2374480,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Kabraxis,"Surprisingly fun game, and really well done."
,Recommended,214560,14396172,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Xilande,good ninja game. solid stealth.
,Recommended,214560,14398781,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TheHat,"It's like Splinter Cell & Super Metroid had a beautiful baby. The user interface design in particular deserves praise, eschewing the typical sound & light meters with a more elegant solution. Sure, there's the occasional stealth game transgressions, like psychic guards, but these are easily forgiven due to the generous checkpoints."
76561198015204670,Recommended,214560,2965078,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,VXtremist971,Exellent game for the art of the ninja discretion.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUiTQvT0W_0&list=RDd73tiBBzvFM&index=27&spfreload=1
76561197998570156,Recommended,214560,14409211,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,GatlingNuke438,Best 2d stealth game ever8/8
,Recommended,214560,7064605,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Rakarak,"Kill everyone or have mercy, your choice. There's tons of classes, tools and weapons so you can play the game your way, you don't have to kill everyone insight and you dont have to spend the whole time lurking in the shadows either, no matter what your play style, there's something here for you.Interesting storyline, great visuals, comical deaths. There is literally only one thing I have found about this game that irks me and that's the occasionally bug you'll get when carrying or trying to carry/drop a body. Everything else is awesome (no, really). I love this game, would recommend to anyone who enjoys platformers."
,Recommended,214560,59611,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Cabbie,prettty damn fun stealthy 2d game!
,Recommended,214560,14505448,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Negan,"Really cool art style and tense gameplay. I had a lot of fun playing it and each level had its own unique feel which kept the game fresh from start to finish. I had the version with the developer commentary and that really did add to the game, reading about how they created certain parts of the game as they encountered them."
,Recommended,214560,335704,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Approximaton.TKK,Sneak.. sneak.. sneak.. STAB. BUY.
76561198037962242,Recommended,214560,8731862,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Sinful,"Beautiful game with well thought out and lovingly crafted mechanics, it's a delight to play and experience.If you love ninja's.If you love stealth.If you love tattoos.If you love magic/mysticism.If you root for the underdog.If you've ever been persecuted by ""the man"".You should buy this game."
76561197970371409,Recommended,214560,401139,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Crash0verride47,"Good mechanics, but u need a joypad to play it. Use ur PS3 for example :) Bonus info : the female voice is the CIA woman from Bourne Supremacy."
,Recommended,214560,8937594,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,tybengeo,"Awesome, fun stealth game! Really enjoying it so far. There's a good story, and it's just downright fun to play. If all you've played in the line of stealth gaming is Splinter Cell, this game offers a new (ninja) perspective on it. Get it!"
76561198108229039,Recommended,214560,8938843,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,AlexTyu,You can always use your ninja skills in real life and.....in this game.
,Recommended,214560,5650002,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,JackInTheBox555,Hours of fun. Really interesting concept. Good progression. You can choose your path to be the ultimate stealth master or a sneaky killing machine. I love it.
76561198106604252,Recommended,214560,8943650,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Spooky_Jim_Christmas,"This game is great for all types of players, ranging from the inexperienced and the expert. It has great stealth elements and even if you screw up it doesn't hurt you or set you back too far. WARNING this game will cause you to randomly hurl objects at lights, and call your friends dirty mercs. 8/10"
,Recommended,214560,8944301,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,loppydog,"This game is really great...If you liked Shank, you will LOVE this!"
,Recommended,214560,8944549,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,SolidSnake,"It's an awesome game! If you're a big fan of stealth games, this one is for you. The game has a good story, stealth ninja action with good graphics and addictive gameplay.It's a very fun game to play, a very simple yet awesome stealth game :D"
76561198103516861,Recommended,214560,8944771,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Osconomo,Dat satisfaction of killing a guard without them noticing.  The irony of it being a ninja game yet you cant double jump.
,Recommended,214560,8967641,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,The Duechtin,"Not many stealth games on here...old school MGS fans and newschool Dishonered fans would love this game. I can't help but enjoy a game that gives me a chance to methodically sneak around and ghost people how i see fit.....would be awesome if there were more cinematic kills though..(nudge,nudge)...."
,Recommended,214560,8968728,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ezekial 23:20 | CTC,"Loved it, a great stealth platformer with beautiful art style. Very satisfying yet still minimal combat, really makes you put stealth over brute force but still offers a variety of play styles. The story is great and although there are very little characters that you don't et to know that well, you still love them"
,Recommended,214560,8969101,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Atomsk,"This game is too good, 10/10 a lot of fun."
,Recommended,214560,8926849,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,BabiesHavingBabies,One of the best games I have played
76561198095546097,Recommended,214560,8927520,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,RecklessDolphin,One of the best stealth games I have played in a long time with a simple side scrolling concept.
,Recommended,214560,8927559,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,xXWEABOO_CULTUREXx,"Great game. One of, if not the best, stealth game right now. Each stage in the game feels unique (It doesn't seem like you are doing the same thing every time). The game allows the player to choose how they want to play. You can be a ruthless assassin, or you can stick to the shadows, slipping past enemies undetected. Mark of the Ninja has a good story with an ending that leaves players both confused and satisfied. I've also purchased the DLC. It adds a tale to the game that reveals information about what appeared to be an unimportant character. Overall, the game has good graphics, music, and very smooth gameplay. I will definatey play again on new-game plus. 10/10 (And come on... you get to be a legit NINJA!)"
,Recommended,214560,4296704,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Defenestrate,Legitimately the best stealth game I've played yet. A ton of different gameplay elements that work wonderfully together. Well worth the money.
76561198039831713,Recommended,214560,4615207,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Xauros,Superb
76561198046586696,Recommended,214560,15270204,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hoohhi,"8/10An infiltration game with a lot of possibilites of movements and actions.The main character is your typical badass ninja with some stylish tattoos and a bunch of accessories in his bag.The story is simple but well narrated, with concise explanations and enjoyable cinematics. It could be a bit longer though, and the plot is obvious."
76561198043414506,Recommended,214560,15270904,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lord of Cinder,"This game is damn fun and an excellent 2D stealth action experience. The controls are tight and the visuals are intelligently designed with simple yet elegant cues that easily display your how loud or visible you are. Great animation, great albeit simple story and a lot of fun. Absolutely superb experience."
76561198135281064,Recommended,214560,15272001,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,cell1236,"Really interesting and has a wonderful gameplay. It has constantly new contents throughout the game s.t you can never get bored with the game. Accomplishments also prove to be a motivation to play the game, rather than ruining the fun of the game."
,Recommended,214560,15273578,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,iZ,"Great use of stealth mechanics and use of environment, and you have the option to play stealth how you want. Very satisfying gameplay and a well paced plot keep things going but let you enjoy them moment."
76561198014613702,Recommended,214560,15274269,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Kangus,"Mark of the Ninja spent a lot of time in my game library before I gave it a good shot. The story failed to catch my attention and keep me engaged, which is a shame because this IS quite a good game. The stealth gameplay is a lot of fun, and the level design is quite good, giving you lots of different options on how to handle an objective. Combine that with the ability to select your own tools, outfits (with different advantages and disadvantages) and upgradable skills, the game provides a lot of replay value as each playthrough feels different from the last.The levels can sometimes drag on when playing them back-to-back and the nameless, silent protagonist does little to invest you in the narrative, but this is still the best spiderman/xenomorph game never made. :p"
,Recommended,214560,15196906,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,EV | Topsaber,"This game is fantastic. It had a great story, nice art style, and fantastic stealth gameplay. I could probobly put 60 hours into this game if i really wanted to, which i kinda do."
76561198029452419,Recommended,214560,15258369,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Juanes Mantequilla,An amazing game with a perfect stealth engine and a story making you question everything you do and everything you have done.Definitely a game everybody should try.9.5/10
76561198119675323,Recommended,214560,15258852,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,A name which cannot be spoken,"10/10This is easily one of the best games I've ever played, and certainly the best stealth game I've played (although admittedly my experience with the genre is limited.) Any game that can make me feel like an actual badass ninja by pressing buttons in a certain order deserves to be played."
76561197983824219,Recommended,214560,15227571,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The1stMohican,"This is a fantastic game, I've never really been into 2d sidescrolling games but this one blew me away. The animations and controls are so fluid it's a joy to play. The game is frequently on sale for around $3.50 so there's absolutely no reason NOT to buy this game."
,Recommended,214560,15230653,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jeff,"This game was a lot of fun to play and I love the ending it gave a great sense of epic right away! I highly recommend this gameThe only two downfalls would be that sometimes it's hard to aim thrown items (with controller) and that there's no level editor, if there was one I would love to try out community levels! I don't wanna stop playing this game!"
,Recommended,214560,15236150,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,WokeDoggos,I don't need a lot of words to describe this game; the perfect stealth game.
,Recommended,214560,11776562,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,NumberOneIdol,"This is one of the best stealth games I've ever played.With multiple gameplay styles and many ways to play, I highly recommend this game.""10/10""-IGN"
,Recommended,214560,11793063,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Maluke,Its Awsome and Stelthy! GET IT AND WE'LL PLAY!!!
,Recommended,214560,11793977,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,xHardc0re,Good game. Nice mechanics. Worth buying.
76561198022799291,Recommended,214560,11794573,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,BrokenJoker,Highly recommend. Plays a lot like a platformer version of Tenchu. Lot of fun.
,Recommended,214560,11794647,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SassyPants,"Amazing, if you like stealth.... just buy it,,,,"
76561198042359304,Recommended,214560,11795336,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Ivor the Enginedriver,Well done and executed stealth where not killing is more rewarding than killing. Yes Please
,Recommended,214560,1667014,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,zero2dash,5/5. Stealth games are so-so but I loved this one. Terrifying enemies is awesome.
,Recommended,214560,11840218,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Vinpin,A wonderful 2D platformer assassin game. Worth the money and great fluid gameplay with a cool and interesting story line. Its unqiue in a cool way and I love it! Would recommend to anyone who likes assassin/stelth games.
,Recommended,214560,11840785,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Kagagiou,"Most 'ninja' games have you running around, murdering indescriminately all the while acting more like a warrior or fighter. That's not Exactly what a ninja does... However, Mark of the Ninja rewards you for avoiding direct conflict. Avoidance, stealth, distraction, the environment itself, anything can be used to your advantage... and can just as easily lead to your downfall.Your goal: To navigate through the enemy infested zones without setting off alarms, or being spotted. Add the platforming and general 2D feel to it, all the better. The tutorial is fairly basic and gives you more than enough time to acclimate yourself with the bare-bone basics. As you get better, more skills and items become unlocked, thus making it far faster for you to avoid detection, or go all 'Tenchu: Stealth Assassins' and kill everyone without leaving a trace.You wanna feel close to an actual ninja short of 'Tenchu'... hit up Mark of the Ninja. Move silently and game on.Oh... and one more thing... it's not a BAD thing to kill guards... this isn't Metal Gear Solid. :D"
76561198069024972,Recommended,214560,11840812,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Melc Storcit,Very nice storyline. A little difficult if you want to play it right. Overall a good game.
,Recommended,214560,11828383,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,The Stranger,"The controls are bad. Let's be honest, It's not game breaking bad, but annoying at times. After I got used to the controls All was well. The game gives you so much info that it's always your fault if you mess up (unless you messed up because of the controls). It gives you vision cones, sound indicators, and a freeze time mode. NG+ removes the first 2 but at that point you basically have everything in your head. ""Destroying this will go this far and and won't bother anyone"". It let's you learn so you never feel cheated. It becomes more difficult as you go on so you never get bored. I got this for $3.59. Is it worth $17.99? I'd say so. The game works great. It makes you feel good when you do anything. You didn't kill anyone, good job. You killed everyone, good job. The fear mechanic works great. Just look up Path of Nightmares gameplay and you'll know what I mean. 7.8/10"
,Recommended,214560,11828455,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Dechs,"Expected a dull artsyfartsy 2d platformer. But it turned out to be much more than that. Great story-telling, puzzle problems that are perfectly balanced, character development. Mark of the ninja ja Gunpoint are pearls of the genre."
76561198145667616,Recommended,214560,11832931,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,WhipMeGrandma,best game
,Recommended,214560,12192249,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Shortiewaswo,"This has surprisingly been one of my favourite games. Ever. It's got great controls, is reasonably forgiving of your stupidity when getting caught/killed, and is fun! The art and level design is some of the best of seen in a platformer for a long time."
,Recommended,214560,1276723,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Chopper,"Imagine if Flashback, Rolling Thunder and Shinobi were put in a blender. This is Mark of the Ninja.In this game, the ninja will not draw his sword while he's being seen by the enemy, so no running and slashing people around. If you want your kill you need to be stealthy, like a good old ninja.The game has a lot more content than I thought initially. Over time you unlock different ""suits"" which allow you to focus on different play styles: some focus on stealth, others in killing. The scoring system also encourages replays and perfecting each level."
,Recommended,214560,146664,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,Death by Snu Snu,"Probably the best stealth game ever from a purely mechanics based standpoint. Highly recommended, as the studio uses sustainable development practices as well."
,Recommended,214560,18651,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Tale,"An absolutely fantastic stealth game. In terms of mechanics alone, it's the best stealth game I've ever played."
76561197996820680,Recommended,214560,1712066,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,dannybazooka,"BATMAN GRAPPLING, SC:CONVICTION LIGHT/DARKNESS FIELD OF VIEW MECHANIC AND METAL GEAR SOLID HIDE INA CARDBOARD BOX ALL COMBINED INTO ONE AMAZING STEALTH GAME.It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, get it, right now, get it, for ♥♥♥♥ sake just get it alreadyDid u get it? No, well ♥♥♥♥ off then"
,Recommended,214560,2020818,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Mitch,Mark of the Ninja is a very satisfying new take on stealth games.  The several different ways you can tackle each mission provide a lot of variation.  As you progress through the game you unlock more tools to kill and scare enemies.  All these different items work well together when trying to get around well guarded areas or get the jump on someone.  You are rewarded for being a precise killer that wants to clear a level of enemies; as well as being a silent shadow working your way past trouble.  Both styles of play are enjoyable and the game looks GORGEOUS!  The animation and art are really nice and something you come to expect from Klei Entertainment.  If you are a fan of stealth games this is a definate buy.  But I believe that anyone looking for a fresh experience in a cool 2-D world will enjoy it just the same.
,Recommended,214560,3175118,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Dylan,Amazing game - I read about before buying it and people were saying that you needed a controller to get the most out of the game. They were wrong. Briliant game.
,Recommended,214560,7741590,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Howl,"Stealthy action side-scrollers a go-go!A super addicting and fun side-scrolling stealth game, Mark of the Ninja has plenty of weapons, enemy types, stealth kills, and nothing is more satisfying than throwing a kunai at a lamp to plunge a hapless guard into total darkness before jamming your sword through his throat :3"
,Recommended,214560,495187,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Exarch,"A great stealth game, on par with the predator parts of the recent Batman offerings.With a choice of options on how to approach each level and a slew of secrets and unlockables, replaying some (even while not yet done with the main story) was a given.The story sucks, though, but I can recommend it nonetheless."
,Recommended,214560,1152314,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,Great stealth platform action. Definitely grab this one.
,Recommended,214560,6667443,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Esmerelda,"Great game, even better if you're playing with a friend. For $3.70 you can't go past it.NOTE: I would recommend using a controller with this game, it makes the gameplay alot more natural and fluid."
,Recommended,214560,7852931,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,zallow,"Superb 2D stealth platformer. If you were ever a fan of Tenchu, Metal Gear Solid or any of those games were it is more important to sneak past your enemies rather than killing them (although you still can kill them if you so please), if you like the old school platforming genre from the 80's and 90's or if you like ninjas plain and simple, this game is for you!The voice acting is really well done for an indie game, graphics are impeccable, gameplay is pretty much flawless and sound effects and music are really top notch.I love this little game and would recommend it to anybody.Become a ninja, today."
,Recommended,214560,1155738,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Muzashi,"Best Shinobi game.Plateform,stealth,action."
,Recommended,214560,7867409,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Groggynrat,"Klei is quickly turning into my favorite game studio. Their games are novel, affordable, and brilliantly executed. MOTN is no exception and well worth the full price. It's great with a keyboard/mouse, but is better with a controller."
,Recommended,214560,478689,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Rorschach,One of the best games of 2012. Great with a controller.
76561197976550723,Recommended,214560,722029,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,X.DEADBOY.X,"MotN is a great little action/stealth game which is told in a graphic novel/Saturday morning cartoon style and feel. The gadgets you can upgrade, different ninja tools, stealth, and suits that give different abilities are really cool to play with and give you room to adjust to your own play style. In fact, the best thing about the game is ability to approach the situations in the levels in different ways. It makes the replay value high as you will want to return through it to try and accomplish the things you missed the first time. Whether you want to slink your way through the shadows without killing a soul, or to be a shadowy ninja that puts guards in a panic to which they kill each other, or if you want to slaughter every enemy you find, it is your choice. Great game."
,Recommended,214560,3123829,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,L3Gi0n4R,I just finished this great stealth indie game and started again on NG+ !Highly recommended !!!
,Recommended,214560,7871607,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Chief Savage Man,This is a really good stealth game. There's a lot of ways to play through it and its a lot of fun to pull off a good mission. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,214560,7788016,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mr. Fig,This game is the absolute PERFECTION of stealth in gaming! BUY IT NOW! Along with the DLC.
,Recommended,214560,2978557,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,wulfsiege,"A gorgeously animated 2D platform / stealth adventure that just keeps on getting better till its glorious climax. Slick cut-scenes re-enforce the animation style that really adds to the atmostphere. Ninja's are finally being Ninja's again.Tight controls are slightly marred by a focus oriented action system that sometimes stumbles when focus items overlap or move on screen due to focus use scrolling, otherwise its a great system. Keyboard & mouse controls work well with the mouse most likely providing superior aiming for thrown items. However there are sections where a controller would offer a better input speed for some tricky rapid fire button combinations that need to be pulled off. Very playable no-matter your input choice.Good value for money with high re-playability, would be an absolute steal if purchased in a sale. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,214560,7854997,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,The Baron,"It looks like the face of tom cruise on the upper left shoulder, not the type of mark i was expecting."
76561197991066985,Recommended,214560,7855647,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,YDanny00,Great game for anyone looking for a challenging game
,Recommended,214560,7858366,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,adtn64,One of the best games ive ever played.
76561198029510075,Recommended,214560,7858690,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,maldonousky,Best stealth game I have ever played.
76561198075927766,Recommended,214560,6809808,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Cinesouki,A must have
,Recommended,214560,7861253,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Joey,"Really nice game, Hopefully there will be Mark of the ninja 2."
,Recommended,214560,170161,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,GigaKid,You're a ninja and you do ninja stuff and the story reminds me of web comics. And you get tattoos.
,Recommended,214560,5987494,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,mflatischler,Probably the best stealth game ever created.
,Recommended,214560,1024448,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,system,"Grande épico dos Indie Games. Tive a sorte de o agarrar por 2.50€, e garanto-vos que valeu cada cêntimo. Stealth game com muito sangue e muita adrenalina à mistura, recomenda-se ser jogado com comando.A pouca variedade de niveis ( 10h de jogo ) faz com que seja um jogo curto e talvez aborrecido ao fim de varias horas.9/10"
,Recommended,214560,187348,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,dm25fin,Very funny ninja!
,Recommended,214560,2149953,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,#Markos,Stealth at its best!
76561198027711121,Recommended,214560,3812454,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Kubilai,Très bon jeu d'infiltration/action. La jouabilité est au poil et la direction artistique très sympa et contrôlée. Il y a également possibilité de rejouabilité grâce à la multitude de game-play proposés.
76561198047515719,Recommended,214560,8146049,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Frankenmoo,"This Game is wonderful i played through this as a ninja/commando playthrough and i had so much fun, Currently im replaying it as a pure stealth and still have lots  of fun its a a lil harder but thats to be expected. I would definately recommend this game 100%, play it you wont regret it"
,Recommended,214560,1618457,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Six,"This might be the first stealth game that I've actually enjoyed for the stealth gameplay itself.Somehow the game makes stealth not tedious. You get to move quickly while still discreet, much like...well, a ninja. Enemy patrols are pretty short short so there's not much waiting around for your moment to move, and in many cases you're not waiting at all because of your bag of tricks for distracting/killing guards.It also looks pretty and I found the story engaging."
,Recommended,214560,7618839,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,lostleader,"Mark of the Ninja gives you lot of different options to tackle a problem however you want, but always gives primary focus to stealth. It hits all the right marks to make it a great stealth game, and even the few flaws that it has can't come close to ruining that. It's a stealth game that's worth playing and that's really the only selling point it needs."
,Recommended,214560,8147194,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Valegator,"If you are fan of stealth based games such as Metal Gear Solid or Splinter cell the chances are that you will like this game.You play as a ninja who received ''The Mark'' special kind of tattoo that enhances your abilities.You can choose to be invisible or to force your way through, but in most cases that is death sentence.Good gameplay, responsive controls, and great stealth all packed in one game."
,Recommended,214560,2637424,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,[d20]peter200lx,"I very much enjoyed this game. If you liked the choices and stealth from Deus Ex or DE:HR, this game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,8150178,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,leo,Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys stealth games. Overall amazing experience.
,Recommended,214560,8150352,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ravenovski,"Loved this game, great animation and sound and solid sneak mechanics that are genuinely fun to play"
76561198077439595,Recommended,214560,8153696,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,FSmith,pretty good
76561197967928778,Recommended,214560,295943,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,Herm,Wirkt cool
,Recommended,214560,7616524,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Samurai,"Set in a conflicting world of Tradition versus Modern society. This is a beautiful and great game that I really enjoyed playing. Play tricks and mind games on the guards, kill and maim them, hide them in dumpsters, or for the thrill, terrorize them by throwing a dead body near a living guard. Many different gadgets and different ways to play make this not only a fun game, but the amazing graphics made it fantastic."
76561198049368341,Recommended,214560,11204709,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,willbatross,"Too much fun. I've enjoyed the stealth genre for years and this is top notch. Yes, there are perhaps some obvious set ups, though generally there are at least a few options in carry throughs. Controls are quite solid, even for PC. Weapon and character upgrades through costumes hindering or enhancing your character make for great replayability. Stylish, slick, challenging but not impossible and overall too much fun. Worthy of the purchase even at full price."
76561197965027907,Recommended,214560,11206323,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,dspickes,"Ninjas are so passe. I know. They're as played out as pirates and zombies in mainstream nerd culture. So you may rightfully ask yourself, ""Why would I want to play yet another ninja game?"" and pass this title by.And I would have to take great pity on you. Because you just passed up THE. BEST. NINJA GAME. EVER.With a tasty mix of stealth and action, this game captures the essence of what it means to be the invisible assassin, the master of deception, the silent warrior, the elite ninja master. Add in a solid, polished aesthetic and well-tuned progression and difficulty curves, and I could hardly put the controller down to this 2D, stealth-action platformer."
76561197972160719,Recommended,214560,11376580,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,SaNe Twerky,"mark of the ninga is a fun 2D game with all sorts of levels to test you on. In terms of the art style it's amazing and the fact that you can freeze time must have taken alot of time to put into the game.I would give this game a 9.5/10 not because of gameplay or anything but the dlc. I bought the season pass and relized I had paid extra. Please fix that but overall a fantastic, grousome little game that you should get your hands onthe game is worth the £10 if you like stealthy games or ningas"
76561198043993399,Recommended,214560,11325628,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,ALPELA,Mark of the Ninja is the finest example of a stealth game done right.
,Recommended,214560,11362058,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Nomado-Coyote,"Stealth in 2D? Yes, please!And greatly realized. I loved this dev team since Shank, but while this retains some stylistical features of the studio in general it is a very different game overall. It actually IS a real stealth ninja action in 2D, which doesn't suffer a little bit from a lack of 3rd dimension. The variety of tools by which you can execute or distract your enemies is good and you unlock costumes with various perks for various game achievements, that only adds to replayability. And of course the new game+ too.It has some nice replayability because of various approaches to virtually every situation in the game. A classical stealth game with a choice to go mad or go full-on ninja. It also has some nice artistic touches in design and ideas like the tattoo thing with the main hero and challenge rooms.Definitely worth the money and time."
,Recommended,214560,11362402,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Degloire,One of my best discovery. The gameplay mecanic is excelent. I really like that every encounters can be solved in different way (   finish a level with every ennemies in a bodybag or be like the wind and nobody knew you were there). It is a most play with an high fun factor.
76561197982541090,Recommended,214560,11363321,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Dr. Mengele,Very nice platformer!
,Recommended,214560,11368445,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"Excellent throughout. Given that this is the team who produced the underwhelming Shank, I'm totally impressed. Recommended to all."
,Recommended,214560,11349365,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,CaptainSoap,"Mark of the ninja is one of the best stealth games I have played due to it's great gameplay,mechaincs and A.I.From the first level you can see the atention and care put into this game.The artstyle is amazing,from the first to the last level,it never becomes bland.Nice backgrounds,interesting enviroments and great sound design to go with it.The best thing  this game does  is to make you fill like a ninja.At first I did not like the gameplay because I thought it was kinda weird(so to say),but after like  houres it became very easy to move and crowl through the dark spots of the enviroment like a ninja.You have a lot of variety in your arsenal,from smoke bombs to distract your enemies,to spike mines to kill them. You can also unlock different costumes that will suit your playstyle best.From path of silence to path of the hunter,you can play this game full stealth evading every guard or as a killing machine,destroying anything and everybody in your way.What else there is to say?.....The story is great,I really enjoyed it.It's full of surprises and it even has  endings(that acutally matter).The characters in the game are well made,from your character,a well trained and powerfull ninja,to Karajan,the bad guy of the game,even your master is more that just your normal ""I train you,cya in the endscreen.""Overall,the game is very well paces and it will last you around  6-8 houres(depends on your playstyle).One of my favourite games in the recent years! 9/10 A MUST BUY!!! :)))"
,Recommended,214560,11351406,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Mr.AFK,Awesome game! Buy it!
,Recommended,214560,1530678,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Zetalleon | 貳零壹號機,"This game is super good in every fashion of the traditional 2D platformer. Unlike most ninja hack-and-slash games, this is a game that highly encourages stealth. Being detected will get you killed almost instantly. The feeling of extreme badassery when you sneak pass enemies and killing some in a stylish ninja-y fashion to terrorize others with their bodies... and still feel vulnerable. The story is also extremely well written and really, really worth seeing to the end. It is relatively short (~8-9 hours) but it has new game plus. A ninja's nightmare is... well, ninjas with night vision and laser guns. Yeah."
,Recommended,214560,11144000,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Melovinci,"Fear is a Weapon. It’s one thing take out a guard from below a steel grate without any of his fellow guards noticing, it’s another to then hang the dead body from a grappling point, striking fear and panic into the hearts of the other guards. Mark of the Ninja is a stealth 2D platformer from Canadian developers, Klei Entertainment, a developer that’s really starting to grow on me.The entire art style is the same as Shank which is somewhat reminiscent of Saturday morning cartoon, similar to The Last Airbender series. While I can definitely recommend this game to anyone who has an interest in stealth or platforming gameplay, it does get a little repetitive at times, especially if you’r a perfectionist, despite only being about 10 hours long.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2014/05/30/mark-of-the-ninja/"
,Recommended,214560,11398975,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,rickylows2,this has to be the first game to have a ninja thats actually a ninja im looking at you naruto and strider(love you to much yuffie) its cool the gameplay is fun and when you fail at something that your fault not that and when you do good on something is reward feeling(might just be me do)
,Recommended,214560,11427956,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,CptnWaffles,"Mark of the Ninja is stealth gameplay at it's best.  For once, a game that allows both a ghostly or combat oriented gameplay based on the player's will without a boring binary moral choice attached to it.The options for gameplay are fantastic, the game has a modicum of replayability, and it's a superb experience I recommend everyone try.It's sound design, environmental art, and gameplay hints are all top notch.  The game is readable and you know exactly how your actions will affect the world around you."
76561198035945370,Recommended,214560,11408979,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Malsain,"Best 2D stealth game I've played so far. Hell, it's even better than some 3D titles of this genre!Don't let the cartoonish graphic style fool you - the storyline is mature and grim, and violence looks oh so effin' real. Every stealth kill is a real pleasure, especially if the guard have been fooled. But the game doesn't force stealth on you - in many cases you can go full massacre and murder some 2 - 3 guards in a row."
76561197967009993,Recommended,214560,8978225,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Smokens,Best Ninja Game.... OFC after Tenchu :)If u like 2d platformer games and u dreamt about being a ninja this game is for u.Definitely worth the price.
,Recommended,214560,1572630,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,[DB] Thor,Awesome Stealth game 8.5/10
,Recommended,214560,11412568,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,End Me,i like this game it is a very good game :3
76561198081507899,Recommended,214560,11416333,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Phlébiak,A simple but well made game. It's design only adds to the swiftness of your movements.A purchase I did not regret.
,Recommended,214560,11414686,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,wirelessdarkness,CGI Metal Gear Solid with Japanese themes where you can kill a man by scaring him off of a high surface.10/10.
,Recommended,214560,2264312,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,Deus Ecks,It is like Dishonored! BUT IN 2D!!!
76561198058932893,Recommended,214560,8116332,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,AshBeBatman,"Get this game, this and Bastion. My Bestest, favouritest games of all time!"
,Recommended,214560,5004904,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Hastur #17,"Easily one of THE best stealth games Ive ever played, and Ive played a lot of stealth games. Controls are tight, gameplay is incredibely refreshing and rewarding to any method you approach this with. Visuals never fail to impress, as the scenery and lighting are often awe inspiring, combine it with slick animations and fluid level design, your jaw'll drop as you feel like a total badass sneaking your way through this amazing game. 10/10"
,Recommended,214560,8104703,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Erilis,Mark of the Ninja is an extremely well designed game. The gameplay is solid and fun and is adaptable to your preferred playstyle (lethal or nonlethal). The visuals are beautiful and the sound effects are immersive and practical (serving as aural cues to compliment visual awareness). This game is underappreciated and is truely a unique contemporary platformer.
76561198081099367,Recommended,214560,7735710,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Alyails,"This game is a lot of fun. Basically a stealth platformer. However, there is also an interesting story, as well as several little things that make the game that much more appealing."
,Recommended,214560,1575336,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,NandoCanedo,Great stealth game!
,Recommended,214560,752297,"Posted: 5 November, 2012",all,adamofgreyskull,"Put simply, amazing. Worth twice as much."
,Recommended,214560,8176647,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nefer,Great game! Highly recommended for fans of stealth action.
76561198102099671,Recommended,214560,8177349,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DrZoidberg,"This game felt like the cartoon show Samurai Jack, at least the animation style.Very enjoyable, fast paced and somewhat replayable.3.5/5"
,Recommended,214560,2867640,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Navlock,"Again, I am a Stealth-buff and this game delivers on ALL FRONTS! True, it's basically a 2D-platformer with stealth elements, but it's no gimmick and the mechanics to feel like a true ninja is completely spot-on. I love Ninja Gaiden like any other, but this is where you truly feel like you are one with the shadows, and your moves are beyond human comprehension... kind of like Tenchu I suppose.In any case, this game is heartily recommended by me and should be played for its excellent controls and sweet level-design alone. THe art-style also helps considerably of course. ^^"
76561198004236682,Recommended,214560,2220214,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Bugs Bunny,This is one of the best platform games out there.
,Recommended,214560,8179069,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tshrek74,"Great Stealth game play various ways to complete levels, both violent and non-violent all in all great game"
,Recommended,214560,5631068,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Kvasi,Stealthy
,Recommended,214560,11192416,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,olizor,I can't say often enough how much I loved this game. Any fan of stealth action games will fall in love with it's gameplay. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,214560,1435683,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,TheHeeyyy,"If Assassin's Creed and Batman: Arkham Asylum had a baby, was rendered in 2D, given a cartoon aesthetic. and set in feudal Japan, this would be the game lol. Anyway, this game is a lot of fun. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,214560,6381536,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Vault Guy,Great Platfomer that runs at best quality on Lower End PC's
76561198039075213,Recommended,214560,10931802,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,viciousbacklash,"Great game for $7.50, Logged 11 hours but could easily get more out of it."
,Recommended,214560,11226422,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Joshferatu,"You play as the Marked One, a ninja with a tattoo that is supposed to make him stronger, faster, and all that good stuff... but you don't know really notice it until the tattoo is completed and you get this crazy OP ability that is basically a teleport.Stealth is the emphasis here and it does it well. Things get pretty tense as you try to slip around unnoticed or stay just out of view of approaching guards. Some enemies, you can get away with grabbing them from a hiding spot or dropping down from the ceiling, but as the game progresses, you encounter a couple new types of guards that it's in your best interest to stay out of their way completely.As the story progresses, you'll unlock new abilities, side weapons, and distraction tools that can help you out depending on your style of play. To use those upgrades though, you'll need to spend points on them that you acquire from finding scrolls, I believe. There are some rad upgrades too, like throwing flesh eating bugs at an enemy, or the ability to terrorize other guards by hanging the corpse of one of your victims up for them to see. Good times.All in all, it is one of the best stealth games I've played, and it was definitely the most fun. After finishing the game, I went back and ran through a couple levels I really enjoyed. It appears there's several different costumes with their own advantages/disadvantages as well, which helps the replayability factor."
,Recommended,214560,11224387,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,YARIMAZING,"A 2D stealth game which encourages solving a given situation in different ways. The game does not favor one playstyle over the other (lethal or nonlethal) except for scoring purposes or optional secondary objectives that help unlock more toys that modify the multiple solution experience. And you'll want to unlock them--you can get a cardboard box, hide in it, and shiv anybody who passes by. This game is worth playing through at least twice to see how creatively you can get through a given mission. I swear some of the ways you can dispatch guards almost makes you feel more like Rube Goldberg than a ninja.However, I would advise against getting the ""Special Edition"" DLC before completing the game as the unlockables from that pack make things way too easy--you can one-shot elite guards with one dose of fungal spores and an additonal two from the resulting infected body, scaring any sap unfortunate enough to see the death you just dealt while their only solution to cope with such horrors is to recklessly shoot any friend who wants to help. You know what? Let's count this as a recommendation for the DLC too."
76561197996021078,Recommended,214560,1659702,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,zamiel_x,Its a fun stealth side scroller by ninjas for ninjas.
76561198047455877,Recommended,214560,11002411,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Gunahurt,"A game that can be played with several different styles. Terrorize your enemies, kill them with crossfire. Or be as undectectable as a shadow in a dark room, the choice is yours."
,Recommended,214560,918315,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Crow,"This 2D sidescroller feels like a little bit action game, a little bit steath, and a little bit fighting game. The controls are tight, the puzzles are interesting, and the combat/stealth kills are satisfying. The only downside is the story. It's simply a basic ""Karate Kid""-style plot that does nothing more than provide a segue between levels. I can overlook that because the core gameplay is very entertaining."
,Recommended,214560,11053036,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,GRekoAssassino,"Incredible game, you choose the approach. Go as silent assassin or provoke enemies in open combat. Set up ambushes or bypass them. Each approach unlocks different achievements and bonuses!!!I would believe that a 2D game would be so fun and so complicated!"
76561198081915434,Recommended,214560,11022995,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Veli Kultainen,"Silence, guard might hear you if you run. Wait, until the guard is under/over you that you can kill him stealthy. Watch out the dogs, they will smell you. Climb to high skypillars. Choose your equipment that fits you best. Set a building afire to distract the enemy to get inside. Search through an old castle. Find out the seacrets of an old and mysterious ink... This isMark of the Ninja!!!Personally I thought that exciting stealth game can only work in 3D, but this game here showed that it can also work perfectly in 2D. Mark of the Ninja puts all good stealth game elements in one box: sound, light, a lot of paths, the level design and of course silent killing and hiding the evidence. The graphics are better than excellent, sounds are perfect (I recommend good headphones and silent room) and atmosphere (because of these two abolve) is outrageous.Ok, I maybe did overdo it a bit... But seriously, if you are a friend of stealth games and want to try something different but still awesome, here is something for you."
,Recommended,214560,11024473,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,RAINBOW Gnome,brilliant game but is much smoother with a controller
76561198068700411,Recommended,214560,11024791,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,✪ obsidius101,I recommend this game because its realistic unlike those other dunderbutt ninjas who show their face. if you want to feel like a real ninja this is the game for you 10/10
76561198131376414,Recommended,214560,11106776,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,legendbydesign,Responsive controls. Smooth learning curve. Murder by ninja. What more can you want? Highly recommended.
76561197968610542,Recommended,214560,11108594,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,StuManchu,"I have just finished this game, it took about 13 hours to run through just playing the game as I found it and not searching to do everything.I did like this game, it is like a mix of Portal puzzles and Dishonoured stealth all flattened down to a 2d platformer. I particularly liked the way you had to perform a special mouse movement to kill silently and the animation you are rewarded with when you do. The storyline is told via a cartoon cut sequence, I did enjoy the story and I liked the twist at the end. The best thing about this game is the puzzles later on in the game, how to get past certain parts was not always immediately obvious or was tricky to perform. The developers got the mix between difficult and annoying just right. Yes I had to try to do several parts over and over again, but when faced with particularly challenging bits there was always an auto save just before, so you were never taken back too far, and the sense of achievement when you solved/got past parts was good.Overall this game is a nice aside from the 3D FPS games that I usually play, I enjoyed it and I would play it through again on the harder game mode rewarded to you when you finish the game for the first time if I had more spare time."
,Recommended,214560,11112493,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ProperBear,"Extremely well made. Tight, intuitive gameplay that offers numerous alternative methods of clearing each mission.Stealth mechanics are multi-faceted, feel much more immersive than games such as Dishonored or Assassin's Creed."
,Recommended,214560,15493756,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Piffi,Wow... just ... Wow... Its amazing ...
,Recommended,214560,1146876,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,CtrlCat,"Extremly good game, very fun to play, GET IT FSS SADPOASMDOINSADN SO EPIC"
76561198181205243,Recommended,214560,15033993,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,busnlilli,exceptional and amazing
,Recommended,214560,3274056,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,DualWieldingBucklers,"The animation is spectacularly appropriate. Everything looks great, from the sound waves to the smooth movement.Also, this game does a damn good job at making you feel like a ninja."
76561197975247124,Recommended,214560,680076,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Evilgoattea,"If you like stealth games this is a must buy,  Fantastic game!Edit: Completed the game, original review still holds true but I feel like I should expand on this a bit.  First of all the game is 2-d and the art style is very dark and beautiful.  The stealth elements in  this game feel very satisifying as do the puzzles that you need to solve.  Honestly, as I said above, if you enjoy stealth games, then you really owe it to yourself to take this indie gem out for a spin.  It's a breath of fresh air and I think you will like it."
76561198151682541,Recommended,214560,15009120,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,a2ferrariboy,I my self am a huge fan of stealth games. when I was kid I used to play the old Splinter Cell games on the PS2. but of all the stealth games i have played this one has been down right the greatest of them all. the stealth is realistic but unlike most games with realistic stealth it is not impossible. you guys have one awsome game here. the only thing i do ask is for you guys to make some more DLC. i loved playing this game and was dissappointed at how quickly i beat it. it would be awsome if you guys made a new DLC with some more levels mabye like a second story line or somthing it could even take place a little bit before the begining of this game.
,Recommended,214560,13780036,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Øne and Ønly,"I stabbed countless people to death, threw knives at dogs, set traps, strung up corpses on lamps, and even shoved a guy into a pit of suffocation. Then I found this game, and my life became even better."
,Recommended,214560,16007973,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,metroidandzeldafan,"If you only care about mechanics, then I do recommend. This game completes every check mark on the objective scale.Smooth controls? Check.Polished mechanics? Check.Good sound effects? Check.I could go on. Basically the game meets the standard of what makes a ""good"" game.But the game lacks soul. There's not really a soundtrack. The game just cycles the same song in the cut scenes and when you get caught by guards. The characters are boring and forgettable, especially the protagonist. The art style feels very generic and unoriginal. The helper character/side-kick keeps talking and telling you where to go and she seems like she's trying to convince you how ""great"" this game is.But OBJECTIVELY, the game is good. But that's all it holds for itself. There's no real significance with this game and its joke of a story."
76561198048327915,Recommended,214560,15813991,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Earl Crogg,The one true Ninja simulator!!
76561198042757315,Recommended,214560,15925343,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SamuraiCupcake,"For any lover of stealth games, this is a must-have.PROS:-An awesome repertoire of ninja skills to either get by undetected, eliminate your foes with traps and ambush, or instill fear and cause panic. Different suits selected at the start of level gives you these varied styles.-Smart AI that responds realistically to your actions-Huge sprawling levels to explore, that are also decently varied, from asian to modern to desert, for example.-Engaging story with many a punch, especially with the ending-Stylish comic book art style.CONS:-Generic bad guys. Its hard to really understand why everything is happening, other than ""they are villains that want to kill you and also like to make weapons to kill ninjas"".-Can be ridiculously difficult to get by undetected, esp. considering the limitation to 2 dimensions. May require great patience, precision and timing. Of course, you can always go berserk and get by the violent way.-Lacks any kind of multiplayer or co-op-Low probability of a sequel, given the ending. I hope there will be one though.-Forced alarm sections was notably frustrating, given the focus and fun of stealth and ""ghosting"". Once an enemy is alert, esp. when accompanied by guard dogs, its stupid hard to get by undetected.Negative point are mainly nitpicks, as otherwise the game is nearly perfect.I highly recommend this one!"
,Recommended,214560,8473351,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CthulhuBear,"Super hype, it makes you feel like an actual ninja. What's that over there in the darkness? Oh man, everything is darkness now because there's a throwing knife in the light! Hey, I think I hear something, hold on that's me being ♥♥♥♥ING DISEMBOWELED.10/10 would trapdoor-spider-attack unsuspecting guards again."
,Recommended,214560,8473860,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Celedhring,"This game is worth full price, it's a steal on sale."
76561198027882675,Recommended,214560,8474210,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Migzor,"Really enjoyble sidescrolling stealth 'em up.  Tight controls, good gameplay, nice graphics. Definitely recommend to fans of the genre."
76561198116688780,Recommended,214560,8474320,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DistinctMind,"Great game play, fun and addicting. Easy to learn and performs great."
,Recommended,214560,8474578,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zince,"This game is very enjoyable, the stealth kills.."
,Recommended,214560,8474633,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Crazy Lou,"I didn't think I'd like Mark of the Ninja. I certainly hated stealth games. After all, what are they but dreaded stealth segments stretched out for an entire game? Damn was I wrong.In Mark of the Ninja, you never feel so damn powerful. It's fitting, really. You're the lone ninja, single-handedly proving the Law of Conservation of Ninjutsu. You've got so many tricks up your sleeves, there's no one right way to play. Feel like stealthily taking down each individual threat? Go for it! Even if you're spotted, you're not boned. You're more than capable of taking on anyone that spots you, as long as you're tactical about it. One of my favorite things to do was make the guards flip their♥♥♥♥♥♥over their buddy's corpse, then trick them into shooting their other friends. You don't even need reflexes like a ninja to perform this stuff, since the game graciously provides you with a 'ninja focus' feature. You've got so many ways to go about your job, the replayability isimmense, even without the New Game +/Hard Mode that comes after the end. You don't even have to play stealthy if you don't want to! (A modicum of stealth is, of course, required to not die.)I said I hated stealth games, and Mark of the Ninja got me to reevaluate the genre. It's less about the stealth, and more the strategy. What's the best way to move forward without dying? Mark of the Ninja is a good example in this case, since very rarely are you forced out of hiding until you're ready.I haven't even gone into the story, and I won't say much. It has a standard twist at the end, and overall is enough to keep you engrossed if you find the gameplay a little frustrating. It's no prize-winning novel, but if you're asking for that from a video game about ninjas then you should probably set your priorities straight.I'm not going to try to give this game a rating, because that would mean comparing it to other games, and I don't think that's fair for either side. Even if you're not a fan of stealth games, Mark of the Ninja might just change your mind. Give it a shot; I guarantee you'll enjoy it.♥♥♥♥ the dogs, though. Seriously."
,Recommended,214560,8475068,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ahmad BinFahad,"Hands down one of the best games I ever played. Absolutely amazing. Awesome graphics, art style, animations. Smooth gameplay, well-done audio, and overall a must buy for any gamer."
76561198014948164,Recommended,214560,2947234,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Hartigan,It's like a 2D Metal Gear Solid. Stealth gameplay mixed with puzzle/problem solving. Good stuff
,Recommended,214560,8412664,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shadowedvaca,Very good stealth game
,Recommended,214560,3624370,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Kevin Spacey,I don't even like platformers buy I enjoyed the hell out of this game.
,Recommended,214560,8414842,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LootenantDan,"Awesome game, played many hours on the 360. I love it just the same on Steam but I think it will be better with a controller. Very satisfying stealth ninja game."
,Recommended,214560,8415901,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ganso,"This game can be considered a 2D version of splinter cell, it has many interesting gameplay mechanics and will encourage you to do a perfect run on each level in order to achieve the best score. My only complaints are the controls, checkpoint system and scoring system. One aspect I dislike is that you have to change your gameplay style in order to unlock some new gear and achievements, but by doing so you lose some points, this is ok if you do this on your 2nd run."
,Recommended,214560,3814326,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Brosauros,"""Mark of the Ninja executes its formula to such a high degree of near-perfection that I could hardly think of a way it could be meaningfully improved."" 9/10"
,Recommended,214560,2643646,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,Mito,... I couldn't stop or pause the game as soon I started playing it. Mark of the Ninja is a very smooth 2D side scrolling indie game. Worth playing and the story is what I am looking for.
,Recommended,214560,365493,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,ATF_Haya,"Simply amazing with a controller.  If you don't have a controller, don't bother with it though."
76561197993224918,Recommended,214560,1432951,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,GameMakeGame,KILL STEALTH KLL ....Its like Tenchu only 2-D
76561198041529893,Recommended,214560,4758565,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Cooper Channel,"Very good platfomer where we need to use the shadows and move silently to avoid the notice of guards. With our skills and ninja weapons we can kill the guards silently and various ways. Great fun, you need to try this.________________________________________________________Jó kis platformjáték, ahol ki kell használnunk az árnyékokat és csendesen mozognunk hogy elkerüljük az őrök figyelmét. A képzettségeinkel és ninja fegyvereinkel csendben és sokféleképpen tudjuk kinyirni az őreket.Nagyon jó móka, próbáld ki te is!"
,Recommended,214560,8476858,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ApplyScience,This game and Rogue Legacy are the reasons i still own a PS3 contorller. These with Big Picture and a contorller are instant classics. 9/10
,Recommended,214560,8477554,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,surray,"Masterfully executed stealth gameplay with tight controls and a perfect UI giving you exactly the information that you need, when you need it.The ultimate 2D ninja simulator."
,Recommended,214560,8477712,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Robzilla,One of THE best stealth games I've played in a long while. HIghly Recommend.
76561198092880988,Recommended,214560,8479699,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,saud910,Good Game
76561197993587886,Recommended,214560,8479996,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,WizarDru,"Mark of the Ninja seems to get everything right.  It's cartoony in a way, but deadly serious in another.  The stealth mechanics are fun, not frustrating.  It's a game that has multiple paths and seems to reward both exploration and creative thinking.  There is also a lot of stabbing.  The graphics are quite nice and the visual indicators of your stealth status work well.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,8480329,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kitschy,This is one of the best stealth games I've ever played.
76561198044926734,Recommended,214560,8480950,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NexusGer1,"Mark of the ninja is a very good game and one of the few games, I replayed several times to get the different challenges (""Do the level without killing"" for example). The game is nicely executed, the control is easily adoptable and the graphic-style is coherent. The story (for at least the first part is also good)To the downsides: Some of the puzzles or dream-levels are sometimes a bit easy or labour intens.Also, the second part in the desert-ish city was boring to me. After you are done with the tower and everything, it's very similar to the part beforeNone the less, a game I can fully recommend."
,Recommended,214560,8481052,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Jim,"This was actually a surprisingly fun and captivating game, which kept me finishing the singleplayer and the DLC mission. Sadly, the DLC disappoints and i felt that the DLC campaign was a little too short for a £4.99 DLC."
76561198071164566,Recommended,214560,8483492,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ariel.song,"really great game, and i highly recommend it. game is simple and yet interesting, but requires lots of strategy and a little bit of  patience to complete the game. best in stealth games. <3"
,Recommended,214560,8483562,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,blpittman,"Super into MotN. Getting close to the end, I think and it's been a blast to play. The story is super lame though. Westerners doing bad Japanese accents and writing ninja stories is a recipe for disaster. If you ignore the story, it's a fun adventure."
76561198012969215,Recommended,214560,2811150,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,DanielThe1st,"The Animations in this game are great. And you get to do all kind of cool stealth stuff.. I'm only in the middle, but definitely good purchase."
,Recommended,214560,610754,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,nicnik,awesome!
,Recommended,214560,773039,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,GRDavies,Who doesn't want to be a ninja?  Stealth game as an hommage to the superhuman killing machine. Nice controlls and artwork.
,Recommended,214560,8164713,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,el Mancha,"It sure deserves the award it won at Golden Joystick awards this year. It's a thrilling adventure with all that someone could ask for a ninja stealth game. I love the graphics and the gameplay is also awesome although a player has to hit space too many times in certain situations which was possible to change in the game's programming.Even so, I super recommend this game to all my friends and now to you all. It has a very good story and great game mechanics."
,Recommended,214560,8165677,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kaznisha,"One of the best platformers on the market, definitely worth buying ;)"
,Recommended,214560,2262573,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Somniac,"A fantastic stealth game, or action game, depending on how you decide to play through it. It has a good story, told in animated cutscenes generally between levels, with a clean graphics style. The basic rundown is that you're a ninja who must silently kill and slip your way past assorted enemy types and obstacles, using a myriad of tools and abilities at your disposal. Or running in and slicing people to pieces, terrifying them into murdering one another, or simply slipping past, distracting them all. Controls are fluid and intuitive, on both keyboard and mouse, or a gamepad. Either way works equally well, but I personally enjoy keyboard controls more as they give you a slight edge for aiming your thrown items.It's a fantastic game, with a high amount of replayability, given so many secrets and challenges to find on each level, the many unique items, equipment, and costumes, and the new game plus mode which adds a significant layer of difficulty."
,Recommended,214560,5675146,"Posted: 4 March, 2013",all,quasimoto,Awesome game. Amazing graphics and great gameplay.
76561198109506398,Recommended,214560,8160384,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,freakysevenup,"If you haven't played this game, if you have been watching from the shadows studying this game with any sort of hesitation, if you have any doubts that this game will be fun... WAKE UP!!!! This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ seriously this is a gem of a game! I enjoyed every minute of this game, and I can't wait to play it again! I haven't been so stoked playing a video game since GTA 4 came out. Stop waiting, stop wondering, just buy this game and you won't be disappointed! This game is currently on sale in the Holiday Sale so I suggest you stop wrestling your demons and just do it already!"
76561198043019673,Recommended,214560,8161616,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jnthnwng,"Stealth, artsy, fun"
,Recommended,214560,8129039,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,javiertoledos,"Very good game! you can play for hours! Good graphics, very nice gameplay and a well telled story.The game is not too dificult but fun to play. You can improve your skills or weapons while you advance in the game making it funnier (more interesting ways to kill your enemies).The moves and the graphics looks fluid, very well crafted."
76561198004898148,Recommended,214560,8131873,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Knaughts,"The best stealth game ever made, including every Thief, every Splinter Cell, and every Hitman. 'Nuff said."
,Recommended,214560,5073401,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Verdtex,Stealth combat at it's finest!
,Recommended,214560,8185292,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Naticus,"best stealth game created in a long time. side scrolling, stealth killing, ninja action!"
,Recommended,214560,8426826,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zanru,"Phenomenally fluid game. The theme and gameplay fit well together, without feeling like it's trying to hard. It's almost addicting to look at all you gagdets and think about ways to tear apart the opposition or simply slip by undetected, and the different items and styles combine to offer further choices in gameplay style, making it even more fun. Not to mention the story itself isn't half bad. All-in-all a great game that you won't regret buying."
,Recommended,214560,8431724,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dankey,Great game simple graphics good storyline and gameplay and very addictive. Overall it's a great game
,Recommended,214560,1735203,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,[*IQ*]einstein,Realy good steal action with upgrading and about 10 ways in every level how to finish it. 7/10
,Recommended,214560,8406029,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,souLess,awesome
76561198047712110,Recommended,214560,7614276,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Yellowsamuel,Great platformer/puzzle/stealth game. The style of the game is beautiful and really compliments the gameplay.
76561198078427083,Recommended,214560,8407203,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Stantron5000,"Tight, intuitive and responsive controls.  Best 2-D stealth game I've ever played.  Its so much fun with a lot of replay-abillity."
,Recommended,214560,8443856,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,tonyosh,"The first stealth game I played, was on Amstrad CPC, it was called ""Sabotage"". Somehow a prehistorical version of 2D stealth game. More than 25 years after, Mark of the Ninja came along. They figured all the intricate ways to make that particular gameplay impeccable. All of you out there you should rejoice, this is no ordinary game. We really had to wait a long time to see and play this through."
,Recommended,214560,795203,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Slorp,"One of the best games I've played lately: Really fun to play, good story, great combination of non-hyper platformer and puzzler, and quite easy to pick up.  Although it looks like the control system could be daunting, it is quite organic and smart.  I really like a game that pays attention to details like the menus and a unified look and feel.  This is one that works!"
76561198040267699,Recommended,214560,8447346,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,StratXF9,"Good game, nice story, could have had a better end from the build up."
76561198006607005,Recommended,214560,2383409,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Kernowace,Awesome!
76561198023495548,Recommended,214560,8419907,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Godnarok,"Easily one of the best and most satisfying stealth games I have ever played and stealth games are my favorite. Simple as that.Could've used a greater variety of kill animations, but that's a minor thing.   I highly recommend this game."
76561198002602648,Recommended,214560,8420130,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,oogly,A great stealth platformer. This is one of the few recent platformers I've actually wanted to finish and have replayed. The different items and multiple solutions to each level make it immensely replayable and never boring.
,Recommended,214560,1471677,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,[BEVR] frosted210,"Every gamer has wished to be a ninja, and of all the games I have played as one, Mark of the Ninja has blown them away. You will not be disappointed in this epic game of stealth and coolness. Highly replayable, enjoyable and addictive."
,Recommended,214560,8424784,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shyalaman,It's a 2D Dishonored !
76561198044050643,Recommended,214560,8069737,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,kastortorrealba,"This game is very fun. It is challenging, funny, the story is nice, the gameplay is awesome. It is very recommendable"
76561198054173114,Recommended,214560,5690186,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,MrRumpsteak,This game was so damn good it made me look into the stealth genre. Only problem is it sets the expectation for stealth games so high cause its just amazing.
76561198043142277,Recommended,214560,8074937,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,MobBarley,One of the best sidescroller ever. Such fun. Many hours.
,Recommended,214560,1932226,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Joshua,Best Stealth Game Ive played in years!
76561198051888916,Recommended,214560,8077356,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ahmad.alhamar,"This game is addictive in a good way.Instead of just ""leveling up"" stupidly like other games, you get upgrades which completely change the way you play the game, giving this a huge replay value.I finished the game in a few hours and then replayed it about four times over because every change in costume or item changes the way you play a level...Whether it is graphics, the story, the voice-acting, the music, or the amazing game-play and fun; if you are into 2D platformers, this is one game you should consider seriously."
76561198056652872,Recommended,214560,8078642,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lezli,"Amazing game. Fun, easy to binge on, and flavorful enough for the ending to leave you feeling forlorn that it's over."
76561198037496465,Recommended,214560,10964819,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fel Chad,"Prepare yourself for hours of obsesive compulsive tendencies. Mark of the Ninja is one of the most fantastic platformers we have on Steam, with great score attack elements and optional objectives that encourage you to change up your play style. The combat is simple and quick (unless you get into a fist fight) and you'll find yourself repeating an encounter with regular enemies over and over just to get the perfect kill, stealth, or otherwise. The costume rewards are great int he fact that they are balanced. Each has it's own benefit, while at the same time nerfing another aspect. Level design is sound, fun, and a-maze-ing, and the story is well done for such a short game; There's even a TWEEEEEST. Game is given a 10/10, and I will likely play the New Game Plus some time."
76561198043759969,Recommended,214560,10977976,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dirty Dirty Slats,"Awesome game, definitely worth it, especially when it's on sale. Only complaint is the awful voice acting during the cut scenes, everything else is near perfect although maybe a bit too easy."
76561198036751173,Recommended,214560,10980139,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,RustlingMedusa,I can terrify guards so that they shoot their mates.10/10
,Recommended,214560,825292,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Dillmunch3D,most surprising game i've played in years. hits all the right marks for a stealth game. totally nails it.
76561198028991952,Recommended,214560,10436366,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,ＭＵＳＨＵＦＡＳＡ,i almost played this game.
76561198042672501,Recommended,214560,10903961,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Jiggles,"This game. The game combines aspects of a 2D platformer, and an assassin's creed title, but cuts out the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of the latter. The game style is mission/level based, with endings not being 'kill this target.'  If you choose, you can sneak through instead, making the game harder, but awarding a large bonus at the end of the level. About half-way through the game you encounter a level in which you must kill someone. The stealth aspects and being able to by additional - unneeded, but much more efficient- upgrades. The use of sound in the game is great: As a detection issue. If you run, or do anything faster, you'll make noise, making almost every action a decision. disturbing crows on the rooftop will draw attention to their area, while the use of noise crackers and breaking distant lights can make it easier to sneak up on people. Areas devoted to puzzle-like challenges are present in the form of large gongs, and completing them unlock different things. All around, the game is sick: it's not as face-paced as super meat boy, but that doesn't mean everything. It's visually gratifying, the controls are tight  and worth checking out."
76561197970401807,Recommended,214560,10909271,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,snarkins,"By far the best stealth game iIve played in years. At first I was sceptical about the idea of a 2D game with stealth elements. All of my initial doubts were removed within moments of playing the game. This game is awesome, nuff said. 10/10."
,Recommended,214560,10890568,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Broshimitsu,Get your stealth fix.
,Recommended,214560,10893840,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PSYCHO,Really fun game to play if you like to be sneaky. 10/10
,Recommended,214560,420353,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Goredema,"This game is the new standard by which all other ""stealth"" games will be judged."
,Recommended,214560,10946378,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Xentac,"Everyone wants to be a ninja.  Great puzzles, lots of ways to solve the puzzles.  Lots of fun."
,Recommended,214560,947889,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,atesh,A 2D stealth platformer. How I wish I had this when I was a kid.A worthy competitor to Dishonored and Deus Ex: HR. Or best friends.
76561197967571077,Recommended,214560,283078,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,The_Ring-Bearer,"As far as the stealth genre is concerned, we now live in a Post Mark of the Ninja world. The way it visually presents information(such as footsteps, line of sight, light/darkness, and potential actions)  to the player is an impressive evolution of the stealth genre. As a ninja, you are both fragile and yet extremely deadly with a wide array of fun tools to deal with situations and even save your butt when you mess up.If you are in -any- way interested in the stealth genre, pick this game up. Even fi you arn't, pick this game up. It manages to avoid many of the problems that stealth games tend to have and provides generious checkpointing with almost super meat boy like loading of said checkpoints."
,Recommended,214560,2622370,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Mattrocity,"Suppose you liked the old PS1 game ""Tenchu - Stealth Assassins."" Suppose you're a fan of 2D sidescrollers.  This game smashes the pair nearly perfectly together without the cheesy fun dialogue from Tenchu, but still wielding awesome animated cutscenes. Add to that mystical tattoos and gun-toting bad guys, beating a level in this game either without killing a soul, or striking entirely from the shadows and leaving no trace of your passage, either way will have you pumping your fist in celebration. This is a kick♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Recommended,214560,8209853,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lowthor,"Nice fun stealth platformer. Re-load to the previous checkpoint is almost instant, which is a must in this kind of game. Looks great too."
,Recommended,214560,3340947,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Grey,"This game is just awesomeWhat i love is : The Design, Unique stealth gameplay, Nice Storyline and the OST is golden :O"
,Recommended,214560,4285321,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Rexmar,"Pretty great game. You can approach any situation however see fit. Choc full of ninja goodness. Recommended to those who like platformers too. As the Barenaked Ladies once said, ""The ninjas are deadly and silent. They're also unspeakably violent..."""
,Recommended,214560,347095,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,SomeDuder,Very yes
,Recommended,214560,8221734,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Raccoon,10/10 would ninja again
76561198010093404,Recommended,214560,8222317,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,the_bigseb,C'est tellement le fun!
76561197962322894,Recommended,214560,117870,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,TehObvious,lohnt sich wirklich das game
,Recommended,214560,965755,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Rettisawesome,not only the best platformer i have playedbut one of the best stealth games i have played.the story is rich. the gameplay is excellent. and there tons of unlockables that make the game that much more entertaining.i wont say its worth 14.99 (but it is). but if you ever find it for less than ten. it will not disappoint.
,Recommended,214560,8190144,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Samifly,"Really fun, great art style, not too long."
,Recommended,214560,967788,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,rayescapes,"""rayescapes assured"" Stamp of Approval."
76561197984284689,Recommended,214560,1009355,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,killer_bee,"Brilliant little game with visual clues that let you know everything that is going on at any time, because of this you never feel cheated by dumb♥♥♥♥♥AI or wondering why you died. Nice art style and good story."
,Recommended,214560,1303283,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,NeverGrind,Best damn side scroller I've played
,Recommended,214560,2634116,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Sandy McArthur,Great  fun for the tedious stealth action gamer
76561197972146100,Recommended,214560,7915837,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,"This game is everyting I love about Stealth games. The mechanics are awesome, and replaying levels is a lot of fun. If you like stealth/action games then you'll love Mark of the Ninja."
,Recommended,214560,7917550,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Rafrazao91,Just my favorite game of stealth.Just it.
,Recommended,214560,6860091,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,DeificShadow,One of the best games I've had the pleasure to play in awhile.
76561197979331716,Recommended,214560,819583,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,{KB}Vin,"A Must Own for any Stealth Genre fan. Levels are detailed and lengthy, different optional objectives for each level to keep things fresh and, yeah, the sense that you're a ninja..."
,Recommended,214560,7919969,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Gazz,"Great game, stealth action side-scroller. well done. play eet."
,Recommended,214560,7922085,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,DatGuy,this game is FREAKING awesome!!! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,214560,2964916,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Bukkkkkkk,"This game is almost perfect. Only thing it lacks is the gameplay time, if it would have more levels, it would be a 10/10. Its gameplay is amazing, you have so many choices to make, and has great replayability, because you can play in so many styles. After your first playthrough, you unlock a new difficulty mode, which makes the game more fun, and you actually have to pay attention.9/10 recommended"
,Recommended,214560,1949062,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,BattleLaf,This game is great. The end.
,Recommended,214560,6981916,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Blkviper,Jogo nos moldes clássicos de plataforma. Simplesmente fodástico!!! Devo lançar um gameplay dele em breve!!!
,Recommended,214560,5873346,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,"Baron Bacon V, phd.","A fun, unexpected, stealth gem. (as of now) 8.5/10+great style+great stealth mechanics+cool gadgets+good tutorals+long levels/good checkpoints-repeat death animations-useless melee-horrid menus-cleche'd story/characters"
,Recommended,214560,7976588,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ZeLT,"Really good diversity in what you can do. You could play through with all stealth, all kill, all terror, etc. and it still wouldn't get boring."
,Recommended,214560,3481676,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Haseo,"Sets the new benchmark for stealth action games, awesome game."
76561197985665787,Recommended,214560,7978229,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Revrat,.
,Recommended,214560,7985872,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Masayuki,Make alot of ninja game with bigger budjet look very crappy.  Alot of fun did not regret the buy.
,Recommended,214560,261976,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Everslain,"Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥and be a goddamn ninja, it's fun"
,Recommended,214560,7919613,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,KungFuOpera,"This game should print out a certification when you beat it, granting you honorary ninja-hood. All's left is to go find a clan and get to assassinating. If FPS games turn kids into gun-toting killbots, then this game will have them crawling on walls and slitting throats before dinnertime."
76561197973128615,Recommended,214560,616772,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,icekooldutton,"An   intelligent 2D stealth game that encourages you to go back to earlier levels to try out new skills and acheivements.Can you get through the game without killing anybody, or do you want to go for maximum body count. The play style is yours to choose.A true gem that will want you to go back to try for fun."
76561198032079667,Recommended,214560,4102033,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Garrett,"If you like stealth games, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,214560,7989467,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,PsYcHo,Great 2d game
,Recommended,214560,12948048,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,distem,Fun game.
76561198025221565,Recommended,214560,12950160,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,totalscoccia,Really good
,Recommended,214560,12953451,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Atsaras,Must play it!!!! it's all about the stealth!!! ;)
,Recommended,214560,10174466,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Blank,Easily one of my favorite games. It is absolutly fantastic and a must play for all.
,Recommended,214560,12321811,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Logicalcyclops,"This game is freaking awesome. I don't generally like stealth games, but I had watched an extra credits video that mentioned the game and thought ""Huh, this could be fun"" And it is. For the sale price it is unquestionably worth the price of admission. For normal price, knowing what I know now, I'd still buy it.And it does stealth really well, everything is streamlined and easy to understand with little time sitting still. The guard AI is simple and easy to understand, and othing terribly shocking comes from nowhere to murder you unfairly, making the times you do fail (And you will, so many times) that much more infuriating.And there's the NG+, which I'm convinced was designed specifically to infuriate players, as it takes all the awesome things the game does for you and takes them away and it just reinforces how well it's designed.It's also the best use of music I've seen in a video game, changing as the situation requires while keeping background elements constant to not feel jarring.Just get this game. It's awesome."
76561198001177686,Recommended,214560,2029420,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Devious Spud,"Very good game, quite adddictive but can be challenging at times. 8/10"
,Recommended,214560,3858605,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,✰✰➯@ℓℨ✖❕$↩✰✰,One of the best downloadable titles i have ever played and one of the best games from 2012. Artstyle is amazing and the gameplay is fluid and fun. So far this has been the best and most enjoyable stealth game i've ever played. It's well worth the asking price and a game you should definitely try.
,Recommended,214560,987967,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,MEcTb,Всем поклонникам хардкорного стелса посвящается!
,Recommended,214560,13212402,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Konungr_Kevinsson,"Mark of the Ninja is one of my absolute favorite games that I have gotten on Steam. It lets you have that ""AHA!"" moment over and over again as you figure out the puzzles. It also let you create the bloodshed of Skyrim. In my oppinion this is a great game that i recomend to everyone."
,Recommended,214560,13212605,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,RetroRampage,"One of the best stealth games, hell, one of the best video games period.This game just gets everything right in the gameplay department.  Nothing feels cheap, and there was never a time where I dies due to cheap controls, and there was not one game mechanic that I thought didn't work.One of my favorite things in this game, is you basically choose your own difficulty with your play style.Want to do a no-kill/no alarm playthrough, where you only kill the 2 enemys required to progress?  That's your hard mode.Want to stealth kill everyone, and make sure nobody's left alive to see you?  That's your easy mode.If you do a no-kill/no alarm playthrough, you will feel so accomplished once you win.  You were sneaky to get past the 100s of enemys without being seen, by planning out your movements and paths, and that's a fantastic feeling.  This game is also very forgiving, no matter how you play.  There are no lives, so that means if you mess up on an optional objective, just die, or restart from last checkpoint, and you can have another go.  This also goes for when you are trying to not raise alarms, so if you get seen, just let them kill you, and it won't register that mistake at the end of the level.  And from what I've seen, there are no punishments for dying, so you can retry as many times as you need to.The idea of being able to see how loud your actions (or anyone else's actions, for that matter) are, by seeing a circle around said action as fantastic game design.  You can even see your enemy's line of sight, so you can effectively plan around everything.Literally the only thing I can think of that might be annoying with this game is the voice acting is a bit lacking, especially in-game.  But even with the ""meh"" voice acting, they still managed to make the story and gameplay engaging!Also, I'm not spoiling anything, but damn, this game has one of the most powerful endings I have ever seen.Klei did a fantastic job with this game, and I hope for more DLC, or maybe a sequel(or prequel) at some point!9.5/10"
,Recommended,214560,13195013,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,templar,If you ever dreamed of becoming a ninja - play this game!
,Recommended,214560,13204352,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Simon says die!,Amazing platformer that offers interesting gameplay mixed with some puzzles.
,Recommended,214560,12919742,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Polonium Breathmint,Amazing game.
,Recommended,214560,13180963,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,WallysWellies,Fantastic game. Played plenty of this and loved it. Eagerly awaiting a sequel
,Recommended,214560,13186228,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,benjabitt,I hide in the shadows so they couldn't find me. High school simulator of the year! 10/10
,Recommended,214560,13236781,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Lyvric,A great game that looks at stealth in a unique 2d way. The learning curve is smooth and the achievements don't feel impossible. Just be careful in some of the later levels as the autosave can get awkwardly thrown off.
76561197971543212,Recommended,214560,524160,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Don't Copy That Floppy,Awesome stealth game with cool art style.
,Recommended,214560,4159515,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Sidereal Dragon,"Great stealth gameplay and super sneaky ninja action.  Supports multiple playstyles with different Ninja Paths allowing you to kill, ghost right by, or terrify enemies as you accomplish level goals.  New Game Plus offers good replayability for high score runs and flexing your fully upgraded ninja skills."
76561198036343317,Recommended,214560,4389866,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Jaydub,This Game is awesome. The art style is amazing. The music gives it a cinamatic feel wihout resorting to expesinve CG cut scenes. The Hand drawn 2D cartoon/Comic Book feel is great and original. .The game is easy play hard to master. The  dificulty settings add replay value. This is a 100% stealth game. this means that you cant really Gun your way nor slash away mindlessly with violence. Key to success and unlockable items is to think ahead.This is an exiting stealth game not to be missed. I strongly recommend this title.
,Recommended,214560,1481169,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,rhm,"It's a side-scrolling stealth game with a well-told story and great hand drawn art. There's lots of puzzles as well as action sequences. I did feel it dragged on a bit, but maybe that's because I played most of it in one sitting. The only negative mark is against the controls - it can be fiddly to get your ninja to do the what you want, especially in tight spaces."
,Recommended,214560,11496224,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Poweruser O9,"This stealth game is fun, and the unlockable costumes have different perks, allowing you to change up your playstyle. It has a low replay value but I would recommend picking it up when it's on sale."
,Recommended,214560,7355560,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Jagster,Amazing stealth game. Manages to make you feel like you are a stealthy ninja in a 2D enviroment.
76561198042109902,Recommended,214560,11700615,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,G4MB1T,Amazing game. Detailed levels and puzzles that make you feel like a true ninja. Brings back some memories of the old 2D games of the 90's that myself and many others grew up with a modern day twist. I personally adore stealth games espicially ones like this with multiple paths to take to complete a set task or clearing a room of hostiles. thumbs up.
,Recommended,214560,1961889,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,vasova,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WZ6Vl5uBGw
,Recommended,214560,11782039,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Osip-Bro)!),"The toy is just super. agree with komentom above. But there is an idea for multiplayer. 1-on-one, 2 on 2 and 3 on 3 Randomnaya map is created at the level where there is a bell, lights (which supposedly regenerates over time), and everything else, and the players have to fight, hide or steal things in stealth mode. I hope the developers themselves have guessed all the moments. It would be cool. Игрушка просто супер. согласен с коментом выше. Но есть идея для мультиплеера. 1 на один, 2 на 2 и 3 на 3. создаётся рандомная карта как на уровнях где есть колокола, фонари (которые будт востанавливаться со временем) и всё остальное и игроки должны биться, скрываться или красть вещи в стелс режиме. надеюсь разработчики сами додумают все моменты. Было бы классно."
76561198070811325,Recommended,214560,11764314,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Bustin without the Bustin + Alex,"This game is sweet, if you like a stealthy assassin type action game, this is for you. It is on sale currently and will be for a while so if you have a couple dollars (literally) then I would recommend it."
,Recommended,214560,11766214,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mythic Ducks,On sale for €3!!
,Recommended,214560,3691188,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Aimless Bandit,"This game is simply superb. The story, the atmosphere and the general look and feel of the game are outstanding. Calling this game a stealthy 2D side scroller doesn't do it enough justice. Its a lot of fun and really asks you to think about your movement. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214560,11766422,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,T3chnGam3r,"This game is outstanding, the storyline has been well thought out, the gameplay mechanics are perfect and i just adore it!The only issue i found during my first play through was that a check point happened without be getting to that spot making it slightly more challenging, but that only happened once.I would recommend this game to anyone, especially if you like puzzle/stratergy games."
,Recommended,214560,11768492,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Archue,"Awesome game, missed the last 2 sales event, so I did not want to buy it but now that its on sale, I bought it and it was totally worth, gameplay, awesome, graphic, awesome, awesome awesome awesome game!"
,Recommended,214560,11749334,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Fiddlebunkers,Probably the best ♥♥♥♥ing stealth game I have played in my life.
76561198056321703,Recommended,214560,11749344,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,T-Wrecks,"Mark of the Ninja is not only the best use of Ninjas in a video game, but possibly the best use of stealth in a 2D game. There is so much about MotN that is great, that I have trouble thinking of complaints. The graphics, the control, the story, the sound, the game play, it's all top notch and well paced. The game is as hard or easy as you want to make it as it gives you both freedom and interesting restrictions that you can choose to ignore. The plot is both minimalist yet brilliant. The ending twist is pure genius and a very interesting way of sidestepping the ""silent protagonist"" concept. There is plenty of replay value here (it's worth beating at least twice) and even if you play it just once, it's very enjoyable from start to finish. I can't give this game enough praise, it's one of the best indie games I've played and well worth the asking price (on sale or not)."
76561198008938194,Recommended,214560,11749724,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bagthief,"Great game, Can be buggy at times though"
,Recommended,214560,11750597,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,KD,Great Game
76561198052158214,Recommended,214560,5572968,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Great Spirit,Stealth at its finest... Plus you;re a flippin ninja!!!
,Recommended,214560,11751652,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,qrjusz,"Probably the greatest stealth game ever. Engaging story, hard puzzles and multiple ways of finishing each mission create a unique gameplay experience. The achievements are so nicely designed that you want to replay the game over and over just to get all of them. Hope for the part 2"
76561198064142762,Recommended,214560,11752429,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Matsukaze,One of the best stealth games i ever played. Its really short so buy the DLC also it only a dollar
,Recommended,214560,11752500,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Glimy,Some of today's great platform games!
,Recommended,214560,8634687,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fregle,"It works as a stealth game, but also as a platform game. On both fronts it's rather easy, even in the 'new game +' mode. The gratification doesn't come from beating the game though, it comes from the options you have for advancing. You can move fast and aggressively or slow and thoughtfully, you can try to kill everybody in a large variety of ways or you can try not to kill anybody, you can even try to just cause as much mayhem as possible without getting caught (terrorizing guards was one of my favorite aspects of this game).The interface is well made even for the keyboard/mouse, I didn't have any problems with the way the ninja moved, everything I needed to be clear was clear. The whole experience felt well rounded, the game seems very solidly thought out.It also looks beautifull, doesn't have any bugs I could find, runs smoothly on my old computer and sounds alright (there's hardly any music, but the sound needed to be functional and it is).It isn't really replayable but I would suggest this game to anybody who is even remotely interested in stealth or platform games (and to Japanophiles).8/10"
,Recommended,214560,1321261,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Gilded Phoenix,"Great side-scrolling stealth game that lets you feel like a ninja. PC controls are solid, but it also has controller support if you prefer."
76561198094993170,Recommended,214560,9125969,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,alex.garcia.p,"At first i was not very excited with this one, but oh man!, once you got the controls down sneaking your way in a building and killing the guards is so much fun. You can also complete the game without killing anyone, that´s another sthrengh of this title, you can choose for the most part which way to proceed and both paths (killing or hiding) are vey rewarding. This is an excellent game, any fan of stealth games or action games should try it, hell!, anyone who seek a good game for that matter. Also the presentation is beautiful."
,Recommended,214560,9127277,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,memoryman18,"I really like the gameplay alot for this one, Its controls remind me of the batman arkham serise. Its just a 2D platformer instead of a 3rd person beat em' up stealth game.But, I am past the first chapter I think and I am starting to get board with it, I have little interest in the upgrades and no interest in the story unfortunatly.I will finish this game... later, maybe there is some huge plot twist coming, it's been nudging me for the past hour going ""hay, hay, this part is regarding that plot twist we are going to do some time later in the game. Exciting right!?"" NO!But yes I have given it a recomendation, this is simply because it has got good gameplay and I have not finished playing through the story."
76561198049805587,Recommended,214560,9128843,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Hafgufa,Best ninja game ever!
,Recommended,214560,3322369,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,8-bit,Best Stealth Game Ever!
76561198029011173,Recommended,214560,9130114,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,heavenscloud_001,Fun experience. Really makes you think about your moves and gives you incentive to experiment in your tactics
,Recommended,214560,2325745,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Sid Lord,True Stealth game. everything is designed to make you be a true Ninja.
,Recommended,214560,8216389,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,speegit,i think is good game but i suck bad.
,Recommended,214560,1468046,"Posted: 18 October, 2012",all,Katheb,10/10If you like Ninja style stealth games this is what you are looking for.It gives you the option of pure stealth [no kills except bosses]or being a hunter taking out an entire army of people without anyone knowing you were there!I recommend it very much. Solid fun gameplay.
,Recommended,214560,8923203,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,scarface,"Zdravím, v této recenzi vám budu představovat hru Marko f the Ninja. Tato hra byla vydána v roce 2012 vývojářským studiem KLEI ENTERTAIMENT. V této hře se v žijete do role Ninja bojovníka jehož zvláštní tetování mu umožní mnoho různých schopností, hned ze začátku vám vůdce vašeho klanu ninjů nenápadně sdělí abyste pomohli svému klanu od velké zátěže. Ta zátěž byl Karajan nepřátel vašeho klanu, tento týpek měl v úmyslu váš klan co nejvíc poškodit abyste nebyli schopni obrany.  Vy koneckonců jak je tomu dobře zvykem schystáte úkol v dnešní době velice častý, jdi a zabij ho, ano vy budete ten kdo se vrhne do nádherného zpracovaného světa s opravdu nádherným soundtrackem a atmosférou. Hra vás asi nejprve zaujme velmi propracovanou komiksovou grafikou která je uvedená do 2D osoby což je skutečně skvost. Hra vám nabízí velmi otevřený svět co se týče možností zabít protivníka je jich opravdu nespočet je jen na vás zda-li budete chtít se misí proplížit nebo všechny pozabíjet. Ve hře je několik druhů nepřátel, první jsou jen klasičtí vojáci které zabijete velice snadno, druhý typ jsou vojáci kteří při sobě nosí speciální svítilnu to už je pěknej oříšek je zabít a ten třetí jsou lidé které musíte sledovat na určité místo samozřejmě za přítomnosti obou dvou předchozích typů. Jako zbraně zde máte k dispozici klasickou katanu s níž můžete velice rychle a tiše zabít soupeře, dále je zde takzvaný „ARROW“ s ním můžete například  zničit světlo v místnosti nebo pošťouchnout vojáky ;) Dále zde je SMOKE BOMB díky smoku se můžete proplížit místností aniž by vás někdo zpozoroval, poté je zde velice účinný a mnou hodně používaný „NOISE MAKER“ jakmile ho hodíte za vojáka vyvolá to zvuk který ho na chvíli zmate a vy máte příležitost ho zabít popř. nějak obejít  Jediný zápor této hry je že občas jsou puzzle trochu jednodušší oproti novodobým hrám tak že většinu PUZZLE LEVELŮ zdoláte během pár minut  Tato hra si vysloužila několik ocenění  a patří mezi  opravdu hodně povedené Indie Hry. Za tu skvělou práci co pro nás KLEI udělali patří této hře hodnocení 9/10 jedná se o jednu z nejlepších STEALTH akcí všech dob !Daniel „gladisus“ Gladiš"
,Recommended,214560,9321489,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Eso,I was actually surprised by how good this game is. The stealth system is very well done and is complemented by the art style.It is at times a challenging game but the challenge comes from decent gameplay mechanics as opposed poor design.Very good game for anyone that likes Stealth and/or Ninja themed games.The developer Klei Entertainment are a credit to Indie developers.
,Recommended,214560,9321747,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Private Butts,"Like shank, but playable. Also what thief shoulda been."
,Recommended,214560,9322009,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Chef Hill,THIS IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING BEST GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214560,9325155,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Othello,Sublime.
76561197996271930,Recommended,214560,9325747,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,thomasandrew,This is an example of how to make a great game. Perfect pacing and tells a great story. I was entertained the entire time and can't wait to go back and try to beat my old scores.
76561198122811498,Recommended,214560,9057813,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,BoonKackKom,im ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i hate the ♥♥♥♥in game ive been trying to get a return and nothing back from steam support sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214560,1021690,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Nick,A fantastic ninja game.  You can hide in the dark and avoid enemies or leap from the shadows to kill them unawares. A shining example of stealth done right.The multiple play styles make this game have a high replayablity too.
,Recommended,214560,9064733,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Relihazard,Epic game
,Recommended,214560,1786796,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,dumtruk,"You play Mark, the raddest Ninja! It is rad!"
76561198065724202,Recommended,214560,8902192,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[w][y],NINJA!!! *POOF*
76561198019778206,Recommended,214560,8902201,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Quac86,This is a extream intertaning indi game with a cool stealth kill engien. This is about not being seen and eliminate the targets u are assigned. There is a cool Skill tree there give u alot of great options to make your hunting abit easyer. Lots of ways to kill / hide and not get spotted.
76561198118697312,Recommended,214560,8902523,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,My dudes,Get it!
