user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,214730,7752396,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sardonic,"This is a damned good game.  Damned good at being multiple games, and succeeding at it.  Turn based space combat, real time space combat, text quests, real time strategy, other games would settle on a mere one or two of these, but Space Rangers HD: A War Apart is essentially the swiss army knife of space gaming.  With its consiterable polish from the previous versions, and new content, this game is a must have.  It is a perfect entry point into the game if you've never played it before.  That said, if you've played previous versions of the game, you might consiter waiting for a slight discount.  Even still, it's a bargain at any price, and will keep you entertained for literally hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,214730,15849370,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,King Abbas X17,I have to admit it...This game...is amazing. I have been playing now for about 6 days since I bought it.This game truly shines in every aspect. The thing I find most amazing is that the DEVELOPERS STILL SUPPORT AND UPDATE THIS GAME REGULARLY!!!!!YES! You heard me. THEY STILL UPDATE IT WITH NEW PATCHES AND STUFF. 7 years old?Doesn't matter. This game is such a classic and well worth it. I hope they come out with some DLC packs because they do such a great job and I would totally pay for it. But guess what? THEY RELEASE EVERYTHING FREE!!!These guys deserve 100% to be supported. THIS GAME ROCKS!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214730,9968413,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,40s & Blunts,"A-God damn this game is for mega nerds. Flying around, playing space, getting rich via capitalism -- it is all here. You can go to Venus and buy drugs. You can get a sailor-themed prison tattoo. I'm pretty sure for my latest quest I delivered the One Ring to Mount Doom in space. There are text quests galore. There are RTS missions of questionable quality. There are arcade-style shooting minigames that kind of suck but it doesn't matter because they are all optional. I started out as a wussy trader who got picked on my space pirates non-stop. Now I am a seasoned Space Ranger who kills for fun. It is a pretty good game. It was made by Russians."
,Recommended,214730,12678250,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Akiki.Babayaga.TCE,"I spent no less than 1000 hours playing this game back in 2007 and I feel so good having this game back now, a better one. I spent hours doing and caculating trades for maximum profit, I digged all the text quests like a crazy miner, I blew the whole galaxy up. If you played this game before you know the feeling when you got a massive hull with all available slots with high armor, it feels FREAKING GOOD BABY! And that moment when you caught a superb deal of trade and you see your credit account cha-ching up, it feels ♥♥♥♥ING GOODDDDDD!This game isn't a MMO but it makes you feel like you're playing a MMO game.♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game taugh me so many things about life!"
,Recommended,214730,7417282,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Lemmy [FHoH],"TL;DR: Great space 2D RPG with an arcade minigame and an RTS minigame and a whole lot of text quests for the extra retro feel. Really addictive, if you liked FTL, buy it. If you didn't, buy it anyway!I must say, this game is great! I've had tons and tons of fun with the previous installments of this little franchise and the newest one, A War Apart is definitely the best of them. The basic gameplay which will make up most of the time you play is a top-down 2D turn-based RPG, although the turns can run smoothly without a pause unless something happens or you chose to change the course of your spaceship or the unfortunate target of your weapons. It offers a great variety of weapons, equipment and ship hulls both you and the AI can use. You can upgrade and enhance every piece of equipment you have and alter its stats using rare items called micromodules.This variety also brings a great number of different playstiles, you can trade, complete missions for governments of different planets, be a pirate (ARRR!) and rob trading ships for money and goods, be a warrior and slay hundreds of pirates and aliens or chose any combination of those and others. Anything goes! You can also literally do nothing, just sit back and watch as the universe goes on without you, every ship pursues its own goals regardless of player's actions.The standard quests are pretty dull, either it's a parcell delivery, guard star system, kill this one guy and so on. The quests are quite silly and can contain nice little references. But they pay you in much needed cash and some rare items, if you get lucky.Then there are two kinds of special quests. Planetary quests bring up old-fashiond text quests which are really nice and fun, every single one of them is different and it really is a time machine that brings you a few decades back.The other kind is the RTS strategy ""minigame"" that lets you test your strategic skill against one to three AI armies of robots. There are resource factories you can capture and even destroy. Those can be protected by 4 kinds of deffensive turrets. The units you and the AIs control are modular robots. You can customise every single robot you make, you chose the hull, chasis, head and weapons. All these have different characteristics like speed, HP, damage, range, resource cost and so on. You can also take manual control of a robot you created and move and shoot with it as in a third-person-shooter. But I'm bad at RTS games and always get my butt kicked by the AI so I never really appretiated this game mode.On your journeys through the universe, you can also stumble apon a Black hole (should be called a wormhole, though). Going through it lets you a play an arcade top-down minigame where you fly your ship using arrow keys in an arena-like area, pick-up power-ups and shoot enemy ships with your weapons. After you deal with the ships that are inside, you get a random, usually rare item and appear in a different star system. The minigame is quite fun and is a nice, simple addition to the game.Both the graphics and the GUI are a bit outdated and lack customization options, and some stuff gets too repetitive pretty fast. Same thing with the soundtrack. While the soundtrack is quite good, every single track is very distinctive and in a game that offers a great amount of playtime, it all gets very repetitive and a music mod would come in handy.The developers updated and balanced the game after release and the game turned out to be pretty balanced and additional content can bring the veterans of the franchise back to play and actually offer something new to the old players, which is really nice and I hope that one day, Space Rangers 3 will see the light of day.To sum this up, once you get into it, it's a lot of fun and you can spend hundreds of hours with this game. There are some issues but the good qualities prevail.I give this fun little russian game 8 bottles of vodka out of 10."
76561198052185866,Recommended,214730,12399319,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Donmegawatt,I play a lot of games. This one is in my top five of all time. Brilliantly balanced. Intelligent. Varied. Well-paced. Expandable. Fantastic. I wish I knew what the people who made this are doing now ... I'd just buy it.
,Recommended,214730,9819688,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Yummi,"Describe this game in 3 words? Okay - AWESOME SPACE SIMULATOR.This game has almost everything.Space BattlesEngaging text questsRTS minigame with robotsSaving the universeFive playable racesMany Star SystemsTechnological development as you playTrading supplies between planetsWonderful audioand much more. There is too much to list which is fun about this game.If you have never played any kind of futuristic space simulation game, this is a good place to start."
,Recommended,214730,12434927,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Franknfurter,"I played Space Rangers 2 : rise of the dominators to death.I played it to death because it's awesome.What about Space Rangers HD: A War apart? Any better?This isn't just an upgrade but a complete overhaul. There are a lot of little changes and some very big new mechanics. If you're used to the older games I think some things you may find frustrating, but it's a good frustration not a bad one. Like being check-mated unexpectedly, it makes you want to play again, try something different and adjust your strategy.The developers don't work in english, so communication is sometimes a little brief and intermittent. There have been regular updates but I can't tell you what half of them did as they drifted in undocumented. That minor quibble aside it's well worth your money. It's a classic that keeps getting improved so hopefully those little translation problems will be tackled eventually. Even if not it's a great game and well worth the money."
76561198192625813,Recommended,214730,32261804,Posted: 7 June,all,Talisman,"Although the name sounds goofy - this is one of the most diverse space games that I have played since Star Control I & II.  Players will enjoy multiple things happening at once - all roundtime based.  Those familiar with the original will find new challenges with a pirate alliance providing opposition (or alliance) in dealing with 3 separate robot armies.  Arcade style hyperspace, ground robot battles, ship building and ""text based"" missions that may even require your high school skills in algebra or chemistry.  Includes a training mission so that new players can learn as well.  I've logged hundreds of hours into this game and still enjoy playing."
76561198024792500,Recommended,214730,15804903,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,XorUnison,"Back in the day I stumbled across Space Rangers 2, played it, and totally loved it. Only after that I played Space Rangers 1, both of which I have on steam. And yeah, the older Space Ranger parts were once on steam, but for some reason they've been taken down from sales. That is if you already bought them you can still install and play them from steam.Strictly speaking Space Rangers HD is a remake of Space Rangers 2. It started out rather similar, but with time I feel that HD has really become a new game. There is a HUGE lot of more content than in Space Rangers 2.Pros:-Intricate and tactical space combat-Massively varied hulls and equipment-The general difficulty, primarily space combat, ranges from easy (the galaxy will eventually mostly fix itself) to nightmare (the galaxy is totally doomed unless you are constantly there to protect it)-The difficulty can also be adjusted very precisely-The galaxy is truly alive, and nothing centers around you, unless you get the power to make it so, but even then life will always go on, whether you're there to witness it or not-Great and emotionally immersing music (this is obviously subjective, I've also seen reviews that claim the music is subpar, something I'd never agree on)-The addition of planetary battles, black hole arcade battles and text quests makes the Space Rangers universe feel much more complete and immersive, and you're mostly not forced into either of them-The devs are still active some 2 years after the game has been released and it is very polished, I guess I don't have to mention that this can't be taken for granted nowadays-Interesting story and you're not forced to approach it in one single way, do whatever you feel you have to doCons:-Planetary battle difficulties range from almost impossible to lose to almost impossible to win, some of the maps are so hard I don't see any casual gamer ever winning them (not without like 24 hours of practice and/or guides at least), and here you have no say in the difficulty of the maps you get, except for taking more resistant bots or more reinforcements on hard maps, which reduces your rewards-The AI behaves mostly intelligent and acceptable, but there are some exceptions, military ships will sometimes pick their targets so badly they can't even kill one enemy before dying, and your robots in ground battles are in constant danger of committing suicide if you're not there to prevent it-The devs thought that having ships simply shoot and destroy wares in space is a good way of keeping sectors clean, so you see something really valuable in the system, you're on your way and you see a civilian ship flying by? You can almost certainly expect it to shoot down your loot, the same counts for military ships when you fight dominators, always keep a save handy in case some of the military ships decide it's important to shoot down your most valuable drops (ships will start shooting wares after there are 7 objects in the system... which happens very fast because even the passing asteroids will easily litter 7 mineral pieces into the system)I might've descibed the negative points in details, but don't let that fool you, the pros vastly outnumber the cons. Is it worth getting this game? If you like turn based space RPGs the answer is: Hell YES!"
,Recommended,214730,32953564,Posted: 28 June,all,The Trooper,"One of the best games i have ever played. Seriosly, i have been playing Space Rangers since 2005 and this game is still damn cool! Guys, you just need to try it!Do you want to become a famous space hero? Checked!Do you want to become an infamous pirate? Checked!Do you want to be a trader all over the space and/or smuggler, drug-dealer? Checked!You don't have money? Take a loan from a bank!You have bad reputation all over the space? You can make a new documents and hide as another person!Want to make a pirate band with fellow npc-pirates? Checked!Want to explore planets? Checked!Do you like text-quests? LOATS OF THEM!This game is full of jokes, all dialogues are hand-made and makes me laugh even now.10 cockroaches of 10"
,Recommended,214730,7741133,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Crown of Smoke,"Space Rangers is one of the greatest and most unknown video game series of the past 10 years. An obscure offering from Russia, the second game, now released on steam, is remastered and well worth a couple dozen... Hundreds of hours of your time.You play as a solo ship captain and choose how to advance your way through the galaxy--will it be trade? Piracy? Military conscription? Courier work? Bounty hunting?Obviously. But what makes this game so different is that the galaxy is being slowly taken over by ""Dominators"", a Borg-like machine race with 3 factions which annihilate fleets and conquer star systems. To fight them is futile. At first.As if that were not enough, the game also incorporates text-adventures for fun and profit, as well as planetary battles ala Starcraft. The ambition and scope of this game has to be commended.This is the closest that any game has ever come to advancing the genre began by games like Star Command, Rogue and Wing Commander: Privateer. And now the game has trading and acheivements? I give my highest recommendations and hopes for this game."
,Recommended,214730,12656886,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Qwib Qwib,"I had played the original Space Rangers 2 Reboot, which this HD release improves upon. Despite it's faults, I really enjoyed the game and put a lot of hours into it. A War Apart adds new content and some bugfixes which makes for a better experience. The Pirate clan added to the game gives it more depth and makes it much more fun to be an actual pirate in the game. You may join them, or you may use their territory as a safe zone. The original game made it very difficult to pirate efficiently. Still, the Dialog remains a little on the dodgy side, not much has changed there. If you played the Reboot and enjoyed it, this is a recommended purchase. For someone new to Space Rangers however, this is a solid game with quite a few modes of play. Whether your quests can take you to do an RTS section or a Text adventure, you aren't forced to do them if they're not your cup of tea. I will say this is a game for an older gamer, and it shows it's age even in this re-release."
76561198049313249,Recommended,214730,19640693,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,nerevarine,"BASICALLY, A STAND-ALONE EXPANSION OF SPACE RANGERS 2 / SPACE RANGERS 2: REBOOT""REBOOT"", fixed a ton of issues with the original SR2, added some stuff.In this game, you are a Space Ranger, at war with the ""Dominator"" machine-ships, and in AWA, at war with the Pirates too now. You can go do whatever you want. Trade between planets, star systems, explore, help the Rangers, help the Military, help the Pirates, help yourself, whatever. The game world goes on BY ITSELF. You can Hail any ship, recruit other ships, or raid and loot transports, liners, whoever. You're on a 2D map while a 4X game basically goes on without your help. Help or don't. Up to you. You can do 3D RTS style missions. Or text-based/Choose-Your-Own-Adventure type missions. There is even a shooter-arcade type mode.SR:AWA fixes a few things, adds higher-res, and adds a lot more stuff.Stuff? What stuff? That is what I always wanted to know.But no one ever would say. They'd be like ""they added a few things"".OK, like what?WHAT?Not even the game developers explain all that they have added.SO HERE IS THE JIST OF IT:-You can join the Pirates FOR REAL.  Before, you would be a pirate by ACTING like a pirate. You can be a good guy or bad guy and land at their bases. They didn't care. NOW, you can still do that, but now you can OFFICIALLY join them.So you are a Ranger but you can join the Pirates. To advance, you have to ACT like a pirate, earning pirate ""points"" for doing various nefarious things (attack transports, get them to give-up cargo, extort money from them, or blow them up, etc.).-In the Pirate faction, there is a ""rank"" system, like the Rangers have. Once you earn enough pirate points to reach the next rank, they don't just give it to you. Rather, you will be given a quest to complete. This can be a frustrating chore. Given Pirates are ""take no kraaap!"" types, you have to take it from them to complete a quest to ""rank-up"". One quest, I had to land on a planet and do something, but since I'm a pirate, and the planet hates me, I get captured right away and they try to throw me in jail. LOL. The only way out is to pay $$$$$ in fine (racks up as you raid/destroy ships to rank-up in the Pirate faction) or destroy a bucket-load of Dominators (who are they? Imagine if Skynet from Terminator built spaceships to conquer the galaxy). SO, what are really ""non-pirate"" activities, that must be completed, really make the Pirate-rank-progression thing a real buzz-kill.-Destroy stations. The Dominators in the other games could do it. Why couldn't you? NOW YOU CAN. So when you go ""full-Pirate-aggro"" in the past games, all civilian ships, military ships, and some Rangers are hostile to you, and you can battle them to all you want to blow them out of the stars.Now you can blow all their precious space stations out of the stars too.I always wanted that in the game. Stations always have a huge impact on a star system, and the ability to drastically alter a system, So are you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the Rangers? The Military? Scientists? Medical? Business Centers? Etc. BLOW THEM UP. You can take out any station now.(Maybe next they should add planets? lol.)-New ships models/types, new weapons, new devices/ship-parts. This is the best. SR2:Reboot always needed MORE stuff. More gear is better. You always reached a point where you're like ""This is all?"" and hoped there'd be mods or something that added new stuff. The game could seriously benefit from a Diablo/Drox Operative-type loot system, in my opinion. They developers tried to expand on this as best they could without ruining the game. They split up ship's abilities into Energy, Shield, and some other thing. Unfortunately, it's never really explained, you have to go online to figure out what ""E:"" ""S:"" and stuff means. Pretty stupid. But it's not imporant. What you look at is the item description and what it will do for you and your ship. ""This weap will do 10-20dmg and has range of 300"". That's pretty much all I need to know.A bunch of fans of the game are REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the new changes to items/weapons.I'm sure they had a ""routine"", to start-up, progress, and which ships/items to go for, with each game they play (or just used to same game. On SR2:Reboot, I've been playing the same character/game for like 4 years. lol.).SO, the developers coming in and changing things, ""messes up"" the routine.Overall, I didn't find it that drastic or distracting. It did seem to make progressing a bit harder, and drawn out.The game is a ""long game"" in that sense anyways.-New ships for Dominators too. I like have they might have a command/flagship in their fleets now sometimes.-New songs (not too many though)-High-Res available, and new graphics/effects. There are new combat-FX which look better than SR2/SR2:Reboot. Not THAT much, but it's more fluid and more tight. A very welcomed change. As for the HD/High-Res....FORGET IT. While the game runs great maxxed-out, everything looks too small anyways. Like watching beetles zap each other all over the screen. NAH, I'd rather be able to actually see the ships closer than this, and not with a magnifying glass. You can adjust the font but it looks stupid when playing at max res and each letter is the size of an ant's behind.Still, if you have a really humungous monitor, it would be better suited. Even with lower-resolution settings, the game looks great. It always did before so why should it not?It seems the whole ""high-res"" just really serves to make everything ""smaller"".It doesn't appear to me that they tightened the graphics at all, but rather, made it to where you're more ""zoomed out"" and slapped ""HD"" on it.Seriously, if you play on highest SR2:Reboot res, the game looks totally the same.That's not a bad thing. Like I said, the ""high-res"", is really just the game more zoomed out and not suffering from graphical anomalies as best I can tell.-I can't remember anything else that stood out as different. Tons of small improvements here and there, like stations do a better job shooting down asteroids passing by, that spawn more minerals.-ONLY SERIOUSLY BAD THINGS: I hate that ships run away super-fast, if they are losing a battle. The game still has problems with ""targeting"". Like, you can't target anything outside your weapon range, but you can fly within range once the ""turn-based/simulatenous-real-time"" starts. So why not be able to set the ship to fire automatically at a designated target? If you use the default option to ""attack target"", the ship flies moronically.Your ship will fly away from the enemy, because the enemy might be flying on a path to where doing that manuever will put your weapons in range.....BUT IT DOESN'T WORK HALF THE BLEEDING TIME.In SR2:REBOOT, this happened, but it actually appeared to work effectively 75% or more of the time. Now, it'sl ike 40% of the time. That's REALLY frustrating.OH YEAH, and while I appreciate that ships ""realistically"" try to flee and land somewhere to get away and repair, when this happens though, they have some sort of magicaly ""turbo-boost"", where they fly off at ""cheat"" speeds.They land.They know if you are camping them.Once you fly far away, they will launch, and attack, or fly away.So you play a ton more of ""cat/mouse"" in AWA. They ran away too in SR2:Reboot, but not with some super-turbo-boost like that. So it really ruins combat in the game, drags it out endlessly, in fact.I seriously believe they need to release a patch that nerfs this.OVERALL:Personally, I'd want to recommend SR2:REBOOT instead.That was the best of the SR series.BUT...AWA streamlines the game and adds stuff, and despite its issues--they aren't much, so I'd have to go ahead and recommend SR:AWA. If you play SR2:REBOOT, and then play this new one, you'll be like ""Dude, this has more stuff to do, more things? Why didn't you tell me? WHY?!""Now you know! :D"
76561197994771779,Recommended,214730,9819703,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Kvinkunx,"An excellent game. One of the best space shooter-trader games around. A sandbox in essence with voluntary random quests and the main goal to fulfill sooner or later. Although it is 2D and turn based, its combat is really thrilling and you need to plan your moves well. What is more, even looting is thrilling, since competing NPCs may steal what's dropped off your precious kill. You can do the same to their loot too, luckily.Trade in this game works great, unlike in most other space shooter-traders. You can get more and less subtle hints from planetary profiles, galactic news, business centers.Plenty of options what ship hull to buy and how to equip it. Oh, and checking on shops for ship equipment is fun too, because these items are semi-random, ie. random within their class range.And then, there is this heaps of subgames. Y'see, we have this Czech saying, ""It's like, as if a dog and a cat baked a cake together."", but this is not the case. It all fits together nicely. It feels refreshing. The wormhole arcade battles in realtime, the 3D RTS battles (those are real tough), and the most marvelous greatly designed text adventures for all you retro fans out there.Want an alternative to the common good guy plot? Playing a pirate has equally fine options here.I've already finished old SR1 and SR2 and keep coming for more with this HD gem."
,Recommended,214730,25848596,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Gabeux,"One of my favorite games of all time, this HD 'revival' of SR2 makes it even better (unless you dislike the new Pirate faction, which you can disable using a mod).The game presents a ton of features that can suite a wide-range of playstyles. The living and dynamic universe is probably the best one I've seen in a videogame, where NPCs actually have their goals, agendas, skills, equipment and all that. If you don't fight the war, it will fight itself. If you don't improve, your adversaries will.The space (main) part of the game is played in a turn-based fashion, but there are also 'arcade arena' battles which you fight in real-time in a top-down view, RTS missions and text missions of different types and styles.Ironically, I tend to dislike turn-based games, I don't play the text quests (unless I'm REALLY in the mood) and I never bothered with the RTS battles much..still, it's one of the few games I've replayed many times.If you're interested in space games, or in games with dynamic worlds..most definitely try it out!It's a shame there's still no plans for a Star Rangers 3, or for some space sim games from the same developers."
76561198098226925,Recommended,214730,12495912,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Parhel,"One of my all time favorite games.  Bought when it was first released years ago, bought Reboot when that was released, and bought it again on Steam.  Normally, that would bother me.  With this game, I have no regrets."
76561197995436761,Recommended,214730,12988280,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,jcaracc2003,"Please ignore the Steam time played. I bought this back in 2006 as an actual physical product and before the HD version. This gem is a little bit of everything and will bring a smile to veteran gamers and introduce console folk looking for more substance to a world fun not possible on consoles.Some reading this will remember things called text adbventures. Well, they're back in this game! Want some RTS  battles on a planet's surface? It's in there! Space combat that is tactical? Check!Every new game is randomized ad you can choose what components to include. If you don't fancy the text adventure component, just uncheck it. (You'll be missing out however on some great fun).The game is quirky and many have compared it to SPAZ and I think the comparison is spot on though it is more accurate to compare SPAZ to this as SPAZ is clearly a love letter to games like Space Rangers HD."
76561198041652237,Recommended,214730,31842556,Posted: 19 May,all,nova_vortex,"This is a game that has been lying around my library for awhile but I never got to try, until one day when I need to clear up some space for my HDD and look around steam library for games to delete, and then realized I had downloaded this 1 year ago. Since I have some free time, maybe I should try it, why not?And then I got addicted. Its like KOEI Uncharted Waters in space! It's the freedom to do whatever you want, go wherever you please. And I havent even mention the awesome mini-games within the main game. To me, it's a gem waiting around my library and I'm so glad I discovered it"
,Recommended,214730,16706057,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Chaostos,"Multi-genre, Space RPG, land RTS, Text Quest, Arcade action in sub-Space and a universe of other things to do.Be a pirate, a mercenary, ranger, trader or all of the above. Alien races, planets, Screw the universe or help it. Take it easy and relax or crank the difficulty and go hardcore into the battle.Battle or evade enemies and find artifacts, make your own fleet or go solo. Buy, upgrade, and sell ships, weapons and modifications.Lovely atmosphere and exploration, great music, classic sci-fi themed tunes and great humor across the board. The game got its own style.Redone in full HD glory, with new tech support and insane ammounts of content over the course of 11+ years of updating, by loving developers and now, by a team of fans. Massive.Impressive and a true testament of a love for the game by Developers and Fans.Overall, a unique experience, highly recommended."
,Recommended,214730,7573811,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Grand Master Gore,"Space Rangers is at its basics an adventure/RPG set in space. The game is centered around a galactic struggle with a mechanized race known as the Dominators which showed up out of nowhere to give the five main galactic races a pounding. The Space Rangers are the first line of defense against these invaders and are pretty much an autonomous organization built as military and trade support. Players will need to climb up the Ranger ranks, gain new equipment, kill lots of dominators, help research thrive, and eventually take out the three main Dominator command units. How that happens is very open for interpretation."
76561198034430113,Recommended,214730,13086600,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Thornaxe,"A good game overall, i've played the space rangers 1 and 2 and 2 is definitely worth your time and money.  A few new weapons and gear variants set this expansion/revamp apart from its predecessor, which allows you to give your ship a bit more flavor.  Being able to search for gear more effectively makes it INFINITELY easier to track down that better engine you'd otherwise spend hours planet-hopping to find. My only complaint is that they added a bunch of new planetary robot battles that were poorly thought out and wildly unbalanced.  These were my favorite part of space rangers 2, they were wildly lucrative, and with a careful hand, completely winnable.  This is not the case in the expansion, several of the maps i've played in (that i dont remember from previous playthroughs) are unwinnable in my opinion/experience.  You start out with absurdly limited resources and no defensible positions, or the map setup is such that what should be a free for all with 3 or 4 opponents ends up being everybody bumrush the PC.  Dealing with that kind of onslaught (30+ robots vs your max 8 or 9) early in a match isnt an issue of skill, its just poor design/planning.  Additionally, it seems to me that robot AI is even poorer than it was before the revamp; these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s cant fight their way out of a wet paper bag.  You cant depend on them to attack targets effectively, and they either stand around and refuse to help your controlled robot, or charge off and engage the enemy 2 screens away.  The kind of situation not conducive to keeping ones blood pressure in check.  Also, i feel the new pirate faction (which was an awesome idea) are very overpowered.  You can build a ship that can waltz into a dominator controlled system and ""liberate"" it solo, its not easy to put that ship together, nor cheap, but it IS possible.  The same cant be said for a pirate held system (in my experience so far, this could change) damn near every pirate ship comes equipped with missiles that will knock out all of your electronics (repair droid, shields, targeting, etc.). Obviously this makes killing anything a wee touch impossible.Overall a great game, but i feel that the revamp lost some of the polish of the original, and has some significant balance issues which, while avoidable, are detrimental to gameplay"
76561197987756750,Recommended,214730,14722919,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,AMRD,"Best multi-genre game ever made.Ever wanted to be Malcolm Reynolds from Firefly? Well now you can! And not only that - the fate of the galaxy is moving towards a really tough crossroads. It's up to your strategic skills and moral choices weather it shall be in the hands of Pirates, Dominators or Coalition at almost every given moment!This game can be as relaxing or as intense as you make it. You decide weather you whant to go a peacefull (possibly) journey to another system with a trade mission or is it high time to go and fry yourself some crazy robots!)"
76561198039479430,Recommended,214730,14305711,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,CMDR Toshiro Mifune,"This is basically one of my favorite rpg's of all time, if not THE. why? i honestly don't know but let's try to find out...My first impression with the game came from a cracked release before even the steam version, as i heard the game's music (coolish electronic most of the time) it made me feel like i was 8, and playng with my amiga 500, graphics did the same (but don't let that fool you, while it looks oldschool it's wuite stylized). It was like the scene in rataouile when the food critic tries the peasant dish and it transfered him back on his childhood. so i gave it a long shot. so more about the game: It is a space open-universe rpg. you create a char from various classes and races, and you start. there are two basic plots in this edition, but you can follow your own path as well. you can get a party as you progress and theres a cool way of communication between pilots or other npc that makes it easy to control them. Mini game modes for planetary battles reminded me of Z but with customized mechs, text based quests such as prison escapes or even races (WIN-WIN MUD LOVERS) and an arcade style shooter in black holes. combat system is semi-turnbased, lots of little stuff to buy for your ship, lot's of ships, and many times many quests planets npc. Oh also you get to die in this game sometimes as well, it's THAT oldschool. Friends of true rpg or strategy games, space simers or simply rave-dancing drug abusers unite!!!"
76561198078375209,Recommended,214730,25657252,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Vayra,"If you go into Space Rangers expecting ANYTHING, you will be proven wrong.Go in expecting nothing but a fun space themed game, and you will be pleasantly surprised by its quirkyness, its sense of humor, and its extreme variety in gameplay and content. This game is Freelancer in 2D, taking no one seriously and making you love it. In all honesty, it is hidden gems like these that are the reason I play games."
76561198118576719,Recommended,214730,10320161,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,yao.89,"Overall, this game improved on a lot of the older glitches that occurred in the previous versions. I would say that most of the gameplay is still roughly the same, however, it is still the wait and see approach. Meaning you have to slowly build up your cash stack + artifact stack + micromodule stack + ship + equipment, before you're strong enough to solo. Cheats are severely nerfed in this version, so I suggest not using them. The planetary battles are fun, but some of the newer ones really just involve luck. However, you can get so much money from planetary battles at the end. I would rate it a 4.5/5."
,Recommended,214730,13302938,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,enkerro,"I was introduced to Space Rangers 1 by my father, we sunk approximately 100 hours into it, he was staying up at night playing it. It was such a great game at the time! Space Rangers 2 managed to keep the feel of the first one, and add a bunch of other great stuff to it! This is a game made as a shared dream, it's made with love, you just can see the devs sitting there late at night brainstorming, adding everything they think they are capable of to the game.http://youtu.be/iWOhjtpQKHgWhat you get when you buy this game:- A world, inhabited by 5 races, a world that doesn't really need you, as it can solve most of it's problems itself, sometimes even winning the game doesn't require your input.- A plethora of space quests: deliveries, bounty hunting, escorts, guarding a system, etc.- Space trading, that requires you to analyze the galaxy's markets and the margins you can profit on.- Turn-based space travel and combat, diplomacy even, there's usually several ways to resolve a conflict.- A 2D arcade space shooter.- Planetside RTS, around 40 different maps, 4 sides of the conflict, mech constructor, ability to take control of a mech individually in an FPS-like fashion.- Text-based quests, ranging from solving ancient mysteries, to exploring planets, to baking pizza or running a gaming magazine.- A lot of customization, you can improve your ship as new tech is researched and better devices are unlocked, and then improve some more by adding the artifacts, micromodules and science station upgrades.- A simple talent system, you can also level up your followers' or space stations' talents.- Diseases and stimulators- Great space themed music, although the compositions added in A War Apart are not as good as the original ones.The negative stuff:- Older graphics can be a turn off for a lot of people.- Most of the positive things were there before A War Apart, this rerelease just adds some more variety and feels very fan-made (and it partially is).- More scripted situations were added, and they seemed to crash me a lot.- Subpar A War Apart music.- Making the pirates a third force worked out in a strange way.A War Apart seemed rather raw to me, compared to the original SR2 and SR2: Reboot, if you can get either of those, then it's better to go for them.Rating it 8/10 - A strange iteration of a 10/10 game, no way to get the original off Steam though, so still worth it."
76561198064569967,Recommended,214730,14607288,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Einarr the Sullen,"""Admiral Piett: Our ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, my lord. But, it has entered an asteroid field and we cannot risk...Darth Vader: Asteroids do not concern me, Admiral. I want that ship, not excuses.""Without any doubt it is one of the best games made by russian gamedevelopers. Lot's of planets to visit, lot's of ships to purchase, lot's of pirates that ready to blow your ship apart and of course a lot of references to other games, movies. And i forgot to mention the music, every track deserves 10/10. To conclude i would like to say that if you want to conquer the galaxy on Imperial Star Destroyer you are welcome!"
,Recommended,214730,7762863,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,NeoSacratif,"Unlimited freedom, sandbox and hardcore are the main features of the space simulator. Unlike typical representatives of this genre, ""Space Rangers"" - arcade simulator. If severe MMORPG ""EVE Online"" is necessary to consider the impact of each weapon on energy, the ""Space Rangers"" everything is easy - just watch the weight of the ship and, if possible, buy equipment easier and better.However, the arcade has never been synonymous with ""bad game."" On the contrary, Space Rangers became a successful for Russian Game Development. Both parts.Several years passed. Developer Studio collapsed. New OS, combined with the lack of support of the game, do SR unplayable. Is this the end? No. SNK-Games, a small modding studio, enlisting the support of publisher 1C, released a reissue of the game, ""Space Rangers HD: A War Apart"". Besides of removing technical flaws and achieving good optimization, they decided to surprise us with new content. First of all - pirates.Pirates are a new faction, a belligerent with the Coalition led by a mysterious leader. Pirates were in the original, but now they are joined together, and pose the same threat to the Coalition as Dominators. Unlike robots, in pirate space systems player can fly safety. Even if the player - the captain of the coalition forces. Become a pirate group is easy: just find any pirate base and adopt a ""special offer"". What will change? Nothing. Membership in the pirate gang has no advantages, though the hull as a present is really good (at the start of the game). But it's interesting.And. .. That's all. Yes, all new features are pirates, new text quests and new hulls. In all, this is the same Space Rangers 2. In 2013, with a good graphics and new content, but still the same. If you have never played SR/SR2, you must have. This game is worth the money. But those who have played in the second part can miss this. It'll be better to come back to the second part. The main thing is to run it on your computer. To honour of game, HD-Publishing has no problems with compability.7.0"
,Recommended,214730,7742891,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ojab,Da bestest game.
76561197970116551,Recommended,214730,13069335,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Numme,Just one more turn...
,Recommended,214730,22292811,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,.//slayer,"I still remember the day when I first heard of the Space Rangers series. It was 2002, the first chapter of the game came out just recently, and my school buddy and I spent days upon days discussing the weapon loadouts, strategies and ways to earn money. He even succeded in getting his father into it, and the old man became quite a prolific trader (unlike us, two 13-year old hotheads who saw piracy as the only valid way to play). Good old times... And ever since, in every patch, every expansion and the sequel, Space Rangers did their best to improve on the well-established formula.There isn't much to be said that hasn't been mentioned in the previous reviews already, so I'll just tell you why I love this game so much and keep playing its iterations even now, 14 years later. Space Rangers manage to be many things at once without donwgrading into mediocrity. The turn-based top-down space RPG is the ""main"" part, and there's enough diversity there already - it boggles my mind just to think of all the possible paths you can take, be it an explorer, a trader, a mercenary for hire or a nasty pirate. But there's also so much more to it than that! Arcade style combat in hyperspace, text-based quests that will make you grind your teeth trying to solve all the logical challenges, 3D real-time strategy with high-octane action and the ability to control your own individual units, turning the game into something akin to a third-person shooter... None of these constituents feel unpolished, none feel rushed or out of place. Add a good chunk of humour, magnificent music, gorgeous space sceneries and an insane variety of components, spaceships, artifacts and other neat little customization details, and you've got yourself a game that can be played forever without becoming boring.One final thing I'd like to mention is how SR2 (and all the rest of SR games, really) manages to be ""mathematically precise"", so to say. The galaxy you live in acts and develops in a very specific pattern - randomized every time, for sure, but still governed by procedural rules. I saw strategical geniuses who lured various factions of enemies into pre-determined sectors by the clever use of the in-game technology and formed a ""defensive"" belt around their inhabited systems by putting less-aggressive fleets closer to them. I looked in astonishment at how the great tactical minds of SR2 managed to free entire segments of the galaxy from aggressors while armed with nothing but a bunch of missile launchers and a small yet maneuvrable ship. I witnessed with my own eyes how experienced players figured out the procedures responsible for generating the quest rewards and comprised the ""schedules"" of the artifact rotation - something that allowed you to know exactly where to go for that particularly juicy reward when you need it.All in all, it's a great game and great concept, one of the reasons that I think so highly of the Russian gaming industry. It might be old, but it doesn't show any signs of aging, and with its high customization and astonishing variety it's a solid investment of your time and money."
76561197968014529,Recommended,214730,10247991,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,{Op4}Havoc,"Space Rangers is one of those bargain bin games that you stumble across then end up spending an unhealthy amount of time playing.It adds a lot of variation to the game with the many different types of ""minigames"" from your old school text based adventures, to RTS ground combat to turn based space combat. While the actually quality of the minigames are medicore, RTS ground combat is simple and the text based adventures can feel as if it turns into reading a novel, the ability to have have over the top adventures breaking out of prisons, searching for subs, piloting a fallin craft into orbit etc can make up for it.The game has a semi-serious with a decent amount of comedic events and references, as long as you don't require someone to tell you what to do being adventurous can allow many hours of gameplay with your selfmade goals created from the spur of the moment.3.5 out of 5 chiliwigs"
,Recommended,214730,8664256,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Africanus,"Simply put, this is the best game ever made.It tells a thoroughly entertaining story without big voice talent or ""epic"" writing. It looks pleasing to the eye even nearly a decade after its first release without making your GPU catch on fire or applying seventeen layers of bump mapping to every object. It lets you be all you can be and it never puts an invisible fence in your way. Its universe lives and breathes, not merely pretends to do so. Its gameplay manages to be complex without being complicated, intuituive without being dumbed down and have amazing variety without devolving into gimmicks. It's genuinely funny, it's endlessly replayable and it's increasingly more customizable.Space Rangers is a relic from the silver age of video games that reminds us all that the backing of a soulless juggernaut of a publisher, budgets larger than those of an average central African country and obsessive pandering to the vocal minority of the week do not make a great game. Talent and passion do. And Space Rangers, despite having been in the hands of no less than three different groups of developers, never had a shortage of either."
76561198015270260,Recommended,214730,17007704,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Asmakh,"Absolutely loved it. I didn't know what i was getting in to but 64 hours i'm just starting my second play-through. Like every space sim, SR HD involves grinding in one way or another. A fan of the genre would attest to it being part of the allure.  SNK games have managed to package up and streamline the grindy elements as well as possible and imo they've done a fantastic job.Enjoy the learning curve! If you're looking for a new space sim with varied mini games and activities then you've come to the right place.Unfortunately the RTS elements of this game could use a major polish, luckily you can opt out of them without totally ruining the experience.P.SThis is my first ever written review. First time i ever felt like leaving a review in the hopes that it would support these devs. A direct sequel would have a lot to live up to."
,Recommended,214730,1766175,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,skyf1re,Best of russian classics.Very well made and balanced continue of Space Rangers.
76561198104747111,Recommended,214730,28412208,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Tesla,"Perfect blend of space simulator, RPG, FPS, real-time strategy, turn-based strategy, text quest and so on. Now, let's take a look at separate parameters of the game.Gameplay - 10/10You can do a lot! Universe is alive and noone in this game will tell you that you are ""the world saviour-superhero-lasthope"". If you want everyone to respect you have to work hard and do a lot of good (or bad, so that everyone is afraid of you). If you  play on the difficulty above high you will need to explore all different ways to earn money for leaving. And you also have planetary battles and text quests, which is like a game within a game. There is no way to explain all of it without writing a 1000+ symbols post.Music - 9/10Nothing special here, just a really good music which matches the game perfectly. I'm giving it 9 instead of 10 just because they change end credits song in this expansion, and it is worse in my oppinion.Graphics - 6/10Let's be honest, this game doesn't look good today, and didn't look good back in a day. Some people cannot play it because of that, but in my oppinion it's not terrible. On the other hand, this game will run on a very weak PC.Price-to-hours - 8/10Price can jump from one to another, but you can easily get 100+ hours on this game, so paying something around $15 is not that bad.Story - 7/10Story itself is not that interesting, but game world in general, with all the different races and history behind that. It also links perfectly to the previos chapter of the game, which you don't have to play, but just knowing that is pretty cool.In a summary, I'll definately recommend this game to you if you are a fan of sci-fi space RPG."
,Recommended,214730,13161065,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Pelicunt,"Can't recommend it enough. It provides much more value than any other title in the same price range. (especially if it's on sale).Gameplay varies greatly:1) Fighting (Turn based space combat, arcade black hole skirmishes, RTS planetary battles)2) Trading, albeit not very complex is still pretty decent for a quick buck here and there (and can be used to advance yourself further without firing a single shot). There's also a possibility of getting into jail (quite an adventure) for peddling banned goods.3) Questing like everything else in the game is optional and mostly consists of your usual fedex/kill/escort bs, but on occasion you can get a Text Quest or two, they are very well made and add much needed variety to the stale formula.4) World feels alive for a change. NPCS are not relying on you to win (not completely anyway, though at harder difficulty things might get tricky) and can (and will) wage war on each other and dominators, succesfuly conquer systems, build bases, colonize worlds and such. You are just one of the rangers (there are many more roaming around, doing same things you do).5) Some light rpg elements are also in (though i guess it depends on what you consider to be an RPG, but w/e), xp, skills, promotions, various gear, usable limited items.Still looks good, even though its fairly old. (Planetary battles on other hand are not very pretty, but you can opt-out of them whenever you want).Don't look at my 'hours played'. I own a cd copy and clocked in a few hundred hours out over the years."
,Recommended,214730,13781932,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,YellowEyes,"Long time ahead, in the Milky way galaxy there were Rangers, Dominators, Pirates and space... Discover, fight, trade, upgrade, quest for and have pure fun.Great 2D gameplay with:2D space roaming;lots of beautifully drawn backgrounds - systems, suns, planets, asteroids, ships, personalities;no campaign, just general optional goal of fighting ""dominators"" and many side quests including the big one for pirates;the giant world that lives without you - the AI could even free all systems from dominators for itself (you will wait for looooong though); scientists deliver new equipment types, pirates/dominators/rangers free and lose star systemslots of ships with upgrade possibilities - change guns, engines, radars, etc. (you need to wait till local scientists invent new types though ;) );experience and skills;five playable races and possibility to switch for a price in game - some quests are available only for specific race;create your own fly-squad inviting other pilots;be a pirate/hero/trader/all-at-once.CHERRY ON THE PIE TOP: full 3D planetary battles where you can construct your robots from available parts, capture the resource plants and enemy bases;And last but not least. The game is full of good old text quests ofunbelievably high quality: IMHO those make the entire game so special. You will have to successfully manage mountain resort, win the speeder race, gather a band and play the rock concert, participate in the ""Tornament for office managers"", become a truck driver and carry out the spy operation - several dozens of such quests with lots of humor and joy.Do I recommend this game? Oh yes, I do.P.S. The game is originnaly in russian and text quests originate in this language - it is a great possibility for those, who want to study russian as you will have 150 % pleasure in this case (well, if not - no problem either, the translation is not so bad after all)."
,Recommended,214730,20360221,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PhenomPhear,"A short and to the point review:I can not believe this game is still recieving updates. I have the original store bought versions of Space Rangers 1 and 2, I think I got them back in 07 or 08. And the game is now in the best shape it has ever been. Regualery updated and new content shows up every so often.Its immersive and expansive and can be severely difficult if you choose it to be so. Space Rangers HD is just.... Unique. You will not find another game like this anywhere, nor, will you find one as well maintained.There are text based quests, there are RTS based missions, there artifact hunting via scannable planets and moons, theres a living enviroment that moves on its own and interacts with everything around it.Space is alive and unexpected things will happen when you leave your planet and attempt to make your way to defeat the threat of AI controlled robot race that was to destory everyone. They capture their own systems, and will wipe you out if you let them.You could just choose to ignore them too and go about your buisness trading, and pirating or whatever Hans Solo attitude suits you.If you want an immersive space themed game with lots to do and customizable ships and weapons, then get it. You won't be dissapointed."
76561198067692560,Recommended,214730,26651562,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,skipp3rUA,"When I saw the new Space Rangers HD game, immediately wanted to buy the game and evaluate innovations in relation to the old version of the game. I am a veteran of the Space Rangers serie, I played hundred hours of first and second parts of the game, so I can say that I am disappointed by this re-issue of the game.Rather than create something new in the game – the developers, frankly, went most wrong way – they made totally endless game: previously, one game took on average 30-40 hours, and most high rank of ranger warrior class I have after whipped around 300 spaceships; but now I kill 900 spaceships for the highest rank, and the game took about 80-90 hours.The only significant innovation – the emergence of a new faction – pirates. The presence of this faction – is primarily an attempt to make life easier for players, which play for pirate or corsair class.The situation with game – save the game community – thanks to it, was added a large number of different content, such as empire ship from Star Wars, or the ship ""Normandy"" from Mass Effect games; all this game community solutions make Space Rangers HD more diverse.7/10"
76561198052180759,Recommended,214730,12760595,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Jaharr,"Its is good game slight upgrage from original SR2, but the pirates makes it more dynamic and harder. You really can stay neutral for the defeat of the Dominators but you can fight with the pirates or coalition which is more dangerous enemy (normal difficulty). The game can be sometimes frustraiting to do some bidding. For example killing keller in hyperspace.+New equipment with that affects other load+New faction you can switch between factions to make game more interesting and create one more hostile faction-can be sometimes really frustraiting like hunting some♥♥♥♥♥♥-I hate the amount of missiles that the dominator uses.the planetary battles i awful i didnt done them (but you are fine without them)also the game is long one"
76561198025458891,Recommended,214730,11517416,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,kaikelx,"One may be a bit suspicious that the game advertises so many features, but it does execute them very well.First off, I recommend reading the only english speaking guide as a good primer on what settings make a good beginner game. Also, sell your starting shields (if your ship has any) because they are complete crap that takes up too much space at the beginning. Shields in this game only block percent damage, and starting shields block next to nothing. Missiles/frag cannons are very good weapons early to mid, though missiles must be manually reloaded. Finally, find a pirate base and join them for a free, VERY good ship. It doesn't matter if you don't want to go pirate, you can always go grab the ship and just fight dominaors for pirate favor/backstab them and hunt them down. Ironically the one segment of the game that is the most obviously advertised, space combat, is also the most infuriatingly obtuse to figure out without the help of a guide or google.Starting tips aside, the trading in this game is dynamic and well done. Planets each start with governments/econmies that are geared towards importing/exporting certain goods, and events such as famines, pandemics, or a change of government will occur that shake up prices. One can make a fairly good amount of money by keeping check of the news and moving large quantities of goods in a freigher. you can own multiple ships, so if you have a fancy fighter you can just park it on the planet.Speaking of which, in the lower left tab quests, assets, and any news blurbs you flagged are kept there for your future reference, making it easy to keep track of assets you store on different planets/stations, or where you were supposed to ship your cargo hold full of medical supplies.Quests are offered at government centers on each planet, and are by and large FedEx delivery missions. Asking for easier/harder missions only affects the amount you earn and the amount of time to complete the delivery. You are paid whenever you complete a delivery, making it very easy to simply FedEx you way into riches (if you have the patience)Some quests end up turning into text adventures (and are usually indicated rather obviously as not your standard delivery). Judging by the ones I've played, the text adventures are rather well done and fair. In the event of player death or failure, you are rerolled back in time to try again/give up whenever you want.The RTS segments are somewhat simplistic, with the complexity coming in purely through how you choose to build your combat units. Simplistic doesn't mean bad however, and for the most part they were rather fun. With the glaring exception of several missions that are hellishly difficult.What I find most attractive about the game is its sense of immersion. Events happen around the player, and it is up to them how to respond. The Coalition, Pirates, and Dominators will all launch attacks/defend star systems, other Space Rangers will fly around doing their thing, more Rangers will be recruited to expand/replace losses. Research into better technology will happen (and can be funded by the player), militaries will build new ships/garrison systems (can also be funded), and overall it gives of a good sense of ""Hey, you aren't the only hoshot out there getting things done"". Heck, on the easier difficulties, the Coalition (the rather obvious good guys) can very well defeat both their enemies without any player intervention. (It will be a VERY long game, with the player doing absolutely nothing in the mean time)"
76561198272293516,Recommended,214730,30048967,Posted: 19 February,all,Captain Fwiffo,"Space Rangers: A War Apart is perhaps one of the best RPGs I've ever played. It boasts fun gameplay, a sense of humor, multi-genre gameplay, procedural genearation, warring factions and an interesting story. I could type a million different things about how great this game is, but I don't thnk I'd even come close to doing it justice. If you enjoy an RPG with a story and many different playstyles, you'll enjoy this gem of an adventure."
76561198097773132,Recommended,214730,26165925,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,h3xx,cant.. stop..playing..help...
,Recommended,214730,8270662,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Spirit,"Guys, if you haven't nominated any games in the recent Steam Awards, give this game a chance at ""Game Within A Game""!Space Rangers HD has so much mini-games in the game, it's the only game worthy of this title! Inside a seemingly sandbox space RPG are Real Time Strategy planetary battle, text quests, and mini shooter game!---Several game types all packed into one great game.+ Combines several game genres including turn-based space combat / trading, text quests, and planetary RTS battles, all merged flawlessly+ Except the main component (turn-based space combat) all others are (kind of) optional+ A variety of difficulty choices: you can even customize parts of game components such as quest difficulty and enemy strength+ Customizing your ship with random loots is fun+ Ability to interact with (and even command) some NPC ships+ Lively world that would work itself out, even without your input. NPCs go about their businesses that can have as much impact to the world as the player.+ Despite the seemingly simple combat mechanic, those with a tactical mind can still gain an edge- AI could use some work, but has improved quite a bit since release- Outdated (but workable) 2D graphic- Text quests is sometimes confusing due to poor translation (even though it has been improved over the previous release)Now if further improvement to AI is implemented..."
76561198071972825,Recommended,214730,23074733,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Theki,I dream of a day when this game gets a Remaster.
76561198019466404,Recommended,214730,24496732,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,boelie-beatz,"There's no other game like this out there! Unique, fun, challenging and never gets old!Read all the positive reviews & then just buy the game!  Totally worth your moneyIf you didn't play Space Rangers 1, don't hesitate you can play this game without having to play the first part.I played Space Rangers 2 for years (and in all kinds of possible ways) and this version with new content is awesome!contains:- Awesome & hilarious text quest- RTS Battles- Real-time & Turn-based Space faring- RPG-elements: buy or loot new items for your ship or trading- Multiple classes (trader, pirate, fighter etc. etc.)- Multiple races- MUCH MORE AWESOME STUFFIMO the RTS-part isn't really worked out extremely well, but that such a small part of the game that it didn't really bothered me, but annoyed me enough to warn you about it in this review.verdict: 9/10"
,Recommended,214730,29349348,Posted: 18 January,all,tp7,Pretty much the best game ever made.
76561198056338418,Recommended,214730,22694360,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sesom,"I have played this game for years without steam, and this I can tell you:this game can keep you playing for a bit, you have many things to do, like keeping the Coalitions planets alive and modernize your ship buying new equipment and example for that you need to earn some money :D and raising the galaxies tech-lvl by defending the right planets.It is a game for casual gamers for it is easy to learn and you can easily see all weapons damge, shield strength and stuff,but is also a game for advanced players and hardcore players,here are some points that may catch your interest or dissapoint you, but will defenitly help you making your mind:Graphics and planetbattles:-complete graphic is in 2D-only planet battles are in old 3D but they are very very F.U.N. for your robots are super stupid if not controlled by player, planet battles are a kind of having fun and seek you strategy to win while you struggle with the nutty of all the robots at the battle (Dominator Robots are also stupid) (I personally love love love the planetbattles, they are awesome!)-at planet battles you have to plan your behavior very very for there are 4 kind of resources and you can easily run out of them, but there are robots to repair bases and so it won't become to hard to at least stay alive-you don't have to take planetbattles! it is additional, you will receive a lot of XP and cash and special equipment and honour for winning them-you can restart a battle if it doesn't walked well or you just see a better way of winning one-10/10 for they are awesome!Graphics and textmissions:-there are also textmission, in fact they are a lot of text!!!-most of them you don't have to take, BUT one of them you have to take, will explain later-there are always some very very nice pictures beside the text, so that you always will have at least a small idea of what is happening, and these pictures are very well made-IT IS IN ENGLISH! (or russisch if you want)-you will always have a lot of oppurtunities and you can make your own way through the mission-some missions are very very funny and all of them are charming-they will catch your mind and may bring you to smile :D-it is like a story written in a book, but you will be influencing it so so so the whole time-BUT IT IS A LOT OF TEXT, AND IT IS IN ENGLISH, very very well written and with a lot of vocabular used!!! BUT IT IS A LOT OF TEXT-there are very much textmissions that you don't have to take BUT IF YOU GOT CAPTURED AS AN CRIMINAL then you come to prison, what is in fact a textmission and this can be very very annoing if you don't want to play a textmission in this moment.-but a good point is ; ) there will be space-races, pizza-championchips, and robot-fightings, and politian-meetings and xD super-spy and save-the-nature textmissions and all of them can be realy fun, if you like to make a textmission at this moment, as I said, super cool books, written by you, and they will be rewarded like planet-battles-BUT IT IS A LOT OF ENGLISH!(10/10) for it is very well made, but this doesn't mean that it is nice to play or I recommend this pointdifficulty, tutorial, keys, GENERAL:-The difficulty, and galaxie-settings are full controlable and you can set them before your game starts, this will influence the way of playing AND the points you got for your 'ranking'/'Rangerranking' directly and you will have to start a new game if you wanna change the difficulty. There are settings like strength of enemys, difficulty of Hyperwarp-battles (is like a fast 2D-shooter and blow your mind up), intelligence of the scientist, durability of the equipment, luck of the player (wich will defenitly help you in the whole game, especialy in prison), quality of buyable equipment, difficulty of missions all in all and more, there is always a 'easy' mode a normal, hard, and very very hard,also there is a Hardcore mode for the Hardcore once of us.-There is a very good tutorial wich want to activate itself in the first dialogue after start a new game, you can skip it by saying: ""No I already know everything.""  xD-In Fact in the whole game is a lot of english text so this may won't be your game-In Fact all texts are very funny and always glitter in very well written english, so you may easily can improve your english if you got a dictionary by hand xD-the keys are well placed, but till now I didn't found that they where changeable, so I guess it is just not possible.last words:In general it is a very very fine game with many stuff to master and also easy enough for casual gamers or beginners, it may has not the future-effects of modern games, but it is charming, funny and will keep you playing for some time. especially the mix of the game, there is the standart and then the speciall-stuff (planet-battles,textmission,hyperwarp-fights) are realy working this out!And there are so many hidden Jokes and so many crazy stuff, you will see what I mean, this is realy A Game and worth of playing.I got one hidden hint for you. The pirates banner say:Vigeneré! <-hm???jrihm vhkwitb cwbmt <-hahahaUnification <-with a key symbol??xD and the hidden message is:Unificationpeace through power!And there is a lot more to dicover, awesome!"
,Recommended,214730,32273763,Posted: 8 June,all,rumtchovski,"Probably one of the best games ever created.Takes a big amount of skill, reading, strategy, luck, reflexes, and so on.Space view and space battles, planet strategy battles with robots, arcade hyperspace battles, planet economies, extremely diverse missions, allegiences, politics.Don't consider if you want anything simple. The game is a hidden gem."
,Recommended,214730,26159632,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Solaire the Streetwise,"This game is an amalgam of Ur-Quan Masters, text adventure games, space sims and RTS. The main game is a space sim: you're taking control of a space ship in a semi-turn-based 2D space environment. You can fight, trade, hire companions and do various tasks like patrolling sectors or delivering valuable goods. You can also enter black holes, which changes the game to an Ur-Quan-esque arcade shooter. Sometimes the quests you get on planets or stations are text adventures or RTS missions of varying difficulty. Some are balls-bustingly hard.Space Rangers is self-conscious, funny — hope they didn't lose their jokes in translation — and most importantly, Space Rangers is thoroughly enjoyable in every facet."
76561198012269811,Recommended,214730,13047604,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Kaya,This has to be the best turn based game i have ever played considering i have been addicted to it for the past 7  years.
,Recommended,214730,16636683,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,friendelectric,This game is the reason why I didn't have a life as a teen.10/10
76561198105951960,Recommended,214730,18911235,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Frecne,"Dude... Hey, dude!I have some great news for you! You have been chosen to enlist to an army!Oh no, don't thank me. Make a happy face - now, soldier! That were the good news. Now to the bad ones - we actually have no army left. Yep, you've heard me right. No army, no weapons, nothing. Nada. But what we do have is a whole bunch of stinking pirates raiding our planet and even a bigger bunch of crazy robots killing everyone in their sight... Hey, soldier, remember about the happy face!So, you are a ranger now. Something like you’ve seen in the old movies… What was this guy name? Oh yeah – “Walker, Texas Ranger”. Only instead of an old ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dodge you'll get a nice shiny spaceship, instead of a single gun you'll get a variety of huge deadly cannons, and instead of a few bad guys to kill you get a whole Space filled with endless enemies to destroy!There is only one thing - as I mentioned before, we kind of short on good supplies, so - here is what you get... Make a happy face, soldier! Now!!Stop crying. Call your mommy and give her the good news - that her son now is a Space Ranger!Good luck, son! And don't forget to purchase an insurance...P.S. And yeah... this game is awesome."
,Not Recommended,214730,14523124,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,jppurkis,"The main reason I am not reccomending is for two reasons. The first is that pirates and the weapons Lirecron and Esogapher are completely OVERPOWERED. After spending 60 hours in game with the best ship possible I am still UNABLE to defeat them.As things stand the only way to combat the pirate threat since you can't engage them yourself is to fund the construction of warships. In other words you need to take it upon yourself to construct the military fleets of the ENTIRE UNIVERSE since the creators of this game had the brilliant idea of creating weapons that can shut down all of your systems.You've created the best defensive ship in the game? A few hits from the lirecron will shut down your shields and negate your cladding.You've got the most offensively capable ship in the game? A few hits from the lirecron will shut down your weapons radar and scanner. You are now unable to shoot weapons.Maybe you've got the fastest hull in the game. A few hits from the lirecron will shut down your engines leaving you dead in the water for pirates to prey upon.In my current game pirates have taken over the vast majority of coalition systems and I am powerless to stop them despite having the best ship in the gameWho's IDIOT idea was it to give the pirates a weapon that negates every possible in game advantage. This is not even mentioning the Esophager which has similar negative effects.Furthermore the additional content is fairly horrible. It consists of a few more text adventures and a few more hulls. The new text adventures are needlessly opaque. I was trying to take the direction that would allow me to get rid of the pirates but ended up becoming their leader and helping them win against the coalition.Pirates are the most OP faction in existence for reasons mentioned earlier. In Space Rangers 2 reboot eventually you would be able to take out entire military fleets by yourself but the advent of the Lirecron makes that impossible.The second reason I am not reccomending this game is that the creators have nerfed all end game content. Space Rangers 2 reboot had 3 beautiful unique ships obtainable in the end game. If you enable these ships in Space Rangers HD you are unable to get achievements.Furthermore they have nerfed all end game content. Shield generators now have a maximum of around 50-55 percent whereas in Space Rangers Reboot you could have 87 percent. The default version of the game does not include the unique ships from reboot which are infinitely better than any of the new hulls.The third reason I am not reccomending this game is that all of the problems that existed in Space Rangers Reboot exist in Space Rangers HD.Repair costs are still way too high and nothing is done to negate this. With end game gear expect repairs to cost 300000 credits which is a small fortune. The only means of earning enough money in the end game to offset these costs are planetary battles which is a trial in and of itself. Every time I a planetary battle mission instead of seeing it as an opportunity to earn 10+ million credits I see it as an extreme annoyance especially since so many of the maps are poorly thought out.Good micromodules like Universe and Shell are still impossible to get leaving intact the previous crappy system of getting micromodules. Furthermore the good micromodules like Panzer and Broing have been nerfed and instead of giving 16 cladding the Space Rangers HD equivalent of the panzer now gives only 8 cladding.Good points:There are some good points to Space Rangers HD. I like the idea of weapon modifications. Also some of the new gear is decent like nanobrolite engines or upgraded shield generators.I like the new bertor dominators since dominators were ridiculously easy in space rangers reboot. Now they have adequate difficulty because of the new bertors.However in spite of some steps forward the fact that Pirates are totally game breaking is a major leap back. There are three versions of this game. Space Rangers 2, Space Rangers 2 Reboot, and Space Rangers HD. The one I would recommend is Space Rangers Reboot.Fixing this game so that it would be the best of the three is easy. Just get rid of the Lirecron and Esophager or give the player some means of defense against these weapons. As things stand pirates are way too OP. They can shut down all of your systems relatively easily and the coalition can't stand against them without regular investments in new military vessels. These issues NEED to be fixed."
76561197996063833,Recommended,214730,13283720,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,sarato934,"Fantastic.....Got this game on sale for 4.99. Knowing what I know now, I would have gladly paid $20 for this gem. Almost scary how addicting it gets. Best $5 I have spent on Steam in a long time. Totally recommended.10/10"
,Recommended,214730,24558745,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,There is no sand in my vegana,I played this as I kid and I still play it. I said everything...
76561198093865395,Recommended,214730,12992144,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jaghatai Khan,"Space Rangers HD has been a great surprise for me ever since I played this back in 2008. I've never touched a space sim in my life, and boy, did this game opened my eyes. From charting uninhabited space to getting bullied by pirates, and finally one-upping them and at last facing against the three mighty AI's bent on civilization's destruction: this game rarely disappoints and bores.And it's not just a space sim: there are text quests which are quite entertaining. The one I've really enjoyed was the bathysphere quest. There are also RTS quests, but I'd rather say it is quite underwhelming, probably the weakest aspect of the game for me. But if you enjoyed Warcraft 2 or the original CnC, you might find some enjoyment out of it.Everything in the game seems to just fit in place. A true triumph of Russian gaming. You'd be a fool not to get this game."
76561198020204523,Recommended,214730,15305894,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,TheonlyrealBeef,"Note that I have never played any of the other Space Ranger games before I played this on Steam.A truly remarkable game with many options and choices, deep and interesting mechanics and simulation with a very unique gear system. Every other coalition/pirate ship out there follows similar rules as you. Think they are being overpowered? You can do that, too! Their hull, their equipment... it is all highly varied and customizable.In short, you start out a nobody in a galaxy with tier 1-2 gear available. You run some measly errands or try to make a profit with goods until your equipment is up to par with the latest tier currently available (increases over time up to 8, one of the wonderful things of this game) after which you can start picking fights. Note that on higher difficulties progression is VERY hard, with the coalition losing ground rapidly (because all Rangers lack the experience/gear to fight Dominators effectively until around tier 5+). The few negative complaints I have seen mostly revolve around either the lack of information when starting out (read the tips at the bottom bar!) or because they cannot win alone against 5+ ships following similar rules as yourself (doh!). But the fun part is, that there is almost always more to discover, some mechanic you did not know about, some option you did not try... Just remember the game auto-saves every time you leave a planet/station, and you can load this (bottom save) when you screw up and get your ship blown up. You know, for all those times you think you can take on that wretched pirate that tries to rob you ;)Despite some minor issues with English, I'd still give this game the full 10/10.Especially since it's relatively cheap, but then you don't exactly get the latest in graphics either."
76561198065643434,Recommended,214730,31710373,Posted: 12 May,all,mado saentisuto,"To start with, I played 40 hours in this game on Steam version, however not less than thousand were played at whole.This game is kinda TBS and RPG in the same time. You have eternal amount of time to think, so if you are a slowpoke that'll be definitely a great game for you, considering amount of content and uniqueness​ of at least map with every new game. No one obligates you to do anything. You are free to help the coalition or to plunder their ships by being a pirate.You can't just be Rambo in this game, it will take a lot of time for you to get decent equipment, considering that scientists who invent it there are the same slowpokes as you! But by having decent equipment you are still pretty vulnerable, because your gear is slowly (or if the difficulty is set to 200% - quickly) breaking during a battle.The game is not only about earning money to eventually kick asses, but there's also text quests (they are plenty, and some of them takes a lot of time to complete, such as text-RPG quests) and planetary fights which are pretty original RTS, however you can't build buildings there, only robots (though it's already sufficient considering toughness of enemies).At whole it's completely possible to kill a lot of hours there. I've played 40 hours here as I mentioned but I am very far from completion. Talking about sound - soundtrack is uncommonly good too, at least for all that period of time it was never unwanted for me."
76561198056361789,Recommended,214730,8765309,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Tobi Wan,"First look at the ""new"" game Space Rangers HD: A War Apart from studio SNK-Games, which actually consists of fans of the universe ""Space Rangers"". The game became available when STEAM March 15, 2013 ..."
,Recommended,214730,7578143,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,OKK,"Endless, and endless, and endless amounts of twists and turn. The game has trading, piracy, rts, and longterm planning. And dont forget. ARCADE BATTLES!!If you are out of luck. jump in to any black hole and get new gear.Beware anyone with epilepsy. You are going to get a lot of bright flashing lights at times."
,Recommended,214730,8404279,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,4ⒽⒺⒶⒹ,"I really like space games, and this one is my favorite. You can spend here a lot of time and start re-playing it over and over again. A must have for everyone, especially if u like previous games of the series."
,Recommended,214730,16403912,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,facyber,"One of the best game ever! Playing since my very first PC (Pentium I, yep, 200Mhz)"
,Recommended,214730,24901264,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,cameron,"a ton of multi-genre games generally don't work, but this one manages to mesh everything together incredibly well.do you wanna play some text adventure games? some of them have some english mistakes, but all of them are incredibly entertaining. do your time in prison, or try to win an election.do you wanna play a land-based RTS that'll remind you of command and conquer or earth 2150? go for it.do you wanna play a top-down, 2D version of elite? knock yourself out. this is the main part of the game, and it's quite expansive as par for any open-world space game.i didn't expect this game to meld together so many things into one package, but it does it competently. go and do some space things."
,Recommended,214730,11507282,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Σίσυφος,a fun little topdown spaceship rpg with pirates and crazy aliens. made by russians. how can you go wrong?!
,Recommended,214730,11296077,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ch,"I recommend this game to Space-RPG lovers and followers of the Space Rangers SeriesThis game is a reworked version of Space Rangers 2: Rise of Dominators and i think it is well-doneNew text based quests, new rts minigame levels, new spaceship equipments, more tough pirates..."
76561198108269527,Recommended,214730,9603068,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"Space Rangers 1 and 2 are two of my favorite pc games, perhaps my favorite space-themed game. This game is an HD reboot of Space Rangers 2 with an enhanced pirate faction. It is every bit as fun as the original Space Rangers 2, just with better graphics and a more powerful pirate faction. The game is two parts turn-based tactical space combat, one part text adventure, and one part rpg with a tacked-on rts-style sidequest that occasionally pops up for good measure. Some of the quests actually require a bit of intelligent thought to solve (or else trial and error). In addition to blowing up enemy ships, interstellar trade, drug and contraband smuggling, collecting loot, and buying better ships and equipment, there are a huge variety of frequently humorous sidequests ranging from helping to destroy the last copy of the ""Windows"" virus that wreaked havoc on computers in the 20th century, managing an interstellar resort,  to actually becoming a small alien rodent.9/10"
,Recommended,214730,9403803,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,R3nko,"This is a game i played when i was younger and now it comes back, bigger and better.I really enjoy it.Its strategic and tactical, offers a wide variety of quests and missions.Altho it can get boring at some times, just reading a text quest will bring a smile to your face."
76561198012074300,Recommended,214730,8458202,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,KeepAwake,"An excellent, well developed multi-genre (like, 7 genre) game.  Has a humorous, if awkward, sense of itself.Read some reviews and watch some videos before purchasing though!"
,Recommended,214730,8490502,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,killwort,"Good game, however it didn't see much of the touch since good old first space rangers. Yet there's nice text quests, real-time point control strategy and many open possibilities in main action.Main downside is difficulty humps: almost up to the endgame its really hard to shot down anybody not saying about taking over whole system solo."
76561198020035814,Recommended,214730,29144359,Posted: 9 January,all,Fireman Handles,"Awesome game, with a decent learning curve.  I didn't play any of the previous Space Ranger games, but apparently this was an olderish game, that was remade (think GOTY edition) with a lot of added features (I think Pirate Faction is new) based on the guides I've read.I've had a ton of fun playing this game.  Its full of surprises.  There are different types of missions.  RTS (Command and Conquer / Starcraft base building) missions -- These are pretty rare.  The RTS isn't anything special, the ai is terrible, but its a fun change of pace.  Typically if you can survive the first 3-5 minutes of one of these matches, its a guaranteed victory.Courier missions, are the majority of what you do early on.  Go here with this -- and you're giving the option of how long you want to do it in.  The faster you get it there the more money you make, but you have to choose this at the get go.  If you take too long, you fail and get nothing, and you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the people/planet who you were working for.  Expect to 'save scum' a lot.There are also, assassinate missions -- These are often pretty hard solely because they usually want you to kill pirates, and unless you have massive damage / fast ship, the enemy will just fly off and land on a planet.  (I really wish there was some sort of -- land on planet with them, and convince the government to turn the person over to you, so you can kill / bring them in) -- or if you are supposed to go kill someone, and they are in jail.  You have to pay to bail them out of jail, then they fly off scott free, then you have to chase them down to try and kill them.  Kinda dumb.  Really missed an opportunity there.  -- Let me pay a little extra... maybe under the table... and this guy will just disappear, ya know?Escort / System Defense. -- Make sure this guy doesn't die for x number of turns, or make sure no ships (merchant etc) get destroyed by pirates for x number of turns.  These are the most boring imo, at least with courier missions you can stop at planets along the way and make some money.All in all, its a great older gen game, with surprising a lot to offer.PS -- Good luck finding an updated 'guide' to this game that's not in Russian though.This is the closest thing I've found, and its missing a ton of stuff.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=253596035"
,Recommended,214730,13481343,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Steven,"This game is actually among one of my favorites of all time. I have countless hours logged on Reboot (the pre-HD version) and even now greatly enjoy the game. There's a lot to do, some of the text adventures are fantastic (and so are the occasional odd translations!) and there infinite possibilities.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,214730,32512529,Posted: 17 June,all,Robear,"This is the game that tried to be everything to everyone, and succeeded in spades. The RTS, arcade, and text game alone wouldn't solicit accolades, but they're just enough to keep the game from becoming mundane so you can play for hours and hours. There's also SO MUCH CONTENT that every playthrough is a unique and fresh experience. It's a lot of fun without being punishingly difficult."
76561198045390393,Recommended,214730,14314282,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,SpaceMariner,"Thats a great game like space Mount & Blade just text quest hard requesting knowledge and intelligent but there is a lot of think to do you could be a president too if your relation perfect with a world you can join the president chooses. But thats really hard you have to complete its text quest.There is a lot of different quests e.g. Kill Follows, Command Fleets, Help Worlds, Chooses, (Factions(Pirates vs Rangers)) vs Dominators, Jails and Jail escape texts, find lost archaeologist, building military bases or medical centers, get followers and there is a more thing to do with your chooses.It is worth each price to buy designers have a lot of experience about this game such as Space Rangers 1, Space Rangers 2 and thats last of them but I wish there is more!"
,Recommended,214730,26904695,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zee 4R,"This game is fantastic. A masterpiece. The replayability is infinite, gameplay possibilities are endless. Also, the developers are extremely cool guys, thank you very much!"
,Recommended,214730,11178650,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,3735943886,Still fun to play like it was 10 years ago. I love it.
,Recommended,214730,15864226,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Not a trashtalker,The only Space SIM Type of Game I ever loved to play. No Space games have lived up to this game yet in my opinion. 10/10 should play this
,Recommended,214730,26824781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Next Decade,"Others have said this better than I did. But I still have to review this game. This series of games is my favourite series in history of gaming. I return to play one of the games in it almost every year, or at the very least every two years. And I still find new things in them. I still find them as fresh as before. This series of games is timeless, and will forever be the best game of my life. And I hope that you can enjoy it too, because even though this HD remake is a little bit stale, it's still a part of the best series in gaming history for me."
76561198030350013,Recommended,214730,11440219,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,scottlitwai,"Great game to spend a lot of time in.  Intricate plot, nasty puzzles, space and planetary battles.  RTS and RPG elements.  Just needs a tetris/puzzle quest element to be the perfect game"
,Recommended,214730,11059008,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Necrocat,Best space game I EVER played! It's had my childhood. :)
,Recommended,214730,12020134,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,CosmicHobo,"My favorite space rpg game. Hands down. Compared to the original SR2 and the expansion Reboot, there are a few issues for me. The translation seems a little wonky in some parts. Nothing that will stop you from understanding the point, but enough to know that its definitely silly. Also if I turn on autosave for anything the turn it auto saves is really stuttery. This wasn't a problem I had in the original SR2. Alll in all the new content and updates make it worth it in my book. I've already logged more hours than I meant to and that should speak to the quality of this game. I love it just as much as the game it was remastered from."
76561198109820992,Recommended,214730,8300716,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,msecco,I played this game several years ago and I was positively impressed already back then by its variety and different types of things that could be done. Unfortunately my English knowledge did not allow me to enjoy and play the game at the time.Now things are changed and I am really enjoying the HD version of this game (which works on Windows 8). I am often loosing track of time while playing it :).
76561198079549572,Recommended,214730,8416970,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,{CG}Pepsiattic,"Great game. It mixes, Sifi, Adventure, FPS, RTS, TextBased, Turn Based, and Management. It seems like that combo would never work but they make it and its great. I really think you should get this game its great at any price10/10"
,Recommended,214730,15819291,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Zagz,"1C - First, I'm the first to say that many of their titles are ambitious and most fall short. Most of 1C games lacks polish or efforts to just make it right. All great ideas, very poor execution or QA to some extent. However, Space Rangers HD is a gem out of the failed attempts. It's really good and when it drops on specials like ""right now"" it is completely worth it. The game is hard and you'll get into situations where it's basically game over, nothing you can do... Still, when you do get through these hard challenges, it is satisfying. This game does not forgive and in my case forget ""SCREW YOU RANGER BANDAK!!!!"" - This dude keeps popping up trying to kill me... :(Anyway, a great space RPG that completely kicks the butt of anything recent."
,Recommended,214730,14991434,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Honest Cat,"I've been playing Space Rangers for many years - i even remember playing its first part in school. Looking from the retrospect i can say that Space Rangers 2 made a great progress. A lot of new things were added, at least new equipment, battles on planets, an ability to choose any of the game's text quests for re-passing, the coalition of pirates and even an ability to choose any side of the opposition. Its graphics is simple, but well designed, so it looks very nice. Your eyes will have a rest while looking at it. I liked its musiс set very much too, and it doesn't differ from the 1st part very much - i've noticed just some changes in tone and that's all. But it doesn't mean that some new pieces of music were not added. I should mention its manner of text presentation. While reading just try to stay calm, because the texts are composed in a humorous way. When i was trying to play its text quests for the first time, my sister wondered what had happened and i asked her to come. We, two adults, were laughing as children. The humor is really Russian, but this humor is simple and it will make you happy. The only thing which makes me melancholy is the critics' rate of this game, though it has a lot of positive recalls, given by the players - much more than some modern ""best sellers of the game industry"". Do you need a game, which will make think how to earn your living? Do you like space? Do you want to have a good time? Don't be afraid to buy this game.10 stools out of 10"
,Recommended,214730,15809007,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Fye,"Excellent game, warts and all.  My only real complaint are about the text quests, some of which are capriciously random (I'm looking at you, fishing quest!).  The rest of the game is quite fun, so long as you keep in mind that the universe is not a nice place and if you♥♥♥♥♥♥off certain factions it has a noticeable impact on galactic events.Edit: The game also has the npcs keep up with your tech level, so if you upgrade several pieces of gear, expect the npcs to gain better shields or weapons (in my case, it typically shields, which made chasing pirates a chore)."
,Recommended,214730,7413030,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Devistater,"I love Space Rangers 2. You can be a pirate, a trader, a bounty hunter, its wide open. And it doesn't matter what your starting stuff is, you can still be anything.  As you get more advanced, the search feature in this game becomes very useful, you can search out rare equip, or prices on goods, etc. This is a redone version with added content, added equipment, quests, etc. It also has added graphical features, and more. NOTE! Seriously, the RTS part of this game just plain sucks. Which is why they allow you to skip it. I believe all RTS elements in the game are skippable, or you can decline the missions with them. You will hate the game if you play the RTS part. Thats NOT what this game is about. Try a single RTS mission if you want to see, but don't judge this game from the RTS part.Great game overall. If you still aren't sure, watch a youtube of some actual gameplay."
,Recommended,214730,8239546,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kurotsubaki,I have always loved playing Space Rangers 2 Reboot for quite a long time... The new one has new features that one can enjoy for quite some time... I just hope that there will be more new things to add to the game...
,Recommended,214730,10883677,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LLA Don Zombie,"Space Rangers is one of those games that over the last 7-8 years of knowing about it, that I can always go back to and enjoy. In my opinion it is the absolute best sandbox space sim that's ever been made. To enjoy it you have to be able to create your own adventures because there is no structured plot. It's all emergent in play."
,Recommended,214730,8402305,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Niahak,"Space Rangers combines a unique set of games - to the point where you can't actually call it a Turn-based strategy game, Real-time strategy game, adventure, action, simulation... in the vein of much older games like Sid Meier's Pirates!, it has a core game that is turn-based strategy with a half-dozen smaller games included.  Players can choose multiple violent paths to fame and fortune, or even track and predict market variability in an effort to make money through trading.The whole is even greater than the sum of its parts, and the remake introduced a third faction and an improved translation to the mix.  Highly recommended!"
76561198058699167,Recommended,214730,19261376,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"Quick SummaryA Space exploration, action, RTS, Text-adventure filled space adventure. The only REALLY GOOD Space game that 1c has ever put on steam.The SummaryYou know... OUT of ALL the 1c games I bought from their space fi bundle... This made it worth it. The universe revolving around you... watching as a reaper like menace is taking over your galaxy, the universe has about a million npcs floating and moving about, conducting trade, business, pirating, looting, and fighting. You can be really what ever you want. Want to be a fearsome pirate? Be one. Want to be a heavility protected Transport? Be one. Want to be a science ship looking for life in the galaxy? You can do that♥♥♥♥♥♥too... ! The game's multiple civilizations have their own personalities for each planet, and conduct their own research against this alien invasion from another galaxy (Sort of like mass effect, again) and you or well, everyone else in the galaxy must unify to stop this threat. (Once again, like mass effect) You of course, don't have to actually help, and watch your galaxy eithier being dominated, or liberated.PROS:Galaxy feels alive, simulated economy, faction wars, new research always being discovered and generated, every ship in the galaxy has it's own task, and personality. +++History is always being recorded! Watch as the galaxy news, or just NPC's converse about the recent events in either the local area, or how the Reaper menace's situation is currently going. Hear about the lastest news that the Galaxies biggest fleet was just annihiliated in an attempt to push back the aliens forces! +Your not Commander Sheperd! Your just another speck floating around in space! Will you be a soldier aiding against this reaper menace? Or watch the galaxy slowly be consumed? It's your choice. +Exploration is kind of fun, does feel a little dull... +Multiple random text adventure games brought through quests, like going to prison. ++RTS mode, though a little basic, it's still lots of fun! ++Neutral:Soundtrack is pretty generic..?CONS:Ugh, Ship combat. ---Trade Grinding, though optional, can quickly make the game too easy. -Would've liked to have seen some voice acting, so I don't have to read walls of text each time I conduct trade, get missions, conduct research, etc. --Conclusion?8/10. One of my most favorite Space Sims.Space Rangers HD is a well-done Space Trading, pirating, researching, president running, planetary RTS, prison shanking, reaper menace filled game that is full of potential, and has been getting updates occassionally. (Hopefully this continues! I love the new updates Devs! Keep it up!)"
,Recommended,214730,30336469,Posted: 5 March,all,fandrfa,"Space Rangers is on of the best games ever made.It contains a huge universe, with dozens sectors and planets, five playable races and A lot of content.You can becoma a pirate and start extorting money from traders. The more bad reputation you have the more actively government forces will try to stop you.You can join government forces and start helping their forces with attacking pirates and Dominators, a hostile race and main antogonist in the game.You can become a trader and try to get some money buying and selling goods.You can form your own crew, modify your ship, take credits in banks, use drugs to improve your fighting abilities, buy new weapons for you ship and many other things.This is an absolutely must have game for anybody who loves open-world games or space games."
,Recommended,214730,13834176,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ZFX,I will be short. Best ever game. For hard gamers!
76561198021355072,Recommended,214730,14637003,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,milneohio,"Have all of the to date iterations of Space Rangers 2; HD, Reboot, and Rise of the Dominators.   They all have varying tweaks/differences  that make them worth playing, especially if you  get 'em on sale.  Thank goodness for developers with OCD.  Don't care that much for the planetary battles so I avoid them after the first (requirement for recruit training and nets easy early experience/cash).   This relatively inexpensive series is definitely a keeper.   Gotta give it a strong 84/100, imho."
,Recommended,214730,13420229,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[ReaperOfSouls] MegaKiller318,"I remember playing the original Space Rangers 2 and how fun it was. Now that it's been updated with new missions, hulls, weapons, other equipment, enemies, and more, it adds the possibility of countless hours of gameplay while not being stuck doing the exact same thing! I love it!"
,Recommended,214730,7486077,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Peteris,"Best russian game. And, probably, best space simulator EVER!!!"
,Recommended,214730,21732771,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Drjeebus,"Amazing game. i remember finding this game in a store back in like '05 when i was a kid and thinking the cover looked cool.  I...played...the SHIII out of this game, hours and hours non-stop play, so addicting. over the years, moving, i lost my disks and forgot about the game. Im 25 now and you can imagine how estatic i was when i found it on here, and on sale.  i put about 13hrs on it in like 2-3 days.So many new features but still the amazing classic game i remeber. its so in-depth, a great space RPG with open world feel. Different story everytime and soooooo many different paths you can take.  Challenging, really amkes you think and plan moves, cant bull through like most modern games.  Wont be for everyone but those that enjoy a slower paced RPG stratagy game will be absolutly addicted!"
76561198027435254,Recommended,214730,14522315,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Murder_Punch,Buy this absolutely - sale or no.This game is a lot of blind fun - once you get the hang of the balance of things. I recommend not attacking anything before you have a hull with a min. of all free weapon slots and 955+ Hull.You will know what I mean once you play a bit.
,Recommended,214730,14500156,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Sempris,Epic game of my childhood :)Everyone who likes TBS games should try it!
76561197997122323,Recommended,214730,15128372,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tadziomencel,"Do you know what's best in this game? It does not stick to only one genre. Depending on your playstyle it can be a space RPG with well developed millitary, pirate and trader playstyles, partly an arcade game, an RTS, a text adventure with plenty of variations and more. And all those aspects are at least decent. I'd give it at least 9/10."
,Recommended,214730,14375727,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SU in GW2,The fo**ing best Space Simulator! After patch it became ultimatly awesome!!!
,Recommended,214730,2669965,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Nicolas,Greatest game of all time!
,Recommended,214730,7429253,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Drumbilical,"Definitely the best Space Exploration RPG's I've ever played. The persistent world feels real, and you feel as if you are just one guy in a big expanse. The game leaves just enough to your imagination to create a world that's completely immersive."
,Recommended,214730,7415450,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Scrove,"A game with a living galaxy that’s full of warring factions, missions, and trade routes. Like any good space game, you can choose to be part of the world, weaving an empire within the turbulent AI sandbox, or you can focus on the story and the fight against the Dominators. It has turn-based space battles, planetside RTS sections, and text adventures hanging off the main space adventures. It is a rather grand game."
,Recommended,214730,7492856,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,DumbCreature CSGO-SKINS.COM,"unique gameLike old school Fallout, but in space"
76561197990495541,Recommended,214730,7802691,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SobeR999,"I played both SR 1 and 2, and this great game just gets better with this expansion. For me this is The Best RPG game which gives you complete freedom of how you want to play it. You can be a warrior, merchant, pirate or something else that suits your stile. Also game is completely random, universe is different each time you start a new game and each playthrough is completely different, it never gets boring. Choose your skills, choose your ship and equipement, choose your friends and enemies and enjoy this GREAT game !!!"
76561198064886018,Recommended,214730,6373263,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Highstaker,"This is a slightly upgraded version of a legendary game. One of my favorite games of all times. The only disadvantages I heard of are its high difficulty (that can be true, that's the cost of freedom you get in game) and bad English translation (dunno, I play original Russian version, lol). Maybe the graphics are outdated, but that doesn't spoil the incredible gameplay. I say it like this: RPG is one of my least favorite genres, but this is a totally different case. 9.5/10"
76561198025625270,Recommended,214730,9502676,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,xterminal86,"I played in the first game, back in 2004 or something, and, being an admirer of this short series, I can only give 10/10 here. Second game improved everything that was in the first one."
,Recommended,214730,32047948,Posted: 29 May,all,and Nico,"Doing 200% right now, so much hurt. But I know how satisfying it would be in the end. It's nice too feel it in every aspect of the game, you can spend a couple of hours doing text quest and result of it will make almost zero impact on the game.Also, you can beat this game without planetery battles at all."
,Recommended,214730,14138751,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,raixel,"When I was young, there was a mouse-driven space game called Escape Velocity. That game and its sequels was awesome and I poured hours into it.Space Rangers is like a modern, even more awesome (if possible) take on EV. It is hands down the coolest top-down space game Ive ever played. There is something for all sci-fi lovers. Trading, fights, arcade sequences, RTS, combat, story, dynamic worlds and planetary movement (youd be surprised how many top down space games have stationary planets). Everything. I haven't played the originals, so I cant compare the two. The only thing I dont like is that the Pirate faction seems kind of OP, but you can turn their aggression down iin the fully-customizable difficulty and game-play menu. That is an awesome feature, being able to control nearly every aspect of the gameworld -  alien behavior, planets (types, how many) enemy faction behavior, trading behavior and so forth.I love in-cockpit space games too, but theres just something fun about the top driven ones. And this game is the king of the top-down space games!"
76561198019597917,Recommended,214730,28888896,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,John Don McGee,"It's a good game so far. Just starting out I found it to be extremely difficult but after figuring out the mechanics of the game it began to become a bit easier. Mid game I realized the game got way too difficult again due to the raging factions trying to take over space. I like the equipment system as everything is randomized from merchant to merchants and they have a search system to help you find what you want. This gae has a lot of depth to it if you are able to play through it. Currently I transfered over to the pirate organization which changed things for somewhat the worse so I will have to start over again. I would like to change the organization mechanics as it is a bit confusing as to who is a pirate and who is a ranger as the ship names change and ships are labeled rangers when really they are a pirate. The trading system is fine, pretty basic but it works. The game has three other ""mini-games;"" the planetary battles battles are pretty basic where you equip robots like a mech warror load out and move the robots taking capture points. Personally theres not much to think about when playing it. There are text based games which are pretty fun but the problem is that they are pretty streamlined and if you fail you can always restart and do the same thing. The last is an arcade type game where you fly around shooting ships in a seizure like background, I never got to figuring out how to play it. So far I havn't gotten too far into the story or close to succeeding at the game. I would say that if you are to buy this game is due to the space battles in turn-based mode. It is innovating at the start but it could have been even more."
76561198064388679,Recommended,214730,27279874,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZenZone1,"TL;DRGrand little gem.Detailed reviewAlthough i did not play this Steam version much, i completed SR1 & SR2 disc version a few times. This is like Freelancer except it's 2D turn based space combat and 3D ground RTS which is optional to the completion of the game. What it does better than Freelancer is everything else except cinematic story and real-time 3D combat. Do not scoff at 2D space combat. At first i thought this would be average arcade shooter, it's much more than that.ProsShip upgrades and customizations based on playstyle or preferred weaponsRoleplay as trader, mercenary, military or pirate and switch between them based on number of actions taken in each roleAssign skill points based on preferred playstyle as you level-upNPC ships and alien races remember who you are and what you did and their disposition towards you depends on your reputation with themAlien bases have their own unique thematic musicSpace combat can be detailed turn based or auto resolved with pause at any timeMany savegame slots; mistakes can easily be rectifiedRTS component is base building, resource control, unit configuration and tactics. Not my favourite genre. Fortunately it's not essential to game progression.Competition for loot with other AI ships is both fun and funnyCommunication with NPC ships for trade or temporary alliance.Trade, fight, take various missions ranging from bounty hunting to text adventures to IQ puzzles. Text adventures and IQ puzzles are amazingly fun and doesn't stress the computer too much.Did i mentioned IQ puzzles?Cool weapons and effectsNice ship designs and animationsFaction reputation determines whether NPC ships like traders, military and pirates will help you or attack you.Dynamic economy affected by movement of trade goods and planetary conditionsRanking system based on contributions to the Space Ranger cause and personal achievements. Cool titles upon reaching higher ranks in the various factions; trader, mercenary, military and pirate. Your rank determine who you can hire as wingmen.ConsNot real-time 3D space combat so a bit lacking in urgency except in the RTS component and timed missions."
76561198095936792,Recommended,214730,16373327,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,,"I would rank this game absolute number 1 among all the games I played.If you like RPG, RTS, arcades or turn-based games and never tried a mixture of all of them, then you must play this one.This game offers everything is small portions, so if you don't like a part of it, your impression of the entire game will not be spoiled. If you hate RTS or text quests, it is entirely possible to skip all missions that offer those. If you don't like turn-based fighting, then choose a peaceful path of a trader. Alternatively, if you are down to kick some butt, just bully all pirates on your way and destroy dominators. There are countless ways to play the game and I bet anybody will find a way to enjoy it.This is the only game that got me hooked into its immersive, well thought-out  and filled with humour world.I spent countless hours (possibly 100s) playing the 1st and 2nd part of this series, and I can say that Space Rangers HD is just more balanced among both with better graphics, alternative ending and more weapons. Devs really spend a lot of time working on balance fixes and minor bugs here and there (check patch history).Overall well polished and diverse game.10/10 buy with confidence"
76561197998336518,Recommended,214730,23027611,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Scon,Made withloveund keep up to date withlove! And thismonthsyearsafter release!Thx for this great product and support :)
76561198092665992,Recommended,214730,13134072,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jix,Even better than the original!
,Recommended,214730,2180831,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,AzurA Ninjaga,Great reincarnation of the old game.The truth behind the price could add more content than just improve the graphics.8/10 HD version10/10 Old Version
,Recommended,214730,7846460,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Lorak,"This game is awesome, and doesn't afraid of anything."
76561198039515085,Recommended,214730,10023115,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Caseycc,"Another steam chat paste:space rangers is a really fun game where you can be anything from a corsair pillaging trade to a pirate in the union taking over planets to a space ranger fighting off pirates and the dominators that are taking over the galaxy to a trader that finances the war to a leader of other rangers into battlethe planets also offer missions that you can take such as transport, kill X ship, protect a system for a time, text/click based adventures filled with puzzles and some (somewhat annoying) rts battles, all completly option"
,Recommended,214730,11525544,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Lion,"I love this  for planetary battles only other things sucks, I play only the RTS element of it which you can choose directly from main menu page"
,Recommended,214730,16516187,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,phuphu,"Very hard game, Very fun, Very long quests, Mission a lot and One of the best games from 2000s."
,Recommended,214730,26197289,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Shojun94,"Unbelievably fun game! Simple in design yet extremely complex in depth and storyline! Infinite replayability.The way this game mixes up genres is amazing: turn based strategy, rpg, sandbox eploration, rts, text adv, etcDecent enough graphics, good sfx, great storyline and the ONLY turn based game I like!"
76561197987798780,Recommended,214730,12334519,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,,The game of my childhood and youth never gets old. So funny and so deep at the same time.
76561198107340101,Recommended,214730,8863918,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,,Great game I hope the company decides to make a new sequel with a completely new storyline instead of another remake.
76561198058601697,Recommended,214730,28065763,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Malark,"Space Rangers HD: A War Apart is a refreshed version game, which has been expanded by adding new faction, missions, maps, ships and equipments. Game is a combination of many types: space simulators, strategy, arcade, text adventure and cRPG.Fighting in space, planetary battles, skirmishes arcade, missions text, skills development, modification of equipment and much more. Good graphics, interesting, sometimes funny, complex and absorbing for many hours. The randomness of events makes that every time the game is a little different. It all makes the game that is worthy of attention."
,Recommended,214730,15294932,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Telarius,"This is a sci-fi game that is very difficult to categorize as it contains a little bit of everything from turn-based space battles to RTS battles planetside.  Not only that, but it also contains arcade-style battles and even text-based adventures.  This game offers a bit of everything.  Considering the price, sci-fi space fans should find at least something to enjoy about this game.Though I have never played the original, this game has really captured my interest and I recommend it to others who enjoy games of this genre.  My only disappointment so far has been the lack of manual zoom during space flight and the tutorial could stand to be a bit more interactive/useful.  The controls are not necessarily intuitive, but not overly complex.Despite those few negative aspects, I have really enjoyed the game so far and recommend it to others.  Price-wise I would certainly say one could not go wrong!"
,Recommended,214730,8202798,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rising of Zero,It's a really fantastic game about space!12 Rangers of 10
,Recommended,214730,7639715,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Straith,"This game is a combination of many games.  It has an RPG element.  It has a choose your own adventure game.  Heck, it even has an RTS game.  Most anything I could think to do in a space sim you can do in this game."
76561197964939117,Recommended,214730,13176780,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Harsi,"This is very good game, and cheap. I have played it hours in short time, and i still have lot to discover, but i liked most the space battles, and that thing they could be played slowly if you wanted game lets you give new orders after each ""round"" of combat. Really a big positive surprise this game was....."
76561198014899488,Recommended,214730,13661223,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Champin Playr,Highly recommend!
76561197961774857,Recommended,214730,13831532,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,pitch,"Lots of choice and a fun UI.  Star Trek atmosphere when plotting hyperjumps, targeting weapons, and scanning planets.Optional Minigame Types youll run into-RTS-Text adventure-And more"
76561198103547493,Recommended,214730,14944552,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,martinpet,One of the best games you will ever play!I played it as a child and it is still worth it!
,Recommended,214730,13447679,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Пыня,"Great game, wish there was a way to disable the ♥♥♥♥ing pirates though and make it more like SR2:Reloaded."
,Recommended,214730,13501836,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ameyaali,"a nearly perfect space adventure game. it's too good that i can't describe it here. basically u be a pilot and blah blah blah. however, i'd be soooooo happy if there's a MMO game like this one, or rather make this one's multiplayer game."
76561198026920667,Recommended,214730,13575202,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,raz334,"Don't let the Graphics FOOL you, because if you do, you really will be a FOOL.For passing up this once in a lifetime, first of its kind game that sets new boundries on how many different types of games a single game can be and still be awesome.You can expect quality with this game, in fact for those looking at the graphics and thinking it's a small game, Psych they fooled you ! This game is many Gigabytes, because it is the worth of many Games rolled into one, and none of them are skimped for quality.Furthermore your performance in any of the games directly impacts the other games and can even result in ....Death.... consider that a warning, don't think you can die in the ""mini games"" because they arn't ""mini games"" they are all integrated into the ""Main Game"""
,Recommended,214730,14167045,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ReflKnight,"This game never gets old. It's super adictive and a lot of fun! Sure, once you play non stop, it may get boring, so you step away from it for a while. A few days, weeks, perhaps even a month or more. This is normal to many if not all games.However, once you decide to turn on this game again, you get sucked into cozy open-world Universe and can't stop playing for hours if not days, weeks, months.Clever A.I., great writing, interesting gameplay, and the best part is, you play the game you want. There's nothing holding your hand and pushing you to finish it. You really do feel like a small person in it, and not some Superman who can take a lot of hits and never die. However, you also have the ability to make all the difference if you try. You may fail again and again and again, but that one small victory is going to stay with you and push you to try again and again and again.Personally from me, I found a wingman for my self by accident. It all started when I just wanted to test something out and realizing that it didn't worked out, I thought about going solo again. The best part is, it's been nearly 20 in game years and we still fly together. Not because it's easier for me or because I get an advantage in anything from my wingman. In fact, sometimes it's even harder to fight battles because I don't want to lose her. But the feeling of sharing victories together is what makes us fly together!This game may not be for everyone, but if you have some extra cash, give this game a chance. Who knows, maybe you'll find your wingman that you'll never want to split with."
76561198009955922,Recommended,214730,14589661,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dylonikus,"Very different, One of the better sandbox games. Top 50 for RPGs. Worth a shot for sure."
76561198083003792,Recommended,214730,14602366,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wind.oleg,"Feel the freedom of the 2D space, but beware: it's very addictive. Seriously, this game is just a masterpiece.Flexible, entertaining, and easy to play (in contrast to simulators as X or EVE)If you still consider ""space games"" to be boring and more like an Excel simulator, than games, well, try that one."
,Recommended,214730,13674961,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sigør Bjørnhárðt,"Old but gold, they said. They were right. One of the - sadly - few insanely good pieces out of russian production."
76561198027813434,Recommended,214730,15795991,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ksiturbo,One of my favorite games of all time.
76561198007582235,Recommended,214730,13195513,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Piri & Firi ♥,"A great game, I played it just came out, but this version is amazing in HD, many bugfixes, many improvements, to own a classic, fun and highly recommended! If you love the space, pirates, experience, evolution, space ships, upgrades, and good and bad aliens with whom to socialize or fight, an engaging storyline, if you love the glory climb up to the high ranks of the best of rangers 'universe, buy it!Ita:un gran gioco (solo in lingua inglese), lo giocai appena uscito, ma questa versione in HD è stupefacente, tanti i bugfix, tanti i miglioramenti, un classico da possedere, consigliatissimo e divertentissimo! Se amate lo spazio, i pirati, l'esperienza, l'evoluzione, le astronavi, gli upgrade e gli alieni buoni e cattivi con cui socializzare o combattere, una trama avvincente, se amate scalare la gloria fino agli alti ranghi dei miglior rangers dell'universo, COMPRATELO!"
76561198126939378,Recommended,214730,15552997,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"a more polished FTL.careful, it keeps you hooked for hours at a time."
,Recommended,214730,24961074,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sanctus-Susanin,"Disclaimer: this review is full of sarcasm and irony. Just as always.Score out of 10:Graphics: 8.0, this is not photo-realistic FPS, but everything is nice and polished. Created professionally and with much care to game style.Game engine: 8.5, if I recall correctly game was written on Delphi or some other from Pascal family. This alone is a huge sign of how cool original developers were. Also game runs smoothly, it features thousands (ok little bit less but still) different sub-systems, like planetary RTS combat, space arcade combat, text-based RPG, trade, open world, proper AI simulation of life and even some form of base management. Seriously, according to ""Gameworld Navigator"" journal it's METAgame.Game mechanics: 10.0, look above. The amout of game mechanics and quality of implementation are superior. Never seen something more sophisticated yet so simple to play. Replay-ability is so-so, but you can finish it 3-4 times at least before it becomes boring. Game designer should take his place in the Hall of Fame for computer games.Game addiction: 8.1, game is pretty entertaining, but has many differnt phases or sub-games, so you can actually quit it after, for example, exhausting planetary combat. Which was never the case in games like Civilization, when you continously click ""Next turn"" button for whole night. Would not say it's bad, though.Gameplay: 9.6, i recommended this game to majority my friends and none of them said a bad word about the game (nor me). It feels and plays smoothly. The 0.4 deducted points are because lots of its charm is lost due to translation. Original russian version is full of fun and funny things that hardly could be translated.TOTAL: 8.85TL,DR buy it. It may be old, strangle looking, weirdly promoted and unknown to most of you, but those who played it became her fans. Do not listen to me, look at this stats:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorRECENT: Overwhelmingly Positive (123 reviews)OVERALL: Very Positive (1,766 reviews)You don't need my review to tell you this game deserves its 15$.Best regards,Space Cadet Lyakusha Pyenchekryak-42.P.S.Do not look on my Steam in-game timer. I played it (SR1, SR2) years before release on Steam and I know what I'm talking about."
,Recommended,214730,26168338,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,frostanon,"Its a remake of a remake of 2004's russian game , top down, turn based space'em up with text adventures, puzzles, a 3d rts(at which I still suck), pirating, looting, trading, joining the military, fighting off three alien robotic invader species type game with a universe that really feel alive."
,Recommended,214730,9866445,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,EG Lord Stitch,Great game for those that love space games and loved the previous Space ranger Games
,Recommended,214730,8765385,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Vinogrady,RPG/TBS/RTS/QUESTHD remake of one of the best space sims ever made imo
76561198014533520,Recommended,214730,28863869,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,stijnelijn,"Do not let the name fool you, this is not some power rangers sort of kid game.It is a deep free-roaming 2d space battling game.It has turns which go into continues mode seamlessly, kinda baldurs gate style.It features weapons with (kinda) random stats, so you will be looking around the markets for that nice version you wanted.It features a war on 3 sides map which which is not faking who is winning or losing, it is actually happening.Furthermore about the not faking, nearly all spaceships in the game are not faking either, they are doing their thing wether you are around or not. (they do get their equipment a little different then you, i forgive the programmer)The text quest are sadly not as nice as the first space ranger version. You might like em tough.The robot battles are a funny distraction from the actual game. Seems to me like a failed side project which was added for free.The wormhole battles are kinda pointless, but at least dont last long.All 3 side games can pretty much be ignored without concequences. Which is a good thing."
76561198017534950,Recommended,214730,20803835,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Heretic,"Metascore is not an accurate representation for this game. It has a lot to offer and many different types of gameplay during the various aspects of being a SpaceRanger. I have yet to play any game that has the same amount of variation in gameplay available(from oldschool text quests, arcade minigames, trade, space combat, piracy, merchant, quester, mercenary etc.) Good buy and well worth the price."
,Recommended,214730,21412508,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Llyagushen,Super awesome. Still gets occasional updates! Can you believe that!?
76561198005078790,Recommended,214730,15293888,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Dave93c,good game nuf sed.
76561198089447506,Recommended,214730,23848984,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SolidSnake,"Great game with epic music , turn based battles in space, RTS mech battles and text quest it has everything a good game should have.If you did play the Reboot and Rise of dominators version of this game you wont be dissapointed in the new content."
,Recommended,214730,24545697,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Birian,"This is from a new user, the game looks ok, command and options are ok but limitrd. I run it on Windows 10 and it refuses to play ball when I switch screen....I.E  through Task Manager or Alt Tab. so overall 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,214730,27022717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Astreas,"It's still one of the best multi-genre games. And it's just become the Legend with full HD support and all those gameplay improvements. 10/10, will savepirates from coalitiongalaxy again."
,Recommended,214730,30949765,Posted: 4 April,all,LordBlade,"Definitely one of my favourite games to lose endless hours to.The game combines many different genres into one seamless package. You have a great mix of strategy (turn based and real time), role-playing, trading, text adventure and open world exploration. The story is simple but well presented. You can dive into it with ease, or just ignore it and go explore the galaxy, coming back at your leisure.As you play you'll earn XP to level up your pilot, allowing you to improve various skills. These affect your combat abilities, trade prices and other such things.The main gameplay element is a turn based, top down, strategy mode, where you're flying your ship across the stars, visiting various systems, planets and space stations. It's very well balanced, with a huge assortment of equipment that you can deck your ship out in. Each ship has a varied number of slots for different equipment, along with a max amount of cargo and gear your can carry. Picking the best ship your play style, be it heroic Ranger, trader or pirate, is important. As is knowing what targets to go after and when it's best to just run away.There are also wormholes you can dive into, which will take you to random places in the galaxy. However inside a wormhole you have to face various enemies in an action heavy top down shooter style of play, where all your weapons have their own firing styles.But just flying around in space (as awesome as it is) isn't all the game has to offer. Going to various planets will let you take missions for the different factions. You can have simple trade missions (or just focus on trading freelance to make money), you can escort others or be asked to take someone out, you can also be sent to take on the Dominators, an evil robotic foe made up of three unique factions. There's also ground missions where you will play out real-time strategy missions, constructing your own robotic armies to repel the Dominators.And there's my personal favourite, the text adventures. Many missions presented will give you missions that play out in a classical text adventure style. You're presented with various scenarios and have lots of options on how to proceed. These missions vary vastly, from hover bike races, to testing experimental weapons, to capturing rare creatures to pizza making competitions (I'm not kidding). They are wonderfully written and present a very fun way of handling special events. This style is also used for the prison mini-game, which basically happens any time you're arrested by one of the factions. You can be a model inmate and follow the rules, try and survive being a snitch, or try to be the Don of the prison. Along the way you'll be focusing on keeping your mind and body sharp, taking part in talent contests, cockroach races, dealing with contraband, and all sorts of varied and surprising prison activities.Graphically the game is wonderful. The graphics are detailed and crisp, and just flying around space is an amazing visual experience. The text adventure sections have hand drawn pictures to go with them. The only part of the game that's a little more simplistic is the RTS battles.As for sound, there's some great musical scores to the game and quite well done sound effects. There's no speech, so you don't need to worry about hearing it over whatever else is going on in the game.As for replay value... the universe is randomly generated each time you play a new game. There will always be certain home systems and home worlds that appear, but where they are and what's around them, along with what space stations are available (which you can fund to help construct more of) will differ each time you play. Missions, ships and equipment will vary each game as well, so the course you take through the game can vary greatly. Definitely a game you can come back to again and again."
,Recommended,214730,11595610,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"I played this a long time ago and had some fond memories of it.  Now I bought it again in the HD version.  It does look nice, however, I have decided I hate the text adventures as well as the RTS missions.I was really into leveling up and getting better stuff for a while, but then the tech progression got really slow and there just was not much to buy.  To make matters worse the way the game does ship maintainace, it is a percent of the value of everything.After a while just flying around and having normal wear and tear lead to huge expenses.In the end, I just got bored of doing the same thing over and over without completing the main story line.  I could never ""solo"" sectors of dominators and trying to find one where other NPCS we helping out seemed like blind luck.  I just got bored of it all and put the game down.  For good I think.I would say, buy it when it is on sale.  I really like the idea of the game, its just that the execution was quite rough with just too many annoying things."
76561198162228974,Recommended,214730,13194345,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Carlos Hathcock [S.E.A],Can someone tall me where I can find whitch race put bonty on my head?
76561197989969345,Recommended,214730,7475980,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,marksim123,Open world gameplay.  Dynamic universe lends itself to immersion.   Aesthetically pleasing for 2D graphics.
76561198113367745,Recommended,214730,10435297,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ponyhare,"Space Rangers HD is an awesome game and  a big improvement over Space Rangers 2 Reboot!  I know you're going to say how Can Ranger Ponyhare say this with only one hour of  game time.   I can  say this because I have spent seemingly countless hours playing this game with the Steam Client in Offline mode.  I'm trying to keep this review brief and make it as helpful as possible, so I'm only including thoughts about the Pirates.  First there are basically two pirate factions, Independent Pirates that are out for their own ends, but are willing to follow you if you have enough Leadership Skill and Cash.Second is the Pirate Brotherhood that will take Systems from the Coalition and Defend the systems they have but who will never follow you.  At least they didn't follow me and I made the Rank of Capo in the Brotherhood.  Offending planets controlled by the Brotherhood is not like offending Coalition Planets.  You can't Bribe individual planets into good relations.  Better relations are only accomplished at a Business Center if you Build a Pirate Base and at a Pirate Base if you change your identity or Join the Pirate Brotherhood; or leave the Pirate Brotherhood and Rejoin the Pirate Brotherhood.  Playing the Pirate Story line quests also adds some unique adventures but I'll  leave that to you the Reader to Discover when you play Space Rangers HD!"
,Recommended,214730,9598721,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,bananaz*.ua,"absolutely AWESOME Game!But only for those, who understand."
,Recommended,214730,6382481,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Fluttertard,Beat dominators! Save the Galaxy!
76561198004462391,Recommended,214730,7966103,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ice Cream !,"pls marketing this game , again and again , and who want to buy this game but think the price is hight , buy it now, the best game for the reasonable price,  i was play from space ranger 1 , 2 , the expandtion and now The War Apart , I still waiting for the next sequel of this ,because THIS IS A GREAT GAME I have EVER PLAY"
76561198077570664,Recommended,214730,9860570,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,GUARDIAN,ONE MOST EPIC GAMES
,Recommended,214730,8459584,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Miljan Dallas,I LOVE THIS GAMEIT IS WONDERFUL
,Recommended,214730,8742600,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,eugenov,Classics won't die. Especially HD versions....
,Recommended,214730,19165507,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Cobras,"""Too much space Cheeki Breeki"" 10/10"
,Recommended,214730,4609691,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,shadowj,Fantastic game!!! Incredible SCI-FI Space old-school RPG.
76561198024809304,Recommended,214730,25196170,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,WMA,One of the best strategy game. A good mix of strategy and RPG elements in there.
,Recommended,214730,27994764,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Frenz0rz,"An underrated little gem of a game that nobody seems to know about, having seemingly faded from the critical eye shortly before the advent of digital distribution and the renaissance it brought to many other old classics.Look. It's a top-down space adventure game in a randomly generated universe. It is filled with wonderful alien species full of character and humour. You can be a pirate, a merchant, a bounty hunter, a corsair, a soldier. You can join the intergalactic struggle against the ruthless Dominators, or just bugger off and explore a black hole or build a space station or fly around plopping exploration probes on every other planet. Or you could just lurk near the nearest commercial hub, demanding that tasty-looking trader to hand over his goods, aaaarg matey!It has hilarious and exciting text adventures! And a fully 3D (admittedly slightly janky) RTS mode! You can spend hours zouping up your ship with half a dozen frag cannons and the biggest, fattest shields money can buy; or you can whack it all in a savings account and let the money roll in, whilst you fly off to deliver a toothbrush for that nice Faeyan ambassador halfway across the galaxy.Look, just buy it, ok?"
76561198061401443,Recommended,214730,28138559,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Triple Seven,One of my absolute favorite games and a real hidden gem. Would absolutely recommend.
76561198095385880,Recommended,214730,27378040,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,waterdrinker,"A cool game from a company known to make cool games. It is the one game I can play for days without noticing the passage of time at all. There is just aways something to do. Also, I love the planetary battles!"
,Recommended,214730,25473080,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ironlion45,"Space Rangers is one of those games that just sort of pulls you in.  It's wierd, quirky, and above all: fun.   The mini games are challenging, engaging, and will remind you of some of your favorite generes (even text adventure, at times!)."
,Recommended,214730,27984333,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xilel,Best game disign is 200x!!
76561198007703317,Recommended,214730,30603118,Posted: 18 March,all,Mikhail Borkaleyev,I really like this game its not like anyhting i recall playing before. Your a space ranger (guy in a spaceship;). space combat is turnbased and planets have textbased adeventures which i found very amusing most of the time. It also has  a realtime strategy element as in when a planet gets conquered by faction your at least neutral with you can then land on planet to do a landbased RTS mission with robots to rid planet of last pieces of resistance and get some loot. All in all i recommend this if you like Turnbased games with a bit of RPG in in it. The RTS part is optional mostly i just skipped that part cause i didnt find it that good.
76561197995669628,Recommended,214730,18473562,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Sorokonojka,"Spacerangers is a simple concept of a 2D space game taken to the extreme . Don't let that minigame look fool you this game has a $60 worth of content . It has somewhat of a sandbox feel to it because you can progress through the game by fighting dominators,trading,doing quests or just being a pirate .The main menu has a very nice custom gameplay options which you can use to make it harder or easier on yourself . Also you can get much better starting ship at the cost of some races hating you which is a risk vs reward option .Probably the most important part of this game is just the fact that it is so visually uniqe and the soundtrack is amazing . It may not be a 3D space game but it still creates very immersive atmosphere .There are several gameplay types that may appeal to different players . You have a turn based space combat, RTS style ground quests where game completly changes the way it plays , Text Missions for people who enjoy puzzles and twitch space combat inside black holes .Last but not least is the element of random events. Sometimes you pilot can get a sickness and then you will keep getting money each month as donations from organization fighting that disease.Each time you play the game you may run into a different problem . Sometimes some of the big bosses can come to your system location and kill everyone , forcing you to flee and adapt new tactics .If you set game on hardest diffeculty you can actually loose entire galaxy to pirates & dominators .It really is a solid game in all aspects . My only complain is that I prefered Dominatos (robots) as main story villains and not Pirates in this expansion . The pirate faction has some issues though because you might get a quest to protect all ships in pirate system which is kidna dumb because its just nearly impossible to do without some serious luck ."
76561198071960737,Recommended,214730,13769745,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,timmieyoung,Space diablo
76561198006662542,Recommended,214730,14079464,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,druid539,"First time i have played. bit hard to get the hang of it to start with, but a great addictive game with heaps to do. plots and subplots...lots of fun."
,Recommended,214730,14169107,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"Space Rangers HD puts a hand in too many cookie jars and doesn't really excel in any of them. It tries to be a Myst-like adventure series with little short, interactive, branching stories, then tries its hand at being a space sim where you fly around a little and barter, and finally it tries its hand at arcade shooting and RTS style gameplay. It has variety, being a jack of all trades, but it doesn't master any of them. On the other hand, it doesn't fail horrible, save for the reading portions where you can be screwed by RNG, especially when you're on the clock. Don't buy this game unless you're sure you want any of those, or you're a fan of the series. If you are a fan, it does exactly what you want and it runs without issue. So I won't give it any hate for that. It's possible that I'm just not too big a fan of the series, and the game isn't at fault, so I give it that benefit of the doubt."
76561198022256194,Recommended,214730,14301550,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Core Breach,"One of best games of all times. One of rare timeless games that beside Dota 1 and 2 that I never got bored of and never stopped playing. Incredible music, graphics, atmosphere and sense like really being on adventure in universe. I don't know which I like better, text adventures in the game, fights on the planet, or game play in star systems. I bought this sequel just to support this kind of thinking and creativity.﻿Played first part almost 13 years ago and I am always back to play it again since then."
76561198020693964,Recommended,214730,14332013,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Gaijin Deviant,"I never got to play this the first time round, boy did I miss out, a thoroughly engrossing space sandbox that isn't easy to pick up but very rewarding should you stick with it and learn how to play, recommended."
,Recommended,214730,13882038,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Thomasovics,"Dont know who are that less percent, who vote 'no', they can't understand masterpieces. Even the SR1 were good in its era (y)"
,Recommended,214730,14117967,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Shymer,"Space Rangers 2 is a unique and improbable blend of space trading/fighting, robot-war based RTS and choose-your-own text adventures somewhat erratically translated from Russian. You play a Space Ranger trying to save the universe from the plague of a trio of evil AIs and the growing threat of pirates.Or not.You can ignore the story of the game and choose your own goal - and let the universe crumble around you. Sometimes you will be trading or running fedex missions between worlds. Sometimes releasing probes on unihabited worlds. Sometimes you will be jumping into a system infested with AI space vessels and trying to do your bit for the cause. Sometimes you will tracking down some rogue pilot for the money you need to buy your next ship. Sometimes you will be running a ski resort. Sometimes trying to get elected as president - or winning a Fonzer race - or just surviving prison as you wait for your release.If you can't imagine what that might be like, then you ought to try this game. It is a one-off.The pacing is all over the place. The turn-based space battles make mass combat a puzzle, rather than an adrenaline hit. Not a bad thing if you like that kind of thing. The planetary robot battles are long drawn out affairs of attrition rather than inspiration and the text adventures are... mixed... and involve a hell of a lot of reading and even more head scratching. But both are optional and feel almost like entire games all of their own. It can be hard to find your feet - the manual has vital information that the tutorial doesn't cover. It really is a bit of a stitched together monster.However to find all three genres in one game - and a game of so many options. Advancing tech tree - dynamic economy - an enemy expanding into your turf whether you like it or not - named competitors and rivals to fight, or hire. To have a story arc of a galactic battle against three baddies that you can choose whether to engage with - and how. And then to find you are a small cog in a vast machine of traders, pirates, military vessels and rangers who get on with their own lives with or without you. It's a glorious anarchic riot that has (either by luck or judgement) found a beautiful patchwork mix of the bizarre.For all of its faults - craziness - frustrations - iffy translations. It is, quite possibly, my favourite game."
76561198060178680,Recommended,214730,13217001,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,p.bamburov,Best game ever!!!!
76561198145239055,Recommended,214730,14405375,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,soroush,"Fun, but is quite ruthless.You really can't proceed and win without putting a LOT of time into it doing safe missions and slowly building up your ship."
76561197970347042,Recommended,214730,13867796,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,aluinie,A very fun game  with  miss match of ideas and styles. Takes a wee bit to get into but good fun when you do and you are free to do what you want which is great.
76561198088214311,Recommended,214730,24092485,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KriX,"Game of my childhood,has lots of different game elements,rpg-rts-turn based and such things and that's what makes the game great.You have 5 different races which you can choose and you got a variant of roles,warrior-trader-pirate-merchant etc...You fight the 3 dominators,terron blazer and keller and there are the pirates as well which are pretty  hard to beat.Overall I recommend the game cause it's pretty damn good"
,Recommended,214730,11529065,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Nikolai,"Great game, i played the original games when i was a kid, they were my entire childhood haha, totally worth the price :D"
,Recommended,214730,15891814,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,KamikaziFly,"This is a fun game. Very in-depth.You can buy and sell stuff, or you can mine asteroids for a single generic ore, or hunt pirates, or hunt any faction you want.There are 3 different main bad guy factions, plus the pirates, plus the good guys, plus merchants, plus rangers.Even the types of crew have different benefits and their skills improve.Your ship can catch fire, and you can blow your airlocks to extinguish that fire, or suffocate enemies who have boarded, or fight them head on.You can unlock ships, and there are several difficulty levels.The game has English translation, so it feels more like you are exploring space, almost trying to figure out what the enemies are trying to say to you, which is really immersive when dealing with alien races. I have had to use my English dictionary more than once to define an English word, and English is my native language. The English translation was done by Brits. Sometimes the translation tends to be serious, sometimes it tends to be funny.The devs are still active and ready to help players with any problems which hadn't been addressed."
,Recommended,214730,15984011,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Abjibos,This is a very good game!
,Recommended,214730,14751266,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,[Mad_Trucker],Make Dominator drop his equipment. Pick up his gun. Kill him with his own torpedo!12/10Would fry toasters again!
,Recommended,214730,4609295,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,KawaiiNekoNya,One of the best games ever. Чо тут еще сказать.
76561197987414906,Recommended,214730,16143186,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,theguyB,"Wow... i didnt´t expect this. A lucky buy, got it from a Pack. Awesome Game!"
,Recommended,214730,14356239,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,lolwto?!,Magnificent game. Do not buy it before your exams. Seriously.
,Recommended,214730,26866275,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rinabin,It's cool.
76561198065744208,Recommended,214730,16504671,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Turncoat,"Absolutely fantastic game! Everything is perfect: music, graphics (will never gets old), idea itself.Have a great replayability and challenging planet quests.Would recommend to anyone."
76561198108065094,Recommended,214730,11461552,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,aigarslivzemnieks2,is good-random noob
76561198058252158,Recommended,214730,11670945,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Russian Rocket,This is legendary.
76561198029008170,Recommended,214730,34446554,Posted: 23 August,all,Dan,"Loved it.  I hope the franchise gets picked up .  It was a little rough but given the age fun.  I might replay it- it was better than most of the ""indie"" games in the same genre currently."
76561197984755138,Recommended,214730,21540609,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,baramos_dragon,A wonderful remake of the original.  Loved the original.  This is a great update to the franchise.  Hope there will be a Space Rangers 3.
76561198024251618,Recommended,214730,21827858,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,BCTrooper,This is one of the best Indie games I have played. Why it is only scoring 68/100 baffles me.
76561198020736002,Recommended,214730,18772067,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,crunchydemon,I dont' know what the hell I'm doing on this game.  I can't kill a single enemy ship on my own.  But darn it all if I don't keep coming back to it to figure it all out.
,Recommended,214730,28393158,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","Teeny, tiny fonts & spaceships in a big game :)"
76561198034149794,Recommended,214730,10661324,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lillie Rodrick Goff,best game ever.
76561198062270548,Recommended,214730,11090082,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TotalBarracuda,You Can be a true Pirate - TotalBarracuda <TM>
76561198078688062,Recommended,214730,10747102,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ursumursu,Good game to pass the time.
76561198076412822,Recommended,214730,8851003,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Your mother's dick cheese,Hell yes!
76561197992499674,Recommended,214730,12907103,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Durabolin,Extremely fun game. Why dont they make more games like this?
,Recommended,214730,31898943,Posted: 22 May,all,-Mifik,Best game ever.
,Recommended,214730,21943254,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,1234,Best game everSuch nostalgia10 pelengs / 10
76561198016707912,Recommended,214730,31744132,Posted: 14 May,all,archenemy,"I can't really write anything that wasn't written on other reviews, so just in short: ultimate freedom. Man I wish there would be more games like these."
76561198047980905,Recommended,214730,29903290,Posted: 13 February,all,Grimisto,"If the devs read this,please make another version.This game is great and if another is made I can only inagine how good it would be."
,Recommended,214730,15877396,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sanic,Deep Strikes
76561198121944118,Recommended,214730,27611188,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lkzero,"The game, which wants from you everything you can give to it. You can give it all the time you have and get something to do. The richest world in offline simulators. Recomended for 9 epic cookies from 10!"
,Recommended,214730,13929292,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Vultcha_,great♥♥♥♥♥♥buy it!new steam release doesn't have proto-drm that destroys your computer!!!  my how far we have come...
76561198009975303,Recommended,214730,14409283,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Khyron,"A good, solid game. Take it for what it is.Story and setting concerning the dominators is pretty good, most other things are quite generic.Early in the game you do missions for governments and it's either:Bring object A to location B, within a set amount of time.Kill guy in ship A, last seen in system B, within a set amount of time.Go to location B, do a text quest/puzzle.Go to planet B, do a ground mission to kill faction C.^ That's it. You essentially do the same over and over but with different words.However, you need only do 10-20 of these missions until you can get good enough gear to start hunting dominators, and that's where the real profit is.All dominator parts are sold for max price (and sometimes double) to Research stations.Now you've come to the stage where you grind, grind, grind and grind more dominators, preferrably luring them in and kiting them one by one, so not to get clusterf#¤(ed up the bum.Now wash, rince and repeat this for 30 hours and you win the game! Huzzah!The game has it's charm, it has options, you could be a trader, but really.. fed-ex'ing crap across the galaxy gets old pretty fast.It's pretty decently priced and it'll probably get you anywhere between 15 and 40 hours depending on the rate you go at.And you'll want to be fast. If you're slow, dominators will conquer the galaxy. If you're fast, you get less hours out of the game. Go figure."
76561198003952569,Not Recommended,214730,26433137,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,foobywalla,"In the early game, you see that most enemy ships you can't beat and that's expected.  Later on in the game you expect that you would be able to take on more and more enemies.  That doesn't happen though.Game is not balanced.  The pirates are too powerful and take over the galaxy even on easy mode.  There is very little you can do to actually win.  Fun though if  it were not for that extremely frustrating point.The previous version of this game (Space Rangers 2) was the same game without the high definition graphics, but was actually winnable.  Why do they have to break the game when changing the graphics?"
76561198026797849,Recommended,214730,26937300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yopt,"There are still no games like this, not even close. One of the several titles made by Russian developers, which I am really proud of."
,Recommended,214730,21951874,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Uchiha,Good game MMO.
,Recommended,214730,14164327,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,fffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu,it's totaly awesome.
76561198103049869,Recommended,214730,31436143,Posted: 29 April,all,Vladi,One of the best games with replay value i ever played. Been playing it almost 10 years its crazy. NEEDS TO BE PORTED TO iOS!!!
,Recommended,214730,26133651,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Crazyjc,Love this game definitely has potential. easy to lose track of time
76561197981738822,Not Recommended,214730,31754381,Posted: 14 May,all,Handsome Squidward,"I used to play this game just over a decade ago when they updated it as ""A War Apart"" so when I saw it rereleased on STEAM as an updated version I HAD to get it! So why the thumbs down? Well after playing it for a few weeks I realized that there has only been minimal changes, some are good, others not so much..The Pros:-Awesome music, especially when entering black holes, the fast paced music really immerses you into the combat. Even when travelling between star systems, the music kept me entertained and in the space exploring mood throughout my playthrough.-A lot of new ships and Weapons to choose from and experiment with.-The new Pirate Organization with a ranking system and space stations that work just like the Coalitions Military Stations.-A living breathing galaxy, the world actually moves around you, which gives a huge feeling of immersion. I liked how I could sit around and watch other NPCS move up military ranks and live their lives without any player interaction.-Fun combat elements, turn style combat which allows you to pause and strategize which was a nice feature since it allowed some micro-managing.-Open world Freedom, I like how there are no specifics one what skills you HAVE to get up first. If you want to trade, become a trader, if you want to be a jerk and rob people (Which I personally prefered) become a Pirate! The easiest and safest route I found to be was sticking with Ranger military.Now, THE CONS:-Planetary battles, the AI is incredible lack-luster in terms of reliability. The idea of putting an RTS element to an RPG game isn't necessarily a terrible idea. What IS, however, is doing it without developing a proper AI for that specific feature. For example: When telling my troops to move forward, instead my troops may walk a bit left, do a loopy-loopy to the left and down, maybe to the right a bit, walk into the walls for a few seconds, then start heading up. A process that may have taken 6-9 seconds to fully perform, when they should have taken the initial 2 seconds to just WALK FORWARD.The same goes with attacking, they pick the weirdest targets, Instead of shooting at a target that is attacking them, not even two unit lengths away, they are aiming at another target miles away in behind my own troops. I didn't mind the battles TOO much, as of writing this review I have 24/40 planetary battles completed, so I'm not saying they are impossible but what is frustrating is most of the difficulty which comes from the battles is trying to get the terrible AI to work properly for you.-Liberating Star Systems, Most of the time I find myself buying military operations which seem to have next to no effect. They will gather maybe 5 ships of extreme garbage quality, that fly into the next system and get shot down immediately. There is no intelligence behind it. Even when looking at the Galaxy map, I'll see a system currently being liberated, so I warp in to find allies fighting the dominators. But once I show up and start fighting, ALL OF MY ALLIES start warping away from the solar system. Then when I try to liberate them myself (Late game) allies will only warp in once theres only  a few dominators left.-Relationships with other Captains, I find the relationship meter with most other captains broken. I will be flying through a star system only to be interupted by another ranger demanding money from me, I tell him no so he starts shooting. If I return fire, I am now hated by other rangers in the area. This is kind of weird, seeing as I'm the guy whos getting robbed, its like walking into a walmart, only for the greeter to say, ""Your wallet or your life!"" And if you refuse, the rest of the walmart employees will start throwing items at you while you try to leave the store.-Pirate Organization ships, They use too many missle launchers. When flying into a star system, its strange to scan over 15 different ships to see each and every one of them using 5 missle launchers. In fact the game starts lagging, which stops the immersion quite quickly when the game is now taking 3-5 seconds to load in between each turn because of exploding stray missles.-With new ships comes imbalance, The sizing of a lot of ships makes the game stagnant. By mid-end game I found most ships had around 1500+ hull. Not only transports and Liners, but most rangers and military are also flying around with 1500 even up to 2000 hull size witch shield generators and droids too, which makes a lot of the fighting extremely long and repetetive.  By the very end, most fights became more of a chore than anything else.TLDR;It's mostly just poor AI which brings this game down for me. It's not like its a BAD game, its just not amazing is all, I'd say Space Rangers 2 is ""Alright"". I think where I'm most disappointed is that it has been over a decade, and they released such minimal things on this game when instead I wish they had fixed the AI issues that they had known people were having since the original release."
76561198064475433,Recommended,214730,26210023,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,fuck*****,"This game is the first of it's kind that I have played and I gotta say, I think it is amazing. I got it for like 3$ but 15$ is totally worth it."
,Recommended,214730,26392431,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Akzen,"I'm Reven Stark, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
,Recommended,214730,27083712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Borbatos,For the 1st time I played this game (before hd remaster) something like in the age of 10. And i very liked Space Rangers.  And it is very nice to know that developers didn`t abandon the game and still support it . Правда пиратов слишком много )))
,Not Recommended,214730,35082441,Posted: 20 September,all,Cook,"Well, I've never been a fan of this game from the beginning and despite that, I managed to finish it a couple of times because the game had its own atmosphere. Of course, I'm talking aboutSpace Rangers 2: DominatorsandSpace Rangers 2: Reboot. But today I did not find the strength to waste more of my time on this version, and this is why:High grind which includes the constant completing of monotonous quests (not text quests) which are usually “go there and kill\deliver\find something” and not interesting space fights. Also, all of them have to be done in a limited time, so you have to check for yourself whether you can fly and complete the task on time and return back to get a reward.Lack of a convenient quest log. All that you have is a small panel at the bottom of the screen with pop-up windows. In addition, to find out where you need to go and what to do, you need to reread the unnecessary text. It would be much easier if instead of the text there was a brief description of the quest, as it was done with the information of who and were gave you this quest.Absurd dialogues which are written with a lot of Russian jargon, not funny jokes and old memes. Quite often I met dialogs that I think were written by a person who just wanted to joke but did not know how. And with each new version of the game, the number of these dialogues only increased. And finally, in this version, you can find old memes, which few people will know outside of Russia, right in the background. Why?!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1139249326Lack of deep lore. Due to the fact that the dialogues were written by many different people for a long period of time, there is no one solid deep lore which gives some kind of uniqueness to the races. Honestly, i've got a strong filling that writers come up with dialogues at the time of writing, and not worked out them in advance.Of course, the game has positive aspects, such as complete freedom of action, a live and interactive world, a good trading system, interesting text quests (I'm talking only about those that were in Space Rangers 2: Dominators, I didn't play in new ones), ground battles, etc. But for me, inappropriate jokes and outdated memes of this version spoil the whole impression of the game.I wish that the game were more serious and also that the developers hired professional writers, instead of a bunch of fans with a questionable sense of humor.This version was developed primarily by fans of the game and is based on a free fan-made mod calledSpace Rangers 2: Revolution. So personally I will stick with the original Space Rangers 2: Dominators (even with Reboot version) without any questionable additions and gameplay changes.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1139811847P.S. Because of the conflict between the developers, the previous parts of the game (Space Rangers 1 and Space Rangers 2: Reboot) were removed from Steam."
76561197970663919,Not Recommended,214730,14484514,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,RasterOps,"While the Space Rangers series is fun and this episode can be... this episode offers little of value. This game-concept allows the player to become a pirate in opposition of the Coalition. If that is your thing, then you will most likely enjoy this game more than me. If you despise pirates then this game will infuriate you.Pirates arrrr over powered (OP) even on Normal difficulty.  Some have speculated that pirates have to pay for their repairs, equipment, missiles and MM's. Inconceivable! They rarely if ever pick up loot. They cannot possibly get enough from extortion. They always have the best equipment and MM's. And 9 times out of ten they are doped up, improving their mad skillz.It is possible to ignore pirates, allow them to conquer Coalition systems and then land on""their""planets. If your relations with them are good, then they will leave you alone... except for independents. And maybe that's how to be less frustrated.NewSo this episode added a new Race/Faction, the pirates, its HD... some new weapons (which pirates use effectively in packs), Steam achievements, supposedly some new quests and perhaps a few more things. The ship defense design was changed to segregate Energy, Fragmentation and Missile weapons. The lower the score the less damage your ship will take in that class, e.g. M:80%.Unfortunately, this is where the game becomes unbalanced. There is one hull class in the game that consistently has thelowestdefense scores, ergo the best defenses, the Dumbo class. Like it or not this is thesingle/solegoto choice for ship hulls.OldThe devs did not correct the:Superfluous grammar and typographical errors, e.g. It's not ""Sale"", it's ""Sell"".It may be HD, but the display area is the same.Cannot zoom in or out on the tactical map (system travel)The minimap is fixed. You can go beyond the edge of the system but you will not be able to see your location or other objects on the minimap.The equipment reliability system has not changed and this is thegreatest problemwith the series. It's not the poor equipment reliability that is so irksome; there are two in-game mechanics for controlling that. It's the exorbitant cost to repair that is so poorly designed andunbalanced. A design that relies entirely upon recovering and selling Dominator equipment to science stations (full value). If there were no doms, thenNO ONEcould afford to repair their equipment. The design is ludicrous, frustrating and very aggravating... in other wordsNOTfun! This problem is compounded when fighting pirates. They rarely drop anything of value and the overall effect is just to wear out your equipment. IMO they also don't pay for their repairs.All quest and related dialogs force you to find the destination in the text but readily remind you of the ""Customer"". A simple ""Destination/Target"" heading would have been nice.No turn management improvements, e.g. everything requires an entire day to complete, e.g. landing, taking off, jumping, etc. Days (the turn) could have been divided into, oh I don't know, hours and allow the turn to be stopped at any point. The turn/hour progress indicator could easily be shown on the HUD. And if the time requirement to jump is 12 hours then at least you won't have to just sit there and wait a full day for all those missiles to catch up and blast you to pieces.Jumping still requires the ship to travel to some obscure location at the edge of a system. For instance, if you are at the outer lower edge of a system, you may have to travel to the top edge to exit, etc. More often than not this behavior is senseless and annoying, especially when being chased by...Birthday gifts, etcetera, are scattered all over the galaxy. No easy way to collect them all. Attempting to manage this loose inventory consumes too much game time. Time that your enemy is using to their advantage.There were no improvements to the trade/mercantile system (it's not just overly simplistic but senseless and boring)The planets in the Sol system are orbiting in the wrong directionStations... they spend all that money to build them but can't afford to equip them?! This is supposedly left to the player... who can't afford to repair his own gear let alone another station.The pace is aggressively fast, unbalanced. There is no time to enjoy other aspects of the game like quests... let alone collecting gifts and selling. It's pretty tedious. The game can be fun but get it on""sale""at 50% or greater."
,Not Recommended,214730,16336326,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,John Hadley,"Space Rangers HD is a very niche open-world turn-based space trading and combat strategy game that I think many people will find rather frustrating.  The game is improperly balanced so that the player has a very narrow path to success and a steep learning curve.  There's a lot of different ships and parts you can use, but many of them seem not to be viable and will lead to your death.   Not enough firepower?  You die.  Not fast enough?  You die.  Not earning enough income to pay off pirates or repair your ship after fighting them?  You die.   Not enough fuel make a hyperspace jump to run away?  You die.  The learning curve and narrow path to success reminds me very much of the game X3: Terran Conflict, another more-complex open-world space trading and combat game which I would recommend over this.  If you are able to find the path to success then you may enjoy these games greatly, but if you fail to find it you will die again and again without making much progress and probably give up the games without experiencing what they have to offer.In this game you are supposed to try to control the pirate threat but you aren't powerful enough to kill pirates early in the game, only fast enough to chase them around and sustain a lot of damage fighting them only to have them land on a planet and fully repair their ship most of the time.  Before you know it the whole universe starts getting overrun by pirates and you have only been able to kill one or two strays.  You start to get jumped by more pirates than you can afford to pay off or hope to kill off, run out of money, then die.  Prepare to save and reload often in this game as that seems to be the main path to survival when you don't know what you may encounter before entering a black hole or a sector or taking a quest.  Death is going to find you, so be sure you have saved before that.Some of the planet battles in the game are difficult and frustrating and will require many restarts in some cases before you randomly end up with the right plan and conditions that will allow you to succeed.  You can skip them if you want to as the game does have an option to do that.There is some gaming population that will find games with narrow success conditions and an abundance of options, many of which are superfluous or serve to hide the narrow path to success fun to play.  These players enjoy overcoming difficulty and pride themselves in their ability to analyze a situation and find a way to succeed.  They will find the way to exploit weaknesses, recognize patterns, and filter out what doesn't lead to success.  They require a certain amount of failure to make victory worth achieving.  If all or even most players succeeded, then the challenge would not be great enough for them.  If this sounds like you, then you may enjoy this game.  If that doesn't sound fun to you, then you probably should pass on this one."
,Recommended,214730,12643558,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,mongrell,"A great addon to a great game. At first view is has little visible difference from the generic game, but actually there are quite a lot of them. I can recommend this game to true fans of Space Rangers, but if you want to make an aquaintance, i reccomend you to start from the first part. Both parts are exellent, but different."
,Recommended,214730,7816985,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,HELLBOUND,i wish this game have multiplayer :C
76561198047473288,Recommended,214730,20502028,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,La Mariposa,One planet changed its government from Democracy to dictatorship and took off weapons from illegal trade list. Went there to dump all the weapon items I bought and became rich.11/10 would play again.
,Recommended,214730,21623104,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Tom,"Hugemoney = ""my father gave me a small loan of 1 million dollar"""
,Recommended,214730,29129109,Posted: 8 January,all,space dog,Updoot
,Recommended,214730,31783843,Posted: 16 May,all,Mimsy,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,214730,20453206,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Hemenex,Not for everybody and some elements would need rework.
,Recommended,214730,13759087,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,IGII2,Perfect addition to a perfect game - I like it!
76561197977258481,Recommended,214730,14489736,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Jra,"A good game to kill some hours, but nothing spectacular."
76561198003080652,Recommended,214730,19485347,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,pink_oboe,Great game
,Recommended,214730,30015835,Posted: 18 February,all,Maxim Litender,Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198122018783,Recommended,214730,26334393,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,THC,Awesome game Blin!!!!
76561198073232075,Recommended,214730,15905657,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Leg Day,Rogue Sim Sci Fi RPG Reading. Light base mechanic. Very fun I enjoy
76561198053295718,Recommended,214730,15909207,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,kaichun.lin,"Spent waaaaay too much time on this game, gotta pimp out my ship."
,Recommended,214730,27615604,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MasterX,If you like to fly in cosmos fighting bad guyz and listen to epic music its your choice of game!
76561198089989828,Recommended,214730,27653865,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,floboug,"An old game played years ago.Replay made me remind why i stopped to play it : the reparing cost increase with the stuff value, wich turn quickly the game into a run for rentability ... and i lose it anytime cause i don't mind the combat missions.No quiet game here, but the run for mission achievements."
76561198047724282,Recommended,214730,27679904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cyber,one of the best games I`ve ever played
76561197972733083,Recommended,214730,26150065,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Dr.Polsk,#Fanboy
,Recommended,214730,30226533,Posted: 27 February,all,AiNE,One of the best games i've ever played.
,Recommended,214730,29730736,Posted: 5 February,all,quack,"good game, despite the fact that it's turn based. gets repetetive after a while, but after a short break it's back to being fun!"
,Recommended,214730,31940884,Posted: 24 May,all,turboKiwi,Dis game is da booooomb! Like an offline fake MMO
76561198109176350,Recommended,214730,19163538,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,mota.by,"I would give this game score 6.5/10. I like mix of TBS and Quests. Game is good, but I played Space Rangers 1 several times, and of course I compare these two games when I play. Space Rangers 2 got some very cool upgrades:+ Planet battles+ Improved equipment search - now you can search by equipment type, weight and other settings+ Improved ship storage - in SR1 it was extremely stupid+ Nodes system for upgrades+ Sattelites+ Pirates can occupy star systemsIf they would stop after adding this stuff, game would be 10/10. But everything else they changed is bad:- Stupid spaceships with disabled slots. Anyone ever bought ship without weapon slots?- They just killed design of SR1. Now everything is ugly. Weapon does not look like weapon, radar does not look like radar etc. Why change everything? And worst part - they kept equipment names.- Limited amount of artefacts you can use- Useless business and medical stations which just break balance- No battles when you jump to other star- Acrylic equipment? It's like garbage. Bad design, stupid features. You have nods system. Why add 1000 types of equipments?So all this 'features' are really bad. Game is good if you never played SR1, but SR1 is much better - 9/10. I would buy it on steam, but SR1 still not released :("
,Recommended,214730,30164923,Posted: 25 February,all,Vinchesko,по♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197966586705,Recommended,214730,24076374,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mythox,this game is the summum of space rpg  strategy/simulation game all time !! and hope they will make a new episode to have more fun !!
,Recommended,214730,26664687,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,John Madden,it's good
,Recommended,214730,25447694,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,FAOFiD,Still better than No Man's Sky.
76561198133843553,Not Recommended,214730,18105260,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,DC-GS,"I wanted to love this game. It looked so nice. But no, there are too many major flaws.> FIRST HOURLet's start from the beginning with the tutorial. Got killed by a pirate who had more defense, better weapons and faster engine. GAME OVER!Since i could complete the tutorial later, gues it was just a random encounter.Still, in the beginning you cannot really fight. If you happen to be stronger then your enemy, he just escape to next planet, repair his ship or just wait. You won't get any exp, loot or bounty. Just a bill for ship repairs.> MISSIONSThere are different missions available, each reward some cash and exp.With a trader ship you can take on transport missions. But they are near impossible at the beginning, since your engine is way too slow for the set timelimit.Later you get engines with 40 parasec hyperdrive. You just jump to your target and the missions get really easy.There are even assassination missions.Some targets have escort. Impossible to beat them at the beginning. Other targets just escape to the nearest planet. If they get arrested - BAD LUCK. Mission failed.It has some text adventures too. Reading them is getting bit tedious on HD screen with text using ~80% of the displays width. Smaller columns would be easier to read. Could be worse...The worst missions? Planetary battle. You land on a planet and play a RTS game against up to 3 cheating AI enemys. They have unlimited resources and can wipe you in the first minutes since you only have enough resources to build 2 units to defend against an army of 10+ units.If you get lucky (spam restart), the enemy decide attack each other and you can just watch. Your own units do stupid things like enganging enemy in melee even if you have long range weapons installed. Repairbots tend to go the frontline too. Some sommands are just ignored, like conquer enemy base or retreat from the battle.So why just don't skip the mission? They are painfull, but they yield about 5 times the cash and exp any other mission do. If you skip them, you have to grind for much much longer time.> BLACK HOLESYet another type of minigame. Black holes appear at random and can be entered for fast paced 2D scrollshooter. You get BH-tier equip upon win, which is good endgame stuff.Too bad the minigame has issues too. If you move forward and shot, you hit yourself. You can kill yourself that way... GAME OVER.> ENDGAMEWell.... i'm not there yet.You gonna start fighting against aliens. In one game I had aliens in the next sector. Without feul to jump back, they attacked me and... GAME OVER.I really like the game, but in the third installment they still have lots of issues. Frustrating issues.In this stage, i cannot recommend the game. Maybe they will do things better in the fourth version."
76561198039374546,Recommended,214730,23772473,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DJ Raptor,"Game is epic, and super adictive :)"
76561198074746570,Recommended,214730,23785344,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dinoslaw,"This is just awesome, just more of one of my favourite game! More of all: quests, text quests, one more faction, more gear, just more and more"
76561198046476516,Recommended,214730,30584102,Posted: 17 March,all,Phantasm,Great game
,Recommended,214730,22242445,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Jambatti,"great old game. if you like lots of text, choices&consequences and dynamic open world with active nPC's(like in Mount and blade series), this is definitely your choice."
,Not Recommended,214730,16488295,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,"As much as I love this style of game, it is unfortunatley heavily unbalanced. Every improvement in this game over the original SR2 release is overshadowed by the fact that the Pirate faction is more powerful than all the other factions COMBINED. Playing on normal and I see systems with 20 pirate ships, all firing missiles, meaning unlike Dominators that you can kite and wear out slowly these guys will annihilate you in just a few turns. Why even call them Pirates? Why not ""Scourge of the Universe""? So horribly unbalanced and frustrating. Seeing system after system fall to the pirate swarm is just plain idiotic."
,Recommended,214730,25451582,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ga 🅱 en,Better than NMS.
76561198024502690,Recommended,214730,26047749,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Hoptite,👍
76561198022558623,Recommended,214730,23216814,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,XyX,Very good game
76561198091740020,Recommended,214730,24182492,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,76561198091740020,It's a novel.
76561198038854811,Not Recommended,214730,26755784,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Davinci,"I feel I've given this game quite a fair shot, and I just cannot get into it."
76561197972939614,Recommended,214730,12815021,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Wiljo,"One of my favorites. Great game, but not without flaws.9/10"
76561198005747844,Not Recommended,214730,18891629,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,PatDay,"This game is nothing like the pictures or description make it out to be. Maybe that's alright with people already familiar with the series, but I was sadly disappointed. The user interface is terrible, there's almost no in-game tutorial, and the gameplay is tedious. I have no idea when the tag arcade is added to Space Ranger HD because it's absolutely not arcade-y at all.Oh, and the RTS mini-game is terrible."
76561198009432300,Not Recommended,214730,19560824,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Paragon of Badassosity,"I soooooooo wanted to like this game. In fact, if they cut out the RTS-wannabe part and the hyperspace arcade-wannabe part, I'd probably be on board. As it stands though, you HAVE to do at least one of each of those to finish the game, and those two aspects were poorly implemented and annoying. I thought everything else was great, and it boggles my mind how they could snatch failure from the jaws of victory.Flying around the universe was a LOT of fun up until I hit the brick walls, at which point I pretty much quit out of frustration. This is probably one of the few games ever to make me do that. Fingers crossed that if they ever do another, they'll just focus on the good and drop the bad."
76561197965950415,Not Recommended,214730,34503559,Posted: 26 August,all,Fixit,"This game is not as good as I once thought. The graphics are slightly improved from the original, this may be what has made it worse. I am a fan of gameplay over graphics but now the the images are clear, it is easier to see rough edges on the missions. The space arcade mode is diabolical. I got it on sale for £2.99 but still dont think it is good."
76561197998549479,Not Recommended,214730,17371781,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,mxwind70,"fun game but full of bugs jerky play, reboot was better."
,Not Recommended,214730,16357688,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,vindicar,"Pros:* Sandbox game.* Hilarious fetch quests of epic fail variety - no matter what you're asked to do, it will not work out as intended.* You can disable planetary battles.* Autopilot for realtime hyperspace battles - at least you're not a sitting duck if you have to go afk midbattle.Cons - where do I start...* Crashes often when you alt-tab.* Planetary battles have ridiculously low pop cap: 9 robots with best hull/chassi/weps are not enough to defend one direction, much less advance.* Planetary battles have no discernble rally point mechanic - you have to micromanage your army. It defeats the selling point of being able to control individual 'bots - since you have to constantly order reinforcements to advance and can't afford to spend time in the cockpit.* Pirates are ridiculously overpowered, even on normal difficulty. Coalition can't stand♥♥♥♥♥♥agaisnt them, and it effectively disables assassination missions, too. Just take a look at the forums.* Hyperspace battles only exist in black holes - so you can't farm for XP and equipment when jumping between systems anymore. One of the most memorable features of Space Rangers has been effectively removed from the game since black hole might as well pop up in a pirate system (see above).To wrap it all up: they took the most interesting features of the previous Space Rangers game, smashed them to pieces and replaced with them with junk. Have fun."
76561198035231184,Not Recommended,214730,30864460,Posted: 31 March,all,nogorose,I have reloaded so many times I have broken time itself.Do yourself a favor and skip it.  Doesn't hold up to the nostalga-powered reviews.  The Pirate balance issue is near game breaking.
,Not Recommended,214730,20667652,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,coconut,dominions/pirates made a great game literally unplayable
,Recommended,214730,23372529,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
76561197997528710,Not Recommended,214730,17149076,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,elcadaver,"Great game, really like it.Unfortunately, for some reason it has stopped launching, and won't run at all, even after re-downloading it. Running Windows 7 64bitSo, not much fun if you can't play it..."
,Not Recommended,214730,30683892,Posted: 23 March,all,Krym,Will change my recommendation when they fix the three things that make me quit this game in frustration after playing for 30 mins a day:Cursor is almost invisible in planetary maps -continually losing it in the thick of battleRobots almost never accurately go where you tell themUnconfigurable control system in Black holes with seriously stupid setup (arrow keys!!!!! and no mouse fire)Much of my 'game time' is actually time spent looking for solutions to the above
,Not Recommended,214730,14409497,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,DontSh00tMePls,buggy ai makes gameplay frustratingat my first round after 5 years on normal:- only one research stations left and other stations are nearly all destroyed aswell- no trading possible because there are no more deals after 2 years that are worth going for (no luxeries under 220 to find - all other goods are bugged too)- impossible strong pirates and a not reacting factions ai -> they dont go for any pirates harrasing ships in their systems if i dont ask them to- dont know how but i got a good standing with pirates even beeing a ranger that shot somesecond round:- changed pirate difficulty to easy- pirates control 7 (!) more systems after just 2 years in my known space- same trading problem- same incredible strong pirates and factions that let themselves get shot- every second missions sends me to pirate space where i get destroyed within seconds because this time they dont like me- many stations are destroyed- with no trading possible my options of making money are not big - put probes on planets nearly from the beginning that was the only thing that got me some money- after year 3 1/2 pirates again control about 30% of the map- sometimes repair costs of 2000 credits just by flying to another planet within the same system and on the other side jumping to other systems with 6 times more flight time for 850 credits- as pirates arent hunted there are some everywhere every single one with a equipment i cant survive if i dont have a planet near to land onok i think maybe bad luck but third round same crapdont get frustrated like me - without that bugs it would be a perfect game for me and i wonder if this is a prblem in the actual or english versiondeleted...
76561198003583785,Not Recommended,214730,15829788,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Rackhim,"There may be the slight chance, that I just have not understood the game and am making a fool out of myself but as it stands, this game is a pain in my behind and I will have to wait some time before I will try it again otherwise i might set fire to my desktop pc.This is not the game I thought it to be. It has a huge open map, randomly generated every time, which is nice. In the time I had, the only quests I found where sometimes given from planets for me to go to a different system, where I would get blown up in a few seconds (not exaggerating) from hostile ships looking the same as the friendly ones. I picked a warrior-type ship and character and couldn't even last 10 seconds against one ship. And last time I checked, 400 is less than 450. In this game, a ship with a speed of 400 can catch up with you on a straight line even if your speed is 450.Numbers, how do they work.Fighting on a planet is fun for the first time but you have to use the ability to control a robot completely otherwise your ""force"" will get destroyed. I tried their commands (your robots that you create can follow a distinct path and execute an order like: attack everything) and they are worthless. sending in your troops in one long line will get them destroyed not only, because all their robots wait on one position and can fire without problem but also because your bots will try to shoot through your other bots, making the flamethrower a complete waste and some other stuff too and I am not even talking about the pathfinding issues where my robots will split up making it even easier for the enemy to destroy not one large group but two small ones.I have to admit, I only ever played the tutorial on fighting on a planet, because every other mission I received was for a system I could never be able to stand my ground in. I even tried evading the enemy but, as I said: 400 > 450.On top of that, in my short playing time, I started once in a place where nothing interesting (or money creating) happened to far away from other systems (had to restart), only got rewards I couldn't use (besides the money) and found the opportunity to harvest ore extremely tedious because of the time it takes and the many miss-clicks.  It would even help if you could set a waypoint when on the planet, because all your robots start on the lower end of the map even if you are on the top. Maybe it is in there but after trying several times and keys and still not finding anything makes me not want to look it up but kick this game off my computer.I will feel like one hell of an idiot if  this game is more than what I experienced and I was just impatient and stupid but right now, this is the game I wasted money on and I am disappointed."
76561198034826075,Not Recommended,214730,25576611,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,rwe19,"Mostly squandered potential.  Never quite hits the sweet spot.  Confusing.  Frustratingly difficult much of the time.I've seen this game described as a sandbox game a number of times.  That's not really true.  If you try to play it as a sandbox--just being neutral, doing your own thing--you will lose.  The pirates will take over the galaxy and your game is lost.A frustration is that you are woefully underpowered compared to the game's two main enemies--the pirates and the dominators.  Attempting any operations in their systems leads to a mass attack from enemy ships that are ALL more powerful than you are.  Even the rare one on one combat against one of their ships ends up in your death way too often.  Even the tutorial's unmanned drone will own you if you don't first seriously upgrade your ship.  And all of this is on the Easy setting.  I can't even imagine attempting the higher difficulty levels.There is a story line of sorts to the game, but it is pretty well buried, as are many other features of the game.  I found myself frequently looking online for any clues on how to succeed, and time and time again I would read about features that the game barely even mentioned.  Very little is explained in game, and the ""manual"" is pretty bare bones.Planetary combat missions are doable, but the difficulty makes them dull.  The developers seem to have recognized this since they allow you to select an option to prevent the game from bogging you down with them.Planetary text missions are a whole different kind of ridiculous.  The stories are long and only moderately interesting.  The options are usually just RNG rolls instead of offering any meaningful strategic choices.  I found myself dying/failing over a dozen times, and just rapidly clicking through the same choices over and over hoping to get better rolls just so I could get through them and get on with the game.It's sad that all of this overshadows what could have been a very good game with a lot of depth."
76561197972483399,Not Recommended,214730,24713698,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Hamburger!,"So much promise and content to this game, but the interface is a mess and the grandness of it's scope is directly proportional to how overwhelmed and unable you are to even see or understand what it has to offer. Tries to be a lot of things but doesn't give you a learning curve to get up there. For example, there is a tutorial that teaches you all the basics of how to fight ship to ship, and trade, and do missions, and see how the planetside RTS works... but whatever you actually try is a dismal failure. Do you like trying to grab a bit of mineral debris with repeated commands only to be mystified that it always takes about 3 tries? Is your education in system-based combat of any use when any encounter you wind up in you are likely going to be totally ventilated? Howabout a tutorial on how to play the RTS that literally allows itself to get bogged down until you AND the enemy run out of resources? I wanted to like this game and gave it several shots. Ulitimately life is too short. I had to give up. Try at your own peril."
76561198048096716,Not Recommended,214730,30796591,Posted: 28 March,all,Maestro,"A really great series of points with a lot of grind and luck in between.  I love the ground missions, but the space part has been done better before and takes so damn much time to make any progress that i couldn't keep going."
76561198050719425,Not Recommended,214730,25377341,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TheWizard,"started with +1 to attack and defense, bought a modified frag cannon to go with my standard laser, fought a +1 defense pirate with no shield or droid, only a +2 defense hull yet I couldn't hurt him even teamed with an NPC. Completely out of whack and I told it weak pirates in setup. I played SR2 Rebooted and while it was long ago, I don't remember this kind of BS.Just burns you out after getting jumped repeatedly by indestructable pirates while trying to do missions."
76561198293440204,Recommended,214730,33577446,Posted: 15 July,all,Joker,I just want to know how to use EN ?
76561197992820853,Not Recommended,214730,13766223,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,xpl01t,"I've played my share of Space Rangers in not-too-distant past and I loved everything about it. Yet, this new reinstallment of SR2 brings very questionable feelings.First of all I cannot understand how this new and ""optimized"" version manages to lag on 2 of my rigs (Core i7/GT630M laptop and Xeon X5570/GTX750Ti desktop). About every 3 game turns the screen freezes for about 1-2 sec (with or w/o VSync).Secondly, I've been experiencing some serious stability issues. The longest game session was less than 30 min. Game crashed in both Space and Planetary modes.Third and most annoying thing is that enemies are tremendously overpowered. It might sound like complaining, and not a game problem, but in my opinion it definitely is: I got killed 3 times at the very beginning of the campaign by a training combat drone!"
76561198014147932,Not Recommended,214730,21679363,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,ragenz,"this game is pretty much a running  around trying not to die game unless you hold ctrl shift and type god... then its fun.The game itself is potentialy fun the high costs of items / repair costs and blatent AI cheating really just encourages you to cheat , without the cheats i would have deleted it allready and be on to the next.I dont even bother with planet battles due to the insanity of the cheatingFor an average gamer with a small amount of time and average experience i really dont recommend it ,if you can handle cheating to learn it can be fun , if theres a trainer which turns certain ai choices / cheating off even better.of course i dont use trainers because of what normaly will come with them is worse then what you need them for but if you are willing to take the risk you probly allready like the game enough and will probly only use it to balance it , i still recommend only useing cheats tho."
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,214730,16846637,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,S-P,"Don't no what I was expecting with this game, but certainly wasn't expecting a point and click game. Also couln't find any tutorials either. Sadly I lost interst withing a few minutes so I really can't recommend this game."
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,214730,21785163,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Homeinvasion,"Did a stupid tutorial that kept telling me to zoom in, but no idea how to do it, bad design is bad and I am not playing this crap"
76561197995318320,Not Recommended,214730,17637153,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ghostwish,"God what a bitter disappointment. I was so hoping for a sandbox to hold a candle to the likes of Escape Velocity, and this fell so short it broke its hip.Can't trade, because so and so race will hate you.Can't kill pirates, whatever race the pirate was will hate you.Can't kill dominators, because your ship SUCKS and they will eat you alive.Your only options, it seems, is to gimp and cheat. Everyone recommends starting pirate just to get the free ship.So, this game is NOT sandbox, or open world, or anything other than a choo-choo failure on railroad to play the way the devs wanted you to play.The upgrade system is rather painful as well. Your cargo space is how much mass your ship has left over. That's loose logic if I ever heard it, because there's nothing in the way of cargo pods to fit on your ship.Oh yeah, and everything is timed. You don't have time to learn the game, because pirates are chomping at your bits, and dominators are chomping at your bits and taking systems and blowing up stations so.. Yeah. Refunded. Bye.P.S. Not even touching that joke of an RTS. Even the die hard fans of this game detest it."
76561198040961114,Not Recommended,214730,26085673,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,spaceweezle,"The core features/concepts of SR3D are things that I would typically find enjoyable in a game, however the horrendously bad UI - lack of UI scaling - and clunkly control scheme make it a very unenjoyable experience for me.Instead of simple easy to read tool-tips, the game has a static display in tiny (almost unreadable text) right on the bottom edge of your screen. So when you're clicking on a button all the way on the right side of your screen, you have to pan your eyes back to the bottom center of the screen. The text and font used means not only do you have to suffer the annoyance of looking back and forward, but also strain your eyes reading it each time.My frustration with the UI is only equaled by the atrocious control scheme. It's hands-down the most unintuitive and clucky contol system I've ever used.It's a  modern game with some nice ideas, but has all the drawbacks of a 30 year old game in terms of interface and usability.It's not a particularly pretty game., It lacks voice acting, And character models and animations are extremely primitive- but all that could be forgiven if the UI and control system weren't so evil."
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,214730,13666682,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sir Evans,"3/5 and only get it if it is on sale.I have played this game before it went HD and I completed it without cheats back then.It was long and tedious.Seeing it on sale on Steam I thought to myself - gonna get it, gonna cheat it, gonna have fun again.And I would like to point this out now - I am all against multiplayer cheaters, skill is all that should matter.However I totally support cheating/modding in single player modes, because poeple should enjoy the game the way they like.Fancy hardcore mode with one life? Go for it. Fancy easy mode with uber-guns and steamrolling through hordes of enemies? Go for it.Above everything else, have fun playing the title.Nope, not here.Space Rangers is a very difficult game and very time consuming. Unfortunatelly quite imbalanced too.Any attempts at using build in cheats or cheat engine will flag your game as 'cheated' and you will get no achievements, no score ranking etc.Keeping that in mind (you might think it is not a big deal, after all) I have to warn you that by playing this game you are in for a quite of a boredom unless you get the mechanics right - and quite a lot of dying as well, so save often before engaging in space combat.Now onto review:Graphics: 3,5/5It is colourful, eye candy, outdated 2006 graphic style ported into 2013 that will wear you out quickly.Game is not bad looking and there are no graphical issues I can speak of, but it is missing the immersivenes of other space themed titles - colourful nebulas, detailed planets, cool ship graphics - it is not there, do not expect it, don't look for it, don't wait for it. What you see in your first system is all there is.What you see in your first land battle/black hole is also all there is.Gameplay 3/5Planetary quests are hand drawn, text based, old school adventures of choices. They are in some parts very random and you are advised to save prior to starting one. Some of these (like this game of one pawn against 4) require few tries to complete due to random AI movements. Others require you to familiarize with quest first in order to understand it's mechanics. (A warning. Don't dig down in sex-change quest for a Peleng IF you play as a Peleng).Planetary quests are the most difficult part of the game and the most enjoyable. Each is different and unique; this is the only part where Space Rangers really shines.The RTS battles are sometimes simply impossible to win (you will see) and require constant activity (non-stop production and attacking) and are very crappy, but they pay quite well.Space battles and generally things you do in space fall into 2 categories:- making money by scavenging stuff from space/planets, performing easy quests (package delivery, get a quick ship, get all those quests and earn tons of money), or by so called trading (use trading centers to figure out best deals)- running into or away from combat. This is where this game falls flat on it's face and moans in agony. You will need few deaths to get used to general turn-based combat system, targeting, and generally understanding why you do not do any damage.In difference to the original game there is this pirate faction added into the title, but they are just 'meh'.You can either bother yourself with antagonizing pirates (meaning, every system will have a hostile pirate fighters) or going against Coalition (meaning, every system will become hostile), which is just as stupid as it sounds.There is no storyline to speak of. You are a ranger, who wants to become THE Ranger, there are some evil guys (rouge machines) that will shoot you on sight, there are some good guys (basically anyone else) that you can interact with. You either destroy the evil ones (oddly, you can join them, but it is game over with some info that you destroyed good guys) or they destroy everyone else, plain and simple. No twist, no immersion, no nothing. Just us vs them.Unless you cheat in money(and you don't want to in HD edition, as mentioned), you will have to spend first few(or more) years of the game just getting enough to buy a decent ship and components (and by decent I mean the one that lets you fly through dominator's systems and live) and upgrade them with micromodules to the point of usefulness. The real game starts then (you will get a ton of exp/badges by the time you will be ready for combat) only for you to discover that either:- evil ones are too strong and you will have to reconquer dozen of systems (gets very boring very soon, especially since they fight back trying to instantly recapture the system) just to get a chance to get to their homeworlds and destroy bosses- they have been reduced to just a few systems and there is no one left to fight (game will end in next few years)Music 1/5I will give this poor rating for what have been done in HD edition.In original game, music was in .dat format, you could listen to it outside of the game and with some tinkering replace the few poor track with something better. This is no longer the case in HD edition - everything is packed into pkg file.Therefore you are forced to listen to few very good tracks and then be interrupted with few really, really crappy.There is simply nothing you can do with that, as touching game files is out of the question.It's either turning the music off altogether and playing it out of soundtrack (really, a soundtrack was added as a standalone?) or suffering it while you will be pulling your hairs out during some intense (and by that I mean hundreds of missiles aimed at you) space combat.It's 2014 and steam workshop is alive and kicking, yet devs of this game are becoming increasingly paranoid about anyone who buys their stuff actually trying to get more fun out of it by cheating/modding.As such I can't recommend HD edition to you.Get yourself SR2:Reboot, play it, cheat the most annoying parts of it (and there are many), have fun.You won't have much fun here, once you will understand how little profit you can make by trading/missions and see the price tag for decent equipment and how shockingly imbalanced SR really is. This game simply becomes a grind for gold way too soon and stays that way until almost the end.Also some difficulty settings are no longer available on start - they have been moved to 'advanced settings' and using them means your score will not be posted (WTF, really?!). Yes IT IS THAT STUPID AS IT SOUNDS!So in conclusion - there are other titles for you to play for 18€ that you will enjoy much better. This one is not worth that much money.For less than a 5€ however you might give it a go, just don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed.You are warned."
,Not Recommended,214730,13740927,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Rogueboy,"First time I've played a game like this so I'll give you my thoughts on the breakdown;I feel that while the game is smooth and I haven't run into any real bugs however the learning curve on this game is a difficult one; Even on normal the enemies seem to be overpowered and it makes combat seem undesireable without first coming up with a diplomatic gameplan of where you want to be 1000 turns in the future, which of course first requires some gaming experience.While I do like the originality in having to know when to pick your battles I feel that its an entirely frustrating experience learning what you can and cannot beat."
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,214730,26170521,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,SugarySnax,"I've played some trading games and I've played some turn based games (gal civ2 and Patrician). I could not figure out what was going on in Space Rangers. The fonts are small and hard to read. As far as I can see there is no tutorial. I picked a race. I stopped in at a store and got totally confused by what was going on. I think I was buying things and I overloaded my ship but I never saw where  my max load was recorded. I managed to take some things off and got the ship ready for launch. I picked out a destination, at least I think I did and then I took a turn. Time moved on. I could see the date change but I was still in the same building as far as I can tell. If I moved through a vast space and went somewhere else I would have liked to arrive in a place that looked different and maybe seen myself traveling. I expected to see a ship on a map move or something to give me some sense that I was going somewhere. I had no idea where I wanted to go or why I'd want to go anywhere. I read some of the news. They talked about deals somewhere. Nothing appealed so I just decided to go somewhere to see what it would be like.Anyhow, I was so unenthused that I quit. I may give it another try but I don't see the attraction of this game. The various screens have nicely drawn artwork. Very inventive. It looks like they knew what they were doing but they just couldn't be bothered to lead new people through some of the gameplay so they could experience the game. They did have time to put up single spaced walls of text that could make you go blind the lines are so long.I was also annoyed by trying to find the guides on steam in english. The english speaking market buys a lot of games, developers. It might be worth it to show a little competence. There is an in game ""help"". I guess that means reading help goes towards your two hours of trying the game so you might just get stuck with this game because all you did was read the help page. Not cool."
,Not Recommended,214730,14156388,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DivideByZero,"Very good example of terrible sequel. This is what may happen when code monkeys take source code of the great game and try to change it to make money. Yes, do not be confused, this sequel had been made by students, not by developers of the original title. I am not going to tell you about terrible balance, other reviewers did it already. Just set autosave feature to 1 day and game will start to freeze every turn on SSD drive instead of 10 turns(by default). Looks like terrible coders have never heard about threads and parallel execution. Is it so hard to implement save of the game progress in background?If you can live with freezes in the game, you can try it. I would prefer playing previous versions of this game made by professionals."
76561198067959266,Not Recommended,214730,32347975,Posted: 11 June,all,Scuba,"This game touches on a lot of genres that I enjoy: space sim, resource management, RTS, RPG. Unfortunately, none of them are executed well."
76561198007513026,Not Recommended,214730,14106921,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,malcolmmackay224,"I bought this game because I was under the impression it was developed by the same team that developed the Kings Bounty series, which is a great series.I don't know whether it is the same developer, but I do know that this game is as bad as Kings Bounty is good. I started reading the manual, which is of very little help. The interface in the game is extremely complex and badly designed, Normally I would be willing to put the effort into learning a game but this game is so bad it's not worth it."
,Recommended,214730,12360661,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Phalanstère,What is this game? That's for you to find out!
76561198024337751,Not Recommended,214730,13848934,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,jurgann,Game was a waste of $4.99 it is russian and would not run and there is zero support for it.
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,214730,29529684,Posted: 27 January,all,Penitenziagite,"This may have been a great game, a long long time ago. By now it's just a slow-paced old-school 2D space game - very disappointing compared to e.g. Star Conflict. Thre are even ""Text Missions"" - such as a racing game based on multiple choice text segments instead of actual racing. ""Kill Pirate xyz"" missions where it's near impossible to actually find that guy in time, and if you find him he's bound to have a faster ship and escape. Space combat is a weird and long-term boring mix between real-time and turn-based. Sure, it has some decent elements concerning ship development, but it's strained efforts in being ""funny"" concerning the intercultural relations, while at the same time being ""serious"" about the dominator threat kills the mood for me every time. Not worth the time & money, IMHO."
76561198001078133,Not Recommended,214730,26110025,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Soylent,"So I tried this game - picked it up on sale at some point -  and the first time I played it the TUTORIAL missions sent me to a planet where two enemies attacked and killed me.""That's a bit ♥♥♥♥ed..."" I think to myself.  ""How was I supposed to know they were the enemy?  They had no markings, they just made a bee line for my ship as soon as I entered the system.  Fine, at least I know they're coming, I can be ready for them"".Yeah, nah, you're ♥♥♥♥ed.  Your guns can't do any significant damage to them and your shields are like butter""Maybe I'm doing something wrong.  Perhaps I went to the wrong planet?""  Nope, your Instructor decided to send you to a planet orbited by two guys who want nothing more than to ♥♥♥♥ up your day.So I give it up as a bad idea.Decided to give it another try today.  New game, knowing my instructor is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who will sell me out.  Upgrade shields, weapons and engines...Still ♥♥♥♥ed.  Bad guys are even tougher than they were the first time, and I'm somehow doing even less damage.And all this is still in the first three missions of the tutorial.  Aparently all it is going to teach you is that the game, which looks like it could have been a fun top-down space epic, is ♥♥♥♥ed.Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,214730,13154655,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,jimkatai,"The pirates are broken. I've gotten ambushed and destroyed twice during the tutorial mission. Pretty sure that's a little over-aggressive. Fix the pirates and I can recommend it. As it stands, everything in this game is beautiful but the pirates, and they break the game."
,Not Recommended,214730,13037013,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mori,"I really want to like this game, but there's a serious lack of polish (despite this being the third major content update!) that makes this game like pulling teeth after awhile. I do enjoy how non-linear it is, but apparently if you don't follow a very sharp level of progression you'll soon be destroyed.Also, planetary battles take hours to do, you can't save midway, and the AI cheats."
76561198100097056,Not Recommended,214730,32495253,Posted: 16 June,all,Starcrawler,"Years after release and it still requires patching, it is indicative of either bad development or bad design. I'm opting with bad design and blaming the game engine but you never know. Game play wasn't bad, not much of a story line and lots of rinse and repeat missions ... it is a good oldie but not worth much in today's terms"
76561197987772532,Not Recommended,214730,32191675,Posted: 4 June,all,sensej.pl,Nope
,Not Recommended,214730,13059908,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Linver,"The game is funny but crash random, it's very noise, is unplayable, i think that i have lost my money in this in this purchase."
,Not Recommended,214730,13404561,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Larania,Game is good..40 hours ingame already but achievement count doesn't update at all. still filled with bugs and glitchesultra super crash 11/10
76561198000925963,Not Recommended,214730,11630541,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Omnislash,unbalanced and cheating as hell. doubt that developers at least tried to play it
76561198005487184,Not Recommended,214730,11675196,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,오렌지,it's a good game if it was ten years ago
,Not Recommended,214730,12989203,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SoulSurgeon,Couldnt get into it...fighting was VERY awkward...I turned it off twice.  Wont be turning it on again...
76561198004438601,Not Recommended,214730,32799067,Posted: 25 June,all,Zalhanan,Meh.  Terrible tutorials.  Tons of text.  High Learning curve.  boring.
76561198027423572,Not Recommended,214730,9858682,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,balefirez,"I really wanted to like this game.  No, I REALLY wanted to like this game.  It reminded me of another space exploration/ combat/ merchant game I used to love to play called Escape Velocity.  This was slightly different, what with the turn based movement/ combat and a RTS-type aspect with the ground combat.  But I thought that would just add to the enjoyment.My biggest problem with this game (and the reason I uninstalled it) is that they tell you nothing about anything.  You are thrown to the wolves from day one.  They do have a minor tutorial that ""instructs"" you how to play.  It took me dying 5 times in the tutorial (THE TUTORIAL) to realize that most of the useful information is displayed as a microscopic toolbar down in the bottom left of your screen.  After I saw that, I actually managed to make it past the tutorial only to die promptly thereafter to a random pirate (this wasn't in hard mode, mind you).  Also, there are so many little markings and symbols that don't have a description.  These things should be helping you, but instead just make me ask, ""Why give me descriptors that are in no way descriptive or helpful?""  There are 2 very different combat modes (one of which they don't bother explaining at all).  All-in-all, this game was just massively frustrating.This could be an AMAZING game.  All they would have to do is help you understand how the game works.  Instead, they throw you the (incomplete) Dummies guide to brain surgery and say, ""good luck, sucker.""  I will gladly pick it up again if I learn that they have added an actual descriptive explanation of how to play the game."
76561198027117789,Not Recommended,214730,8412847,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,issuefree,Poor interface. Poor gameplay. Poor graphics. Do not buy.
76561198037867687,Recommended,214730,18032274,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Odineous,"Had a problem with local files being corrupted which caused constant crashing.  I'm assuming because of an incompatibility with a patch.  After deleting the local saves in documents through, game has been running smoothly.  It's just as addicting and amusing as I remembered.  I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes going from puny poor loser to champion of the galaxy, while dying about 15,000 times along the way."
,Recommended,214730,17512903,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Hank Moody,"It's classic, that still rocks. Still looks pretty awesome, still has the best UI I've ever seen in a game. Still can spend days in it, just like the old days.10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,214730,18065473,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,SnowRaven,A great classic - I played the original version and this HD version is a stellar improvement. Great turn-based combat and resource management/RPG mechanics. The side quests are also very challenging and interesting.
,Recommended,214730,7470519,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,[HP] Pessime,"Space roguelike with graphics. Played it all the time when I was younger, still play it now.Definitely worth getting on a sale."
76561197976838273,Recommended,214730,18050112,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,SkunkDave,"I've already put hundreds if not thousands of hours into this game, so when I saw continued interest and some new features for Steam I was seriously pumped. Long story short, this is a universe that really moves and lives on its own without you. I've rushed across galaxies to pick up a new warp drive just to see another ranger get there before me and buy it. I've escaped Galaxies just before they were crushed under robotic oppression. It really is just a great idea and executed well. I wish more games and even other genres would take pointers in their open worlds. Really the only criticism I can give is the ground battles are a little bit uninspired for an rts... they have some good ideas but it just gets very repetitive. But there is literally an option in the game to skip them and never play them, so it's just another example of how they are in touch with their audience."
76561198007324938,Recommended,214730,18305841,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"Very fun little game with a unique blend of action shooter and text based adventures (in space). Very light rpg components, but it remains a shooter at its heart.  Makes for a wonderful new experience, although it will get old eventually.Price could be lower."
,Recommended,214730,17281877,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Novembxr,Entered art contest and won and saved the galaxy10/10Would draw Hitler again
,Recommended,214730,6678652,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,ex47,Норм шпила. Олдскул.
76561198032119634,Recommended,214730,17422880,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,sngrmns,"SR2 is my favorite game and I think it's timeless.  I usually don't replay single-player games more than once, but I've had Space Rangers 2 for 10 years and I still have to come back to it at least once a year, whether it's to pick up one of many old save files or to start anew.  This latest version, A War Apart, took me by surprise and I think it adds a lot to an already fantastic game."
76561197996176206,Recommended,214730,17528952,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ENVY,Culminating game of the series10 liberated sectors of 10
76561198006773050,Recommended,214730,16542312,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TargetStalker,I used to have this game on a cd. I dumped hundreds of hours into it. I love the text based missions. Picked it up on sale. I can't wait for a good window to dump some more hours into this HD version.
76561198014495605,Recommended,214730,17462966,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zorus,I've played a lot of games. I know a lot of gamers. I've never met one who owned this game and didn't love it. What else is there to say?
76561198086833715,Recommended,214730,18406088,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Angel of Death,"this game is really sic, all kinds of cool features, word quests, you can sell narcotics in space across galaxies... pretty cool.. would get if on sale (espeically rn its 2.50ish$$$)"
76561198017484504,Recommended,214730,18350235,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,terrak,"This game is like a bunch of minigames all thrown together.  The main game is a spaceship/trading game,  you upgrade your ship and fight in turn based combat.  There's a lot of freedom you can be a pirate or trader for example,  different ships have different strenghts.  There's also a bunch of ""text quest"" minigames which are completely optional but can give you good amounts of credits to upgrade your ship,  some are really good but others are a bit tedious.   There's also optional RTS missions which I don't like much but they are short and give good rewards so I'll try each once and skip it if fail once.  The game is a bit of a mixed bag but the main game is solid and oddly addicting.  Early on you have to rely a lot on other rangers and military ships to fight the dominators (evil AI) but you can eventually become very powerful and hire up to 6 NPC ships and capture enemy systems by yourself."
,Recommended,214730,27311181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,interreto,I like this game but haven't time to play :) Also I hate planet battle :)
76561198050773523,Recommended,214730,27338395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Humsas,"One of the best turn basted Sci-fi strategy games I played.This game has lots of side games and they are pretty fun. Maybe RTS part would need some fixes, but it is still fun to play.I would recomend this game for anyone who likes turn based strategy and RPG elements."
76561198096043959,Recommended,214730,27142675,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trailblazer,"It's amazing how simplistic graphics can lead to a game such addictive, deep and replayable as this. A hidden gem indeed."
,Recommended,214730,27157694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flamenko,"Great soundtrack, addictive quests, space, pirates and black holes. Welcome"
76561198094699502,Recommended,214730,27124162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Smoking_GNU,A great game with plenty to do. Played it for years now and i get back to it every year.
,Recommended,214730,27346464,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,den,"2016 Nomination review for ""A game within a game"" AwardWhy not so many minigames, text adventures, RTS battles, and Black hole arcade challenges.Old game still being updated and improved."
,Recommended,214730,26961793,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HKEY_LOVECRAFT,"When people ask what kind of game SR2 is and I answer RPG, they typically respond with a slightly bewildered look. No, it's not an action game. It's not a top-down space strategy game. It's an RPG, where the only real difference is that instead of Ilumminating Greaves of Illumination that increase your light radius, you're installing a TR52 Pulsing Sensor that allows you to see 3km farther than your old LV23 Strobing Sensor. Weapon slots = gun slots. Shielding = chest armor. Ship hull = (hybrid) defense and inventory space. Destroyed ships drop loot or the galactic equivalent of gold. You get quests from NPCs. You sell stuff you've found for stuff you want. It's a classic RPG hidden beneath a facade of galactic space-faring. And it's better off for it."
76561198042182610,Recommended,214730,27012858,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shikigami,"Game is just good. especially the text-based quest. I always feel hyped whenever I talk to a mission giver and I discover it's going to be one. only negative would probably be the surface rts missions, as the ai seems to have near infinite resources making you struggle to go on offensively in them."
,Recommended,214730,26767119,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DedicatedDdos,Oldie but Goldiespace sim - checkstrategy game - checktext based adventures - checkopen world rpg - checknostalgia - checkstill good.
76561197991587929,Recommended,214730,26825795,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tim,"Really fun, challenging game!!"
76561198069391918,Recommended,214730,26978092,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DesertEos,"Probably the most freedom I've ever had in a sci-fi space game, you can do alot of things such as be a war hero while occasionally working as a part-time delivery boy that also sells weapons to pirates on the side.The combat is simple but pretty interesting during the later stages of the game, and the quests themseleves can be pretty amusing, from the way their described to sometimes what you have to do.The trading is, again, relatively simple but still complex enough that you won't be bored of it for a long while, it certainly alot more fleshed out than trading in most other games that don't focus on it.The music is ambient and fits the tone of the game.And the minigames are pretty fun themselves, with only planetary battles being a mixed bag for me due to how they work strategically.All in all I say you'll get you moneys worth out of this game, and probably more."
,Recommended,214730,27083925,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[M.I] Riynion,Bought it out of nostalgia and boy does the new graphics better the game! would love to see a sequel to continue the story!
,Recommended,214730,27025116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,"If you are not familiar with the franchise, Space Rangers offers a compelling mix of open world RPG, real time strategy, text puzzles and more.If you are familiar with the franchise,Space Rangers HD: A War Apartis actuallySpace Rangers 2: Dominatorswith additional content and support for more modern resolutions.Don't be fooled by my number of hours played - I have also played Space Rangers 2: Dominators a bunch before this version came to Steam.This game is great. Well worth the price of admission IMHO."
,Recommended,214730,26836920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Rapist Corn Cob,"This is the perfect turn-based RPG. Lots of customability in buidsl and equipment, lots of roles to play inside the game world. 3 interesting and challenging ""Mini-games"" (RTS-Mode; Text-adventure & Arcade Shooter). Nice difficulty curve and adjustablility.Nice humor with loads of references. Definitly is one of those games you can easily sink 100s of hours into and still discover new stuff"
,Recommended,214730,26845407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrStump,Its a good game. I have fun. You too maybe?
,Recommended,214730,26894894,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slossius,A great hidden gem with lots of variety and replayability. I'll never stop being terrible at the RTS missions though...
76561197992878185,Recommended,214730,26904734,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,piSHOCK,I have been coming back to this game every year for over ten years. A testament to Space Rangers' charming genius.
76561198013174604,Recommended,214730,26838584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shibo,Unique and awesome.
,Recommended,214730,27101270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SteaN,"This is one of the best games of the space, fight, trade, explore and most importantly think (a lot of good quests)"
,Recommended,214730,27379980,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,flying_stranger,"Ye good ol game, with incredible attention to details, for those who like the romantics of the space and are not in hurry to play.Unfortunately, the HD only means an increase of the view field. The game controls size is very, very small, making the game unplayable on HiDPI screens."
,Recommended,214730,2540539,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Diglibob,Переиздааааааание!!
,Recommended,214730,27685876,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,alucardblack,"Oh, I've spent so many hours, days, weeks in this game. It's perfect in almost any aspect. OST (I had the entire soundtrack from this game in my mp3-player once), quests, planet battles, text quests. You can choose your storyline and play as you want not as game tells you to play. You can be a pirate, merchant or a ranger. And, ohhh, there are so many jokes in Space Rangers you can't even imagine. I highly recommend Space Rangers. If you like space, great humor, non-linear storyline and have a lot of free time this game should be in your library."
76561198134539767,Recommended,214730,27874024,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BeamZappa,Outstanding game.
,Recommended,214730,28037162,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Telecrab,One of the best space RPG of all time.
76561197994240376,Recommended,214730,27893412,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D3vine,I want Space rangenrs 3  PLEASE
,Recommended,214730,21857164,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Zairev,"Theres just so much stuff to do in this game, and its hard af. Like all older games. Love it :f"
76561198073092169,Recommended,214730,23023937,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wungle,"Choose a faction, move through space trading and fighting.  Upgrade components in space craft or upgrade hull that will allow for more specialization.Lot's of text puzzle mini-games that require some thought.  Also can play planet based mini-game with robots to take over nodes that give supplies that allow you  to build more robots with customized attachments.Pretty good."
,Recommended,214730,22922905,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,/dev/null,An awesome game to which you can return again and again and again trying to play it in different ways so that each new attempt is not the same as previous.
,Recommended,214730,22947467,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,F Λ U S T,"Had this game for years, ever since i was about 7, then got the HD version on steam. Definitely the best RTS/space-strategy game that I have ever had the pleasure of playing. You can tell this game was made with passion and  careful consideration and is a gem for any steam library. I wish it was being ported to mac but that's probably way too much to ask. I'm very surprised to see that a game this old and this niche is still receiving updates. It just goes to show how the devs put their heart and soul into this game. If you are even thinking about buying this game, just do it; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,214730,20219267,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mustangua,An offline game that makes you feel like you're playing in MMORPG. Amazing feel of freedom. Totally recommended.
76561198038637430,Recommended,214730,20604776,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,jparker_cebu,This series is one of my favorites. It's simple but very addictive to play.  I only wish they would make more but with a little better graphics.
76561198088325556,Recommended,214730,21730031,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,i want to believe,[eng] Happiness of playing Space Rangers HD: A War Apart never ends. Highest replayability. Hard difficulty. Deep atmosphere. And the most valuable component - the mesmerizing music.[rus] Неиссякаемый источник счастья от игры. Самая высокая реиграбельность. Предельный уровень сложности. Глубокая атмосфера. И наиболее ценный показатель для меня - завораживающая музыка.
76561198007244783,Recommended,214730,21731781,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,[95th] Harry_Martin,"So far a good game...graphics are very limited, but the game play makes up for that.I have only been playing a few hours.  It's a little bit like a 2D basic version of Elite."
76561198074334293,Recommended,214730,21642271,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,kapi360,what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198069730372,Recommended,214730,20029654,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Crimsonguard,"Very good game, I have been playing Space Rangers since the first game released and it only gets better and better. I wish they make another one."
76561198047348518,Recommended,214730,5280247,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Roland Deschain,nice
76561197970597310,Recommended,214730,21553078,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Chaosegg,"Latest Space Rangers game. Loved them, love this. Check it out if you like turn-based space games."
76561197984728772,Recommended,214730,18545565,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Jefe,"At some point 10 or 15 years ago, I found SR : Rise of the Dominators in a discount bin and bought it on a whim. And then my wife got out of bed at 3am to find me still playing. So that didn't go over too well.Imagine my delight (and my wife's horror) at finding it expanded. Well - it's 3am. Life lost again - joy."
76561198082902421,Recommended,214730,21233875,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,[BigBrother].Wisalathi,it seems that i'm addicted to this one (LoL)
76561198062237256,Recommended,214730,31988625,Posted: 26 May,all,Manvswilde,"Although I only have 11ish hours on this game, I have had about 5 starts, each time I get better and the game is easier. Whatever you do, do not start this game thinking you are going to be a fighter pilot, it will not happen quickly. I have encountered no bugs or gameplay issues, lots of fun to play straight or quick little goes."
,Recommended,214730,27519386,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arhinell,"Buy, install, start...Than realize, that this is a great game for Space-maniacs and Text-quest-lovers.Interesting planet battles, huge amount of ship-equipment, wonderfull mini-quests.Even after end, there is still fun!GOOD LUCK, COMMANDER!"
76561198042201044,Recommended,214730,27511966,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gendelf.END,"Great GameTurn-Based , 2D Space-combatA War apart adds new weapons, ships, quests and morealready played Space Rangers 2 alot and now you even have achievements9/10"
,Recommended,214730,27502458,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NucLeuS^,Spent 100s of hours playing the non steam version. Very addicting game
76561198062450009,Recommended,214730,32233327,Posted: 6 June,all,Feo,"First, let me be frank to say that my review is for the original version that I had pleasure playing 10+ years ago, i have no idea what the devs managed to improve, or (more likely) to break in the HD version. I still got an old cd lying somewhere, but let's be honest - I doubt I'll partake in that revelry any time soon.TL;DR Like future sandbox spaceships rpg/rts/text quests? Try it!I've spend many-many hours in the world of the grim but oh-so-cute future of the XXXIV century. In the ""new"" (""old"" being Space Rangers 1) installation of that Russian-made acclaimed game series we fight robots!The Good Stuff- Large, everchanging sandbox. Dosens of star systems, hundreds (or around so) planets, different space stations- Beautiful art- You can make credits by mining- You can make credits by trading (10-20 types of trading stuff)- You can make credits by robbin' traders- You can make credits by robbin' robbers- You can make credits killing absolutely everything (military, fellow rangers, pirates, robots, genestealer aliens(?))- You can go to jail (a special text quest)!- You can make credits by doing TEXT QUESTSIt's one of the types of minigames I absolutely adored. For me it breathed in life into the already vibrant galaxy.The not so Good Stuff- I'm was not a big fan of the other minigame - planetary rts battles. The battles are pretty well done, reminded me of total annihilation knock off. The were more or less fun, but I kinda did not get why a Ranger should do this.- They basically removed another minigame. In SR1 every time you travelled between systems you had an option of investigating ""warps"" or something where you'd get attacked by pirates/aliens in a 2d top down space shooter arena. It used to be real nice - all weapon types were different, you had augmentations, etc. In SR2 the only time (AFAIK) you can do this is one of the choices to fight some end-boss. And if you choose this you'd need a lot of vim to push throug as the fight is quite challenging and it is going to your first fight.- Some jokes/easter eggs might seem dumb- I did not really like to fight robots"
76561197981004608,Recommended,214730,884128,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,magic2k,Офигенно. Остался старый дух первой игры. покупай @ проходи
,Recommended,214730,35363745,Posted: 30 September,all,۞P۞a۞i۞n۞w۞e۞a۞v۞e۞r۞,"Love this game!Though a little different from my other fav space game, Star Control, but the interaction with other alien species, spaceships, modifications, etc in Space Rangers is definitely worth the time and money.In short, awesome game. Worth the money!"
