user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,214770,7728531,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"Guacamelee is a platforming luchadorean adventure where you must rescue your senorita bonita from the devious and hellish Calaca.I fully completed the game, with all 60 achievements, in 20 hours. The game was incredibly fun. During the normal playthrough, the keys move and feel great, and the abilities are all super fun and responsive and fitting. The bosses were interesting, and the game was satisfying.After completion, I enjoyed going around, completing the area and the zones, which was so enjoyable I decided to just complete the entire game again in Hard mode!Hard mode, however, was a surprise, as parts of it were genuinely hard! Usually, as a longtime gamer, I'll find hard mode to simply be ""normal"" level of difficulty, but in Guacamelee the bosses and, later on in the last zones, even the mobs, are incredibly challenging, which again gives a satisfying edge for further completion.I'd highly recommend this game at any price, but as it's an older game it will undoubtedly be on sale soon, so ensure you pick up this very fun and engaging title when it is!Nilesy"
,Recommended,214770,7754117,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro8x6hGY3fsThe metroidvania subgenre's popularity has erupted with the popularity of downloadable titles and the burgeoning indie scene. Their emphasis on exploration and character building make them instant favorite for those looking for those looking for retro gaming experiences with contemporary flavor. In addition to that contemporary flavor, Guacamelee is also spiced with chili powder and served with a shot of tequila. It's a south of the border styled adventure packed with plenty of platforming and pugilism as well as a sexy senorita in distress. It also might be, surprisingly, one of the best games you will play all year.You play as a simple agave farmer named Juan who finds himself having the worst Día de los Muertos celebration ever when and evil Charro named Calaca abducts El Presidente's daughter and sends Juan to the underworld. In a small stroke of luck Juan is resurrected and transformed into a luchadore so that he may rescue El Presidente's daughter and stop Calaca from wreaking havoc among the living. The plot is Guacamelee is what pico de gallo is to a taco, it provides color and flavor but certainly isn't the main attraction. The healthy dose of humor and Mexican culture and folklore do distinguish Guacamelee from its contemporaries however and give it a unique ambiance.Unlike most metroidvania styled games, Guacamelee places a huge emphasis on platforming and some optional areas have an almost Super Meat Boy like difficulty requiring quick and precise actions to traverse the obstacles laid out. Most of Juan's offensive repertoire doubles as a means to navigate the environment. A Street Fighter style flaming uppercut acts as a super jump, a charging maneuver that can be devastating to your foes is also effective when it comes to smashing blocks. By the end of the game these abilities can be combined into lengthy, deadly combos and used to reach far off platforms. Juan also eventually gains the ability to swap between the world of the living and the world of the dead and much like The Gianna Sisters, things change between worlds, opening up new passageways and allowing Juan to reach previously inaccessible areas.The fundamentals of combat are simple enough on the surface with one button throwing punches, another dedicated to special attacks and one used to grapple enemies once enough damage has been doled out. Grapples are very effective for crowd control since once an enemy is in Juan's grasp the game slows down and an arrow indicates where your foe will be tossed and throwing your enemies into each other is always a good idea. Special grapple maneuvers can also be purchased at the games save points for additional offensive options. Costumes, health and stamina upgrades are also available for purchase. Combat starts out simple enough but over the course of the game's six or so hours enemy types are mixed up and combined with the platforming ca pose a satisfactory challenge. Some enemies have shields that require a particular special to bring down. Bosses also challenge your mastery of Juan's skills and many offer multiple phases.As with any metroidvania game backtracking is a necessity if you want to grab every secret that Guacamelee has to offer and this is made painless as a result of a fantastic map and plentiful fast travel points. Blocks that require specific abilities to break are color coded and their location is marked on your map making them easy to find on repeat visits once Juan has the proper skills to smash them. Chests are also marked on the map. Rounding out the distractions are a handful of side missions who can be found by talking to the citizens of the two towns you are able to visit. These missions involve everything from simple mini games to talking to every citizen in an effort to gather the ingredients necessary to make the world greatest enchilada. The only problem with these side missions is that they are very centralized and don't really require any exploration. It's easy to complete most of them within a matter of minutes."
,Recommended,214770,18183854,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Tom,"Guacamelee is an action platformer that was released in August 2013, published and developed by DrinkBox Sudios. Originally pinned as a Sony exclusive on the PS3 and Vita, it was however later ported to PC before eventually getting the ""Gold Edition"" releasing on all of the platform in mid 2014. Guacamelee is heavily based on Mexican culture and lore.You play the role of Juan, a powerful luchador fighter. You will be fighting various different enemies in this platforming metroidvania style game. You start off with a very basic arsenal of attacks which you can pull off such as a basic three attack combo, but eventually you can work you way up to combos which can consist of eight plus button presses! (I never managed to pull off one of these more than once). Juan will also learn a various number of ""out of combat"" skills, such as wall jumping and the ability to turn into a chicken. The platforming element of Guacamelee was probably the most annoying for me, mainly because I am just terrible at the genre, but I found the jumping puzzles to be just tedious and grew very thin on my patience at times.  The fighting side of the game is done very well; the combo system and special moves you can pull off are all really well done - some fights you will end up getting swamped by enemies, but it won't matter since you can throw together a number of punches which will just knock them out with ease.Graphically, there isn't too much to shout about, it's a 2d side scroller so generally nothing spectacular is going to be seen, however the art style on show is gorgeous. This really portrays the Mexican style of game extremely well, and is probably the game's best feature. It looks very similar to the recent release of ""The Book of Life"" from 2014. Whilst it has a cartoon look to it, there is still an element of maturity and darkness in some of the scenes.The plot in Guacamelee! was nice. It is your typical adventure style story, the humble farmer who is in love with the El Presidente's daughter, the daughter then gets kidnapped, and it is your task to rescue her so you can live happily ever after.  The plot is very well thought out, offers a couple of cliffhangers and interesting twists and turn a long the way. Guacamelee also has a couple of comical moments in too to lighten the mood.Guacamelee is another game which doesn't have voice acting in; I would really of liked to have seen (or heard) it included, because there is quite a bit of text to read through and I would of thought that having voice acting would make people get more immersed into this wonderful world on show. Having said that, the sound track is amazing. It is playing pretty much constantly throughout the game, and it never wears thin.As I said above, the I found the platforming side of the game to be the most annoying, mainly because it is super difficult to progress in the game due to a number of jumping puzzles which had me close to rage quiting a number of times. Eventually you will get past them, it just takes perseverance and a lot of patience (something I am slowly finding out that I don't have very much of).  Most of the fight scenes are easily mastered and you probably won't find your self dying an awful lot in this game. The opportunity to raise the difficulty level may change this though, which is something more confident veteran combo fighters will want to check out.The world in which Guacamelee is set in, is very well fleshed out. There are plenty of NPCs to interact with, loads of side quests to find and complete, most of which are of no relevance to the main story, and is just an extra way to generate funds. Touching again on the topic of special abilities, you will also find your self backtracking to a degree in the game so you can use the new abilities you have just unlocked to reach places which you couldn't before, to unlock chests, health bonuses etc. You will also find a number of shops scattered around the world where you can purchase health and stamina upgrades along with a number of other power ups.A full playthrough of Guacamelee took me almost eleven hours to complete; this was with the inclusion of the majority of the side quests too. I would say that eleven hours is just the right amount for me. The game also has a local co-op mode which you will find adds a whole new element to the game as well and is certainly worth a second playthrough on this mode, easily touching this game up to the twenty hour mark - and then of course there are the higher difficulty modes you can play on should you desire so. There is plenty of content on offer in Guacamelee to sink your teeth into.No technical issues here; played on 4k resolution, at a steady 60 FPS as should be expected from a 2d side scroller. You will need a controller to play this game to any degree of competency though, simple because the jumping puzzles and combos would just be ridiculously hard to counter on a keyboard. The options menu also includes a wide variety of options when it comes to selecting resolutions and frame rates too, which is always nice to see.In conclusion, Guacamelee! is a really rounded out game, which is certainly one of the best indie titles to come out in recent years. The addition of local co-op makes this game even better, and fans of metroidvania style games really need to check this out. The price of £9,99 is an absolute bargain for the amount of content on show here too.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/214770"
,Recommended,214770,16397426,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RavenEffect,"NOTE:  Before you start, bear in mind that there's a better version that was released later and can be bought for the same price, more or less. I strongly recommend that you check that one. However, if, for some reason, the GOLD edition is on sale and the TURBO isn't, there isnt really THAT MUCH to miss. Newer release here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/275390/?snr=1_5_1100__1100Guacamelee! is a game that brings nothing new to the front table. Its roots are pretty obvious, as it's a game that pays a staggering homage to the likes of Metroid and Castlevania. However, it adds nice puzzle elements and blends everything with such finesse and precision that elevates this game way beyond the ""old school tribute"" that many Indy games seem to be around these days, as it's safe to say, the boys from Drinkbox Studios went the extra mile and dwelled way pass their confort zone.The graphics are amazing, the art has that Comic book feel to it and the colors are warm and well put together. Every character has their own feel and, despite their all sharing that Mexican Luchadore vybe with the masks, skulls and marching mariachis, they have their own sense of indivuality so the game wont bore you with that. Soundtrack is nice as well and the sound effects are really retro, part what I like most about this.Apart from the challenging puzzles, the part that I liked most was certainly the bosses, specially the Leopard fight, it was one of the hardest and most fun I've ever faced.Overall, great game with a nice amount of replay-value."
,Recommended,214770,7718153,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"Guacamelee is likely my favorite title of any video game ever, which makes it a good thing the game that actually bares it is so awesome! Drinkbox Studios, developers of one of my other favorites from recent years, Mutant Blobs Attack, has completely outdone themselves with not only their best creation yet, but one of the most fun and charming games of the year.In a world that all but worships Luchadores, Juan is just a normal guy who hope he may one day have a shot with the governor's daughter. But when a band of demon's attack he is sent on a one way trip to the land of the dead, he must don the mask and become a Luchadore to save his beloved (and as it turns out, the entire world).It's a setup seen a million times, but here it's tweeted and turned into a hilarious and unexpectedly engaging tale. Full of terrific and hilarious writing, as well as fantastic characters that while encompassing cliched roles, are all fully developed and likable (even the villains, crazy as it may sound). If this was a movie I'd have been impressed, but when paired with the great gameplay it's truly an amazing experience.For fans of metroidvanias, this is the equivalent of being serenaded by a mariachi band outside your window. The world strikes the perfect balance between size and navigability,making it almost impossible to get lost but hiding tons of secrets to find. In classic fashion certain areas are blocked off until you collect the requisite move, but what Guacamelee does that not many games of this sort do is make almost every move you gain equally usable in combat and exploration, keeping both parts fresh throughout.The combat system is easy to understand and yet full of depth in how you use it. Only a few buttons are used but combining them can produce a wealth of different moves, and it's up to you to make the most of them to rack up huge combos, or just stick to the basics and punch everyone in the face. Boss fights require a bit more planning in how you approach them, and this does present a slight problem as they put up a much better fight than most of their minions. Thankfully it's usually just a matter of memorizing their patterns in order to finally beat them.Platforming is the other half of the package, and the level designs are outstanding. Utilizing familiar moves like double jumps and wall jumping, they place you in new and creative scenarios that proved a joy to navigate. It's not until you begin to use one the most prominent mechanics though, switching between the world of the dead and that of the living, that the levels really take off. Because some platforms (and in combat, enemies) can only be seen in one realm or the other you have to quickly switch between them as you jump from point to point in an amazing display of platforming genius. Even the early sections top anything Mutant Blobs had to offer, and the quality only goes up from their.A couple of minor playability problems do pop up, with the somewhat clunky controls being chief among them. Because you are required to use the stick and buttons in conjunction with one another to pull off most special moves, it can lead to problems where you are pressing the stink in the opposite direction you need to be heading  often sending you off a cliff or into the path of an enemy. They aren't bad, but they could have been better and make some of the more difficult sections terribly frustrating. I also wish that side-missions were highlighted on your map, as there isn't any indication of them in the game and without the achievements informing me of their existence I'd likely have missed them.Despite these minor issues Guacamelee is an all around excellent experience that makes it easy to gloss over the few rough spots. The art style is brilliant and creative, the gameplay very enjoyable, and the soundtrack a freaking incredible blending of contemporary hip-hop and rock, and traditional Mexican Ranchera music. It's a great deal of fun and incredibly charming though and through, and most of all a game everyone should take the time to play.Viva la Drinkbox!"
,Recommended,214770,32371769,Posted: 12 June,all,Tater Casserole,"Runs well, very pretty, fun for the whole family. 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,214770,8490792,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Soüp,"Guacamelee is a game I can't say enough good things about.  It is a very well-crafted metroidvania game with a great combat system and a very unique setting.  I don't think I've heard of any other games where you play a luchadore.From the graphical style to the music, the writing and the sense of humor, gameplay and combat design, every aspect of this game is top notch.  There are also a lot of references to indie and classic video games such as Super Mario Bros, Castle Crashers, Viva Pinata, and of course, Metroid.  A couple memes are thrown into the mix which may be an issue for some people, but only ones that would reasonably fit the game setting were chosen so I don't think it's a problem.The combat system is fast, fluid, and a lot of fun.  You can pull off some great combos and it even takes some cues from fighting games, adding mechanics like dodge canceling of special moves.  The game also includes a set of alternate costumes you can unlock which affect your combat abilities and strength.If you're a fan of beat-em-up games or metroidvanias, I think you would enjoy this game.  It has definitely become one of my favorites."
,Not Recommended,214770,8601872,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Calico,"I can tell that Guacamelee is an excellent game that many people will enjoy. The art is great, the music is great, and the game is very clever in a lot of places. However, once you get deep into it, everything sort of devolves into a series of contrived and unforgivingly difficult jumping puzzles. They're not particularly hard to figure out, but they are almost certain to be incredibly frustrating to execute.I think the controls are partially to blame. As the game progresses you earn more and more super moves, taking the controls from tight and simple to needlessly complex. Also, my platforming reflexes have dulled with age a bit, so I'm partially to blame. Either way, this is probably one of the hardest games I've played in a very long time, if not ever.The beginning of the game is simple, charming and enjoyable. As it became more difficult it wore out its welcome quickly to the point that I found myself really not enjoying it anymore. If you're young and have the dexterity and patience for this, I highly recommended it. Ultimately for me it gets a thumbs down because my fat thumbs and I were ready to snap the controller in half by the time I decided to stop playing and move on to something more worth my time."
,Recommended,214770,20703220,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Josh,"Thank God for this game.Aside from being wonderfully designed with perfect music, charming characters and a great story, Guacamelee was also my go-to calm-down for a long, long time. I went through a difficult stint of severe panic attacks and anxiety several years ago, and when it got really bad I'd always sit down and play Guacamelee for awhile.You rule, Guac dev team. Love you guys.P.S. Play the game!"
,Not Recommended,214770,9172044,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Nick,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game.  I love the art and design.  I enjoy the light and dark world mechanics.  I like the fighting mechanics (though they can be a bit difficult).  I liked the platforming for a long time too, until I started climbing the Tule Tree…The Tule Tree platforming suddenly feels like I'm playing Super Meat Boy instead of a Metroid-like brawler.  I climbed most of the way up but ended up deleting the game before I thew my controller after failing for the 50th time on a jump/swap/double jump/swap/wall jump/swap/double jump/swap/wall jump/swap/double jump/swap/wall jump/swap/double jump/swap/ move.  Did I mention that if you fail this you probably fall farther down and have to repeat a jump/swap/double jump/wall jump/swap/double jump/wall jump/swap/double jump/wall jump section that is also quite challenging?  (I realize that that long string of moves doesn't make much sense unless you've played this part of the game; just know it's long and requires split second precision).I like challenging games but the difficulty spikes in this one are insane."
,Recommended,214770,32877289,Posted: 27 June,all,BVLoX,The best metroidvania / beat'em up mash-up around.
76561197975217935,Recommended,214770,7612002,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Washushe,"Guacamelee is a really fun Metroid-like platformer with an equipment system similar to Zelda where you earn melee abilities that help you progress through the game. The story is pretty typical ""hero saving the day"" type stuff but its not too heavy so it really doesn't get in the way of enjoying the action of playing. The fighting system is the highlight of this game, and is really intuitive and has a wide set of tools once you start upgrading his/her abilities. Anyone can pick up a controller and join your game at anytime which is really cool, they can also work on upgrading their character as well. The art style in combination with the fiesta style music feels really lively and compelling and is really what helps set this game apart from others like it. The game switches between the real world and an underworld occasionally and that adds some aesthetic complexity. I haven't beat it yet but so far its pretty cool and living up to my expectations, 8/10."
,Recommended,214770,12561432,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Jive Soul Bone,"There's a lot more to wish from indy hitGuacameleebut one thing the game does right, one thing from which all other game companies should learn, one thing so important that it got me to start writing video game reviews on a hopefully weekly basis, and that's GAME DIFFICULTY.Game Difficulty is not an excuse to make players redo the whole stage over and over again because you missed a jump. ""Difficult"" is not adding HP or extra damage to monsters. I swear there are still too many punishing mechanics masked as challenge curves  such as forcing the player to wait or rushing to reclaim everything that you've earned in a previous playthrough. ""Difficult"" makes the player think and plan. ""Difficult"" should challenge the game developer as much as it challenges the player.Guacameleeis difficult, especially if you want the true ending, but it's not punishing. I miss a jump, I go back to the last platform, I try again. THIS IS HOW IT SHOULD BE. THIS IS WHAT EARNS THIS GAME THE THUMBS UP FROM THIS REVIEWER. I never felt like I was wasting any time playing Guacamelee. There's variety in the platforming challenges, introduced by incorporating the special moves that you discover as tools to broaden movement. The Rooster Uppercut introduces double, then triple jumps. The Dashing Derpderp (bad name, I know), brings a horizontal dash and so forth... There's no resource management to worry about (and that's including health management), you just have the platform challenge in its purest form.I'm old. Thirty-five years old. I've played the old NES platformers.There is absolutely nothing good to remember from any of these games.None. I'm gushing because I remember goddamn Castlevania, goddamn Ninja Turtles and goddamn Megaman andGuacamaleeISN'T LIKE THAT. Thank goodness. By the way, that's why every review of Shovel Knight has made me wary of it. Briefly considered it, considered the hype, remembered the old days and went NUH-UH.Ironically, the hard mode of this game is a complete wash. Just more damage from the monsters and more hits required to kill 'em. Kinda breaks the whole point of my review but I really wanted to laud everything else about this game.It really does seem like a fun challenging platformer with monsters thrown in because of course you need monsters to smash. A whole combo tutorial camp and none of its lessons are ever necessary. A game built around luchadors and then you have this weak♥♥♥♥♥combat system. It's kind of a bait-and-switch in that regard: the moves you unlock seem to have a platforming purpose first and an enemy bashing purpose second... Artificial purpose at that, what with the introduction of colored shields to force you to use the appropriately colored attack. That's a juvenile way to handle combat. Boss fights centered on pattern recognition? Yes, that is a hallmark from the platformers of old but that doesn't mean you couldn't add some innovation on it.I ain't mad, and this is coming from a huge wrestling fan who bought the game because he wanted to play a luchador protagonist. The rest of the game made it worth it."
,Recommended,214770,11897702,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,monsterpancake,"This game is the buenoest. I love it so much. Drinkbox is a great developer with a flair for really colorful visual design. (Play Mutant Blobs Attack in case you missed it!!) Also I have a ""thing"" for Dia de la Muerta stuff, so Guacamelee was a no-brainer. Game sat in my library forever because I didn't have time to play it. It's awesome. Stylish, fun, challenging. A couple of the jumping puzzles are just a *bit* too frustrating, AKA no bueno. And I'm not sure how I feel about all the boss fights. But these are quibbles. I beat the game on normal just in time for the Ultimate Edition's launch on Steam. Also don't miss the Workshop stuff. You can reskin the main character as He-Man, the Punisher, etc. Arriba!"
,Not Recommended,214770,9260331,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Duckhunt Doge,"While the game looks and plays smoothly (with a controller), some of the platforming sections are beyond brutal and to add more frustration they decide to just toss random enemies at you while you are stuck doing complicated jumps. With no difficulty settings it can be quite a pain in the butt trying to complete certain sections of the game.If you are a platform fanatic go for it, but the average player just looking for a stress free game, stay far away."
,Recommended,214770,7913662,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Bergthor Gunnlæifsson,"Guacamelee is a Metroidvania-style game with a strong emphasis on platforming and brawling. As with other games in this genre, you have some freedom to explore the world, with access to new areas controlled by gaining new abilities. Exploring this beautiful Mexican art inspired world is made easy with the game's great map system and fast travel points. Blocked areas that require specific abilities to enter are color coded and are marked on the map making them easy to go back to once you have the ability to break them.The platforming sections are mostly challenging. You'll be combining precision jumping, special moves, roll/dodge, and switching worlds to reach distant platforms. The combat provides a good challenge as well, and as a luchador you will punch and grapple your way through different enemy types that you'll be facing in bunches. As you go deeper in the game, these enemies will have different types of shields requiring a certain type of move to break. Some will also exist in one world or the other and you must be in the correct world to attack them.It took me around 8 hours to finish this in my first playthrough, but there's some replay value to it as you can play as other characters with different attributes. There are also some side quests, collectibles, and you can continue exploring the world after you've beaten the final boss. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214770,23759388,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jamison,"Guacamelee! Gold Edition is gorgeous. It's interesting. It's full of pop culture references. It's polished. It's rewarding. It'sfun. But most of all, it'schallenging, in both good and bad ways.I'm not usually interested inor any good atbrawling games where hit combos are the focus and often the key to victory. I gave up on Arkham Asylum for those reasons. But Guacamelee!'s combat system is relatively easy to learn, remember, and execute (with a gamepad), even as more and more depth is added. The game made me work to, ahem, ""get good,"" and my fingers definitely imprinted some muscle memories onto my brain, but it was worth the mental and digital effort. Beating the marrow out of skeletons is fun! Dying a dozen times at the hands of the same boss can be frustrating, but figuring out the attack patterns and necessary reactions and finallybeating the bad guyis so...satisfying. And scoring large combos, while not absolutely necessary for victory, provided me with more upgrade money and therefore incentive to play thoughtfully. I felt less like I was mashing buttons and more like I had a plan, even if I didn't always carry it out perfectly.The game does a great job of acclamating the player to the additional combat and platforming mechanics that are introduced as the story is told. I was happy to fail in the face ofand then adapt tothe new challenges. But by the end of the game I had hit my own personal skill ceiling. If you're more skilled than me, well, carry on, my wayward agave farmer, but I had had enough.The combat and platforming involved in the main story is of moderate difficulty, but some of the optional platforming puzzles and combat challenges are tedious and frustrating, if not almost impossible, especially near the end of the game. While I had failed earlier platforming challenges 30+ times but kept plugging away until I succeeded, I simply gave up on many of the later challenges, particularly in the tree tops and the hallways of hell.I'm typically a completionist when it comes to achievements, secrets, unlocks, etc., in video games. Like collectable pocket monsters, I want to get them all if I can, even if it takes a large amount of time and effort. But not this time. Sure, revisiting areas to explore previously inaccessible nooks was worth my time. It was enjoyable to do what I couldn't do before. But I'm simply not skilled or patient enough to attain a 100% completion rating.Guacamelee! broke my will and spirit. It taught me my limits. But it also taught me I could be successful while playing a 2D brawling platformer. No, I'll never unlock all of the achievements. I'll never access that golden elevator. And I'll never collect all the pieces of the Luchador mask. But I had fun beating one boney♥♥♥♥♥after another after another."
,Not Recommended,214770,22995444,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,yung slynn1,Buy Super Championship? The two are the exact same just this is older and not as well optimised.
76561198080118624,Recommended,214770,22511628,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,mjozerov,"This is simply an amazing game.There are so many great aspects of Guacamelee! I will make your decision easy and just list them.-entertaining story-charming world-beautiful graphics that burst into life-great sound effects and fun music-gameplay has a nice balance of action, platform, and other unique elements-combat is fluid and dynamic-smooth controls10/10"
,Recommended,214770,8432878,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,coldfrog,"Guacamelee is part beat-em-up, part challenging platformer and part Metroidvania explorer.  Does this sound like an appealing combination to you?  Yes?  Then just get it right now, because you will enjoy it.Every part of this game is well done and polished.  The combat is smooth and gives a good feeling of advancement, doling out new abilities that both add to the fun of combat and give you an extra bit of exploring power.  The main game is challenging but definitely finishable, though I anticipate some people may have trouble with some of the bosses.  I'm not GREAT at beat-em-up type games but I found that I was able to push through some of the harder parts after no more than a few tries, with very few exceptions (and these exceptions were mainly bosses or challenge areas).  Where it really puts you up against the wall are the optional challenges.  Some are incredibly difficult platforming sections (one actually a little too difficult in my opinion, though I did manage it), others brutal combat sequences.  But these are all optional - Though there are some challenging bits in the main playthrough, for the most part it may only take a little practice to get through these.The exploration is a real joy, though, especially once you get the ability to swap worlds at will.  Dual worlds is not a new concept (Zelda, Castlevania, and plenty of other games have used it), but it is not unwelcome and, even more, fits very well in with the story here.  And, by the way, the story is incredibly simple, and yet, tied with the sense of humor this game has, is well done and does not break the flow of the game.Along with this, the visual style is incredibly bright, well animated and just full of visual treats and silly references.  It doesn't rely on these references to get anything across, they are merely little bonus details, but easily appreciated by fans of games in general.The only criticism I have to offer is that I sometimes feel like combat is too hectic to tell what is going on and that the bosses may have a little bit of a difficulty spike, but other than that I heartily recommend this game.  All the pieces fit together into something fun, light-hearted and well polished."
76561198031765203,Recommended,214770,11708424,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,SleepThieff,"Guacamelee is a sidescrolling fast-paced-mexican-themed-action-fest where you play as a luchador who must battle to reunite the world of the living and the dead in harmony. The influence of Super Nintendo all-time classics such as Zelda: A Link to the Past and Super Metroid are very obvious in Guacamelee.The GOOD:- The graphics are exquisitely beautiful. The bright colors and fun-to-look-at landscapes create a very rich and visually appealing world.- The action is fast and smooth. You can create some crazy insane combos if you learn how to chain them correctly. It reminded me a lot of Street Fighter where, if you can execute, then you can pull off some very satisfying hurt-filled awesomeness.- The music is pretty sweet. It is Mexican themed and a lot of fun to listen to. I would find myself humming these tunes randomly without thinking about it. That's when you know it's done well.The BAD:- Some of the platforming areas can get really difficult and will require you to have patience and good reaction times. Some people may not enjoy this part as it can get a bit frustrating.- It is not required, but a controller is recommended for this game. I personally completed the entire thing with a keyboard, so it's definitely not necessary to have a controller if you are comfortabe with a keyboard. Whatever you prefer.- I can't really think of anything bad about Guacamelee, maybe just a few things to add/improve on. Like maybe making the dojo always open so you can practice combos, little things like that.As a side note, the boss fights can get pretty difficult. They are are all 100% patterns though and you just need to learn their visual/audio cues and how to react to them. You cannot just try to zerg the bosses, you will die. Have some patience and learn their patterns, react accordingly, and you will take them down in no time!Overall, Guacamelee is a lot of fun, very pretty, and is definitely a current era title with some influences from classic Nintento. Guacamelee takes about 8-10 hours to complete.9/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)"
,Recommended,214770,8236543,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Omelette du Fromage,"Awesome game! Excellent graphics, very good soundtrack, challenging platforming, brilliant combat controls and metroidvania  like elements. What more could you want from a game?It has a simple but enjoyable story and is very well constructed. The game is a little short, but has tons of replay value with higher difficult, challenge mode, achievements and secrets. The platforming elements are a bit different in the way that you combine fighting moves to traverse the more challenging segments. You can use an uppercut to get to a higher place, or a side kick to get to that distant ledge.Overall, this is a very genre blending game. It's a 2D-action-platformer-beat 'em up-metroidvania. And it somehow manages to be very good in all those elements. Would recommend it to anybody who likes these elements!"
,Recommended,214770,11362806,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mr. Devlar,"Guacameelee may well have been the best game I've played this year.Graphics:It's also probably the most visually beautiful 2D game I've ever played. With the art taking a hard influence from the art style of such things as Samurai Jack and psychedelic Latin motifs.Music:Great upbeat score, electronic Latin is really the only way to describe it.Gameplay:This game does not wear kid gloves. It may seem like a simple platformer but there is a lot of depth both in terms of combat and puzzles, and if you want to finish it with 100% or even the good ending, expect to be thrown into the deep end of that depth. A controller with an analog stick is mandatory. It seems to find a nice happy place between difficulty and frustration (it may just be the lack of death from falling). Also the massive quantity of hilarious references will likely keep you entertained.Overall:Highly recommended, would DerpDerp again."
,Recommended,214770,31765464,Posted: 15 May,all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),The gameplay is smooth af. And the dialogues are funny af. The soundtrack is catch af. Yes. Buy. af.
,Recommended,214770,24802954,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Buyung Kilat,A rare two player platformer that feels like a blast from the past. A fun game that you can play with the family.8/10.
,Recommended,214770,9379038,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Lopes,"Guacamelee é extremamente bem feito em todos os aspectos, requintado e cheio de demonstrações do cuidado dos desenvolvedores com o próprio trabalho. Tudo nesse jogo se encaixa perfeitamente: os gráficos cartunescos e a música ambiente se combinam de modo tal que você sente de fato quando você está num lugar amistoso, familiar e quando você vai enfrentar desafios e inimigos a sua frente.A história é simplesinha e bem batida: o fracote que perde sua amada e ganha poderes para resgatá-la depois de ter tomado uma sova do vilão, mas nada que torne o jogo previsível ou entediante, porque chato esse jogo de fato não é.As piadas e referências a memes e a outros jogos dão um toque especial a esse jogo, arrancando aquele sorriso de canto de boca quando você pesca um referência dessas.A jogabilidade é extremamente fluida e as possibilidades de combo são bem variadas e necessárias até, pois o jogo combina seus diversos tipos de inimigos de modo que o esqueleto mais fraco se torna a maior dor de cabeça apenas com a inserção de uma outra categoria de inimigo, que impede justamente aquele combo manjado que você usava pra derrotá-lo. Logo na tela de entrada o jogo sugere que se jogue com um controle, o que eu acredito ser até melhor mesmo, mas joguei o jogo todo no teclado sem grandes problemas.10/10 peguei todos os achievs."
,Recommended,214770,10774123,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Luther,"Awsum soundtrack? CheckDetails? CheckReferences/Easter Egg's? CheckGood COOP? CheckNACHOS, BURRITOS, LUCHADORES? CheckChickens? Check"
76561198045437723,Recommended,214770,20040451,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,WizardOfStuff,"this game is easily one of the best games i've ever played. the soundrack is phenomenal, the gameplay is solid, the challenges are tough, and it's an all-around fun time. however, the Super Turbo Championship edition, which includes more than just Gold, is on steam so you should probably buy that one over this one instead."
76561198332504133,Recommended,214770,33544122,Posted: 14 July,all,Shield Core,"This game is amazing. First of all don't play with keyboard otherwise you will try to hang your self. Second, its really well made and you should probably play if you love trial and error, skill, beat em up kind of games and have good reflexes. Finally, the visulal art style is AWESOME and finishing a difficult level has such a good feeling!!So stop waiting and Buy it!!"
76561198063920595,Recommended,214770,33821019,Posted: 26 July,all,Egres122,"While I played and beat this game, and I could see how others could enjoy it, I personally couldn’t get into it. It is essentially a grapefruit: some people love them, I just find them sour.Basically a side scrolling puzzle platformer where you gain new wrestling moves and traversing a beautiful luchador landscape. If you are into those, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,214770,8418898,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,YellowLab,"Wow! This is one of the best Metroid-Vania games to come around in a long time. It is well paced. Well polished. Full of humor. And just plain awesome.In this game you play Juan who is in love with the president's daughter. She is kidnapped by Calaca for some ritual (They need a virgin sacrifice; she tries to tell them she isn't eligible; they don't listen.) Of course, they kill our hero. That would be a very boring game if that were the end. But it isn't. Juan is given a second chance and becomes a luchador.Through the game, you will be given new powers such as ""Goat Run,"" ""Goat Fly,"" and the ability to turn into a chicken. Yes, you can turn into a chicken. (If you get the chicken costume, you turn into an egg.) As with any Metroid-vania game, the new powers allow you access to areas you have discovered but couldn't quite reach.One thing I liked was there weren't collectables on the levels per se. Yes, there are chests that hold pieces of heart (for life) and stamina (for special moves) or money. But you don't collect stars or tacos or something meaningless. TThere are some platforming and puzzle aspects to the game. Some of the areas where the orbs are hidden are challenging, but the regular areas are not too difficult.The art is cubist and bright reminiscent of old Mexico. Combat basically consists of two buttons, hit and special. Putting these in combo will increase your combo meter faster and give you a money bonus at the end. Some monsters will put up a shield that you will need to break with the right special move.This game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,214770,7847426,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,『qig』,"Guacamelee is an indie Metroidvania, it has a fantastic soundtrack, unique art style and great gameplay.Gameplay wise, Guacamelee isn't particularly innovative, throughout the game you'll explore levels that are full of various platforming and combat challenges, these elements are polished to a shine. The platforming controls well, and has a lot more variety than one might except from a Metroidvania style game. Similarly, the combat system takes a more traditonal beat-em-up style and infuses it into the game, while it might not be comparable to some hardcore action games, it is a satisfying system overall, and I had lots of fun racking up high combos.In traditional Metroidvania fashion, you'll find yourself gathering new abilities throughout the game and then using said abilities to progress through new areas. The game has a fair amount of optional secrets, which will motivate players to backtrack through previous areas to find powerups. Personally, I liked how the games combat system and abilities worked together. A majority of the abilities you get are multi-purposed, one use being how it helps you explore the enviroment and the other use being how it helps you in combat. For example, the uppercut ability allows you to break various red blocks throughout the enviroment, but it also adds a uppercut to your character's repertoire in combat. This means as you get more abilities, the variety in both combat and platforming increases. The system works near perfectly.My main problem with Guacamelee is a minor one and it has to deal with the games sense of humor. To be frank, I found the games attempt to be awful. The games references to the Metroid series didn't come off as funny, but lazy. The game also has some weird obsession with some bottom of the barrel Reddit memes, they aren't funny or orginial. It's not a major complaint, but it's annoying to me that the humor has to resort to ""lol me too references"" and ""xd reddit memes"" considering the work that was clearly put into the games world design."
,Recommended,214770,8682772,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,icaroferracini,"Guacamelee! is a platform game very well designed, everything works nice and everything is super fun.The story itself is pretty simple and common: you must save the princess. It is the weaker point in the whole game, but the fun of play this game and the great work of DrinkBox Studios in every single detail is so incredible that makes you accept the whole story immediately.The gameplay is simple but after a few minutes you will learn some special moves that must be used not only to kill enemies but to advance in the game. It became more and more complex and in some parts you will feel like you are playing Super Meat Boy (and by that I mean, you will have that awesome feeling of challenge).The level design of the whole game is absolutely great. Every map is unique and very well done. The art style is very beautiful and colorful and the sound design make you feel inside that world. And when you switch dimensions you will experience new colors, sounds and music. It is a very pleasant experience.This is a super fun game, has a good amount of collectibles (most of them you will get along the story) and is very artsy in both graphic and music. You really should play it!"
,Recommended,214770,8357525,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Digi,"Guacamelee! is a humorous 2D platformer with a Mexican Día de los Muertos esthetic. Consisting of side-scrolling combat, jumping puzzles and boss fights, the gameplay strikes a balance, being challenging yet fair.Progressing through the game unlocks new abilities and areas. There are also new enemies and puzzles that provide opportunities to use these newly acquired skills, so the game becomes more complex and harder. Compensating for the difficulty, the game allows you to respawn from numerous checkpoints or whatever ledge you fell from. This prevents frequent deaths from breaking the game’s flow, and allows the player to learn from failure and quickly adapt to overcome a hard part.I hate excessive dialogue in games, but fortunately Guacamelee! has just the right amount. It has enough to move the story along and even work in some comedy, but it doesn’t overstay it’s welcome. This is necessary in a game where parts must be repeated until gotten right. Having to scroll through the same dialogue over and over again just to get to the point you failed at before is an annoyance from an obsolete era of gaming.Guacamelee! is not without its flaws. It can be a bit repetitive at times and get slightly boring, but it’s not enough to hinder the gameplay significantly, and the soundtrack and colorful animation inspired by traditional Mexican folklore give it a unique style that almost had me buying this game on looks alone.Digital Logik PC Gaming"
,Recommended,214770,7758559,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Haunted Prawn,"This game is really fun! It's basically a Metroid-vania style platformer mixed with some fighting game aspects. Not to mention that it's LOADED with Pop culture references to help get a nice laugh or two. While it can also get frustrating at times, it's still enjoyable to say the least."
,Recommended,214770,8558720,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cook13s,"I've been playing Guacamelee! for the past few days, not once was it a dull moment. It's like someone stepped in my childhood took all the aspects that made me smile and put into this charming little game.Its got platforming, puzzles, dungeons, mazes, riddled with easter eggs and hidden secrets, its also the first time I've seen a 2D game with a fluid combo system, outside of fighting games. I love how the level design is setup for you to just have each area appear linear and small until you obtain new abilities, its just way way bigger and interconnected. The soundtrack is well done for its Mexican luchalibre theme, you might find yourself humming to certain tunes, I did. Art style is reminds of confetti, party favors, and pinatas, I guess that's what it was going for.Cons? I don't think I really have any, the plot is quite much akin to Super Mario even referencing to it many times, but with its own little twist which to say for the sake of a con: the plot is unoriginal at its core. You won't care anyway though because its a very fun game.5/5 Game of the year? Probably not, but if you want a game that will satisfy with something different, it definitely brings that to the table."
,Recommended,214770,11063619,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[CVG]Anton,"I found this game to be somewhat adicting. It does have that metroid type gameing feel and play.Music is catchy and upbeat. I didn't find any slow spots, the music and badies kept things going at a smoth and steady pace.The graphics are cool and entertaining and offer graphical delight to the game.I picked this gem up during the Canada Day sale (I didn't realize this was a Canadian Indie game) and I have happy with the purchase.Guacamelaa is worth a play."
,Recommended,214770,10268991,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Princess Tangled,"Cross-Dimensional-Suplex. That's one of the many things you can do in this game. You can beat up a skeleton in the world of the living, pick it up, then switch to the world of the dead and suplex it there. This game lets you do that.But in all seriousness, this is an amazing game, which I enjoyed enough to completely complete, the combat and platforming mesh together seemlessly in a way which makes combat so very satisfying. When you have all of the special moves, you get so much mobility in fight; and this mixes fantastically with the dodge mechanic of the game (which is really damn good, it's pretty much the gold standard of 2D dodging if you ask me). The things you can do in the fights in this game feel amazing; when you clear out a room of blokes without being hit and piledrive a conquistador skeleton into an Aztec skeleton, you feel like some kind of Luchador god.Also the story's real nice. I don't want to go too much into it, but it's a real nice, quite minimal story which really completements the game without getting in the way.So that's pretty much it, I enjoyed this game enough to do everything it had to offer, and considering it wasn't very expensive, I more that got my moneys worth from it."
76561198044147748,Recommended,214770,10293673,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Legendary Panda,"Great  game all around.Pleasing Visuals, enjoyable audio, slick gameplay and (cliche?) story from the unique perspective of a Luchador.Gameplay is pretty fun. Knocking one enemy into another will force them off their feet (provided no shield), which often makes many fights trivial if you juggle the enemies into each other, giving you reasonably large intervals (for a 2D fighter), where no attacks are coming your way. An enemy who has been knocked down can be supplexed across the screen, essentially every enemy is a projectile used to knock down other enemies, combining this mechanic with juggling makes you feel like a true deity though the resulting gameplay presents little threat.Unlocking new skills throughout the course of the game is done in a Metroidvania-esque manner, though from memory none of the 'backtracking' (hub aside) is required to complete the game. The difficulty ramps up slowly over the game, enemies towards the end of the game usually require one or two specific skills to 'pop' a recharging shield before they can be hurt, in addition they are mure numerous + more damage. However this is largely an artificial increase in difficulty throughout the game, using the knock-back mechanic is less useful in these situations, forcing the Luchador to focus on one target at a time while breaking shields, and trying to combo those enemies into each other before the shield recharges, it makes you feel like much less of a badass chasing one of 8 foes around a screen instead of bringing pain to all 8 at the same time.Audio is pretty pleasing to listen to, while I'm personally out-of-touch with the genre/nationality vibe they where going for, it seems to fit the pacing of movement throughout the levels pretty well, I could probably listen to this music for a reasonably longer length of time due to the lack of this style in more media today.Visuals are pretty nice and colourful. Simple larger sprites make everything super-easy to tell friend-from foe, including yourself when things get a little hectic with more enemies. I think this refined/simple look suits the world of the Luchador quite well, bright colours + striking shapes rather than many complex details/patterns. Makes it really easy to pick out which enemies (or pieces of environment) need which skills to break them.The only negative about this game, is that some of the side-challenges in an optional areas of the game require nigh on pixel-perfect execution of skill sequencing to pull off a combo/maintain hit-streak. In this regard the game feels very much like a Capcom fighter, finding the sweetspot so that you're skills will juggle the enemy correctly. This level of precision is needed nowhere else in the game so it feels more than a little superfluous. Granted Challenges in games are designed to present situations more complex/difficult than the main game (albeit in smaller packets), so probably not solid grounds to complain about.Overall this game is pretty baller. For fans of other 2D & 3D beat-em-ups It's pretty much a necessity on the list, it may not not cater to the more experienced 2D fighters in the same way it does to the general populus, as overall the game is fairly easy. Its unique setting definately warrants a look when compared with the dark/gritty beat-em-ups we see more often today.8/10"
,Recommended,214770,9150768,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kouga Wolf 選択の運命,"Guacamelee is a great little game that I still want to go back and 100% if possible. It makes you want to explore all parts of the map. The attacks are fun to learn, none of the enimes feel over powered and I love that there is an upgrade store in the game. Some parts of the game are hard but not too punishing, it doesn't feel cheap at any time. I love the local co-op option, I myself used this and found it much more fun to play with a friend then solo, however you still may play all of the game solo if you wish; two players are not required to finish the game. Over all, very enjoyable game; and you gotta love all the refferences in this game."
,Recommended,214770,11270358,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TraxOnDaRocks,Challenging metroidvania-like platformer. It shows that the genre is still alive and kicking. The art style is great too. Only downside is that the game is quite short; I'm 7-8 hours in and already close to the final boss.8.5/10
,Recommended,214770,24317447,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MOK-A,Guacamelee is a really good game that needs to be played for all of those who love metroidvania style games.-The Good--Beat them up style combat.-Really Good Soundtrack.-Clever puzzles.-Gorgeous visuals(wich are inspired by Mexican culture).-A lot of references to pop culture that can make you laugh.-Lots of replay Value.-THE BAD--Story is short.-Controls dosen't respond well at times(Only if you are playing with the keyboard.)
76561198066691628,Recommended,214770,9968768,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Hidden Warrior,"Great humor, really cool visuals, and satisfying gameplay, split between platforming and combat. Platforming got pretty frustating a few times, but it might be because I was using a keyboard. Other than those moments, it was quite fun. On the whole, a really enjoyable experience with a decent amount of stuff to distract from the main story. Oh, and a lot of references and easter eggs!"
76561198097529862,Recommended,214770,8416334,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Everyday Legend,"You need this game in your life.  Like, seriously.Mexican Metroid.  Not even kidding.  Dashing Derpderp."
76561197998648357,Recommended,214770,32789056,Posted: 25 June,all,Nemo,Super fun metroidvania ... but get the Super Tubro Championship Edition which is better! :D
,Recommended,214770,11006936,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,GeorgeEU,Holy Guacamole this game is good
,Recommended,214770,8969169,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Timed Hits Knower,"This game is a love song to Super Metroid played by a nerdy mariachi band.Instead of an arm cannon, you use your fists. Instead of a morph ball, you turn into a chicken. Instead of color-coded doors to be opened with the appropriate weapon, there are colored blocks to be smashed with your varied slam attacks. You even gain your powers by destroying precious Chozo statues (more on that later.)The best part of this game, hands down, is the combat. The multitude of useful attacks at your disposal, combined with the responsive dodging mechanic and the fun and powerful grapples means that the combo system is both useful and rewarding. Battles in this game just resonate with me as being really fun, as you can bash some skeletons around, throw them into other skeletons, and just keep it going as the numbers on your screen go up and up and you get a bigger money reward when the fight is finished. It's just really fun, and the enemies are well designed to let you take advantage of combos and such if you're good.The level design is nice, and they manage to keep the levels fresh with mixtures of new and old elements that let you make use of your powers. Backtracking when you have new powers, a staple of any ""Metroidvania"" game, is present in this game, but also quite simplified. Areas that are blocked off from you are marked in bright, unmistakeable colors on your map, and correspond to certain powerups. While this is unfortunate if you enjoy more subtle or clever ways to impede progress, there are a few secret areas scattered about that have very little indication on the map, meaning you have to be perceptive to find them. The art style and design of the levels are also overall pretty good, but while the backgrounds are vibrant and creative, the walls of the levels are all dark and square, making areas seem kind of cramped, and it's just not as visually entertaining as it could be.Unfortunately, there is a lot of untapped potential in Guacamelee. There were a few levels that were pretty barren as far as secrets and backtracking goes, which sort of made them simply linear puzzle dungeons. The last few hours of gameplay for me could have been a lot better if I had more reasons to revist older areas. Due to the linearity of how and when you get your abilities, most of the secret areas just contained health and stamina upgrades. I would have liked if there were optional powerups or attacks that I could find, or perhaps more villager sidequests that required you to visit other areas. There are only two towns in Guacamelee, and all of the ""quests"" are pretty much just completed inside those towns, when there's no reason not to use other areas for them.My main gripe with this game is how shallow the world feels, and there is one big reason for this: instead of worldbuilding and lore, the game opted for silly references and jokes. I think that the developers got kind of lazy in this regard, because the world concept is a pretty cool one, and the art and character design is top notch. But even though the game was inviting me to care about the world inside through its visuals, it just completely falls flat whenever it wants to convey information about the world directly. The towns are littered with posters of famous luchadores and advertisements, and 100% of those are jokes or references to nerd stuff. They were cute and funny the first couple times I saw them, but then I realized that these areas that could have been vibrant with character were just a platform for showing me some mexican versions of memes.I mentioned that you gain your powers by smashing Chozo statues, and I mean really. There are Chozo statues laying around in the dungeons, like, actual Chozo statues from Metroid. And you smash them, and then the goatman cometh and yells at you for smashing his rare Chozo statue, and gives you a new power. Again, this was funny the first time, like, haha, we're trying to make a Metroid game guys! Haha! But really, that's a missed opportunity for something more creative or fitting for the game's world. You could still make a lazy Metroid reference, but instead of it being a Chozo make it a Luchadore or something. I hate saying this, but the over-reliance on jokes in this game smashes ~my immersion~. I know, I would roll my eyes if someone told me that, but it's true. It just ticks me off because the lazy world-building sours what would otherwise be a fantastic game.Despite all that, I really do love this game. It's a blast to play, and I had a good time exploring and taking on the secret challenges. The game can get pretty tough when it wants to, and those difficult areas are really satisfying to beat. The music is great, and the gameplay is superb. I would only write such a big effortpost review if I actually cared enough about the game, so at least there's that. I highly recommend you give Guacamelee! a try."
76561198086061585,Recommended,214770,8775432,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,gaia.razus,I like wrestling. I like Mexican-music. I like Action games.That's why I truly like this game.
,Recommended,214770,10747578,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FICTiVETRUiSM,I just suplexed a chicken10/10
76561198049191329,Not Recommended,214770,12017869,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,76561198049191329,Buy Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition instead if you don't want to be nickel'n'dime'd. Why selling the game with add-on as a stand-alone game?
,Recommended,214770,8323212,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,✪ BPR ✪,"Ok, this game has so much charm and style that it won me over immediately! It has Metroid-Vania style gameplay, excellent music, and beautiful cartoon graphics. Oh, and the guys behind this game clearly love Nintendo and internet memes! Gameplay wise, there is a lot of exploration, a great combat system with a fair amount of combos, and some LOCAL co-op (no online unfortunately). I'm having a great time playing it and really enjoying the character designs. Definitely play this one!"
,Recommended,214770,8558232,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cute Anime Girl,"You play as Juan Aguacate, and you're on a quest to save El Presidente's Daughter from the evil skeletal charro; Carlos Calaca.If you like Metroidvania styled gameplay, look no further. Guacamelee is a game with awesome platforming, the right amount of difficulty, intuitive battle system and has that great hand drawn feel to it. Drinkbox Studios really nailed it with this game. The setting for the game is really unique and the story is so out there it's awesome. There were a few things here and there that I was iffy about in the game, but in my opinion it doesn't take away from the game that much.Overall, Guacamelee is a solid platformer."
,Recommended,214770,8419397,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Emporeon,"Guacamelee! is a very fun platformer.You try to rescue a princess while defeating a skeleton and the humor along the way is worth a chuckle. It is highly considered by the developers that this be played on a controller and I agree. The controls on the keyboard might need a re-mapping before you start doing all the combos. I had trouble combo-ing the enemy in the air but maybe that's cause I'm bad at this game. Overall, this game is very fun and casual."
,Recommended,214770,17311969,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MochiPup,"This is an amazing game overall! The music, story, art everything about it is very well done and just really fun fighting game over all. The mechanics work amazingly and theres just enough challenge. Theres plenty of secrets and great acheives for those of you that find that important. It's definetly in my top 5 of games on steam."
,Recommended,214770,8812663,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Grime Fandango,"Even if you're not a fan of the Mexican Lucha Libre culture, I would classify this game as a must-buy. With tight controls (I played through it with a keyboard and a controller, with the latter being superior), a nice to look at angular art style and intuitive fighting mechanics this game earned it's place as one of the best Metroidvania games out there.Guacamelee has Steam workshop support where everyone with experience in Flash can upload their own costumes for the heroes Juan and Tostada.The only negative aspects I could find were the lackluster story and only one save file. Many gamers fell afoul to the difficulty of the game, and although there are definitely parts considerably harder than others - most of them optional - Drinkbox aimed to appeal to the hardcore gamers.After getting 100% completion and all achievements you can still perfect your game time/speedrun to earn your place in the leaderboards. For players concerned with replayability, there is lots to do.You're still reading? If you have the money to shell out, buy and play Guacamelee, the sooner the better!"
,Recommended,214770,10643798,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr. Sideburns,"With a mix of Beat 'Em Up brawler and Metroidvania, Guacamelee is incredibly fun to play. Finding upgrades is exciting, but using those upgrades to find secrets is very rewarding. Chaining combos is very fun, and boss fights are just challenging enough to make you keep playing until you've beat them. The story is enjoyable to watch, and each character brings their own personality to the table, making dialogue very fun to read. With a headboppin' soundtrack to boot, Guacamelee is a purchase you won't regret!"
,Recommended,214770,8968465,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Bloughsburgh,"Metroidvaina + Castle Crashers with just a dash of Super Meat Boy! = Guacamelee!I purchased this game as soon as I saw that Metroidvaina was the general design of the game. I intended to test it out when I installed but ended up playing for 3 straight hours.You'll play as Juan who dons the mask of legacy and becomes the Luchador. The game is filled with Mexican culture with modern internet-isms (memes as well) masked throughout. Don't let that push you away however, seeing iconic internet..uhh things in the game actually provide a bit of subjective art as I felt more connected as if the developers are one of us who are playing.The controls are extremely fluid, with the ability to cancel out of any action with an air or ground dodge and the combat has just as much flow. You do a regular melee attack that can combo up to 3 hits with cardinal directional moves depending on if you are in the air or ground. Add another button dedicated to Special moves also with 4 directions of variety and you got a simplistic yet intricate combat system. Oh you can also toss opponents across the arena and into other skeletal hombres.The exploration aspect is top notch with nook and crannys begging to be searched. You'll find places you can't reach due to some obstruction and be rewarded if you remember later down the road. At one point in the game, you'll have the power to switch from the light world to the dead world with platforming and combat creatively incoporated. While some secrets are obvious, you'll need to put on your master explorer hat to find everything Gucamelee! has to offer. The difficulty is just right, with the enemies requiring more finesse and the platforming demanding 2 or 3 actions in short time. For the daring, to 100% the game, Guacamelee! demands you to channel your inner Super Meat Boy and do some sadistc platforming challenges.The soundtrack is fantastic with each area giving you a different Mexcian vibe. I always enjoyed hearing all of the pieces each and everytime I entered an area.You can even have local 2 player coop!There is a ton to say about Guacamelee! but I think you should save it for yourself. I personally recommend this game to anyone who enjoys beat-em ups/platformers/and exploration adventures (Castle Crashers, Metroid, Castlevaina, Super Meat Boy)To fully complete the game (100% completion including Steam Achievements) I clocked in at about 10 hours.Guacamelee!"
,Recommended,214770,8924535,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,SpruceBruce,"Simply put, this game is really freaking fun.  The humor throughout the game is great, the play mechanics are well designed, and you always have a sense of accomplishment playing the game.  They do a good job of constantly pushing both the story and your powerset along.If you enjoy the Metroid-esque play style at all, you should buy this game."
76561198052071742,Recommended,214770,9462221,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Tickleson,"+Fun beaten up Metroidvania game which is best played with a local buddy.+The workshop customs have some cool designs and ideas *Samus TuT*+and the soundtrack is simply awesome to listen too, festive yet has a retro feel to it!+the controls and gameplay work really well-The only down side is it has only a handful of bosses-And can be FULLY completed in less than a dayIf you and a IRL pal are looking to mess up some skeletons with a hint of humourhere and there this is for you, just try not to rush it"
,Recommended,214770,10068914,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,I only reinstalled for DOS2,"Super Meat Boy meets a beat 'em up.  Absolutely fun to play and fun to experience.I enjoyed it more and more as I began to play it; never a dull moment.Good music, great humor, and just all around enjoyable.Couldn't recommend it more!"
,Recommended,214770,10018739,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Derk Beefhammer.,Awesome Metroid-vania style action platformer with a great Mexican cultural background!
76561198031471892,Recommended,214770,9707075,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,D-Bee,"I could go on and on about the great things that this game has to offer, but instead I'll just state the negative stuff. It's got some fairly fancy moves so if you're playing with a keyboard it will take some extra skill. The Co-op is local which means the two player option is only available from the same machine (no online with your buddies). That's it. Everything else about this game is fantastic! Buy it. You won't be sorry."
,Recommended,214770,10594937,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Beachj,You're pretty much a member of the cartel after you play this game. Can't wait to get to beheading people irl.
76561198043118926,Recommended,214770,25261202,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Atchy,"Fun mechanics, solid platforming. Overall I feel like the minimalist approach (no voice acting among other things) takes away from the ""epic action"" feel this title is going for. For me the elements didn't gel that well.However, I can't bring myself to ""not reccomend"" as this is a solid Metroidvania that's very well put together. If you're into that sort of thing get it, it's just not personally for me.Here is my review via Youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ4G2pGPb8M"
,Recommended,214770,8405298,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,<><><><>,"Guacamelee, without a doubt, is the best Metroidvania I've ever played, excluding any Metroid or Castlevania games. From the get go you're presented with a cool Luchadore theme, and tight controls. The game picks up heat pretty fast, and soon you transform from average farm worker to a luchadore, a hero of the people. This game follows the metroidvania tradition very well. You have areas to revisit, powerups unlockble through the game, and a 2D world to explore. The game is so much fun, you'll lose hours jumping and punching enemies. This game also has a great sense of humor, and has tons of references, like nods to Castle Crashers, Mario, Metroid, Mega Man, and even TF2. It also references a bunch of memes, which kinda get on my nerves, seeing things like Insanity Wolf or Me Gusta staring back at you.However, every game has faults, and this game is chock full of them. First of all, the platforming will frustrate you to no end. Some of the platforming requires a lot of timing and fast reflexes. There were many times I almost went insane doing it. The game is short, but the time you get to have is great. I recommend using a controller for this, as a keyboard can really frustate you. I mapped all my keyboard controls to odd things, whicvh made the combat harder and the platforming as hard as well. Some things, like the sparring bot, just get ridiculous to use when you have your keyboard controls mapped to wild locations.Despite its flaws, this game is very enjoyable, and easy to play. I'm looking forward to whatever this company puts out next. It may be hard to believe, but this is easily one of the most fun games I've played this year."
76561198155851402,Recommended,214770,23747182,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lord McSmith,"The short of it: Guacamelee delivers a satisfyingly solid metroidvania experience while maintaining an aesthetic and an identity all its own.Mechanically, It's a relatively simplistic game that never bothers to introduce much in the way of equipment or character upgrades.  Beyond the obligatory health and energy boosts, there are scant few abilities to be found as you scale impossibly tall trees and chicken your way through ruins saturated with lava, but the game draws out its platforming sections to such a frankly absurd scale that what abilities it does give you never start to feel tired.  In that vein, the level design is demanding, but also quite forgiving.  Falling off platforms never puts you back more than a few seconds, and the intuitive map makes backtracking for hidden items surprisingly painless.  Combat is frantic but solid, the soundtrack full of energy.  The references to nerd culture populate the latin-styled environments like elderly people at a nude beach, but unlike Old Man Wallace, they remain happily in the background, never forcing you to appreciate them, and the game's off-beat humor holds up all the way through the end credits.Buy it full price or on sale, whatever fits your budget.  You'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,214770,23663908,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,GatoDelFuego,"This is exactly the kind of gem that flourishes from indie companies. Never before have I played a game that fuses platforming, metroidvania, and combat together so well. There's secret passages and hidden collectibles to encourage you to explore and revisit areas, and even a whole secret ending if you explore enough. The combat is quick and simple, but has a lot of depth and flexibility, which is basically perfect for a fighting game. Hard mode is a legitimate combat challenge at times, too, which makes it feel like you really had to fight through the game.What sets this game apart from other metroidvania games is...its humor. I've really not found a game that actually made me laugh more than this. The writers really knew what they were doing with the characters, and all the jokes are sort of off-hand remarks that you don't expect. Plus there's tons of video game and pop culture references, but almost entirely in the background on signs. Seeing strong bad as an actual mexican wrestler is nice to see, and you have to laugh/cringe at the Rage Comic Era Memes™ set up to fight each other in a wrestling match.And it has co-op, too!This entire game is a real breath of fresh air from standard stuff, and I wish there was more of it."
,Recommended,214770,33565934,Posted: 15 July,all,Eduardo,"A great metroidvania brawler with a lot of funny dialogues, well made combat system, and some really hardcore platforming. And they even made mexican music really enjoyable. Highly recommended! ...But it's a shame that coop only works offline... oh well..."
,Recommended,214770,10749803,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,eFFl,Guacamelee is a fantastic Metriodvania style game that oozes with old school charm.  It has a great sense of gameplay and humor in addition to it's amazing art style.
,Recommended,214770,9342705,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Mauseknoddel,"Guacamelee is a great game for Metroidvania genre-type fans!""What the hell is Metroidvania?"" some of you may be asking at this point.Well, Metroidvania is, as the name itself already tells you, a hybrid of Metroid-type games, that means a kind-of-open-word-jump'n run with gameplay elements similar to the 2D Castlevania games and items that change the way you play and progress that can be found throughout the game.So for the game itself and to make it short: I had a blast playing it!This game does not only have a short but still interesting story, no it also handles its gameplay mechanics so well thatplaying it with a controllerfeels like you never played anything else in your entire life.There's no time needed to learn the controls, it works perfectly well, instantly!Furthermore, the length for such a low price, and the amount of secrets that can be found are very satisfactory!The only thing that bugged me is the fact that it seems to be a coop game, as falling down a cliff does not hurt you or make you lose HP at all (And being constantly thrown away by some enemies is annoying but can be overlooked). That makes the game, except for its awesome boss fights, a little bit easy, but of course you can play it on a harder difficulty as I did!So for my part I did not only enjoyed the game, no! I loved it! Even though it only takes around 7-10h to complete it, I had so much fun and even a couple of laughs at the game's allusions on other games and memes! I really recommend the game to anyone that likes 2D sidescrolling jump'n run beat 'em ups!8,2/10"
76561198034289354,Recommended,214770,8350223,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,StayPuftMarshMan,WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN??????????
,Recommended,214770,8698437,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Shiro,"El Presidente's daughter has been abducted by a band of thugs lead by the notorious Calaca, and Juan is the only one who can stop them!  This modest (and soft-spoken) agave farmer becomes chosen by an enchanted mask or... something.  I don't know, the story isn't why we're here.  Point is, you (as Juan) become a powerful Luchador and must fight your way through legions of undead soldiers.  Guacamelee is a Metroid-themed game, having you exploring a wide open world; only instead of Morph Balls and Grappling Beams, Guacamelee! emphasizes it's brawling focus by giving you special attacks that will break-open various paths that lead to power-ups or money; if not the way forward in the game.What the game lacks in variety, it makes-up for with it's fun music, bright colors, and in-depth fighting system; which is augmented by various costumes that the player can unlock, each giving it's own pros and cons.  If there are any gripes with the game, it's that the inconsistent difficulty can sometimes spike-up without warning, but it was never to such a degree that the game became suddenly unplayable; at worst it just meant having to retry an area a few extra times to adapt to the new difficulty.  There is also a bit of a heavier focus on platforming challenges than some might expect from a game like this, so players should be mindful of that if platforming is a turn-off.While the game can be very challenging during the later bits, players who can tough it out will find plenty to do during the endgame.  There are various achievements that are rewarded for completing certain tasks with each outfit, and players who explore enough can find themselves in El Infierno which has several ranked challenges to test your mettle.  All-in-all, Guacamelee is a great deal for $15, and a steal when offered at a discount."
,Recommended,214770,9467916,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Rymante,"This game features the following elements :1 - A very well designed 'Metroidvania' experience with a strong focus on challenging 2D platforming & a satisfying combat system designed around combos, special moves & throws.2 - A sense of humour mostly centered around references to other video game franchises & occasionally internet memes.3 - A nice, sharp, angular artstyle that manages to fit the Mexican 'Luchador Wrestlers crossed with Day of the Dead' theme really well.4 - Chickens.This game was great fun to play & I'll probably revisit it at some point in the future, the main quest isn't very long (about 4-7 hours depending on side quest investment) but it is absolutely worth your time & money."
,Recommended,214770,8297734,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,n̈oodle_6491))),"This game is a bunch of fun, and thus should be played. The level design is solid and generally works well to suggest the tactics you should use to overcome its challenges. The open-world-ness functions well, with basically very few changes from the old metroid dynamics. Which is definitely not a bad thing, because it works well.The combat is just great. It's never too easy, and never too hard. It's rare to find a game that has that good a balance, but this is one of those games. It's also fun, and pretty smooth to control and chain up combos.The art design is fantastic. Every area is brimming with tons of details which fit in perfectly. Excellent work on the levels and also the characters. Hell, especially the characters.The addition of tons of things to do off the beaten track (see previous notes on metroid open-worldyness) is very welcome, and while some games would be comfortable to not put a lot of effort into these bits this does not do that. They are all still meticulously crafted. And often very tough. Which I heavily approve of.The story's pretty boring, but it doesn't tend to crop up very often so it's not really a problem. That's pretty much the only negative I can think of about this game. The characters aren't really ever explored that much either, but yeah. Perhaps that's just a leftover from the metroid style - because they were all about isolation (and the story developing through your actions alone), so adding a bunch of other characters and extra story into that just doesn't fit too well. But yeah. A very minor negative.Summary:A very fun, challenging, open-world 2D puncher-platformer, with excellent art, good level design and great combat mechanics. It's a joy to play, and you should totally get this in your hands and face right now."
,Recommended,214770,18212062,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Johan,"It is the best plataform game that i have completed, you can improve your character, and according the game runs the controls begin to get more complex."
,Recommended,214770,22681921,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"Best damn game ever 11/10 -DyeThis game is amazingly fun, no idea I was going to get rid of it on 8 hours."
76561198073740083,Recommended,214770,25699616,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,e-rod,"One of the best recent metroidvanias.If you like it, you will like:Ori and the blind florestSalt and SanctuaryValdis StoryShadow ComplexHeadlander"
,Recommended,214770,9973930,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,MTF,"It is a platform puzzler with spot-on controls. If you failed something, YOU made the mistake. Always the mark of a team who fine-tuned the hell out of the character movements.It is a beat-em-up with an incredibly rewarding, fluid, make-your-own-combo fighting system. Want to punch a dude, uppercut him into the air, punch him some more while you float together, slam him back towards the ground, catch him before he lands and then suplex him into his evil friends? You can do that.It is the only game I've ever cared to 100% in terms of achievements, because they were fun and (at times) challenging.This is a game made for me, and you don't even go to space. Pure. Finely made. Fun."
,Recommended,214770,8566926,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,BlazeOrangeDeer,"Best platformer I've played in a long time. Metroid-style exploration and upgrades are awesome and the combat is very fun. The hidden levels are challenging but rewarding, the art style is amazing and it gives the whole game a lot of personality. 5/5"
76561197960931103,Recommended,214770,25518576,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,caruch2001,"Guacamelee is a fun 2D adventure platforming game with different fighting moves and a variety of enemies and bosses. The game is very heavily based on Mexican culture. You play as Juan, a luchador fighter. He is trying to rescue the president’s daughter who he also is in love with. Across your travels you’ll unlock different fighting moves that also double as a different way to get around the levels. This also allows you to get to certain chests to increase your health and stamina meters.Gameplay is fairly straightforward. Advance through the levels and locations while fighting off enemies and the occasional boss. It will take some time to get used to using all of your attacks but the more fluid you get, the quicker you can kill the enemies. You are also searching for life and stamina chests that are scattered around the levels. Getting 3 of each will grant you a boost in health of stamina.The characters and NPC’s are all well done. Even though there is no voice acting in the game, each character had their own voice in my head. They are fleshed out well enough for this type of game. The NPC’s may also contain side quests. The dialog is well done and is pretty tongue in cheek.Graphics and music are unique. The art style of the game is very minimalistic and extremely colorful. They nailed the Mexican feel they were going for.Using a controller is a must. You’ll be fumbling around on the keyboard very quickly.Controls are generally ok, but probably is one of my few gripes with the game. They seem floaty and unpredictable at times. Platforming with narrow areas to jump on really shows this. I feel they could have been tighter.Two other gripes deal with fighting. First is the recovery time after getting hit. It’s too short and can lead to some combo attacks from the enemies that feels cheap. Second, certain enemies seem to deal way too much damage. (The enemy with multiple swords comes to mind)Pros+Visuals and music+Solid 60fps+Combat system+Mexican cultureCons+Imprecise controls+Recovery time from getting hitThis is a solid platformer. The awesome Mexican based environments, visuals, music and characters really makes this stand out.7/10Good"
,Recommended,214770,9158132,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Luis,"Metroidvania at it's finest, mixed with crazy platforming moments.Amazing art-style, and crisp hd vector graphics; very skewed towards mexican folklore, so it is clearly not for everyone. Plagued (literally) with references to other games and internet culture.The atention to detail it's remarkable, without any copy and paste material, or mirrored levels, a problem that plagues the genre, ie: the last nds Castlevania iteration. This gives really fresh content for the entire game, but it comes at a price, the length of it.The length is little short for any major genre enthusiast, with just a little obvious backtracking here and there.The game copes with this by presenting you with amazingly difficult platforming challenges, mixed with insta-death and insta-respawn.I assure you that 2 sections of this game will get you stuck jumping the same platforms again and again for about an hour. For me that sounds like fun, been an old gamer from the NES era, but i am sure that many new fellas will feel ripped off by the platforming difficulty of this title. Some of this rooms are just for item-grabbing, but others are mandatory and un-skippable.Go watch some youtube vids of it, to get an ideaAnother thing to mention is the combat system. This game hides an amazingly complex and robust combo system, that you can learn through the game, and test in the Hell challenges.It took me about 11 hours in my first run, and then about 4 on my second run."
,Recommended,214770,10258479,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Coach Z,Mucha Lucha is the best video show on the market
,Recommended,214770,13190131,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Carahyba ☭,I really really love Guacamelee! It's perfect in every single piece.Graphics - 10/10Sounds - 10/10Music - 10/10Entertaining - 10/10Challenging - 10/10Story - 10/10
,Recommended,214770,8585387,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"Buy? Likely,Guacamelee is a pretty competent metroidvania with a focus brawling ""luchador combat"" and some moderate platforming. String combos together, weaken enemies and grapple them to throw into other enemies or perform various slams that can be purchased from money gained from killing and finding chests. It's fairly simple and the towns are filled (almost too much) with various video game and internet Meme references - though, it's one of the first times where I've been able to recognize practically every reference in the game since it's not a bunch of obscure book and movie references like the Fallout series. You gain new moves from busting Chozo statues, giving you basically color coded power ups, which makes the game on the surface feel a bit simple, even absurdly so (why can't my Super punch break the same things my head butt can...because of it's color effect?!). Though, it makes for interesting combat sense some enemies have shields that can only be broken by certain attacks (but still is sort of silly). While the game is fairly easy, since arenas are fairly short and enemies don't have a ton a health, but in the later parts of the game, it's a often a wonder on how I can avoid damage with multiple projectiles and assailants at times - the controls are mostly competent to keep you alive, but I sometimes wish there was a block and switching directions wasn't ""Mario Slidey"". Bosses fight in typical ""learnable patterns"" but you might die a couple times in the process trying to figure out when the game expects you to jump, dodge, or know how an enemy is telegraphing attacks. Bosses don't take too long to kill or have super crazy attacks like similar games. Platforming puzzles are scattered here and there, which offers a bit of challenge and sometimes frustration. They often reward you with health/stamina upgrades or cash used to buy more slams or health/stamina benefits.I finished the game around 5 hours, and I think I got the bad ending. I'm not quite sure what would cause a better ending, except for doing it faster (and I may have missed a town quest or two now that I think about it). I've seen leaderboard speed runs around an hour. If you care to, you can replay on a harder difficulty. If you like to play all the content of the game, $15 is a fair price, if you're like me and just want to get to the end and get the gist of the game, you may want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,214770,448734,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Robot Hobo,"Take one part Metroid, one part Streets of Rage, and one part Super Meat Boy. Mix together with a hefty shot of tequila. Shake well, and pour over ice into a glass with a salt-lined lip.That's Guacamelee."
,Recommended,214770,9223825,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Human Bean Juice,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NYoR_OBzI04 out of 5
,Recommended,214770,8369904,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kalafakas_,"Cool game , but it could be a little bit better.."
76561198071923311,Recommended,214770,10722247,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lifetose Intolerant,Like Guacamole with melee. 10/10
,Recommended,214770,2022587,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,angrykenji,the term 'Metroid-vania' is overplayed but fits the style of Guacamelee.  it's a fun Luchadore themed platformer with a simple story but great mechanics and can be truly challenging when it wants to be.  also making the combat mimic a simple fighter system where you string combos feels rewarding and plays a role into defeating tougher enemies later on.definitely worth it.
,Recommended,214770,8842536,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Verdtex,"Guacamelee is one of those games that you get the sense as you play it more it will get easier. Well hate to break it to you but there is little truth to that. In fact just as you are moving right along with the game gaining more powers making you more powerful the level designs get trickier forcing the player into using skill along with some patience.With that said I simply loved this game. It was challenging, check that, frustratingly challenging. However once you got through the tough parts it was simply rewarding.Full review:http://thereviewzoo.com/2014/01/25/guacamelee-gold-edition-review/"
76561198043413975,Recommended,214770,8398982,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Johncafard,"Best game if you want to become a real Luchador!This game is really nice, with plenty of geek culture references, Mario, Super Meat Boy and other Memes!The beat-em-up gameplay is really fun, the different platform parts bring a real challenge to the adventure (especially if you want to see the alernative end)!To conclude, nice, fun and cheap with the holiday sales! Don't hesitate, buy this game and become a brave Luchador!For The Gwak!"
,Recommended,214770,14816659,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,𝔹𝕌ℝ𝔾𝕐,"AUDIOPeppyVISUALAuthenticDIFFICULTYToughVIBEBeat-Em-UpCRAVINGMetroidvaniaON SALEFrequentlyPROS:The art and color in this game are gorgeous. A lot of love has been put into it, as well as research into a culture that could have otherwise been summarized sloppily. The gameplay is satisfying as hell, and the metroidvania aspects will keep satisfied in the world for quite a while. You can have a local second player to help you if you're having too much trouble with enemy waves!CONS:Creators voiced that the ""memes in this game may have gone too far"" and their suspicions were correct. Some of them are cute video game-oriented homages, but others are nauseating Reddit vector and ICHCB trash that date a game that is gorgeous otherwise.WORTH:There isn't much of a point of buying this version when you could get the Super Turbo-charged Championship edition. Still, it sees frequent sales up to 90% off. If you're looking for the best deal on Guacamelee regardless of updates and extra features, keep an eye on both this copy andChamp Edition!OVERALL:You may want to go with the Super Turbo-charged Championship edition to receive support. Why is there no price difference if this one is completely unsupported? That being said, this is an amazing game that I've had a lot of fun with.SCORE:9/10Full Review Coming Soon"
,Recommended,214770,13464043,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,"Dr Funfrock, Esq.","Guacamelee is gorgeous and fun metroidvania game. Reminds me somewhat of Outland, with the switching between light and dark worlds, but Guacamelee has less of the bullet hell and more of the titular melee action. I'm not a huge fan of backtracking, but the world is laid out so smartly that even as it expands, your accumulating powers allow you to traverse the world more and more rapidly. Combat is challenging, but fair. Cetain fight setups felt cheap and unfair on first attempt, but after some careful observation and thought (and a few deaths), they were actually quite reasonable. Checkpoints are relatively generous, and placed in all the spots you'd want them. The boss fight thankfully actually uses the same skills honed during the rest of the game, rather than throwing in something out of left field. All in all, a total pleasure."
,Recommended,214770,14713538,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,jippalippa,"Guacamelee is a fresh, very well made ""Metroid-Vania"" type of game.Drikn Box Studio gave us a little gem.The game is a sidescroller set in a fictional, yet charming, Mexico, and the whole game deals with the theme of ""Luchadores"" and mexican myths and legends regarding death and the afterworld.As a ""Metroid-Vania"" the main character (Juan) has to travel across a variety of stages, fighting enemies and avoiding traps by platforming.The thing that keeps the game fresh is the variety; the maps are very complex yet easy to navigate once you uncover the whole map, and the game perfectly balances its difficulty, starting very easy and getting harder closer to the end (yet not impossible).Speaking of platforming, i have rarely seen such well made platforming sections in a very long time.The developers really went crazy (in a good way) offering double jumps, moving plaftorms, flying powerups, portals, walljumps, wallslides, levers ecc..., and some puzzles are very challenging, yet very rewarding and well designed (note that most of these can be avoided if preferred).The combat is an other thing that differenciates this game from the others; unlike other ""Metroid-Vania"" games here you have a very intuitive yet complex combo system, with the ability to throw enemies away and do some devastating chain attacks.Enemies are well differenciated and you need personalised attacks to beat them.The design of the game is great, featuring a charming 2D vector style; the characters are gorgeously animated and drawn, as well as the levels, each one colorful and very well drawn.An other thing that makes this game original is its unique humor, the game is filled with an incredible amount of funny easter eggs regarding the whole ""Internet/Memes"" and ""Videogames"" worlds and the game offers the chance to use custom skins built by the community (available through Steam Workshop).Guacamelee is a must-buy for everyone who likes 2D side scrolling games with a personal touch.One of the best of its genre.Pros:- Charming Humor- Fresh Design- Complex Maps- Amazing Platforming Action- Deep and fun combat/combo System- A ton of amazing easter eggs- Varied puzzles- Balanced Difficulty- Balanced Lenght (Not too long, not too short)- A lot of ""developer made"" and ""Community made"" custom skinsCons:- A couple of stages could have ""dared"" more in therms of visual designTo Keep In Mind:- Some Orbs very very hard to get (Not necessary for the game completion)- Inferno Challenges (endgame content) sometimes incredibly hard /frustrating- Some achievements very hard to obtain (Not necessary for the game completion)- Need a bit of grinding, if willing to collect all the treasure chests (Not necessary for the game completion)"
,Recommended,214770,8130919,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,wavebeem,"One of the best Metroidvania games ever. Platforming is tight, pacing is great, light/dark mechanics are slick, combat is fast and fun, art is amazing, sound is good. Probably in my top 10 list for the year."
,Recommended,214770,14330280,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Spider3,"i don't even remember how comes this game ended up in my library. I just started it thinking i'll dismiss pretty fast..but I liked it a lot and played to the end! gfx is very cute, controls very responsive, and the devs managed to keep a raising interest and challenge progressively adding always more moves and elements. Boss fights are very interesting and hard enough :) A very nice platform, congrats!"
,Recommended,214770,9098737,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Akka,"So a bunch of people got together one day and made the most casual game ever, one that appeals to the lowest common denominator. This is not that game.If you've played henry hatsworth it's a lot like that except instead of puzzles and gentlemen you have a double world mechanic and luchadores.  Gameplay invovles actively switching back and forth between the living and dead worlds while juggling an ever increasing set of attacks and skills that cleverly maneuver your character through the intricately built terrain.It's manly, colorful, difficult, constantly developing, and lasts up to six hours or more if you explore everything this wonderful game has to offer."
76561197987568720,Recommended,214770,8069286,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Justin,"I really...really...really want to recommend this game. It's got a great musical score, great artistic style, humor, interesting and seldom-seen-in-a-video-game Mexican-theme. And I've always loved Metroid style games.** BUT **The platforming sections of the game are ridiculously difficult. Needlessly difficult, I'd add. I'm still stuck on the section in the Tuli Tree, where you must do a series of wall jumps combined with flipping in and out of the land of death. I cannot do it. And I'm no stranger to platformers!I wouldn't have a problem with this kind of difficulty if it were only used sparingly in areas of the map with hidden power ups or bonus content. But to make just getting to the next dungeon/temple/castle/level this ludicrously challenging is too much to ask! I play games to be entertained; if the gameplay turns into a repetitive series of failures that's no fun at all!Part of the problem is that the controller layout isn't ideal. A few glaring control issues: One, Right-Trigger to switch between light and dark worlds!? Bad button mapping! Also, when playing two players, we often accidentally enter the bubble mode, which is disaterous if we both do it at once! And the button placement for ""chicken mode"" isn't so good either. Rather than doding (left trigger) I sometimes bump the left button for Chicken mode. And on top of all that, there's no way to re-map the buttons.So, DEV...  before I could recommend this game to anyone, PLEASE fix the level designs and button mapping!EDIT: I changed my mind on this one. I gave it rest for a while then came back to it. As I had previously said, it IS insanely hard! But I did finally manage to make more progress. I'm now all the way to boss fight with Calaca! It's definitely a good game, although, I still wish they had made a easy mode!"
,Not Recommended,214770,7635827,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Paper Rabbit,"I deleted my rage quit recommendation, here's the more coherent version.Had great promise as a Metroidvania style game, but the ridiculous amount of platforming and level design that is very dependent on really great reflexes and tricky fingers kill any passion I had toward this game. If the option to remap the keys is available, I probably wouldn't have so much gripe to the interface and actually recommend this.  Any type of action/platforming game relies on good control, this one feels tremendously lacking becaues it tends to break the flow/rhythm I've built up.  Combat control works, but anything that involves quickly switching light/dark world becomes awkward due to button placement.  This is even more annoying when the game ACTUALLY recommend you to use a controller for the game but won't give you the option to remap the buttons.  It's only 1 controller profile too, no alternates either.  If you have a distinctive play style and prefer certain button mapping, consider checking out how this one is mapped first before making your purchase.My general sentiments after I first completely beat the game with good ending: It took the Meat Circus of Psychonauts, the speed bike in Battle Toads, the disappearing blocks in Megaman and haphazardly rolled all the frustration bits into this.  Really not a fan of the gimmicky part of the level design.  Just. No."
76561198019058105,Recommended,214770,9035869,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,GRockCity,"A great Little game that harks back to classic console gaming.  A lot platformer and a bit beat em up, just make sure your hands have had a good work out and grab that controller as you will need it.Looks beutifull and some challanging puzzels to keep you occupied and at a great price"
,Recommended,214770,10747341,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[T-DOWN] Banana,"Fun, well done and quite challenging at the highest level of difficulty. Works perfectly on Linux. Awesome!"
,Recommended,214770,8924178,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Mr. Hands,"Great game, buy it while its on sale though. Dont be the guy that pays 15$ and then 2 days later it goes on sale for 3.75$....feels bad man."
76561197992665753,Recommended,214770,8447539,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Durihan,"From agave farmer (used to make tequila) to ultimate luchador, journey with Juan on the quest of a lifetime! Great humour accompanying a fantastic story that's both familiar yet stands apart creates a very enjoyable game. Think Super Mario as a telenovela (it certainly parodies Nintendo often).Great aesthetics, awesome sound track, challenging puzzles and fights, and decent controls all make this a well-rounded must-have if you even remotely enjoy side-scrollers, platformers, and/or brawlers."
,Recommended,214770,8465682,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mortdog247,"Another great Metroid clone. The style is superb, and the platforming is some of the toughest out there. One of the few games that makes you think about what your character can really do, and how do you get through it."
,Recommended,214770,8423090,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rowsdower,"In this game you play as Juan, an agave farmer (not avacado). His childhood love comes back to town from college and then♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan when Carlos Calcala comes from the land of the dead to invade your world. He takes your love and then kills you. You are ressurected with a magical luchador mask.ProsGreat exploration for completionistsGreat fighting (if you think Batman games have good fighitng you are dead wrong)Great villian.It's funny!ConsPlatforming sections that make you switch between dimensions (you gotta have a good reaction time but don't worry you'll get it eventually) I still felt it slowed down the gameplay.No GuacamolePeople say it's short but you can't say that if you haven't beaten El Inferno challenges or found all the items (most of them at least). Or if you haven't beaten hard mode (I have yet to play). My point is that you can say you've played a game but you don't really play it. Guacameele is very fun and solid and makes you come back for more."
,Recommended,214770,8528849,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SolidStrider,"Great vector graphics which looks sharp scaled up close and scaled down.  The controls feel great - especially when you get the in-air juggling combos (your third special move) you feel like a true magical luchador!!!  (Which you are!!!)The soundtrack/music is fun and the presentation is over-the-top.  I really enjoy it.Definitely recommend a Gamepad controller, tho."
,Recommended,214770,8637669,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Megastruktur,"I've searched for an arcade game for a few hours and found this. Screenshots and video seemed to be too bright and ""multicolored"" for me, but I agreed to give this game a chance.Stylish, challenging and funny - Guacamelee offered me a lot of joy time. It's not a casual one, and thought it's great. I recommend this game to every fan of arcade and challenges. Cool  :-)"
,Recommended,214770,8196841,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jorge,fun
,Recommended,214770,4813432,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Super Super Sean,An awesome game! Both entertaining and visually appealing.
,Recommended,214770,8437393,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sockman,"To put it succintly. This. Game. Is. Awesome. Guacamelee! Is just tons of fun from beginning to end. I loved all the hidden easter eggs that pay homage to the classics, such as Mario Bros., Zelda, and Metroid acknowledgments (like the ""choozoo"" statues).Some of my favorite aspects of the game are the soundtrack (which has a wonderful Mexican cutlrual tone) and the gameplay. I enjoy Metroidvania style games, and this one hits the nail on the head. The gameplay is tight and the fighting is fun. The art style is also fantastic, I love it. The story also is not too bad for this genre, it is not on a Metroid level, but intriguing nonetheless. Couple that with fun and unique gameplay mechanics and you have a great game on your hands.As far as gameply goes, I HIGHLY recommend using a controller. There are some tricky platforming parts that are nigh-impossible on a keyboard (they are doable but just unnecsarilly challenging due to the keyboard format.) Either way, I cannot recommend Guacamelee! enough, I would encourage you to purchase it to enjoy this gargantuan gem that is Guacamelee!"
,Recommended,214770,9413810,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sintjago,"What I enjoyed most about this game was its humor and the mexican luchador theme elements. While simple in its delivery, the characters were engaging and memorable. It was spot on. The game can be a bit difficult in the later levels as timing is very important. The game has a good sense of humor and many cities to explore. From teleporting via talking olmec heads, to an emphasis on the day of the dead, roosters, and pinatas, I felt like a mexican luchador hero while playing. Adding the Steam Workshop is a nice bonus. All in all it was a 9/10 for me, and I dont usually play platformers."
,Recommended,214770,8333761,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,peco,"it's like Metroid and Castlevania had a child, and they sent him to some foreign exchange program over in Mexico and he came back an awesome kid who is fluent in spanish."
,Recommended,214770,9133993,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,runtch,Mextroid is fairly short but it has some pretty good replay value. Speed run vs 100% speedrun and whatnot. The memes can ♥♥♥♥ off though.
,Recommended,214770,9436501,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,[YOLO]Rekceb,This is easily one of the finest metroidvania style games I've played on steam. The onlyshameful thing about it is how short it is (~6hrs).
,Recommended,214770,9085542,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,sogno,"Guacamelee é uma mistura entre plataforma e luta, a jogabilidade pode parecer facil, mas quando você precisa combinar os combos no meio de uma luta ela pode ficar bem complexa, ainda mais quando os inimigos começam a possuir os campos de força de cores diferentes. As partes de plataforma podem ser frustrantes por serem bem engenhosas nas partes que você precisa mudar os universos. Essas duas caracteristicas tornam o jogo muito desafiador.Esteticamente o jogo é incrivel, tanto os cenarios quanto os personagens, as animações também são muito bem feitas, os golpes e os especiais.Recomendo!"
,Recommended,214770,9125097,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,idbrii,"Guacamelee! is a well-designed game where the backtracking isn't frustrating and you're fed new powers at a good (albeit predictable) pace.Some parts are really hard (there are several ""Chac Mool"" arenas that test your various skills and a general challenge arena) but optional. I'm not great at the game, and I've made it to the final boss, so it's not impossible (although I don't know if I'll beat the boss).I've definitely had some euphoric moments when I finally got good enough to progress past a challenge -- and I kept at it because it felt like I was making progress. I often give up on notoriously hard games because I feel like I hit a wall. That's not a big problem in Guacamelee!. I gave up on some of the ""Chac Mool"" arenas that test your various skills and some rooms in the challenge arena, but they're optional. Yesterday, I hit a wall at the final boss (but I might come back to fight another day).The humour is good, but the fourth-wall breaking varies from hilarious to grating (eventually I grew tired of the homages to other games). The atmosphere is great (I love Mexican themes) and the music is pretty good.Overall, I think Guacamelee! is a lot of fun and the drop in coop is great."
76561198091305077,Recommended,214770,8655147,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,The Zebula,"After joining Steam recently, I thought that I should buy an indie game as a sort of ""inaugural"" purchase. I quickly stumbled upon Guacamelee! Gold Edition and seeing it got good reviews, I quickly bought it.  And after having playing the game for around 7 hours total(I haven't really played any Metroid styled games before), I really enjoyed my self with this. Love the art style, smooth controls and wonderfully designed combat even with a keyboard which I am using, and last but not least, the music is AWESOME! Certainly one of the most memorable things about this game. Where the games takes place and how the story line handles it is well executed, but this is definitely not the reason to buy this game. My only true complaint with this game is the lack of voice-overs. All the characters are charming, but I feel they could really benefit from voice-actors. So over-all, an amazing game and a great buy for anyone looking to have a good time."
,Recommended,214770,9130415,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Chi,"Mejor juego del pais del nachos! No te olvides de jugar en español!Oh, and it's an awesome metroidvania."
,Recommended,214770,9000797,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,MexiMac,"This game is a solid mix of light hearted humor and great gameplay. If you’re a casual gamer you may give up in certain areas of the game as it definitely becomes very challenging. Overall, the game difficulty does scale appropriately and is a lot of fun to play. Perfect game if you grew up in the 80s and miss the pixel perfect jumps."
,Recommended,214770,8902777,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sancho,A rip roaring good time!
,Recommended,214770,8978564,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Marukyu,"Overall, this game is pretty alright. Not very long by this genre's standards, but it's still a good 9-10 hours if you want to do everything. I'd give it a solid 8/10, but something bugs me.Hard mode is complete and utter trash. I don't usually complain about hard difficulties, hell, I love hard difficulties, but this game wanted to be special. You want a hard mode that smooths out the game's uneven difficulty? ♥♥♥♥ you! Instead, you get a game with even worse difficulty jumps, horribly unbalanced enemy combinations, and a game that, honestly, isn't very entertaining on a second playthrough.But hey, if that's your thing, go right ahead hombre. The game is fun enough on its initial playthrough to warrant the $3.75 price tag I bought it at.6/10"
76561198057953038,Recommended,214770,8948476,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Manos,Good game. A must for metroidvania fans
,Recommended,214770,8394592,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Goedjuh,I like the game very mucho!
,Recommended,214770,8446972,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ichajubi,"Challenging puzzles, satisfying gameplay, awesome soundtrack, mystical goat powers, and tons of easter eggs to discover, all while playing as a Luchador caught between the worlds of the living and dead.  Honestly one of the most fun games I've played all year. The only downfall is that it was over too quickly.  I want more. Sequel?"
76561198022061915,Recommended,214770,9220780,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Tomato Broth,"Bottom Line: This game blew me away!       9/10At first what I saw as a cool looking beat-em up, rapidly changed my view of the game within the first hour of play. Seriously, just give it that much, I guarantee anyone will be hooked by the fantastic combat,  familiar yet developed metroid level design, and engrossing aesthetic. At very minimum the game is entertaining for all of the visual puns concerned with video game culture, putting the player in somewhat of a ""Where's Waldo?"" position in the game's environments."
,Recommended,214770,8379927,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rew,"Your a mexican lucha, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up, you get the girl. Everything i wish real life was."
76561198043079640,Recommended,214770,8813874,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Alex,"Easelly my best game of the year ! Music is great, control are amazingly fluid, not to easy and not to hard...ver very fun game overall."
76561197996431606,Recommended,214770,10295323,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Hexaju,Fantastic game! Funny story and very solid gameplay. My favorite metroidvania
,Recommended,214770,8529050,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,genisage,"Bought this only because I loved the title, and found one of my favorite action games. This game has it all, humor, a decent story, fluid controls, a wise old goat, etc. It's not a very long game, but with hard mode, some challenges, and a co-op mode, it will provide more than enough fun to be worth the price."
76561198066180801,Recommended,214770,8951278,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Jimmy_Carter,"This game is is definite buy. The game is fun and has some element of challenge )mainly when you have to use abilities to jump over acid.) The art is definetly amazing and if you look you may see some characters from other games on posters. The music may be my favourite part. The game looks great, sounds great and is a whole lot of fun."
,Recommended,214770,1953123,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,FuzzieBoy,"This whole game feels solid and plays incredibly well; the fighting and the platforming both manage to be great fun, and get rather challenging later on. The progression works well, and the moves all feel great fun to use. I highly reccomend this game, definitely worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,214770,8350152,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sitzpinkler,"Guacamelee! is an action-platformer with a strong emphasis on combat. The fighting mechanics are easy to pick up right a way, but still deep enough to remain interesting. You'll need to use your special attacks to traverse the environment and the game merges combat and platforming very well. This combined with a dimension-switching mechanic makes for one hell of a platformer! The humour in the game was also spot on for me. With references to other games, movies and various internet memes scattered all over place.I strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,214770,4697659,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,cooliocaptin517,"Alright. There's a part in this game where a goat turned into a man, asked me if my mom was single, gave me a new power, and turned back into a goat. There was also a giant chicken that told me to roll into spike so I wouldn't get damaged, and said it was ""awesome sauce."" Also, there is a training rink with a chicken as a fightning instructor (a different chicken)."
,Recommended,214770,8551995,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Big Bang Blitz,"This one is a little bit on the easy side, but it's a very solid and smart platform action game with an off-kilter theme.Think of this as if it were a modern day Bio-Force Ape with Grim Fandango aesthtics.. fun melee combat enhanced with Pile Drivers and Suplexes, sprawling and genuinely fun to navigate levels, and It even has a poster of Manny Calavera hanging on a wall somewhere."
,Recommended,214770,8548907,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RoyHobbs,This game is old shool hard.  I love it.  It brings me back to the NES days.
,Recommended,214770,10675407,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,VLNs,Holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214770,9239392,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,zatone,"If you like metroidvania games, this is your game. Very good game but short. I am not a fast player at all at took me about 18 hours to complete the whole game, getting all the items(stages to 100%) but the challenges. I am sure that the challenges can take quite some time to master. The sense of humor of the game was nice. As almost all the posters in the village were making fun of another game. The controls are very responsibe and the graphics are okay. I played used a 360 controller, not the keyboard."
76561197977450461,Recommended,214770,9089865,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,EUdaD,"You are Juan, a Mexican fighter equipped with action moves and combo’s on a war path to save a dame in distress who may become yours once you fight and platform your way through strategically arranged battle arena’s, ruthless boss fights, sinister lava pits, maliciously placed reward chests and hidden secrets that will have you navigating the world of the living and the dead in a challenging and rewarding game experience that does not come off as punishing."
,Recommended,214770,8574639,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Caulkhead,"It's hard to talk about this game without talking about Metroid or Castlevania. It's an obvious homage to the older games of Metroid and Castlevania, what many would say is a genre in it's own right. (Metroidvania anyone?).Guacamelee has enough cojones to stand shoulder to shoulder with these older titlesThe game starts you off as a as a regular amigo ""Juan Aguacate"" who becomes the otherworldly super Luchadore to save El Presidente's Daughter the love interest of Juan. She has been kidnapped and whisked away to the nearest Casa de Muertos by the evil, Carlos Calaca and it's up to Juan to save her.As you explore through the huge expanding and beautifully designed areas you earn powers and skills to help you fight of a number of different enemies and to reach areas previous inaccessible. It's the standard formula for Metroidvania games and it has been executed very well here, the game takes it a little further with the Dark and Light side switching that reminded me of Legacy of Kain, which does make for some great brain bending platforming puzzles.The art design in this game is nothing short of stunning and there are pop culture references and meme's galore. It's packed with detail, especially when you start to see the game from both light and dark themes.At first the fighting feels very shallow but it isn't until you gain all your powers and had enough training with the Combo Chicken that it becomes apparent there is a lot of room for creativity in the combat. Knock someone up into the air, jump after them and overhead smash them to to group, pursue them with a ground slam, catch them mid air from a bounce and pile driving them to oblivion. It's a very satisfying experience!Too long? Didn't read? If you're looking for a Metroidvania game with kick♥♥♥♥♥combat, good laughs and beautiful artwork, you should play Guacamelee!"
76561198061162120,Recommended,214770,10907081,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Schmunzelhase,"This game is thoroughly enjoyable if you like fast-paced combat in platformers. Its art style is simple, yet beautiful, and the soundtrack is fantastic. Plus, there is a talking goat and a nice co-op mode.However, there are some extremely frustrating parts in the game that require mastery of the switching-between-worlds-ability that you will aquire on your way to the final boss. Lots of patience will also do the trick!"
,Recommended,214770,10486642,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Myke Greywolf,One of my favorite games of the last couple of years. Controls amazingly and has a wonderfully unique and fresh style and setting that will captivate you.
,Recommended,214770,10394407,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,cjmauney0511,Very entertaining platformer.  Gameplay is solid and the side quests help add to the re-playability.  The slighly offbeat comical nature and loads of hidden easter eggs are a refreshing touch.  Recommended if you're looking for an old school platform experience with a modern feel.
,Recommended,214770,1238273,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,bingostar826,"Really fun with tight controls! a ""metroidvania"" game that isn't afraid to make you laugh at the subtle (and not so subtle) jokes!"
,Recommended,214770,1599953,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Lana CtrlAltDel Rey,This game is boss. It's a metroidvania style game set in mexico. It's got punching and♥♥♥♥♥♥and you're a luchador tryna save el presidentes daughter but you never see el presidente which is not uncommon for mexican families(hah!) There's a bunch of references to other games and stuff but they're all in one area so if that bothers you you can avoid them. I like the characters and the diffculty is just right on normal and on hard you'll want to break everything around you. So its pretty neato. I had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun playing this you should buy it.
,Recommended,214770,2519991,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Spooky Boogie,"I must say I am plesantly surprised here. I went out on a limb and picked this up because it was on sale and came with another game in the bundle. What I didn't expect was for the game to have a very well done plot, fluid and responsive controls, beautiful visuals, numerous game references, and interesting characters. I'm still only a few hours in, but I am already hooked and I believe it was well worth the 13 dollars and change."
,Recommended,214770,2798981,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Rhomega,"Fun action game.  Love the Mexican art style.  Also, never underestimate the power of the roll move."
,Recommended,214770,2806763,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,The™ Baron,"Guacamelee makes very fine use of its life/afterlife-switching mechanic and special moves for some very enjoyable platforming. Those two, along with its grappling-and-throwing-based combat system, consistently keep encounters interesting.The visual style and the music are very memorable as well, and some of the antagonists are actually good characters in their own right.Now, if only the developers hadn't gone overboard with the meme references..."
,Recommended,214770,7642066,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Febel,"Old school beat-'em-up with strong, STRONG overtones of metroidvania style gameplay and backtracking. Generally speaking it's loads of fun and it looks absolutely gorgeous because the aesthetic is drenched in mexican culture, primarily the Dios de las Muertos. The only downsides are it basically requires you to have a controller as some of the later fights are damn  near impossible with keyboard controls alone. There are also some extremely demanding platforming/jump timing sections in order to get life/stamina expansions that are possible to get early on but are so incredibly difficult to do so that you'll likely end up saying ""Screw it, I'll come back later"" and when you do with later upgrades you'll find them to be incredibly easy. Overall one of the best metroidvania games on steam and unquestionably one of the most stylish. If you have a controller to use with your PC then I can't recommend this enough, if not you may want to give this a pass. 8/10"
,Recommended,214770,7750118,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,meepus,"This game is like Viewtiful Joe meets Zelda 2 in the best way possible. The aesthetics are all top notch, the control is fantastic with the xbox 360 gamepad, and the folksy Mexican humor is charming. It is viscerally satisfying to be an undead luchador dressed up in a chicken suit, beating the crap out of bandito skeletons. Drop-in co-op makes this an excellent game to enjoy with a friend."
76561197966458904,Recommended,214770,8599769,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,pootpootmcgoot,"Awesome puzzle, platforming, action beat-em up with a little metroid-vania thrown in for excellent measure!"
76561197960587588,Recommended,214770,10061298,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Dr. Chuck,great game for coop fans!! is more more detailed and polished than it looks on first glancebig recommendation
76561198080641965,Recommended,214770,9349131,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Chani,"do NOT buy this game unless you have a controller. you'll hit infuriating keyboard bugs halfway through. :(that said, it's an awesome game. looking forward to finishing it if I ever do buy a compatible controller."
,Recommended,214770,16129766,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Eery Petrol,"Explore a metroidvania style world riddled with hidden challenges and upgrades as well as vibrant art and off-beat humour, while building up a novel moveset that teriffically unifies twitch platforming and combo fighting. This game is a delight."
76561198025553223,Recommended,214770,10212723,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Silly,"Great Platforming game with some fighting elements, 10/10Wish it was longer"
,Recommended,214770,8825688,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Leweeggee,"This quirky, fun, light heared title is briming with homage, memes, and laughs. Combat is fun and becomes chalenging later in the game. Platforming elements are tight and satisfying."
,Recommended,214770,7569505,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Dave Tacitus,Tight as a gnat's chuff. Great platformer!
76561198008720749,Recommended,214770,8413735,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,luckyloafers,"This game was so amazing! The jokes and puns scattered through out the game don't really seem forced and you get the feeling someone had a lot of fun making this game. The storyline isn't nearly long enough, I really would have loved play more and that is really my only complaint. The variety of moves allow for satisfying combo chains that aren't just given to you by mashing one button. All of of the moves you aquire are satifying and have multiple purposes and keep you exploring the enviorment. Some obstacles have multiple ways to be passed by combing move chain. Other times some of the puzzles and platform timing will have you wanted to snap your remote over your knee... but if it didn't you wouldn't feel like you accomplished anything. There isn't an intense and detailed leveling up system, but the progression and gains in power still feel substantial. The music is incredible and goes so well with every detail of the game. Honestly, can't reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,214770,8511968,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Merlin the Tuna,"Metroid with Luchadores. Hooray!Very smooth combat and platforming with a well put together art style. It's maybe not the most ambitious indie, but it's a good 5 hours of fun. Just make sure you have a controller."
,Recommended,214770,10748643,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Azoquo,I just recently bought Guacamelee Gold Edition. Over all its the most amazing game I ever bought. it was certainly worth the three Dollars. as I am a Hispanic gamer. This Game has a Traditional Mexican Feel in this game its an A in my book. RECOMMEND
,Recommended,214770,10899977,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nemi,This game is rather challenging and regularly made me growl in frustration. I love it! The style and humour is also great.
76561197968134295,Recommended,214770,7754917,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Elessar,"One of my favorite games of 2013.  Tight controls, awesome metroidvania type of gameplay.  It's fun to go back with new abilities to power-up your guy.  Combat is a blast.  Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,214770,8353663,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Suttles,"Easily one of the best indie games i've ever purchased.  If an action platformer, a beat em up, and metroidvania had a child this would be the child.  In this game you fight and grapple the enemies, as well as using moves you unlock throughout the games.  All of your moves can combo together.  For example, I can use my upward punch, then jump up and rooster claw(upward attack that shoots you up too.  This is useful all game to help you platform as well.), attack them multiple times, then either groundpound them, headbutt them away, or grapple them and follow up with one of my throws.  I could always piledrive my enemy, kick them 20 feet away, or do a deadly suplex to help wipe out the enemies that might await below me.The enemies have a good variety, even tho I wish it had more.   I felt like with a little more variety amongst the enemies, this game would have been so much more fun.For now, I'll give it a 8.5/10.  I truly recommend this gem of a game, on sale or off."
76561198011067834,Recommended,214770,8387780,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,greyJaawtian,Excellent sophisticated platformer for fans of Metroid.  The world switching is a cool mechanic that amps up the difficulty later on.  Can't recommend it enough.
76561198072280599,Recommended,214770,8357458,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,n7_sheperd,first world problems bought this game for 9.99 then it goes on sale.  well worth it though they should have added armor or something like that make it more awesomer
,Recommended,214770,8729550,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Merkaba311,"Without a doubt, one of the best games ever made.  I could try to describe what sets this game apart from so many other platformers, but you have to experience it to understand.  These days, there are a lot of games that pay homage to games of the past, but Guacamelee takes everything from the past and builds on it.  Sure, it isn't the first ""Metroidvania"" game, but in my opinion, it is by far the best and most creative.  Everything from amazing animation and visuals, tight controls, and an awesome sound track, make this the best game I've played in the last five years.If you are wondering whether you should get it, get it.  The only thing that might disappoint you is when the game is over."
,Recommended,214770,8626657,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Vic Ferrari,"this game is awesome. very attractive art, funny, luchadors. a must if you love the classic super mario side scroller style. also very challenging. first game to make my palms sweat in a long time"
,Recommended,214770,8567248,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MoBayRasta,Awesome game. reminds me of my youth playing the original metroid on the NES!
76561197994097734,Recommended,214770,8555889,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The BLewis,"Great game, highly recommend, buy it now."
,Recommended,214770,8381419,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lolager4now,"A surprisingly solid platformer. I love the visual style and the countless video game references are pretty funny. The biggest reason why this game is so enjoyable is its ability to mix platforming and combat together. While it is a bit too short story wise, it has a lot of secrets to discover, and the well designed levels are an encouragement to explore. If you want to get 100% with a good ending, get ready to suffer as some of the challenges, platform puzzles in particular, are ridiculously unforgiving. One of the challenges nearly drove me insane and I couldn't count how many times I failed. Nevertheless, very enjoyable metroid-style platformer."
76561198060445433,Recommended,214770,9864322,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,netcrawler123,"Guacamelee! is a fantastic game.I haven't been so enthralled with a game since Super Mario Bros. It's family - friendly, looks good, sounds great, the concept is fresh, and an entertaining challenge. Supports co-op, gamepads, and has Workshop features.Haven't completed the game as of this writing, but i've been enamored with what i've played so far. The game has an opened combat system and encourages exploration, so I feel once I've finished I won't mind playing again and again on ocassion. Additionally, I've purchased this game more than once (due to game bundles), its safely worth the asking price, and definitely worth the sales price. Hope this helps, cheers!"
,Recommended,214770,9687330,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,shinigami,Awesome game to play together with a friend in it's co-op mode
,Recommended,214770,11023475,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Colink,"Guacamelee is a welcome change to the usual side scrollers we see every other day now.Offering a funny story, a whole punch of references and a beautiful world that can be explored.It has very interesting combat and various combos and special moves that you can perform.I'm only a part-way through the game but my expirence has amazing and I can't wait to play some more!Highly recommended!"
76561198047260451,Recommended,214770,11185884,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Solaris777,"This is a very fun game, with many Easter Eggs! Love it."
,Recommended,214770,8393475,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,R,"Do you like quick melee sidescrolling combat and adventure (and tacos). Then you'll love Guacamelee! This Mexican themed action platformer is set in in the colourful world of luchadores and the not-so-colourful world of the dead (which is still nice to look at anyway). The fighting is fast paced with plenty of moves and enemies to mix it up. There are also puzzle solving elements, where the player (that's you!) has to utilise the new techniques you have learned and quick reactions to solve them all. The music is also beautifully well suited, as are all the sound effects.The game can be a bit challenging at times when you're facing multiple enemies in different dimensions, but by no means is it impossible. There is a hard mode available after completion of the game if you found the first run through too easy.The game however, is quite short unfortunately. I finished it in 5:15, though that was with completing most all of the puzzles along the way (which probably made it easier for me anyway). That said, there are a number of side quests that I did not complete, and with multiple costumes also available, combined with the hard mode, there is some replayability in this game.Another feature, though I have not tried it out, is co-op mode. Could be fun, but not necessary anyway.The story isn't too bad - typical save the princess stuff with a Mexican and underworld theme mixed into it. The dialogue can be funny at times, but I think the only decent material was when references to other games were made. I feel like the developers tried too hard with this, and perhaps should have been more subtle most of the time - to me it seems they relied upon it too much.Guacamelee is fun, beautiful to look at, and engrossing, which is why I recommend it, but considering it's length, I would wait for a sale so as to get more bang for your buck."
,Recommended,214770,20626239,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Mikkel,"Fun story, good controls and full game local co-op.... there are also some frustratingly hard jump puzzles.I love it."
76561197970533003,Recommended,214770,8928243,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,scottishmentat,An extremely fun game- kid friendly too. My 5 year old son and I played through the entire game together and had a blast.
,Recommended,214770,8355782,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,6spooky9me,Clever and stylish with beautiful visuals and an equally stellar soundtrack. 5/5 go loco.
,Recommended,214770,11517321,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Trudelgy,"Awesome art style, a tight combat system, and unique dynamics, culminate into one kick♥♥♥♥♥brawler/platformer/puzzle game."
,Recommended,214770,10823973,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LittleHerdez,"Great game. Reminded me of old school Metroid. If anybody loved those kinds of game, this is the game to get."
,Recommended,214770,2985995,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Shroud3d,"This game honestly surprised me. At first, it looks and feels just like any indie Metroidvania game. However, Guacamelee is actually extremely polished and the control scheme is one of the best I've ever seen (using an x360 controller).The game offers a ton of fun and unique mechanics, solid combat and all the usual maps to explore and bosses to fight, pretty much what you can expect from a solid platformer. all done with very cute graphics and a cheerful soundtrack. This gives Guacamelee a certain sense of lightheartedness, despite getting quite difficult at times.After the main storyline, there's still more to do; a hard mode that makes the combat a bit more challenging, and optional challenge rooms in the Infierno, which will put your platforming, creativity and reaction skills to the test.Definitely my game of the year."
,Recommended,214770,233669,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Sleeper,a really good Metroidvania game
,Recommended,214770,8959546,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ironic meme name,Absolutely excellent
,Recommended,214770,9247232,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kusazo,"I fully recommend Guacamelee! it is  a good game, it is a metroid-esqe game. It is a 2d side scroller beat-em-up, it has a lot of exploration and there is some backtraking to places when you get new abilities. The combat is pretty basic at the start but once you gain more abilities the combat is very fun, it involves a lot of combo juggling, but mashing buttons works too albeit less efficient. The platforming in the game is pretty decent and fairly managable, however many of the optional areas can have really hard platforming puzzles, but these are optional. The setting is very vibrate and has a lot of sense of humor, the game is littered with indie game cameos and references. Guacamelee! is an execellent game filled with exploration, combat and platforming. I recommended purchase."
,Recommended,214770,8926437,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Dune Tiger,"Hey, hombre, you're probably looking at this game wondering if it's worth your hard-earned pesos.  Why else would you be reading a review from a perfect stranger?  'Cause if I know you, I've probably already told you to pick this game up.  And if you haven't already done so, why not, Ryan??However, for a short time (as this is being written), the game is just under $4.  There is absolutely NO reason to pass up this game at that price.  Hell, even at the full $15 it's worth the ride.What you get is a beautifully-animated luchador-flavored Metroid romp in a massively sprawling world that was so good, they made it TWICE!  That's right.  Twice.  That means two times, you idiot.  You know how like in Symphony of the Night they flipped the castle upside down and you went through it all over again?  Well, it's kind of like that except the other version of the map is the DEATH MIRROR world that you can flip between in REAL TIME... after you unlock the ability, of course.  You are, after all, only a lowly masked luchador brawler to begin with, but as with all Metroid-style games, the more you play, the more powerful you become.Not convinced?  How about you can play this game co-op with a friend?  No?  How about you can buy costumes for both characters that change the way you play the game?  Still no?  How about the game has amazingly realized mariachi-style music throughout the entire journey?  Not yet?  How about there is a MASSIVE screen-filling boss in the first third of the game that will scare the bejeezus out of you??  How about brain-teasing platform puzzles coupled with an insanely deep, yet simple-to-execute combo system???!  IS THERE ANY WAY TO PLEASE YOU?!?!  MUST THE GAME BE MADE IN UNREAL ENGINE FOR YOU TO BE SATISFIED?!?!Listen, let's talk writing, then.  Are we going to talk writing or are you going to break my balls?  Good.  The writing is fantastically whimsical and funny.  Some of it is very cheesy, but it's always intentionally so.  The story is all about standard heroics - your lady friend has been kidnapped and you're out to save her.  But there's other things going on as well, in the background.  You'll meet the bosses long before you have to fight them and learn about them.  You'll find out that the main baddy, who is like Manny Calavera dressed as one of the Three Amigos, is only the main baddy because [MINOR SPOILER] he told the devil that he didn't have a job anymore.  What are you going to do about it, hombre?  Nothing?  Nothing?!?!  Aw, man, you're breakin' my balls here, you're breakin' my balls.Look, do yourself a favor and get this game.  If the obvious references to Metroid aren't enough to convince you, maybe the endless meme-posters and indie-game tributes, hidden easter eggs, and odd obsession with chickens might be able to convince you.  And if you're still not convinced, then I suppose you can go back to your cookie-cutter AAA games that you've played a million times over.  Try something new, muchacho.Seriously, you're breakin' my balls."
76561197969267203,Recommended,214770,9075668,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,John,A bit to much pit jumping for my taste... 7/10 C+ good but not that great
,Recommended,214770,8837677,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"dr. slit juice, MD","An amazing Metroid-like platformy thing. So goddamned great, but you really need a controller to pull off some of the moves you need to advance. Such a good game and great reference to older games that you really should check it out. I'd recommend it on console first though unless you have a good controller."
76561197964749852,Recommended,214770,11938074,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jarv,"Bottom Line :A platformer with lots of personality, a warming aesthetic, and ""deep-enough"" combat mechanics that make it an absolute joy to play from start to finish.This one was completely overlooked when it was first released and just finding it now seems like an injustice unto itself. There is so much character within this game, from the enviornments, the creatures, the artstyle, everything seems to be birthed from a powerful imagination that knew exactly what it wanted to be in the end.The store description ""a Metroid-vania style action-platformer"" is absolutely spot on as you will find yourself coming back to completed areas to utilize new abilities you have learned to access new locals and secrets. It feels very rewarding but, also demonstrates and inherent skill in level design. The combat too is very easy to get into but, surprisingly deep for what it is; I found some combonation attacks to require a fair amount of skill to pull off, should you ever choose to dig beneath the surface of the basic attacks.If you enjoy platformers, buy it.If you were ever a huge fan of Super Metroid for the SNES and want to break more Chozo statues, buy it.If not, wait till it goes on sale, then buy it."
76561198046212364,Recommended,214770,11566652,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Milf Hunter,Guacs my socks
76561197991701782,Recommended,214770,10809243,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[PINK❤SQUAD] King of Mangoes,"The most accurate representation of Luchador's life since ""Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy""."
,Recommended,214770,11891388,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Big J McNasty,I'm actually buying an UPDATED version of the same game. That pretty much sums up how good it is.
,Recommended,214770,19662096,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,catneep,Made me feel proud of being mexican.
76561198124644123,Recommended,214770,21308756,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Alexiusbear,"An amazing game all around. Funny story, authentic characters that will not be forgotten. Neat and pleasent art designs and graphics. Very cool progression system by unlocking new moves which let you backtrack and find more treasures and upgrades for your health and stamina. Quite challanging especially on hard difficulty and the game does not feel cheap during boss fights. Bring a friend along and enjoy a brilliant platform game. 10/10. P.S. I whish I had discount in Hernandos*."
,Recommended,214770,25472387,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dieguinfff,"Both games are great,funny,well done,indie, just give it a try"
,Recommended,214770,22788371,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Hem,"Yeehaa! The Action-Platformer genre is not dead!What a great gameplay (although it takes a few hours to get used to it), what a great world design (kind of Metroidish but very basic), and what great art/charater design (the world, characters and musics are splendid).Overall a really authentic and honestly made goodness, with an oldschool touch. The story is funny and there are many eastereggs and various things to collect (old platformer style). Beware though: the game is VERY hard sometimes, I mean if you try to finish it on hard mode with 100%! All in all yes, I do recommend."
76561198014531615,Recommended,214770,9777823,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,nickthealmighty,"Great and unique Metroidvania style game. The luchador/Mexican-culture style to it is really refreshing, along with the bizarre sense of humor the developers have. Highly recommend it."
76561198119524597,Recommended,214770,10556339,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cyrus,fun game better played with a gamepad .
,Recommended,214770,8525493,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pie.hD,"I get a strong Shantae vibe from Guacamelee; both games exist in a fantastic setting with an atypical occupation (Bellydancers in Shantae, and Luchadors in Guacamelee) and offer a constant stream of upgrades with corresponding puzzles. However, unlike Shantae, Guacamelee has a strong emphasis on combat, and the controls are completely tight.Guacamelee doesn't seem to be a particularly long or challenging game, but it is incredibly fun and well made. There are dozens of references to other video games, both classic and obscure, and this is clearly a game made with a love of the craft. I definitely recommend this game, especially if you catch it on sale.EDIT: I believe I spoke too soon as to the difficulty of this game. While the main quest may not pose much of a challenge, getting 100% complete requires split second combo reflexes the likes of fighting game professionals. If you are looking for a challenge, you will find one here."
,Recommended,214770,9049543,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,MF Viewtiful,"That's right fools! It's my first review.Guacamelee feels like a mix-tape of ""best-of"" 2d side scrollers. It's one part hardcore platformer, one part open metroidvania, and one part action game. The parts make greater whole, which a fantastic game. Levels are interesting. The jumps are great. And the combat is emmaculate and meaty. One of the best combat engine to be found in a 2d game.The music and visuals are most definatley a highlight. While most video-games go for a try-hard ""epic"" score or bad butt rock, Guacamelee draws on a unique source of inspiration (traditonal Mexican music) and fuses it with a very classic video game sound for a soundtrack unlike anything else. The Mexican inspiration  also carries over the visuals. The results is very aesthetically excellecent complient to the some great mechanics.The humor and reference are hit-or-miss. The video games tend to be charming as hell, while the meme ones are cringe-worth, in my opinion.With that said, Guacamelee is excellent game in nearly all regards. It the type of game that's not afraid to have some fun. If you like 2-d action games at all, buy it. You won't regret it."
76561198039439787,Recommended,214770,8529142,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,sam,"In Guacamelee! you play as the underdog luchador hero Juan, fighting to save the doncella hermosa, El Presidente's daughter from the clasps of Calaca, the king of the dead. You play in a beautiful landscape, with a vibrant, blocky texture to it, and the music combines traditional, mexican mariachi with electro pop, resulting in a really awesome soundtrack.I can easily say that this game gave me the most enjoyment a 2d platformer ever has in the past. With many hours of content, including some really fun and fluid combat which doesn't get old quickly, as well as some very well done megaman-style platforming challenges, this game is definitely worth the money. 10 out of 10."
76561198018226027,Recommended,214770,33078626,Posted: 1 July,all,YWN - Level 2 Judge,"Super fun game! The controls are nice (if you play with a controller), the graphics and music are very appealing and give a very unique style to the game, it's challenging but not the impossible ""treat playing this game as a second job to get any good at it"", and it's HILARIOUS! The amount of references and easter eggs hidden in the game are superb and the dialogue is amazing! Really recommend it if you like metroidvania-style games."
,Recommended,214770,8294662,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Leviathan,Great game. Definitely recommend a gamepad though
76561198040145109,Recommended,214770,8526775,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RichardEpsilonHughes,"This is a tight, well-tuned metroidvania with spectacle fighter beat-em'-up combat. The combat scales from the trivial to the relentless:- Some attacks can be dodged, others cannot.- Enemies can be shielded with barriers that make them invulnerable until one of four specific attacks is used against them, or until they are pummeled with several attacks quickly.- Enemies can be in either the land of the dead or the land of the living. They can attack you from either but you can only attack them if you're in the same world as them.But you have several tools to outmaneuver them:- Daze your enemies and then smash them around with wrestling throws to use them as projectiles or area-stun effects.- Four distinct special attacks that launch you or your enemies in different directions.- Turn in to a chicken and peck the bejebus out of your enemies to rack up higher combos.- Freely phase between the living world and the land of the dead.- Dodge through enemy attacks to rack your combos higher and negate damage.- Lock enemies in aerial combos for a moment's respite from the earth.- Unlock outfits with special powers.If the game was only a beat-em'-up it would still be nearly worth the price of admission - but the various combat tools you attain are also the methods by which you unlock additional areas to traverse. The game strongly rewards exploration with both practical benefits (more life and more whuppin' fuel) and significant soft benefits (a better ending than the default for finding five main secrets).All of this is backed by a crisp sense of humor, good writing, and a consistent mythology based in incan myth and mexican folklore. Critically, the controls are very tight - at least with an XBox 360 controller, which I had - which allows you to play with confidence that it won't glitch you out. If you have interest in metroidvania's or spectacle fighters, Guacamelee is well worth your time."
,Recommended,214770,8614092,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Pyro;Socks,"I absolutely love this game, buy it now!That being said, this is a really intelligent, polished and fun metroidvania game. Metroidvania is probably my favorite video game genre, and this one gets it right. While the game doesn't have a large focus on exploration, its still there. The combat is legitimately fun, and is not just tacked on like in many games of the genre. The platforming sections are very interesting and can get challenging. The atmosphere and setting are very unique and cool. The music is beautiful and fitting. The humor is quite good, I laughed out loud a good deal at some of this game's jokes.I think the coolest thing about this game is the way that platforming and combat are integrated. As you progress in the game you gain combat moves, powerful punches and such. These moves are used in combat, but also are the backbone of platforming. For example the first move you learn is an uppercut that launches you upwards in the air. And while useful for combatting enemies and sending them skyward, the uppercut can also be used as a ""double jump"" of sorts.Highly, highly recommended."
76561198063624929,Recommended,214770,20814220,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Frost E. Bear,Excellent art style and music! Controls are difficult and it doesn't read the input very well at times. A lot of color in this game. One of the best platform games I have ever played.
,Recommended,214770,8678365,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,HalfZombieMan,"Beautiful and fun to play.  I've you like Metroid, you'll love this game.  If you hate Metroid, you should seek thearapy.  It's just a game, it never did anything to you."
76561198043792073,Recommended,214770,8704472,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ivgin,"A lovely platformer, lots of challenging obstacles and enemies. Be careful, while the graphic style is childish and cute, the difficulty is way above average :)"
76561197999233455,Recommended,214770,8566825,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,PitiBow,"Best game ever. It's Zelda/Metroid exploration and puzzles with Smash Bros. fighting. Lots of neat secrets and endgame challenges. You know its a real man's game when the babies on the forums complain that its ""2hard"". Just ignore the memes."
,Recommended,214770,8942258,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Dasmais,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DON'T HAVE A CONTROLLER.I can not stress that enough. I bought the game and naively thought I could play it just fine without a controller. I was wrong. The combos and platforming get so complex that my keyboard had a bit of a heart attack and so did my fingers, they both couldn't take so many keys at the same time. Then was having a hard time preforming one of the first combos you learn due to this problem. I took a screen shot of it for this review, it's in my screenshots if you'd like to see. Anyways, So I had to dig through some boxes and after two hours I programmed a controller to the game. Gaucamelee is severly hard without a controller, it was so hard I began to rage at the keyboard. But after getting a controller the game became very pleasant to play.It is such a well done game it made it on my favorites list. It combines platforming, humor, puzzles and fighting and creates a very enjoyable and entertaining atmosphere. The combat is really strong whearas in a similar metroidvania like game, Castle Crashers it really doesn't deal such a ""GIVE ME MORE COMBAT"" feel which is rare in these types of games. The controls are nice and run smooth on a CONTROLLER. But again not on a keyboard. The animation is very amusing and fun to look at. And that about covers it. My opinion, it is a must own if you have a controller. Lots of fun and a lot of reply value I might add. So if you have the money I highly suggest it. My final rating is 9/10."
,Recommended,214770,9187744,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,WineCannon,"A gorgeous, fun to play game that is brought down by stupid, unnecessary internet jokes. Ugh."
,Recommended,214770,8046758,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,wgren,Very nice little puzzle platformer. Challenging without being too difficult (unless you want 100% completion as is usually the case). Lovely lovely art and music. Many sly little references to other games all over the place. Spot the Manny Calavera poster when in the land of the dead!
76561198076019955,Recommended,214770,9148128,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Colonel Panic (not sure),This game is driving me crazy!  ....gotta get back to it
,Recommended,214770,8795282,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ADK,"Best Side Scroller in loong time , too many easter eggs"
,Recommended,214770,10872021,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hadez | hellcase.com,"Great Game! Truly. Its great fun and super addictive. The story is: cool, funny and entertaining to say the least! True it can be very frustrating at times when you can't get past an area, but if you keep trying you are guaranteed to eventually get past it! It also has some truly great easter eggs and funny references. There is even a Minecraft reference in there. Most people will tell you that you Need to play it with a controller, this is not true! It is easier with a controller but playing it on the keyboard is just as good. Brilliant game an absolute must have! Also I just want to mention this game just holds up and will as time goes on. In 10 years this game will be a classic no doubt!"
,Recommended,214770,9470872,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,✯SAUCE✯,"This game helped me through my Spanish 1 class. If you need to learn some stuff about Mexican culture, buy this game now. Jeremy Clarkson approves this message."
,Recommended,214770,32629993,Posted: 21 June,all,Switch,"Short but so, so sweet. Amazing game, amazing music, get it if you can."
,Recommended,214770,8498046,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Attckcat,"When I first saw this I was like meh, but then I read the reviews and decided to try it.I'm happy I did!Pretty solid game with great graphics and story, like a melee Metroid with dozens of great references all over the place and plenty of moments that made me laugh out loud.Also the music is amazing. Get the soundtrack.The only downside was no online coop, but otherwise no problems at all!MUST GET."
76561198065638497,Recommended,214770,8355702,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BeetleBailey,"I just started this game but due to the fact that is on a sale at the moment, I want to say get this game. If you like platforming beat em ups, metroidvania (kinda), and an all around fun game with really great background artwork and funny commentary this is a great deal on a very fun game."
,Recommended,214770,12164668,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,[nub✔]Lordvaughn,"A very fun and unique take on the metroid-vania genre.  Guacamelee! is easy to get into but offers plenty of challenge for those that want it.  A word of caution though, when the game does get difficult, you'll want to throw your controller."
,Recommended,214770,11853100,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,pabloandnene,"Great art style and fighting mechanics. Some of the platforming is insane, but not impossible. Can't say I didn't scream in frustration a few times, but with some practice I got through to the end. Well worth it."
76561198082552419,Recommended,214770,11024060,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,barnaba,"Well executed combination of two awesome classic genres - side scrolling fighter and platformer. The linux version is really good compared to what other developers have to offer (looking at you ronimo!).The game is hard enough to be interesting while not being annoying. Battles in normal mode are a little boring, except maybe few boss fights at the end. Dialogues and characters are well written, but the story isn't taking to much time - and that's great, reading is for wusses.TL;DR one of the best platformer ever, will entertain you for ~6 hours minimum. Plenty more if you want to hunt achivements, gold medals and try hard mode."
,Recommended,214770,19376833,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,GamerGuy282,"All together this is a great game, the music is great, the combat is great, the visuals are great and the bosses are great (Can you see a pattern). I played this game using a keyboard and found that some parts were pretty difficult and the last two boss battles were super hard, this game pretty much requires you to play using a controller unless you want to try the same puzzle over and over again. But overall this is worth ever dollar."
,Recommended,214770,8333836,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Iceciro,"This game is awesome. It's just bloody awesome. I'm gonna hate myself in the morning, but I had to sit here and play it all night. It's fantastic. It's like metroid if samus was a mexican luchadore and they stole some of King of Fighter's combo system with Eversion's swap mechanics and then added a hefty dose of zaniness."
76561198129700448,Recommended,214770,23501291,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tantarboy,Awsome referencesAwsome musicAwsome artAwsome game
,Recommended,214770,17784794,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,BrutolMotent,"Guacamelee is a 2D high-flying combo action and platforming game. The overall theme, music, and graphics are all blended together to make this game a very memorable and fun experience. Some levels or areas can be a bit frustrating as you will need to have precision control and some puzzles can be very tricky, just check out a walk-through or a video to get you passed these areas. There's a ton of content with unique achievements, challenges, hidden goodies, collectibles and costumes to unlock. The game also has a two-player option for local co-op bashing!"
,Recommended,214770,8519309,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Magical Purple Man,"What can i say about this came other than, Amazing.The experience i had with the game was perfect in almost everyway.It has a nice combat system with a bunch of super moves which you can easily link together for long and powerful combos, Beautiful graphics, an Amazing Soundtrack, Allows you to download free custom skins via the Steam Workshop including some by Drinkbox Studios themselves, Amazing sound design, a fun difficulty curve, A nice amount of challenge and the ability to turn into a Chicken at will.Only downside is there is no Online Co-op, but if you aren't going to buy the game for that reason, to be frank you are missing out9.5/10 Would buy at full price"
,Recommended,214770,8313113,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SimonG,"I can highly recommend Guacamelee! to anyone who likes the metroidvana style gameplay and owns a gamepad. The game really shines in the gameplay department. Hardly have I seen a game with such an excellent control scheme and playability. While the game can be hard at times (very hard if you are going for 100%), it is never frustrating as every mistake can be identified and fixed for the next try. The intricate plattforming segments that some of the ""dungeons"" feature give a feel of ""gamepad ballet"" while going through them. A good progression system, charming story, funny characters are further reasons to try this game out. As it sees sales more frequently these days, there really isn't any reason to hold off buying this game anymore if you have the slightest interest in metroidvana plattformers. (And own a gamepad. Seriously, I wouldn't try playing this with a keyboard.)"
76561198114125578,Recommended,214770,8459839,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RockyBalbroa,"What can I say about this game that has not already been stated in other reviews? Let me start by saying this started out as an extremely fun platformer. It has a great art style and the music is great for this style of platformer. The game mechanics involve turning into a chicken (yes, that's right) and bouncing between the Land of the Living and the Land of the Dead while trying to wall jump and not fall. The problem is the game gets entirely way too difficult way too soon. I found myself screaming at my keyboard at moments. I can't remember the last time I felt so infuriated by the dificulty of a game. Don't get me wrong once you get past certain annoying parts this game has the bones to be one of the best platformers this year. My only advice to those who decide to play this game is to bring anti-anxiety medication along for the FUN but extremely DIFFICULT game. All the best!!"
,Recommended,214770,13398695,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,More like Rai-don't!,"Well, after some thought, this game was pretty good, all things considered. What with the lack of Mexican characters that aren't a joke/generally pointless in most of the things I've seen, I was expecting the game to be dumb as all hell. It's nice to be proven wrong over these kinds of things; any of the stereotypes attributed to Mexicans present in the game are harmless and I'd be a hard sell for anyone to tell me almost anything in the game is racist or just plain stupid. (Before anyone brings it to my attention, if you're the kind of person who gets bent out of shape by dumb internet jokes instead of just ignoring them or, god forbid, laughing at them, then damn son, that's real sad.) The general feel of the first town, Pueblucho, reminds me of my mother's hometown, Zinapécuaro, while the bigger town, Santa Luchita, reminds me of the current home of a lot of my cousins, Morelia. It's all colorful and♥♥♥♥♥♥ which is excellent because that's what a lot of buildings are like when you hit the right towns.The actual gameplay is tight and flows decently. You've got your standard 3-hit combo, your tosses (and special throws), and moves meant to keep the combo going or catch up to a distant enemy. The fact that you can dodge-cancel in this game to quickly recover and continue your attacks is good and I wish a couple more games would do this. The special moves are also good because the game's layout makes you think about how to get across the many obstacles you'll run into. You eventually learn things such as a double jump to make both combat and platforming easier, as well as possible in certain situations. The color-coded armor-breaking system was alright, but the any-hit, layered shields were a bit annoying to work against due to how fast they regenerated. I would never call the system impossible to work with as long as you actually paid some damn attention to the tutorial and practiced for more than five minutes.The chests are all spaced out and placed in locations that will test your skills. I did enjoy that collecting enough chests filled with money would allow you to buy all the upgrades you needed, in case combos in this game were not your strong point (for whatever reason). Some of the energy and health pick-ups were the most fun I've had in a 2D platformer in a long time. The pieces of the mask (which were given to you by orbs) are the most challenging items to shoot for in this game, or at least the ones that required you to master the platforming sections. Basically, the secrets in this game are great and were placed where they needed to be without being such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to hunt for.The music is amazing and makes me pretty damn happy while playing. The differences between the Living World tracks and the Dead World tracks match the appropriate World. The Living World tracks are, well, lively and active, they make you feel festive and want to do things. The Dead World tracks are a bit moody, but you can feel the spirit of excitement that was once there (or still is there, I guess, since you ARE there). The celebratory yells that occur during some tracks are good additions and make them feel more fitting.The art is damn beautiful and colorful, even the Dead World sections. While I don't really care much for the flashing sections of art (I'm not at risk, they're just kind of whatever), everything else is good. Every enemy has a clear silhouette and is hard to lose track of, even when they're in the opposite world. Every attack you do gives off this energy and power that such moves would generate, like you're a super-hero (though some could argue you pretty much are). The only complaint I would give is there was one attack by a flying enemy (the name escapes me atm) that would spit fire-like projectiles at you, but you could dodge through them just fine, while another enemy with a large hammer can strike you and it's not immediately obvious that the red flow of energy around the hammer when it falls is actually fire. Other than that, it all makes sense.In short, this game is good and if I had the cash on hand to go for the upgraded re-release, I would do so, even at full price."
76561198013723081,Recommended,214770,21331315,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,RPG Gamer Man,"A great game that is metroidvania and shows cultural values from spanish culture. The one thing i really like about this game is the cultural aesthetics from spanish culture. The game is quite enjoyable too, but i really like games that delve into other cultures and enrich the gamer with the experience. One great example of this is how the hero uses a luchador mask to cover his real identity..that of a simple farmer. There are many things that pop out of this game that are like that, but i don't with to ruin your gaming experience by delving too deep into them in this game. I hope you enjoy this game as much as i have. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,214770,1547304,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,noibn,"Guacamelee is the latest competitor to enter the 'Metroidvania' wrestling ring (see what I did there?)... har har. Ahem. So it is a worthy descendant of the classics? In a word, yes. There's a lot to like about this one. First of all, the Mexican style/setting is something I can't recall ever seeing in a game before, and it actually works really well. The characters are cool and the writing is decent. Secondly, the combat is surprisingly deep and can be challenging at times. You play as a luchador and mainly utilize wrestling moves to take down your opponents. After beating on a guy for a bit, you get the option to grapple and toss them. This ends up being really fun, especially when you start racking up huge combos by throwing dudes into a group of other dudes. It's not simply a mindless beat-'em-up, though. There is a deeper layer of strategy and skill required, as certain enemies can only be defeated with careful timing or by using specific special moves to break their defenses first. It's not too hard versus 1 or 2 enemies, but when the game throws a screen full of baddies at you with projectiles flying all over the place, it can actually get a bit challenging. Aside from combat, the game also mixes in some classic 2D platforming. Some of these sections will really put your skills to the test, as they require precise coordination of various moves to be strung together very quickly. This could have potentially been very frustrating, but luckily, the game is very forgiving when it comes to the platforming. If you fall to your ""death"", you just end up back on the most recent platform you touched with no other penalty. While this may seem dumbed down, you'll be glad for it... trust me. Overall, the game does a great job of tuning the balance of difficulty between its various systems. The toughest parts are probably the boss fights, which require patience, observation and exploitation of patterns. You'll be challenged, but with a bit of practice, you'll eventually get by. Depending on how quickly you play or how completionist you want to get, the game will last you anywhere from 9-13 hours, and many more if you plan to go for the best ending or complete all of the challenges in the ""El Infierno"" DLC level (included for free). So it's a good value for the money (and I haven't even touched at all on how many gaming references and other neat touches can be found throughout). Guacamelee is a serious love-fest for gaming fans and especially those who love the Metroidvania sub-genre. If that sounds like you, then pick this one up without hesitation.Technical notes: I know I say this for almost every sidescroller, but seriously, I mean it this time - you are gonna want to use a gamepad for this one (specifically an Xbox360 controller if you have one). I suppose it's possible to play this with a keyboard, but I sure as hell wouldn't want to. Some of the platforming and combat sections need split-second finesse maneuvering, which is hard enough even with a controller. The developers even put up a note at the start of the game that they recommend using a controller. Whenever I see those warnings in a game from a developer, I have learned to heed them. You probably should too. So think twice about buying this if you don't have a gamepad with the standard layout of buttons/sticks."
76561198037298905,Recommended,214770,13416860,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Just Slim,"9/10An inovative Jump'n Run game with a beautiful and funny atmosphere.The complex Movement and Fighting- control is introduced step by step, and after a while of playing you find yourself handle the complex control with easyness. (Controller recommended)A nice Open World Jump' n Run full of jokes, hidden chests and of course a bunch of little sidequests/minigames you find in several citys. My favorite was the challenging Combo Chicken House :)When you are into Jump'n Run OR Beat'em Up games with a high Combo spectrum, you have to experience this game.Why 9/10?The game is great, but 13 € are a little bit too much in my opinion for a game like this with a pretty short main story. I bought it on the Canadian Devolper Sale, when it came out new. That they didnt drop the price again since its on the market, tells you about the quality and popularity of the game."
,Recommended,214770,13808221,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,GeoffTittle,"There are one or two exceptions but generally I don't play platformers. Guacamelee! is one of those games that if I saw a friend play I would say ""Balls to that, it looks blummin' infuriating!"".And I'd be right. It is infuriating. Jumping from wall to wall, all the while shifting dimensions to ensure that the wall you are jumping to actually exists else you'll have to start the whole darn climb all over again! It is blummin' infuriating... but IT WILL NOT BEAT ME! I will keep playing this game until I have beaten it!!!... and that I suppose is an endorsement... It is doing my head in but by Jove I shall carry on!(I accept that it may be infuriating me as I am a bit rubbish - so if that's what you're thinking - yes, you may be right :) )"
76561197987273981,Not Recommended,214770,8301331,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cunin,"Charming and with a lot of style in every way.I would gladly recommend this game if you are a semi-hardcore or more platformer.However for everybody else, be fairly warned,The game has a tendency to have one or two basic ideas (world switch and color shields) and then mercilessly repeat them again and again and again and ... absolutely endlessly again ... in ever more cumbersome ways, which is it way of adding content and ""difficulty"".It becomes painful over time and in some ways punishing.Add to this that it also creeps into fights (color shields, warp between worlds, white shields, bombs, bombs with shield .. you get the idea) and it becomes mindnumbing.Also if you do not own a controller save your self some headaches and pass on this game. It is excruciating without one as the keyboard setup sadly makes the above even worse.Frankly, the game badly needs a bye option where it lets you pass after a certain amount of attempts  or deaths, to appeal to a larger crowd and not to mention provide more entertainment and less annoyance."
,Recommended,214770,8752395,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mangonelson,"This game is awesome. It's a really fun beat'em up combined with a solid, challenging platform. One of 2013's greatest indie games!"
,Not Recommended,214770,10771742,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hefseth,"I love a good & quick platformer, but this game is too annoying to play. I could probably focus and play it through, but it would take too much of a gamer's precious time..."
,Recommended,214770,12227894,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Zet,"The Metroidvania-genre has become something of a niche in indie gaming, and Guacamelee is a shining example. Tight controls coupled with colorful, smooth graphics, combing exploration with a brawler combo system in fights make Guacamelee fun to play. The music relies on typical mexican instrumental, brass heavy ensemble music, fitting to the game's style and setting and giving it a certain melancholic feel, sometimes.While the gameplay is fun, the story is rather uninspired, but that's okay. This game is more about the fighting and exploring, than the story. There is a nice little twist, however. There is nothing really new, gameplaywise, either. Also, the exploring doesn't feel quite right, as you are always guided by an arrow on the map where to go next. This is a bit sad, in my opinion, as I love metroidvanias for their laissez-faire gameplay: proceed by exploring.Nevertheless, Guacamelee is a fun game that will give you some hours of gameplay, and some more if you plan on 100%ing it. Getting into the combo system might take a little time (it took for me, but I suck at these things, anyway), but once you got it, it just flows. By now, there's another version out, calledhttp://Super Turbo Championship Editionwhich you might rather buy, instead of this, as it includes an additional level. But it contains less achievements, if these mean anything to you.Fun, colorful game. Recommended."
76561198063470785,Recommended,214770,27703037,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PIP Das Mono,"Little known game, but still one of my all time favorites. Would definetly recommend."
,Recommended,214770,7859649,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Live Action Hamburglar,"I'm going to feel like such a nitpicky jerk talking about this game's flaws, because everything else is just really good. But we'll get to them.Guacamelee! is a muscular Metroidvania, a world where the mask is a very literal symbol of strength and the powerups are sealed behind openings that only ancient body-press techniques will open. Its world is a bit more linear then some Metroidvania-inspired titles, but there's still a pretty solid amount of nooks and crannies to break open and revisit with new tricks.Just about all of your movement or ""unlocking"" abilities are combat-oriented-the blue doors are unlocking by dash-punching, for instance, giving you regular new tricks in fights. Things that don't move you tend to move enemies, so you're almost always able to keep a combo going, either by reaching someone or hurling someone into a distant group. The fights are fast and fluid, and a little bit of dimension-changing thrown in offers a manageable issue that'll still keep you on your toes.The platforming's fine, too-just as some enemies only exist in one of the dimensions, so do some blocks and walls, making you keep switching to get past things, have safe landing points, etc. When it flows, it's a real joy to bounce around the game.Problem #1 is that it doesn't always flow, though. Hazards (spikes, nasty water, thorns, etc.) tend to have a pretty big hitbox, and even nearly-but-not-quite grazing something can send you spiraling to the ground below-this is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥on vertical segments, especially since there's no safe-fall. Thankfully, these are few and far between. Still, though, landing in water or falling off into a pit teleports you to solid ground, immediately-it's actually worse to land on a platform below where you were. A strange choice.Problem #2 is that our hero, Juan, presumably a técnico, has a pile driver move. He really shouldn't-that's for rudos.Those are nitpicks, though. Overall, the game's just fantastic. If you need a sidescroller, this thing deserves a place in your library."
,Recommended,214770,8417224,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vawned,"This game is awesome.Had a lot of fun with the game references inside it, the memes, and with the Uay Chivo character.The flow of the game is nice. It is a 2D Platformer, Metroidvania style. You don't need to go back a thousand times to some place in order to 100% it. Powerups are nice, and the combo system is good."
,Recommended,214770,8924900,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,(P2D)SlugNut,"Beautiful and fun metroidvania game. Moving around is like a dream and chaining combos with your special moves feels rewarding. Had no technical issues with it despite still being on a pentium with Windows XP so it should run smooth as well for most others. It's length isn't as long as I would like it to be but its still good length, especially if u find yourself busy or not finishing games. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,214770,8934109,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Lobias,"Guacamelee is an under-rated gem! It is a fantastic side-scrolling metroidvania style game set in a Mexican luchador themed world. I highly recommended playing it if you're looking for a fun coop game to play. It's stylish, comical, and has a great soundtrack, and although it can be fiendishly difficult in parts it doesn’t penalise you for dying (which you will do ALOT of!). For such a simple game there is quite a large array of special moves, which once mastered allows you to backtrack over previous levels and unlock hidden areas and challenges. The 'Gold Edition' also features an extra level of challenges which definitely increases the replayablity value. Because of the accuracy needed to succeed, I would personally recommend playing this game with a controller, rather than keyboard/mouse."
,Recommended,214770,8554798,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Arceion,"This is one sick♥♥♥♥♥metroidvania, hell of a lot of fun. 4/5!"
,Recommended,214770,8725562,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ezekial Jeans,Metroid-vania! Deep Combat! Luchadores!
,Recommended,214770,8501407,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sam,"If you like 2D platformers, you'll like this gameIf you like Nacho Libre, you'll like this gameCombat is fun, theres a ""combo system"" but you dont really need it to get through the game.The Platforming isnt hard, and although theres a lifebar, youll just respawn at the last save (theres a lot) and if you fall to death youre just teleported to the last platform you were onI give this game 6 tacos out of 5 quesadilla.I give this review a F"
,Recommended,214770,9242900,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Mix 'N' Mojo,"The most difficult thing is the decision to buy this game, the rest is plain fun."
76561197989791778,Not Recommended,214770,8969460,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Blitzkrieg,MADE FOR CONSOLES. THE CONTROLS ARE A ♥♥♥♥♥ FOR PC
,Recommended,214770,8329598,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Detkloo,"Pretty good if you're into ""metroidvania"" games"
,Recommended,214770,8352675,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CeeJayII,Some of the best PC coop available
76561198012988831,Recommended,214770,8384295,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],A dumb fun brawler that is actually quite funny.
,Not Recommended,214770,9192727,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Vivelin,"Great music and atmosphere, but it certainly could've done without the platforming puzzles and the ♥♥♥♥ing memes. While that can be overlooked, the terribly unresponsive controls cannot."
76561198028006252,Not Recommended,214770,8927508,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,EightBit Rex,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  This game COULD be terrific but the controls are IMPOSSIBLE to use... so awkward I am just astounded anyone would release a game in this condition.  It's almost as if I were running an old 286 game on my quadcore but oddly enough only your characters framerate is 500 times the frame rate it ought to be.  This is inexcusable!  No wonder the game is selling for under four bucks.  Fix this FATAL flaw and the game could be a winner.  I say 'could' because I really don't know.  It's too damn frustrating trying to work these controls - both keyboard and 360 controller - to play for more than 5 minutes.  SAVE YOUR DUCATS for a game thats playable.
,Recommended,214770,10732441,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rykx0r,This is an amazing Metroidvania and if you don't own it I will suplex your whole family.
,Recommended,214770,11733148,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Mikomono,"Great game, ton's of fun. Reminds me of platformers from when I was little."
,Recommended,214770,8448170,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,blankachu,exciting gameplay with loads of fun and different moves to unlock .
,Not Recommended,214770,8609845,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Reckoner,"I love the art and humor of this game, and the initial metroid  style gameplay is fun.  However, I can't recommend this unless you are the type of gamer who enjoys both memorizing long strings of combos, and extreme twitch platforming (think super meat boy with fighting game combos).  Without an easier gameplay setting, the initial fun wears off quickly.  If you are a masochist who loves dying over and over and over again on the same part, this game is for you."
76561197964779158,Not Recommended,214770,7992172,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Divion,"The game was promising at the start but soon i figured out that it's way too much trick-jump involved. The music is awesome and the game-play is great with lots of combos to master. There is a ""shop"" where you can upgrade you character but it hasn't much to offer really and that was a little let down. It's a great game but sadly i can't recommend it mostly due to the insane amount of trick-jump involved to progress and reach secrets. But if you like that, then this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,214770,8380776,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Clipboards,"All in all, this is not a bad arcade beat-em-up. I enjoyed the majority of the game, honestly. Powers and their uses got incredibly reptitive, there was no use at all for some of the segments (I didn't use a single combo I learned from the Chicken Dojo)., but whatever. The actual combat system is pretty fluid and controls are pretty dead accurate.The game was incredibly easy and pretty bland  up until the very end at the Great Altar. ♥♥♥♥ EVERYONE who had anything to do with this segment of the game. I can shrug off the awful memes throughout the entire game, the bland story line, the boring chats with NPCs  inability to show even the slightest bit of attachment or character development, because I care more about the actual game mechanics rather than the story. The boss fight was unenjoyable, spammy and downright easy, but even worse than that was the room where you pit the player against three of the lightning mobs. What the ♥♥♥♥? What made you think this was even remotely a good idea? Normally this wouldn't be a problem because you could just dodge all the enemy attacks, but the rate at which these mobs spammed made it impossible to dodge all of the attacks. Even worse than that, you can't just shut them all down at once to end the horrifble spammy spells because one of them is in another dimension, meaning while you're trying to do just a little bit of crowd control you're immediately stunned by the one in another dimension.♥♥♥♥ you, ♥♥♥♥ your childish ""LE MEME TROLOL"" throughout the entire game (the secondary antagonist literally says trololol in one scene), ♥♥♥♥ your repetitive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and ♥♥♥♥ everything about the Great Altar. The only thing i'm going to begin slightly commend here is the art style and the sound track (but even then you managed to ♥♥♥♥ up even the simplest of animations, making the first boss woman's hair restart its flowing animation every time it talks]0/10, would definitely not buy again."
76561198040565583,Recommended,214770,8189075,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Loth Aint Lucky,I love the internet humor...
76561198089951875,Recommended,214770,9832311,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,FatBoy,Pros:ReferencesCons:Still not enough references
,Recommended,214770,20524716,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/LpW7inVOs30A metroidvania style game with luchador inspired characters and overall theme.  Great look, controls, and music makes this game a must play for fans of the genre.(Note: This review is for the updated version, which is recommend over this one, or get both you can do what you want)"
,Recommended,214770,12561302,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Nerf dis lol,Castlevania + Brawler =  Guacamelee!It's awesome. Nice Sound track and fun gameplay with lots of background humor.
,Recommended,214770,10648270,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,King of Games,"I was just trying to be Juan with nature and grow my churros or salsa or whatever Mexican farmers grow, when I done and find out I gotta save this ♥♥♥♥♥ from Jack Skellington or whatever, and you know the only way to kill something already dead?  Put on a goddamn luchador mask and headbutt the everloving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him."
76561198015502624,Not Recommended,214770,8416479,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Darthelmet,"While I like the concept, it is an absolutely TERRIBLE console port. The devs ""recommend"" a controler and cite some flaw with keyboards as the reasons for any problems with the game's controls, but the lack of responsiveness goes beyond acceptable levels. Thousands of other PC games use the mouse and keyboard for controls and most of them manage reasonably smooth gameplay. There is nothing in this game which is so complicated that it would be impossible to make it work with the keyboard, and yet there are some sections which are boarderline unplayable.The problem is that the game is so unresponsive that absolute perfect timing is required to perform even the most basic platforming and combat. This isn't a huge issue when you are fighting one enemy or just hopping up to the next ledge, but there were some sections where I must have spent 20+ minutes trying to complete a jumping puzzle just because the damn Rooster Punch wouldn't work half the time.If you already own a controler, the game seems like it would be pretty good. If you don't, be prepared to spend $8-$30 to be able to play that game you thought was only $7.50."
,Recommended,214770,8579624,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Flash~Step,"one of the most exciting metroidvania style adventures i've had the joy of playing in recent times. it's funny as hell and packed with secrets, easter eggs and tough♥♥♥♥♥challenges. this is one game you don't want to miss."
,Not Recommended,214770,8491063,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ShadowDancer,"Even though it shamelessly uses many elements from other games like Metroid or Super Paper Mario, Guacamelee would be a great game if it didn't suffer from unfairness and repetition. Controls are straight, there's lot to discover and the setting reminds me of Grim Fandango, which is obviously a good thing. However not letting me past the first boss even after multiple approaches is a no-go. If the core mechanic of a game consists of prohibiting me playing it, there's something wrong. Regrettable, because the developers showed some real skill."
,Not Recommended,214770,10234733,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,blackshark64,Score: 6/10I wanted to like this game. I just can't. The art and music is great. It's metroidvania. It has good humor. It has high reviews. Yet I don't like it. I'm guessing these things wrecked it for me.Controls weren't tight enough.I didn't care at all about the story or characters.The platforming seemed somewhat punishing especially on the later jumps which involve move combos to make them.Eventually enemies get shields that come off annoying instead of like an interesting gameplay change up.
,Not Recommended,214770,9599326,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,shrewdlogarithm,"I wanted to recommend this game because it has style and attitude and charm galore...But...There are too-many aspects of it which are amateurish and they mar the game to an ever-greater degree as you progress.We're talking about things like unstoppable player/enemy animations which interfere with combat/movement, slow-to-respond controls (probably due to the aforesaid animations), areas you have to repeat if you make a mistake and lazy/buggy AI behaviorExampleYou can't always thread-together combat moves because every move has an animation and you have to wait to wait for those to take place.  Thing is - you have to do this VISUALLY in a game where you/the enemies often obscure each-other - this isn't a brililant idea...Other issues appear in terms of what simply badly tested/lazy scripting/designExampleYou can hit an enemy, they'll fly away and then the missile they were about  to throw will appear where they were standing anyway (likely hitting you).  You'll also hear the sound of an enemy's move  DESPITE the fact you should stunned or killed it and thus stopped the move from taking place!?Maybe you can tolerate those things for a while - I did - but sooner or later you will realise the game is really ""working against you"".ANDBefore you buy, ensure you have a joystick/pad with a decent DPad.  Playing this on keyboard is impossible and the a 360 pad left stick isn't precise enough/DPad is a joke."
,Not Recommended,214770,8301044,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Vorpal,"Guacamelee, you're an interesting one. When i first started playing you, i was greeted by a warm and enjoyable art style and fun combat to really tie the game together. It was perfect, really - nothing could have stopped me from loving you.Your music was great, your artstyle was great and the gameplay was great too.And then i saw the memes.It all happened so quickly.On that day, i was given the reminder that we live in fear of the memes.Constantly, again and again - this game is literally littered with memes, they're everywhere.  It's like every battlefield is across a different 9gag page and it doesn't stop there - oh no, the game's dialogue is constant 2007 umad humour and it relies on referencing other games to be funny, which 90% of the time, it is not.This game had really good potential, but unfortunately is ruined for me because of this."
,Not Recommended,214770,8583586,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,RWBurnham,"What started as a fun, colorful, charming, platforming, exploration game was ultimately derailed by annoying jumping puzzles. Maybe people with more patience and skill than I will enjoy it, but I got about two hours out of it before quitting in frustration."
,Not Recommended,214770,15116045,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,srangara,"It's too bad. I was enjoying the story and was hoping to plow through the harder levels to at least see how it ends. But I'm stuck at the Tule Tree without a hope of getting through this required dimension-switching platform puzzle. Not even close to finishing the game... and there's a Hard mode? *sigh*You have to really like hard platformers, be really good at using a controller, and love learning fighting combos. Otherwise, stay away."
,Not Recommended,214770,8469049,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,theian121,"At the beginning of this game, there is a seizure warning. Do not disregard this! Despite having my epilepsy well under control as I play most videogames, the animation here is so quick and jerky I did feel symptoms coming on and I was forced to quit playing.   plus it has controls limited to flat-out running or stop on a dime, I could hardly make it to the chapel to begin the first mission. Definitely avoid this game."
,Recommended,214770,22594149,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CasualGuster,Really good game but literally unplayable with keyboard.
,Not Recommended,214770,9272596,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dirty Dick,"Having seen two of my friends finish this game,I thought maybe I had been too harsh in my assessment of the product. Turns out I was right to begin with. The first level is nothing but running back and forth, holding stupid conversations with the locals and jumping up and down while punching some barrels. WOW. Mario has been there and done that already. Then all of a sudden you are dead and there are no clues as to what that giant green sparkly thing in the floor is and can I go back and do something with it? OOPS, no I guess not!  Or why am I being attacked by skeletal Mexicans in ponchos and sombreros and why, why, WHY?I probably have less than an hour in this game and was hoping for more but I found the story to be flat and without real substance and the gameplay to be less than fun (for me, anyway). The colours are nice, and the game appears to be professionally developed but that being said I am glad I only paid $3.00 for this game. Only buy this game if you truly enjoy twitch action side scrolling platformers with repetitive action. Otherwise save your cash. 3/10"
,Recommended,214770,19780186,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"Let's do itLet's do itLet's do itLet's do itoo-ooh, babyLet's do itTake your timeLet's do itoo-oohCome on, babyLet's do itTake your timeLet's do itYou know you ought to slow downYou been working too hard and that's a factSit back and relax a whileTake some time to laugh and smileLay your heavy load downSo we can stop and kick backIt seems we never take the time to doAll the things we want to, yeahNow, baby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby, we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby, we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby, we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightThe love I feel for youYou feel for meOne life is all we have to liveOur love is all we have to give, yeahThere are so many things for usTo do and see, yeahLet's take some time to be aloneLock the door pull out the phone, yeahAnd baby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby, we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby, we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightTake your timeTake the timeTake the timeTake the timeTake your timeTake your timeTake your timeTake your timeOoh baby, take your timeIf it takes all nightYou can do it, you can do itYou can do it, alrightYou can do it, you can do itTo the early morning lightYou can do it, come on babyYou can do it all nightTake your time, come on babyLet's do it tonightTake your time, babyAnd take all nightYou can do it, you can do itCome on let's do it, do it rightTake your time, ooh babyCome on let's do, let's do, let's doDon't mind, ooh babyYou can do it, do it rightTake your time, let's do itIf it takes all nightCome on baby let's do itTo the early morning lightLet's do it, let's do itLet's do it, do it rightCome on baby let's do itIf it takes all nightCome on baby, let's do itLet's do it, do it rightCome on honey let's do itIf it takes all nightLet's do it, let's do itLet's do it, do it rightCome on baby let's do itIf it takes all nightCome on honey, let's do itLet's do it tonightWe can do it, we can do itLet's do it, do it rightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babyDo it tonightBaby we can do itTake the time, do it rightWe can do it, babySongwritersHARRIS, JAMES SAMUEL III/LEWIS, TERRY/KNOTT, ALICIA RENEEPublished byLyrics © Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC"
,Recommended,214770,23370110,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Nevermind,Too much Mexico7.8/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,214770,13553681,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,cathal,memes
,Recommended,214770,12243430,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,toolbear,"Super fun. Beware if you're colorblind.I had a marathon couple of days playing this game; I enjoyed it immensely though I'm not the best platformer or combo-maker. The checkpoint locations were pretty forgiving and the gradually ratched up challenges made the game more fun than frustrating. Until the boss fight against Calaca, but for a very particular reason.The Calaca boss fight mechanics rely entirely on twitch reactions to colored shields with zero room for error. For my particular kind of color blindness, I can only reliably detect the blue shield and the red shield. The green or yellow shields look identical; it's a 50/50 chance if I do the correct move to score a hit. Every time Calaca attacks his shield is a different color; a process of elimination cannot be used.If you're partially colorblind, this fight will be more difficult for you. If you're completely colorblind, this fight will be nearly impossible to beat. You would have to stick with a single attack and count on your ability to avoid damage long enough for your random successes to eventually defeat Calaca's first form.A significant portion of the population suffer from some form of color impaired vision. It's always a shame when game designers are ignorant or willfully disregard that."
,Recommended,214770,17100048,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,TimeDoctor,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwedY_hSuMU
,Not Recommended,214770,9401830,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,isa,"+ Charming art style.+ Great soundtrack.+ Good combat...- ...which progressively gets worse.- Frustrating platforming.- Cheap humor which relies on heavy usage of internet memes and references. It wasn't funny. Just stupid.- Plays terribly on a keyboard.I really enjoyed the first two hours of Guacamelee!. But as I continued playing, the flaws started to show. Platforming sequences became rather annoying, the once great combat became a complete mess:As you unlock several abilities, enemies get shields which you can only destroy by using the corresponding ability. Okay, that's not a problem, but when rooms start to get filled with those enemies, all wielding different shields, then it is. Especially when the dimension-switching mechanic is involved. Good luck with that.I can see why people like this game, but the gameplay just feels too clunky and unpolished for me to enjoy. A shame, really.6/10"
,Recommended,214770,11944010,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Big DanZ,"you already had me a beat-em up,platformer,and wrestling themes.now that theres a bayonetta mod,iam in love!"
,Recommended,214770,11011989,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Gamer Takahashi McBaggin,"Great side scroller beat them up. The combat feels really good and responds well. Dodge mechanic takes some getting used too. Platforming may be tough some times but is fun. Lots of secrets to uncover. Story is entertaining and the humor is okay at times. Very fun and I do reccomend. Short game tho , do not buy over $10Also you can play as bayonetta and thats cool."
,Recommended,214770,9014966,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Shadowspaz,"This is the best Metroidvania I've played in a long time. There are parts that mirror the GBA Metroids really well: Flying across multiple screens for secrets, and hidden 'morph ball' tunnels, to name a few. The nostalgia is incredible, but it is very much its own game.The combat system feels pretty decent: It's not anything groundbreaking, but it never gets in the way, and killing crap always feels nice. Throwing enemies was a neat (And fitting) addition, though. With enough enemies on the screen, you can just keep throwing them around, racking up massive combos and killing them without getting touched.The secrets scattered throughout the game (As any Metroidvania should have) are satisfying to find and oh so numerous. What I really enjoyed, though, was rather than having 'energy tanks' that instantly increase your health cap, you have 'heart pieces,' which are instantly reminscent of Zelda. Some areas for secret items get notoriously difficult, and the platforming skills it asks for have been compared to Super Meat Boy (Which, personally, I love a good difficult platformer). The main game, though, is a nice difficulty to get through: It isn't a stroll through the park, but it's not too tricky. And it's still rewarding to finish.The game is also absolutely filled with very-unsubtle references to... Everything. Classic games, internet icons, memes, you name it. The lack of subtlety makes it pretty hilarious. And lastly- This is a game I will never get tired of looking at. It's so gorgeous.Buy this game. Buy it now."
,Recommended,214770,8925610,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Deppresso,"Guacamelee! is a great game, it's harder than dark souls and more fun than Hitomi Tanaka's breasts.Top kek. Shame about the may mays.Check out my let's playhttp://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbMSRiE2YxQWf-ITHIEQFj5gJFzreAmPX:^)"
76561198027883376,Recommended,214770,8758115,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,gez,"Awesome game, a lot of fun. Quite challenging."
,Recommended,214770,18649953,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,OtakuBrony,Guacamelee! is a pretty interesting game that reference other video games and..... memes as you progress through various places. It also has tons of obnoxious obstacles you have to face so it's highly recommended you use a controller and play it in Multiplayer if possible.It's about 5 and a half hours long and has plenty of content that makes it repayable which is what I love in video games overall.It's not heavily advised you know Spanish or the culture (because it's obviously a Mexican related game after all) but it sure helps if you know a little (or plenty) to make it a lot more enjoyable during the game play.8.7/10
,Recommended,214770,8938044,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,z00k,you can play as chicken10/10
,Recommended,214770,14237681,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tiller,Realistic modern Mexico simulation.
76561198066732523,Recommended,214770,12230754,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CosmicN0mad,"Great Throwback to ""Metroidvania"" genre. Has lots of clever platforming, great music, and art. Unfortunately it is kinda short, but there is definitely room for replayability and speed-runs. Don't get this one though. Get the ""Super Turbo Championship Edition"", which has more content."
,Recommended,214770,12236167,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Señor Pickle,"Absolutely stunning metroid vania game. Its a very fluid, beautifully designed game. The difficulty scaling is great. That last boss will push to pull out your hair on the higher difficulties.This is one of the best 2D fighter / platformers I have played in years."
76561197961153586,Recommended,214770,12239439,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Eddie Van Blundht,"Pretty good, but sometimes frustrating.  The final 2 boss fights required a completely different style of gameplay than the rest of the game.  Definitely entertaining and worth your time if you like platforming and punching stuff.  Don't spend more than 5 bucks tho."
76561198072366113,Recommended,214770,10772104,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grimorg,"Awesome 2D side scroller beat 'em up set in Mexico. The art style is fantasic and the soundtrack is amazing and the dialogue is extremely funny. Don't use a keyboard for this game, Xbox 360 controller is recommended as the controls can be very difficult when using a Keyboard. 9/10"
76561198141816005,Not Recommended,214770,11058627,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Captain Rent Boy,"3/10 its entertaining for about an hour but tbh a waste of money so dont buy this, i was having fun for a while but it is the same stuff over and over. not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,214770,11078741,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Double Joker,"This game is more Platform-y than Explore-y.  It relies too much on the Meatboy formula and not nearly enough on the Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Metroid that it claims.  Knucklebusting puzzles, difficult as hell bosses and almost abusive level design feature prominently, slathered with a veneer of reddit humor.  I wish I could recommend this game, I do, but it's not the metroidvania that I'm looking for and hopefully this review will save someone else.That said, if you like that kind of thing, this is the platforming internet-stupid humor luchador game for you."
76561198050498370,Recommended,214770,8929513,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,wellknownq8,هاللعبة تشبه كاسلفينيا بشكل كبير لكن هذا الشي لم يفسدها و تظل ممتعة.البلاتفورمينج و القتال فيها جيد جدا.أنصح هذه اللعبة لمحبي ألعاب التو دي و خصوصا سلسلة كاسلفينيا
76561198076834998,Not Recommended,214770,15460787,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,fatkontrolla,The game has brilliant ideas but they are poorly executed
,Recommended,214770,23598904,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mr. T-Rex,"Simply love this game!Warning, however: this is effectively a slightly shortened version of Guacamelee Super Turbo Championship Edition (this is a previous version they released before adding more content). If you're only going to pick up one, pick up the OTHER Guacameele."
76561198019014373,Recommended,214770,11061895,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mokor,"Definitely recommend this game for anyone that likes Metroidvania style games. Combat is fluid and fun, and although simple at first, it can be comboed into something intricate. I played on the keyboard, but if you have a controller it will be a more enjoyable experience as the analogue sticks will allow you easier platforming and better angles when performing grappling moves.Probably my favorite part of the game was the art direction and music. The environments and characters are beautiful and just ooze style, and the Spanish theme and music helps really solidify the experience as memorable and unique.The game can be beaten 100% in less than 10 hours, and there isn't much replayability other than hard mode. Still a very solid game though, and one that should be experienced."
76561198024995878,Not Recommended,214770,11123850,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,witchfynder,"Great atmosphere, amazing music, tight controls, ♥♥♥♥ing awful combat engine. After two hours of playing my arm was in physical pain. Fights become boring and tedious fast and I eventually found myself skipping fights just so I could get to the next area. The exploration was done pretty well, but it felt a bit light compared to other exploration/metroidvania games. A little too linear and railroady. Also, devs, if you're reading this, your plot was bad and your reference-based humour soured me on the game about as fast as your bad combat did. We get it, you played a video game before. It's not clever."
76561197967550592,Recommended,214770,11066188,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,HairyAxeWound,"Great metroidvania style game, good sense of humor"
,Recommended,214770,11074118,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,A Crippled Old Man,"Fantastic game! Has a wonderful visual and musical aesthetic, with colorful environments and songs that get stuck in your head for hours afterward (in a good way). It also has a fun sense of humor, with billboards in-game referencing both other games, and memes. There are also a few easter eggs scattered around which i won't spoil. It is definitely a metroidvania style game, with tons of exploration. Controls are tight, and it has a good balance of easy to pick up and play, but challenging. I'd say its about 8 or 9 hours long, but likely has good replayability. Co-op mode also helps with replayability. Glad I bought it."
76561198043660467,Recommended,214770,11080122,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Zemoco101,"A pretty fun Metroidvania lite platformer. An evil Skeleton has kidnapped your bride to be, and has also killed you. You go to the land of the dead, but find a Luchador Mask that gives you he power to fight evil. Are you a bad enough hombre to save your bride, defeat the villain and his baddies, and stop the destruction of the world?The platforming and hit detection are iffy ( especially when you are trying to get the good ending by getting all the orbs! I hate it when games do that)! Still, a good game."
,Recommended,214770,11101668,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Pinkie Pie,"It is a great 2D Platformer,Beat em' up Game and has too many references like Castel Crashers (another good Beat em' Up game),Wrech it Ralph(Movie),Super Mario Bros.,A lot of Internet Memes(Pedrobear's Maracas Academy is my favorite) and many more. It also has a good and funny story.oh and..you turn into a CHICKEN!ISN'T THAT GREAT?!"
,Recommended,214770,11114581,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Rpear,"Very entertaining metroidvainia platformer with a great art style and humor. It also might have the most reference easter eggs of any game. Simple game mechanics are slowly built upon in classic adventure game style, at a good pace to keep it interesting along with the story and light-hearted jokes."
,Recommended,214770,21884980,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Guacamelee! Gold Edition review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 5 hoursPlayed multiplayer? NoWorth revisiting? NoBest part – The Mexican aesthetic is unique and perhaps makes the game more fun than it actually isWorst part – A very 'by-the-numbers' exploration-platformer, doesn't really offer anything new but doesn't really do much wrong either. Just about worth a play through,"
,Recommended,214770,8541584,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,PastaPillows,"Fighters are always fun, so if you like something like Street Fighter and something like Smash Brothers combined, then this game is most likely for you. Pulling off combos feels pretty satisfying, and it plays well. There's also numerous secrets, and if you're anything like me, you won't rest until you've found all or most of them.My only downside I have to say about this game is that it uses some rather overused and obnoxious memes, but those are in the background as posters, so it's nothing over the top.Guacamelee! is an awesome fighter/platformer, and you should definitely give it a go when you get a chance."
,Recommended,214770,8141578,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,BlackenedSkies,Awww yeah
,Recommended,214770,9093563,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Nivrax,"A truly fantastic platformer/fighting game. Combat system is a bit slow at first, but after a while getting used to it, feels incredibly smooth. Sountrack is nothing short of amazing, graphics are colourful and lively and humour... depends on your tastes I guess. I found it charming with amount of references this game manages to make, although at least half of those are internet memes.One of most amazing features is that platforming puzzles, excluding two or three, can not kill you. Failing a jump, game teleports you back and you can repeat jumps until you perfect it. And speaking about platforming, while beating game normally won't have any extremely hard challenges, there are few very tough ones if you want to see alternate ending.The only downside for me is that base game difficulty is very low. Until very last showdown, it was tough to actually die to combat even after making ton of mistakes. That includes killing bosses you never saw patterns before. Thanksfully beating game, or putting code in, unlocks hard mode, requiring more skillfull combat, and bosses change their behaviour and attacks making them real threat."
,Recommended,214770,11004980,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,RoboitoAM,"I love this game. However, it does not seem Drinkbox plans on supporting the people who bought it on other systems by allowing them to upgrade to the new Super Turbo Championship edition. I would recommend skipping it until they announce upgrade plans.edit: they have finally updated the game, but as a separate purchase."
,Recommended,214770,9538135,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Wade42,It's metroidvania with luchadors and lots of meme humor.  It made me smile.
,Recommended,214770,8064554,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,riqe7777,best indie game i play it.
,Recommended,214770,8353179,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Snus,"A nice oldschool (battles and platforming are quite hard at times and require precision and timing) metroidvania with a strange visual style. Controls could use more love, though: selection of attacks is quite limited, but all the important punches are left stick right/down/left/up + B, so it's sometimes tricky to move and beat the enemies at the same time. Wish they'd use combination of buttons for attacks instead..."
,Recommended,214770,8394917,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Xtuv,"Great platformer. Fun, original, provides a good challenge, interesting game mechanics. Love the graphics style. It's hard not to like this game."
76561198020518577,Recommended,214770,8403500,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ld3ruiter,"A simple review: This game it truly refreshing.  It gets difficult as the game progresses (with button combos), yet it's simplistic in nature and has a comedic value.I don't have a single netative aspect to relative to this. Just spent my Sunday morning playing this; Completely happy with my Steam purchase."
,Recommended,214770,8414945,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NARTHEX,Simply awesome actionpacked sidescrolling platformer! 5/5 and my GOTY2013.
,Recommended,214770,10771458,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,s3.14der,"This game, man. This game. Super fluid animation, beautifully rendered environments, and an extremely rich art style, and enough gaming references to make a jaded gamer like myself grin uncontrollably. Buy it!"
76561197975341800,Not Recommended,214770,8498167,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MBG,"""Eh, les gars, il est pas mal notre Castlevania du pauvre, mais vous trouvez pas que ce serait encore mieux avec des memes vieux de 12 ans traduits en espagnol et des blagues racistes ?""""Mais si Jean Pierre, t'es un génie ! Ola si caramba ha ha ha ha !"""
,Recommended,214770,8322430,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Chaco,"This game is insanly fun and with the enviorment of the mexican culture, the bright colors and some pieces of spanish words dropped into the dialog. Its truely a great experience. 10/10"
,Recommended,214770,26393231,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ＮＴ ＯＳ ＴＷＯ,Fun 2p coop
,Recommended,214770,8937526,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,xX-Mikuru Beam-Xx,"I really cannot recommend this game enough and I am not one to write reviews due to apathy towards many of my game purchases. But this game, its worth every penny! The Artwork is stunning, as is the music, the control's (Im using a 360 pad) and overall game play.I got my copy in the steam sale but its worth its full price and beyond, this is an excellent and high quality game!"
76561198028325739,Recommended,214770,3867690,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,P1,Explosion of colors. Controls feel sharp.
76561197971872842,Recommended,214770,12115871,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Riph,"Great fun.  Take the fast, combo based combat of Super Smash Brothers and drop it into the world of Super Metroid, complete with new moves, mobility powers, and backtracking for powerups.The art is beautifully stylized, the humor quirky, the music is fantastic, and the action is fast and furious.  Also there are platforming puzzles which made me tear my hair out, but also made me feel like a huge badass when I beat them."
,Recommended,214770,8661465,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,The Fonz,Many good game that a lot of good music artings and wonder. Many jumping like goats and puzzles. Many dialogue and fun characters of interest.
76561198117537025,Recommended,214770,11711124,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,patn99,the nicest thing is to have one more controller and play in a team. secret locations are really good.the main - is graphics. amazing colors) give a player the best mood.
,Recommended,214770,8675864,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DERPNESS,Color me surprised. Got it on sale at a whim and I was blown away. Really fun Metroidvania game with charming atmosphere and rock-solid controls. Once I started I couldn't put it down.
76561198055749252,Recommended,214770,8937938,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Viss,"dobra ska♥♥♥♥a ako s local coop ... ked to vyslo tak som to zaregistroval, ale zdalo sa mi to drahe... za 3.49 to je tak na hrane, no... neviem ako to mohlo dostat tak vysoke hodnotenia, mne tie ftipy nepridu az take squele a hlavne nie je to nahovorene, cize mi to pripomina starsie tipy adventur... trosku mi vadia tie tony dialogov co treba odklikat... inak je to zabavne, ale zase na druhej strane aj velmi tazke... hra v niektorych castiach vyzaduje urobit komba pomaly tazsie ako fatality v mortal kombate a niektore jump akcie nechava daleko za sebou super maria, alebo ine ska♥♥♥♥y kde bol dolezity pomaly kazdy pixel a bolo treba este poznat tricky ako pokombit skakanie... ako da sa to, ale treba byt proste zbehly v ska♥♥♥♥ach a domysliet si niektore ""finty""inak ovladanie to ma jednoduche a celkom dost special abilit tam je (tusim pan koza vrvael ze ma 15 monumentov, tak snad bude platit vzdy ze co monument to nejake kombicko do supermanskeho repertoaru)... lebo su tam lokacie do ktorych som vosiel a bez sance... ale ""podla pribehu"" som tam asi este nemal ist... cize chcem tym povedat aj to, ze v tejto hre sa nejde zlavo doparava, ale behate si ako sa vam chce, sice mate zivoty ale je tam vela checkpointov a neobmedzeni pocet oziveni... hra pre dvoch hracov je zaujimava aj v tom, ze da sa kontrolovat kedy a a kde sa druhy hrac objavi a dokonca sa da prepinat, ze ktory z vas ""zmizne""... ma to vyhody v tom, ze niektore tazke supermario pasaze nemusite dat obaja... a mozno aj ine... zatial som to tolko nehral, aby som toto posudilcize verdikt - 75% akcia je urcite zaujimava, ale ak by bola za 50% tak ju nekupim... proste 3.50 je tak akurat"
,Not Recommended,214770,17650943,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Lord Facepan,"meme infested peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥that equates to butten mashing. unfair checkpoints, and a sesure inducing coulour palate. and being metroid-vania isnt an excuse to make a knock off. there are even chozo in the fame for screwatacks sake!."
,Not Recommended,214770,30213125,Posted: 26 February,all,desipoem,"I gave this game a chance, playing it for over 4 hours, but there's no way I could recommend a game whose controls are so inconsistant.  Sometimes, they simply just don't work.  It's amazing to me that games can still come out that can't get the controls right.  As far as graphics and story, it was pretty good.  But it's entirely too frustrating to continue playing a game in which you can't advance because the controls are so wonky and inconsistent."
,Recommended,214770,825046,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Rikku,"Just finished this game, WHAT A GAME."
76561197970078168,Recommended,214770,11527547,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,hermetico,Average game.
,Recommended,214770,7768321,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,jandujar2,This game is fantastic for playing with a friend (local gameplay). Totally recomended.
,Recommended,214770,9199386,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"Now this is one heck of a fun game. This is a side-scrolling, metrovainia, beat-em-up where you become a legendary luchador and charge into the death land to destroy all the skeletons and defeat the leader who claims your love interest. The game is a lot of fun with a lot of humor, hidden and obvious.A controller is recommended for this and the mexican style of the game makes it very colourful and fun to watch as well as play and many different secrets hidden through out the different levels to try and discover and many hidden in incredibly more difficult places to search. I highly recommend this game as I had a hell of a lot of fun with this."
,Recommended,214770,8930110,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,WaxxFetish,"Easily worth it for the laughs and hilaruous dialogue.It's also a very solid, action packed platformer, with a very good control scheme."
76561198054870863,Recommended,214770,9212315,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Lottis,"This game is near perfect, I can't really find anything wrong with it besides it being really hard. 9.8/10"
76561198030462548,Recommended,214770,9074453,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,dewbious,"I had a lot of fun with this game. I definitely recommend if you like platformers, Metroid-vania style games, humor, or fun."
76561198099942864,Recommended,214770,9271909,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,iamtheinsanemegapinecone,"This is a very fun, old-skool scroller, with a highly entertaining style and a lot of fun combat mechanics. The visuals and sound are gorgeous and make me want to drink margaritas. The difficulty is very good, in an old-time sense - you will die a bunch of times on some of the bosses, and only beat them after learning their patterns. It's been so long since I played a game like this that I found it a tiny bit frustrating at first, but once I swallowed my rage at DYING I realised that this is what made old games so enjoyable - a challenge, a bit of frustration, and a triumphant victory by attrition. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214770,34677664,Posted: 1 September,all,true nara,betr than haart soent
,Recommended,214770,21403076,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Opal,I literally bought this to use a Workshop mod.
,Recommended,214770,7765873,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ani.for.prez,"The gameplay is excellent and if you like beat-em-ups, you'll like this with it's decent variety of moves and varied enemies. You'll have to stay on your toes and try to string together combos if you want to have any chance of beating the bosses. The puzzles are excellent too, requiring you to be fast and use your special moves wisely.A great metroidvania and very fun.Warning: A controller is a must since the keyboard layout is not very good and non-rebinable. Works with x360ce"
,Recommended,214770,9780623,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,⎛⎝_Eva_⎠⎞,I can manually turn into a chicken.
76561198294744762,Recommended,214770,25939792,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GonzoElGringo,Este juego esta CALIENTE
,Not Recommended,214770,16959506,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,salxicha,I've played this and Super Turbo Championship Edition version in other platforms but decided to install it on Steam just to review.Guacamelee! is a very solid metroidvania with funtastic (Ha!) jokes and well made gameplay also controlls respond pretty well.To be very honest the only reason I choosed to NOT RECOMMEND the vanilla/gold edition since it is not as awesome asSuper Turbo Championship Edition.If you want to experience the true LUCHADOR epicness go directly to Super Turbo Championship Edition. Worth each penny :)
,Recommended,214770,9013133,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Schloopie Shipoopi,"Quirky humor, vivid aesthetics and solid game-play. What’s not to love?There's also references to other video games and internet memes, which are amusing to notice."
,Recommended,214770,8465591,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Raspek Da 'Blum,"Mexican Super Metroid.  Pretty good, but definitely needs a controller.  A lot of the jumps to secret areas can be hard, but the game doesn't really punish you at all for missing any jumps (instant respawn, usually on the platform you just jumped from) or dying from enemies.  It maintains a lot of crucial elements (map system, teleport system, unlockable areas early on that you can come back to later) that have been missing from a lot of other indie games that have tried to replicate the genre.  Worth the sale price."
,Not Recommended,214770,8546455,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Flynntellivision,"While the music and art style are a joy, the humor and dialogue writing can come off as juvinile with it's reliance on old interent memes. Combat can be fun but it later relies on complex platforming puzzles that just kill the pace.Co-op becomes unplayable once the light-dark mechnaic is fully in place."
76561197996767261,Not Recommended,214770,8450708,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,jitka,"great if you love godawful internet memes, a constant, vague feeling of racism, and also some pretty bad and unresponsive controlsit's a pretty big shame actually. i was really looking forward to this, and then i saw a guava with the U Mad face on it. i know It's Just Video Games but i think this game would have been better if it had taken itself slightly more serious. or if they had to go with jokes and humor, maybe include some jokes and humor, and not terrible memes about pedophiles.basically i wanted this to be Mexican Metroidvania Okami. instead it is Poorly Written Mexican Metroidvania Reddit Family Guymaybe i'll finish it some day but the controls are so finicky that it will probably be too frustrating to do it. they recommend a controller so maybe i'll try that.this is my objectively correct review of this game. i have the correct opinions"
,Recommended,214770,12324397,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dingodile,I started the game again and for some reason i had to do the tutorial again. 1/10 bad game design
76561198051464142,Recommended,214770,8637273,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,"[Heart] Le Pat, C'est Moi","Great gameplay, having fun! Awesome!"
,Recommended,214770,10353027,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Uncle Death,"Minus the memes, Guacamelee is a very well put together Metroid-like with a fast paced beat-em-up combat system."
,Recommended,214770,8350273,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BestLone,"I just loved the game!Guacamelee is very easy to learn. Easy controls, maps, movements. The game has a nice map and point where you should go next and for which purpose.  If you like retro games like streets of rage, final fight, or even the Foul Play, you're goin to love this one!"
,Not Recommended,214770,10358822,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,voidmind,"It's not bad but I found the platforming bits to be sigh inducing anoyances. There is also too much dialod / quests, not enough action. For some games, that works, but for this one it hurt the flow of the action. Not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,214770,9810403,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Shagatron,"I honestly found this game to be a little too challenging for me. The complexity of the controls mixed with the timing of the platforming made for an unenjoyable experience. I know a lot of people would enjoy this, but I thought it might be a bit more Metroidvania and a bit less Super Meat Boy. I got five hours in, and after dying over and over again because double-jumping, special-attacking, wall-clinging, dimension-shifting, repeat was starting to kill my hand, realized I just wasn't having fun."
76561198029061647,Recommended,214770,13510675,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,8.5/10
76561198038740078,Recommended,214770,8935597,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,tuffalmighty,"Best side scroller game in years, loved it"
,Not Recommended,214770,30175901,Posted: 25 February,all,Shaladain,"Side scrolling platformer. Not my kind of game. Also, a little bit too over the top to the point where someone with thinner skin might find it offensive in terms of stereotypes."
76561198048241732,Recommended,214770,29494840,Posted: 25 January,all,Xx_SoulReaper_xX,its cool
,Recommended,214770,8980357,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,madSimon,"Can't recommend this game enough if you're even the slightest fan of platforming and/or brawlers. Fantastic design all around with solid gameplay. Lots of video game references, too."
,Recommended,214770,33560245,Posted: 15 July,all,Moronic Idiot,"Great combat, great platforming, great theme and a just right game length."
,Recommended,214770,11023826,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,diversity is white genoside,LE EPIC GUACAMAYMAY GAME FROM LE REDDITZ! :D MUCHA LUCHA GIGANTE EL TIGRE NACHO LIBRE! XD
,Not Recommended,214770,10176368,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,really bad storytelling and bland level design
,Not Recommended,214770,8473054,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Naomi,has some funny memes and references
,Not Recommended,214770,28995339,Posted: 3 January,all,Mantrid,"I don't understand why people like this game so much. It's an average Metroid-Vania beat-em-up. There is considerable input lag (on any controller, wired keyboard, etc) that made beating some enemies infuriating and some bosses impossible. I wish I had spent my time playing a better game."
,Not Recommended,214770,29235505,Posted: 13 January,all,bullpup ツ,"I think this is a well made game, and if you're into these kinds of games I think you can have lots of fun with it. Just isn't my cup of tea. Don't know why."
76561197978131107,Recommended,214770,9019495,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Superbeef,"It's a unique metroidvania game with art and music that has real soul. When you combine all the abilities and dimensional shifts, some sections present a daunting platforming challenge, but nothing that you can't nail in a handful of attempts. The combat system is deep and satisfying, and while becoming comfortable with combos gives you a satisfying advantage in your DPS, it's never something that's mandatory to fully master. There's plenty of bonus content in the Inferno optional stages that dramatically turn up the heat, with a notable section that really pushes everything you've learned to the limit. The bad guys, with an odd exception, are more interesting than the silent protagonist, but that is fine. Light humor and lots of cultural references.If you have a friend, the drop-in local co-op is a lovely addition."
,Not Recommended,214770,24004505,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tillburg,GLANCE RECOMMENDATION: 38% YES /62% YESGOODFun artNEUTRALGameplay is fine but nothing incredible.BADThe writing and gross overuse of memes makes me sigh too often to enjoy the game.SUMMARYSome neat ideas and good art get sullied by a bombardment of memes I didn't see coming. I'd say keep an eye on this studio and future work but I'm not on board with what's presented here.
76561198045415519,Not Recommended,214770,29878626,Posted: 12 February,all,Ringo,"Very good game, but sadly some parts of this game is broken.For example the 3rd bossfight with Javelier Jaguar is very hard to win.The boss has attack pattern where you cannot dodge or evade, thus you only can take the damage.This leads to ragequit.Sereously, don't buy that game unless you want to punish yourself"
,Not Recommended,214770,32729354,Posted: 24 June,all,Jerzi,Fun and quite challenging game until you come to the Tula Tree with absurdly hard jumping challenges where one nanosecond can cost you whole challenge and fun game becomes incredibly frustrating and not fun to play... Level desing is so bad that it won't give player time to recover from one challenge or puzzle and it throws you immediately into another fight or another hard jumping puzzle... If you are a casual player like me save your money and don't buy this game
,Not Recommended,214770,8865784,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Battlestriker123,"Guacamelee! is home to a beautiful world, tons of charm, and excellent combat mechanics. Unfortunately, it also has clumsy controls and sub-par platforming, negative aspects amplified by the PC version's badly-mapped keyboard controls. If you have a controller, consider buying this game. If not, stay far away. 7.0/10."
,Recommended,214770,8353768,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Squirrels,"More Metroid than 'vania, Guacamelee's greatest strength lies in it's visual style. The lucha-themed world is unique and, with the exception of an unfortunate obsession with memes, is unlike anything I've seen in a game. The fighting is simple, but fun, and the platforming can reach meat-grinder levels of difficulty that will reward sharp reflexes. The only difficulty-related complaint I can think of is that, in order to obtain the best ending, one must complete two platforming segments that are leagues more difficult than anything else in the game. These sections will try your patience, so be prepared!"
,Recommended,214770,8307691,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tuong,"Guacamelee! Gold Edition is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters.Guacamelee! builds upon the classic open-world Metroid-vania style of games, by adding a strong melee combat component, a new dimension switching mechanic, and cooperative same-screen multiplayer for the entire story. The game also blurs the boundaries between combat and platforming by making many of the moves useful and necessary for both of these.Travel through a mystical and mysterious Mexican world as a Luchador using the power of your two fists to battle evil. Uncover hidden wrestling techniques like the Rooster Uppercut, and Dimension Swap to open new areas and secrets."
,Not Recommended,214770,33290962,Posted: 5 July,all,satrac,I'm not going to recommend this game. I bought the gold edition just before the developer released the Turbo edition. I don't understand why not an update or a DLC. I believe there was an option to buy the Turbo edition for a short period. But personally I didn't because I found it strange and I felt that the new features didn't warrent it. Lots of others owners that bought this game feel the same way as I do. So please do not buy this or any edition of this game.
,Not Recommended,214770,8949523,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Although Guacamelee! is largely fun at parts and it's levels filled with many vibrantly coloured characters, during some parts you're mercilessly forced to battle against the controls sometimes not reacting properly. This makes goat jumping difficult in certain areas and almost impossible.Wouldn't recommend highly."
,Recommended,214770,9069520,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shankythegingy,"nice soundtrack, good story, easy to learn mechanics, whats not to like?"
76561197998407816,Not Recommended,214770,28727818,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ewan,"I think I like this game but I don't really. It's easy and twee. If I think about all my friends who might like this, I just can't think of anyone who needs to play this game. Which is sad because it's executed so well."
76561197961527900,Not Recommended,214770,12640708,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Crinkle,"Do not buy if you dont have lightning fast reflexes.This game is impossible to complete unless you have near-instant reflexes to stuff and can perform multiple complex special moves (with a variety of keys) straight after each other, in sequence. This probably cant be enjoyed by anyone age over 25, as our reflexes start to decline, and the games designers have not accounted for this as there is no skill level setting, you either can do multiple comlpex sequences of keypresses or not.I find this disheartening, as it means I will never complete this game. And it is a fun game, up to a certain point. Then it just asks you to do things which are basically impossible unless you want to sit on one screen for three hours, trying over and over again to master a set of keypresses (and how has anyone even got that much patience?).Up until ""the"" point, where I threw in the towel, I was having a good time, the game is funny, has a good artstyle and besides the hyper-reflex requirement, the gameplay was really nice. Its a shame that it cant be finished due to a lack of difficulty setting."
,Not Recommended,214770,8307299,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jun55,"Get it on ps3, xbox360 or even psv(like me).This is a good game but it is not for steam.The control sucks, the wall jump♥♥♥♥♥♥will make you rage."
,Not Recommended,214770,25238901,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,boat,bad metroidvania game with epic mexico
76561198272961540,Not Recommended,214770,30714638,Posted: 24 March,all,cocacolatraveler,This is a great game. However it does not deserve to be played on computer. It deserves a console look. Whether Xbox or Playstation this game was designed for a console use. Thus don't waste your money on this.
,Not Recommended,214770,12821039,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,"Pro:  Style that is congruent throughout the game and is clearly implimented with passionate attention to detail.  It looks fantastic.Cons: Looks aren't everything.  Under the surface, it's just another 1990s 2D platformer."
,Not Recommended,214770,7759872,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,tycho5,"I was looking forward to this game. The art style seemed cool and it was a platformer. Simple enough.Problem is, this game was made for a console and this port to Keyboard/Mouse just sucks. If the controls were better, I wouldn't feel like I made a bad decision. But as it stands, I can't see myself playing this game due to the frustration of the controls...Don't buy on Steam."
,Not Recommended,214770,2974003,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,I AKU!,Jaguar Javier is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and ruins an otherwise really good game.
,Not Recommended,214770,7569935,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,I'm already under attack,can developers put warnings on the store page if the game is filled with tumblr♥♥♥♥♥♥please?I was enjoying this until all of a sudden a me gusta face appearedit's not funny.worst £6 I've ever spent
,Not Recommended,214770,9151999,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ridley,I don't even know if the gameplay is good.saw a stupid meme on my first minute of game and uninstalled it.
76561198084961753,Not Recommended,214770,30994928,Posted: 7 April,all,McMagus,Good Game but the ♥♥♥♥ing annoying puzzles where u have to time everything ♥♥♥♥ing perfectly make me so angry that i wont recommend this ♥♥♥♥ing game.
76561197980697732,Recommended,214770,9730605,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Arkus,"Awesome game, hours of fun and laughs xDDD LOVED IT !!! +10"
,Recommended,214770,9864311,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,LagDrag,Luchador op 1 vs 500
76561198069519944,Recommended,214770,9865294,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,MrWunderful,"Really, good game.  Enough rpg kinda stuff to keep you returning to old areas, very colorful with unique artwork.  COntrols are great too if you use a controller."
,Recommended,214770,8578165,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Mad Within,"It's like I'm playing Super Metroid as a luchadore!  Definitely scratches that metroidvania itch if you like the genre.  Has a very catchy soundtrack, good combat once you wrap your head around it (tip: dodge dodge doge, protip: get the skeleton costume that let's you have infinite stamina, it's like cheating), and is just difficult enough not to drive you nuts like Dark Souls or the like but still provide challenge, and is just plain fun.  One of those games you can go back to 10 years from now and still have a good time."
76561198053312282,Not Recommended,214770,8851293,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Staggering Stew Bum,"Guacamelee? More like GuacaMEHlee, am I right?"
,Recommended,214770,9868503,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Bahdom,"5/5Great music, art, controls, gameplay, characters and humor."
76561198006219890,Recommended,214770,9884678,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,1/2milhouse1/2amazing,"Really good old school platformer. Of all the backlog I have on my STEAM account, this one is the one I need to get on the most."
,Recommended,214770,9857162,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Kismet,"Despite the name and how the theme may seem a bit... corny and stereotypical? This game is fantastic. The Day of the Dead and the imagery associated with it has been a popular fashion/photography/art trend for while and it grows stronger with each passing year. This game captures that theme perfectly, but presents it in a fresh and funky way. The visuals are spectacular, the music is fitting, and the mechanics are ridiculously fun while being extremely easy to learn. (This game handles tutorials so well. It's almost a thing of art.) There are also plenty of optional side things for you to do in the game if you want to increase the challenge. If you love action platformers, pick this up ASAP."
,Recommended,214770,10632918,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,chopsoy,"Think metroidvania in 1080p, a flat, colorful, and borderless art style, tighter controls, and a contageous sense of humor. This game really shines in its gameplay. The game is a brawler at heart, and its tight controls lend itself to a easy-to-learn, hard-to-master combo system that is satisfying to traverse through as you purchase more moves. The story is not novel-worthy; it involves a few unconnected subplots that eventually lead up to facing the grand boss. The characters, however, are memorable and all have their own unique, though twisted and somewhat ADD, quirks.The bosses are challenging and satisfying. There are moments when the game locks you in an enclosed space and force a battle between you and waves of enemies. Not only do these battles reward you with a pinata and a sense of satisfaction after, they also force you to learn the combos before you proceed (some enemies can only be broken with a certain type of move). There are rooms that are dedicated to puzzle-platform rewards. They're almost always completely optional but yield a nice reward (like a heart piece) and a sense of achievement after.I loved this game to the core."
,Recommended,214770,10642803,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NelsonPumphandle,"Excellent platformer. Very funny. Plenty of replay value. If you enjoy Metroid-like games, you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,214770,10677466,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Domnholla,"This game is amazing. It's got that classic metroid-vania feel while also feeling fresh and exciting. Combos are fun, the platforming is challenging yet rewarding, and the dialogue is top notch. The art is great to look at and each area has it's own distinct look and feel.If you enjoy platformers, brawlers, or just plain old fun: pick up this game."
,Recommended,214770,7571016,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,schmumu,Mucho fun!
,Recommended,214770,10628866,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brittinias,Steam badge.  Good game regardless.  I would recommend it anyways.  I wish there were more of these type of Metroidvania style games on here
,Recommended,214770,10646262,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Aoeada,I'm a huge fan of Super Metroid and SotN. This game satiates my unbelievable hunger for games reminiscent of those two and it does it flawlessly. The tongue-in-cheek references to video games are also a welcome addition to an already thoroughly enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,214770,10647301,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,sasafraz,Really good Metriodvainia type game with spanish overtones. I would definitely recomend to anyone that likes this genre of games.10/10
,Recommended,214770,8493167,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Baphomet,Pretty good metroidvania game with luchador themes. The combat is very fun and fluid allowing for a lot of cool combos and versitile attacks. The music and artwork are surprisingly good for a game from such a small studio. Might be a bit short if you aren't a completionist although the mask orb areas are definitely very challenging.
,Recommended,214770,10502346,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Foxiest Grandpa in the West.,"Metroid + Castlevania + Mexico = Mexoidvania. Tricky platforming meets fun and challenging combat, this is for those who finally have an excuse to use their controller for their PC. The downside? Y U NO HAVE ONLINE CO-OP?!? 8.5/10"
,Recommended,214770,10533738,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,thirst,It's alright.
,Recommended,214770,8356079,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Баклажан,"This game is great, I love the references and the combat system is amazing. A really great port from the PS3. Overall one of the best games I have bought this sale!!! (I recommend a controller)"
,Recommended,214770,10138860,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Tomiboo,"Back in the day I played lots of platformers, and it seems like Guacamelee has taken all the best features from those games, and thrown in some fun new stuff. The platforming and melee fighting seem a bit simple and even quite easy at first, but once you learn all the special moves and attacks, things suddenly get a whole lot more complicated. I suspect that the game might be a little bit on the easy side for some hardcore gamer, but for me the difficulty was just perfect - some of the areas were very tricky and frustrating, but never too frustrating, and while most areas won't cause anyone too much trouble, the game never gets too easy either. The combat system feels really good once you get used to it and the melee fights are fun, especially the boss fights.What I love just as much as the actual gameplay though, is the art design and music of Guacamelee. The whole Mexican theme with some totally ridiculous stuff (crazy special moves such as Rooster Uppercut or Goat Fly, a special ability called Pollo Power that turns you into a chicken, etc...), thrown in is simply awesome. The funny little details and some of the silly dialogue actually made me laugh, I love the humour in Guacamelee.It's not a very long game, even with the DLC and the Hard Mode. According to Steam it took me 30 hours to find all the treasures and secrets and to finish the game in normal difficulty, and then another time in Hard Mode. And thus Guacamelee became the first and only (and probably the last) game ever where I've unlocked all the achievements!Guacamelee! is also the winner of the prestigious Tomiboo's GOTY 2013 award!tldr;Great game, buy itNOW."
76561198013564448,Recommended,214770,10760207,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,vgreksa,Amazing platformer with an amazing art style!There is only one caveat: you are not going to beat the late-game levels and challenges using a keyboard (or I am just looking for excuses..;-)). A CONTROLLER IS STRONGLT RECOMMENDED!
,Recommended,214770,10762824,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Captain Floof,The only game I have 100% cleared on Steam.  It is that good.
76561198031510598,Recommended,214770,10763957,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kieltux,"Wow. Great fun so far. I like the style, music and the missions:- catch chickens- find a  girl (the presidents daughter!)- get cheese- get beans...- and fight!And the linux port is really good.Gracias. Y más tequila por favor."
,Recommended,214770,10754064,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mink,"Besides Mark of the Ninja, Guacamelee is one of the best side scrolling brawlers ive played. Terrific buy even at full cost."
,Recommended,214770,10754824,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bob Boss,"Has to be on my top 10 platforming games list,such a unique design that really immerses the player making you think you are a an actual buffed luchador,Very resposive controls,i still have not encountered any bugsPros-Very Unique Design-Nice Setting-Bug-Free (i still didnt encounter any bugs0-Responive controls-Tight combat system with a lot of combos-Great Modding community-Funny dialogue-Amazing SoundtrackCons-Would like to see more Video setting-Needs more punchable chickensi didnt play this game a lot but still got a good vibe while playing it"
,Recommended,214770,10755937,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Natepoleon,"I loved this game, great soundtrack and visuals. I think I finished it in like 8 hours which was a perfect length for me."
,Recommended,214770,5037485,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,nimblebanana,"This game is really good and they could easily charge more for it...It's got addictive gameplay, great graphics, music, and... well... it has just about everything going for it, even the humor is wonderful.It's another Metroidvania style game... but it's unique at the same time.  It's hard to describe... You'll know what I mean when you play it.I can really only knock this game for two things:1. No online multiplayer.  (Yeah, it's got local co-op, but the replayability of this game would be improved 1000x if you could play with others online.)2. Sometimes, some INSANE platforming can be required.Now, there's nothing wrong with INSANE platforming...  But, for some players (not me), it can turn them off to the game.  Read it on the forums, read it on YouTube comments for videos of certain parts of the game...  The developer really needs to include a difficulty level for, well, the more ""casual"" game players... or not?  Haha.I'm really awaiting a new DLC for this game that adds some more levels or something, because I really want more.  Seriously.  A lot more."
,Recommended,214770,10759066,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,El Gaucho,Buy it!
,Recommended,214770,10746175,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hoot$,"Hands down best platformer I have seen in awhile, everyone needs to pick it up while it is on sale."
76561198073124255,Recommended,214770,10747962,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hitx86,its really fun to play
,Recommended,214770,10748646,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,WarmHandSanitizer,FUN
,Recommended,214770,10748833,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,☾,goty whatever year it came out
,Recommended,214770,10749801,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DEC1MUS,"Guacamelee is so far my biggest surprise hit of the Sumer 2014 sale. At $2.99 during the flash sale I impulsively bought it, I had heard it was good but was always iffy on it and didn't want to spend $10+. I am glad I picked it up! It is so fun, the gameplay is ""metroidvania"" with many nods to 2D classics, I spotted a series of bricks on a wall that was Mega Man Jumping, and to defeat a large boss you use the same technique you use to defeat Bowser in Mario Brothers. It is challinging, but rewarding, gradually you learn more moves and the story is funny and entertaining. The standout of the entire game is the music, the Mariachi styled music is classy and not too overblown or a caricature of Mexican music, it adds to great feel and texture of this game. Best 3$ I ever spent on steam!"
,Recommended,214770,10751035,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TaiWind,"This is no doubt one of the most fun and enganing games I have ever had the chance to play. Even without a controller, which some would deem necessary, the combat is fluid, and the puzzles are difficult enough to make progress anything but a breeze, and yet fun enough to keep you from completely abandoning it. The jokes are funny, most of them hidden in the background in the form of references to gaming and Internet culture, and there's just the right amount so that they're a quick laugh as you're progressing and mostly don't intertwine with the main story (Looking at YOU, Flame Face!). The only downside is that the game, while difficult, is mostly linear and pretty short, which kills any semblance of replay value. Despite this, it is very much worth the money."
,Recommended,214770,10752154,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Detective Babylegs,"This game is everything good about metroidvania games, while concurrently being absolutely hilarious the whole way through.  The controls are responsive, and the mechanics are tight and well thought out; none of the moves feel useless or forced and everything fits together incredibly intuitively.  The art style fits the tone of the game, and the areas are all interesting to look at and varied.  I seriously can't recommend it enough.  The addition of the challenges in the new area introduced in the Gold Edition give you a sizable challenge even after you complete the main storyline, and definitely help when trying to unlock all of the costumes.  I have yet to get a chance to try out the co-op, so I can't offer an opinion on that."
76561198110433484,Recommended,214770,10801227,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,litasgirl,Very funny game!  Many new things to do. Nice colors.
,Recommended,214770,10804757,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BionicTurtle64,"Christ, I love this game. It's basically a melee focused Mexican Metroidvania game (and it is as awesome as it sounds). It's got a great combat system, fun exploation and an art style that is full of colour and personality. Plus, the game has a good sense of humor, combining video game tropes and references with Mexican culture.My only compliant is that you really do need to play this game with a controller, as the keyboard layout is a little frustating at time, especially when combat is hetic or percise timing is needed for the platforming sections. This did become a problem more times than I'd like it, but the game as a whole is so great, it's totally worth looking past this minor flaw, especially if you have a controller avaliable.Oh, one more thing. With Steam Workshop, you can play as Spider-Man, Lara Croft, Superman, Bayonetta, Mr Incredible, and many others. You really need this in your life."
,Recommended,214770,10825082,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,NerdTypeZ,"The best review I can give this game is to say that it is one of the most incredibly-executed platformers I have played in a very long time. Unfortunately, that review is also tinged by the fact that it is a very short game.Guacamelee is a metroid-vania-style game, where you have a free and open world to explore, and your level of exploration is determined only by the upgrades you have gained for your character. However, the world itself feels rather small. There are several ""dungeon"" areas to explore, but the main hub world in which they all exist is not much of an experience. You'll be constantly running through the same areas, and while there may be one or two new things to do after each dungeon, it often does not feel satisfying to dive down a pit just to destroy a particular-colored block that hides a room with a single heart/skull piece (which upgrade your health/stamina).The game does have a Challenge mode, which you can play to unlock additional costumes, but it just didn't feel strong enough or consume enough time for me, and I was left feeling as if I wanted more from the game.HOWEVER, that being said, the rest of the game is fantastic. The actual level design of the dungeons themselves is stellar, slowly integrating every ability and upgrade your character acquires until you're dealing with incredibly complex (but entirely doable) challenges where you are constantly hopping between dimensions, running up walls, and jumping between said walls (which each exist in a separate dimension, forcing you to switch mid-jump) while avoiding deadly spikes and enemies the entire way. It may sound overwhelming, but the exceptional pace of the game perfectly prepares you for the challenges you will face.Enemies range between push-over easy to complex and difficult, and the game not only understands how to place enemies to get the best bang for the proverbial buck, but it also recognizes how to use them in interesting and innovative ways. There are moments where you cannot fight enemies, and they simply become another aspect of a platforming challenge.When you are fighting, however, it really shines. What begins as a simple three-hit combo game quickly transforms into a complex beat-em-up featuring a plethora of techniques that can each, themselves, be used in a variety of ways. Bosses, in particular, will put your reflexes and knowledge of the game's controls to the test as they unleash hell upon you in fascinating and intricate ways. That said, the level of difficulty is balanced by a system that does not punish you too severely for failing a challenge. There are no ""lives"" in Guacamelee, and you are instead replaced either at a save point, or at the beginning of the challenge that bested you.Speaking of controls, these controls are TIGHT. I highly suggest you use a controller, as this is the type of game that just feels RIGHT with a controller in-hand. Each individual movement of the character feels incredibly well established and tested, ranging from simple run-speed and jump arcs to the range and directionality of throws and special attacks. Not once did I experience a buggy jump or a wavering character due to shaky movement. Your hit box is perfectly established, and when you fail, you never feel as if it's the game's fault.Overall, Guacamelee is a fantastic game. It's short, to be sure, and I wish there were a few more levels and a bit more of the world to explore. That said, it was definitely a labor of love, and I completely adored playing it."
76561198034377676,Recommended,214770,10827202,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Derpo,This game is the most fun i've had in a long time.
,Recommended,214770,10814219,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,skycrosser,Such a cheeky and original game!
,Not Recommended,214770,10056980,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Terrean,"I would love to recommend this game - fantastic music, good humor, artistic, etc.  Got stuck on the Tule tree level.  I don't mind dying a few times, but I literally spent 30+ mins trying to get to the next portion of the game.  All a matter of button mashing and trick jumps.  No cheats, no level skips so I'm just screwed like the old Nintendo games."
,Recommended,214770,10075710,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Quinterfell,"An absolutely excellent Metroidvania packed full of (stereotypical) Mexican flavour. Most abilities are an homage to something from the Metroid series, but the combat is all based on wrestling/grappling. The story is pretty funny and the game has some good challenge without becoming frustrating. You can teleport between areas easily and there are save spots all over the place. Definitely recommended."
76561198136038603,Recommended,214770,10077076,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,jfsicilia,"Really great game. Not too long, but very funny and challenging. Quite hard to finish it with my keyboard :). I highly recommend it!"
76561198043775227,Recommended,214770,10078520,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,BeRzErKeR,"Great game. Fast paced. Difficult in a good way. I truely felt like I earned it when I defeated the final boss. If you buy this game, get all the mask pieces before fighting the last boss so that you'll get the happy ending."
,Recommended,214770,10067299,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,morang,"Great game, very much a metroidvania. Definitely worth playing if you like platformers that are moderately challenging (most of the game isn't too bad but there are some optional sections that will have you getting very angry)."
,Recommended,214770,9141804,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,emil_hedgehog,"An excellent platformer/beat-em-up game with a vivid artstyle and catchy electro/mariachi soundtrack. The fighting is very fluid in the game, with new moves introduced as it progresses and makes platforming a lot more fun to do as well.One word of warning though: there are quite a few instances of bright flashing colours appearing when you get powerups or new moves, so you might want to beware if you have epilepsy or previous experiences with seizures."
,Recommended,214770,9145808,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,kruteyebbo,awesome game. old school. whatever that means. its hard. and controls are partially unresponsive. but very satisfying.
76561198123940282,Recommended,214770,8991059,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Cereza,"The MarsupialPugilist grants Guacamelee! the title of Steam's premier metroidvania luchador game. Almost everyone else has expressed the same sentiment, but coming from The MarsupialPugilist, cousin to the luchador, this is a ringing endoresement.Guacamelee's combat is simple, but it oozes polish, power, and considerable depth.Characters themselves have little depth, but that is negligible given the fact that they all manage to have purpose, and more personality than most games can hope to achieve.Guacamelee! is worth $15, but it wouldn't hurt to wait on it, given the fact that the game has gone on sale a few times on Steam already. The MarsupialPugilist doesn't care, as long as you buy the game."
,Recommended,214770,8991156,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,snorky1929,"An absolute treat. As ""Metroidvania"" games go this game is an outstanding example of the format done right. Combat feels fluid, secrets are plentiful and sometimes challenging to obtain, and character progression leaves you feeling ever more powerful as you discover more abilities. This combined with a fantastic sense of humor (heavily laden with video game tributes) and a vibrant and colorful world, means that those looking for an entertaining, modern day take on the metroid/castlevania style should look no further than Guacamelee!!"
76561198042653360,Recommended,214770,8934253,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,foxkitsa,Incredibly fun and colorful Metroidvania-style game.
,Recommended,214770,8935082,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,HGenzo,the only thing missing is a sombrero
,Recommended,214770,8935136,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Dr. Aki Makura,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198120452320,Recommended,214770,8935164,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ORIBAT,Exelent 2D games.
,Recommended,214770,8935805,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,awesomesexer,"I was VERY suprised at how good this game was.  Not only are the controls and fighting system very tight, but the entire feel and atmosphere of the game is enjoyable.  And all the Easter Eggs and hidden jokes throughout the game are great.It's on sale all the time.  I recommend getting it."
76561198089110753,Recommended,214770,8936275,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,elmanisero777,"Guacamelee, though a bit short, is definitely worth it.  It's got great design, very fun to play, and though the normal mode is a bit too easy, gamers looking for a challenge will get it through hard mode (and not to mention the medal challeneges).  It's got character, humor, and good fighting mechanics, there's absolutely no reason not to buy it for 4 bucks."
76561198067731111,Recommended,214770,8937492,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kraleck,"¡Viva Lucha Libre! This game is hard to put down and harder to forget. A little bit of a seizure warning in many spots, but it's pure platforming beat-'em-up fun with lots of references to popular gaming and internet culture."
76561198024991721,Recommended,214770,8937543,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,creamy EsBy,Metroidvania with a side of refried frijoles.
76561197961459912,Recommended,214770,8937610,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,iNs.Grapefruit,"This game really scratched the metriodvania itch I've been having.  I would recommend a gamepad if you have one, but its not required."
,Recommended,214770,8941194,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mosphoren,Didn't think i'd like it but it's pretty fun! I really love the art style.
,Recommended,214770,8968636,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,VictorTango,"If you mixed Metroid with Super Meat Boy and sprinkled in a little bit of brawler fighting (maybe TMNT: Turtles Through Time?), wrapped it all up in a Mexican ""Day of the Dead"" aesthetic with beautiful artwork, and threw in a few laughs for good measure, you would get Guacamelee.I'm not quite finished with the game as of writing this but I've had an absolute blast playing."
76561198027405096,Recommended,214770,10194598,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Gungnir,"Its everything you could want in a 2D action epic...but mucho gusto Tons of laughs, excellent moves, and the soundtrack is amazing! Plus it really captivates the beauty of latino culture, and LUCHADORS! SO FIERCE! Also there is a touch of the zelda in there. You know, save the pretty lady and all that; for glory! The graphics are a nice touch, which the preview video doesn't do justice. Very crisp, much like a toritilla chip.Nacho Libre would be proud."
,Recommended,214770,8456959,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rosini,Muy bueno!
76561197981141737,Recommended,214770,8457061,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,lc1again,"while i have not finished this game, i have thoutoughly enjoyed the humor and challange of it ."
,Recommended,214770,8457314,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,reaction0,"Gaucamelee is a great metroidvania style game, a niche genre that is quite hard to find. The puzzle aspect of it may be slightly lacking, since the different impassable elements are color-coded to the abilities you receive, but I feel that is offset by the difficulty of some of the fights."
,Recommended,214770,8457365,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,mcac0006,"I regret not buying this earlier. The fighting mechanics are just spectacular - you can do some magnificent combos with some fighting moves which are awarded to you throughout the game. The overall character control is perfect - leaving you focus on your fighting and moves - the button mashing will come naturally! A few hours in and I found myself smiling at the awesomeness and hint of humor this game provides.It is a platformer which ultimately sends a message across to Nintendo and others alike - games don't have to cost an arm and a leg to excel.More of this, please!!"
,Recommended,214770,8537546,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,qnrrr,"Guacamelee, a great game indeed. Guacamelee is a beautiful platformer. What makes it beautiful is the colorful 2D art and the clever things in the background. It's the little things that make this game nice. On the gameplay, it's fun and it does a lot of respect to the undying platformer genre. This is a great buy."
76561198088256254,Recommended,214770,8464440,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shambles,"This game is soo much fun. It puts action, and puzzle into one. Plus some inocent Comedy.I give it a 5/5"
76561197998458342,Recommended,214770,8526810,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Corporal Touchy Breath,"DO YOU LIKE LUCHADORES, CHICKENS, NINTENDO REFERENCES AND FUN? THEN BUY THIS"
76561198030985910,Recommended,214770,8527101,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BlueFalcon,"This is where the reviews really help; I saw this game, but wasn't sure about it.  Then, I read the reviews and most were positive.  This is a side-scrolling game that is a lot of fun to play.  The graphics are different, but beautiful and give the game its own style.  I'm a mouse and keyboard player, but after playing about five hours decided to try an xbox controller as it was recommended.  The controller definitely made a difference by making the moves in the game easier to input.  I would recommend this game as it has a great art style, has some great platforming puzzles to get through, and is a lot of fun to play."
76561198006897661,Recommended,214770,8527304,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ahlen,"If you like Super Metroid and Mexicans, this is the game for you."
76561198046574238,Recommended,214770,8528624,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,puckyducky,"This game is spectacularly fun, humorous, colorful, musical, etc. etc. I honestly really like it. The art and plot are really great. That being said, this is one of the trickiest platformers I've played. If I didn't have a stubborn perseverence, I would've ragequit a while ago. As it is, I do have to take breaks and remind myself that, despite its difficult keyboard commands, this game isn't impossible. I recommend it. If you're patient. And if you're not...you should probably take it slowly. xD"
,Recommended,214770,8529770,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BeverageNinja,"I can't get enough of this game. It looks great, plays great, has funny writing, and the somewhat hidden shout outs to other games is just genius."
,Recommended,214770,8543593,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,coil780,"Guacamelee oozes style and polish from every frame. It's a pitch-perfect Metroidvania (explorable map, powerups to open new paths, etc) with satisfying combo-driven brawler combat that stays both entertaining and challenging from start to finish. The game is also loaded with secrets that provide extra challenge for the truly hardcore, including a gauntlet-style challenge and (in the Infierno bonus content) a series of challenge rooms that test your timing, speed, and combat savvy.The game also supports two-player (local only, I believe) coop, with the second player as the luchadora Tostada. A solo player can also swap to Tostada if they choose, though the game's script will still refer to the player as ""Juan.""Playing with a controller is strongly recommended."
,Recommended,214770,8545402,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,My Name's Paul,Metroidvania-style game with a luchadore theme. The animation style works really well. Pro-click.
76561197976729836,Recommended,214770,8545810,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,furburger,Very cool variation on the metroidvania style of game! Even has a few Metroid moments for fans of the games like me.Great characters and a colourful aesthetic make this a must play especially for the low price.
76561198064722138,Recommended,214770,8546087,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,robvancram,"Great Game, Awesome art style and controls."
76561197972917128,Recommended,214770,8520640,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,gmongoose,"If you have ever enjoyed a Metroid or Castlevania game, you'll love this one.  All around great and funny game."
,Recommended,214770,8520661,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chief Nub Nub,"First I want to say, don't look at my hours on steam as an accurate representation of how much fun this game is. I happily picked this up on Vita for the opportunity to play this away from my PC.You won't be able to stop yourself from loving this game as you progress through this beautifully crafted world as Juan, the newly created Luchador. Many obsticles stand in your way as you attempt to stop the one who kidnapped your love and take her back from his clutches.With hilarious comedy, percise and very solid controls, platforming puzzles, and very satisfying combat you must traverse your way through the world. Helping people along the way. I've personally put about 16 hours into the game and i've still got many more to go so do yourself a favor and take my example. Buy this game. (Also remember, you can grab onto walls)((REMEMBER THAT))"
,Recommended,214770,8521177,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Brown Jenkin,To the designer that crafted the final boss fight as well as the orb obstacle course on the Tula Tree level: may you rot in hell you son of a ♥♥♥♥♥.Recommended.
,Recommended,214770,8522003,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sad Song Subject,"Great experience, if a bit short considering the genre. I'd sometimes get new abilities within 20 mins of each other, and I didn't feel like there were enough locales to explore.Otherwise it's a great game and I look forward to more from the developers."
,Recommended,214770,9990600,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,nathan.zumwalt,"Guacamelee is an exceptionally fun game, especially if you're into the Metroidvania genre, which I didn't know existed until I played it.  The graphics are great and give a game a destinctive feel (unlike most Metroidvania games, which are generic/crappy 8-bit mish mashes).  The difficulty doesn't get annoying until near the end, but the gameplay is rewarding.Once of the best games I've played in the last year!"
76561198008970214,Recommended,214770,9828633,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,morgrendel,"I enjoyed this game.  It was an entertaining sidescroller.  I played it on a laptop keyboard which was tricky at times, but managable.  Goofy, fun, interesting.  You will enjoy it."
,Recommended,214770,9832528,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Del Mingus,This game is a definite must buy. I loved it. It's a platformer/beat em up with a lot of charm. The brilliant colourful animation and great soundtrack really give the game character and it sets it apart from other indie platformers. It's quite a fun and challenging game and while difficult at times it's one of those games where trying over and over again will reap rewards.I'd give this game 9/10. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,214770,9718680,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Exavier126,A great adventure/platformer in the style of the classics. Lots to love here from the combat to the art style to the humor. Definitely worth picking up.
,Recommended,214770,7658328,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,The Majin,"What a fantastic metroidvania! I cannot overstate just how well done Guacamelee is all together. The game  has an original feel largely thanks to to its animation influenced art style. The game has loads of humor to boot and it is just darn fun.While combat is a staple of metroidvanias, Guacamelee has a beat  'em up feel to its system. Combat is done by chaining punches together with the main attack button. As you progress you will learn four combat special moves executed with another button or key and a direction. These can be chained together for long combos. Also there is a grab move that can be executed on enemies have taken enough damage. The basic system is simple and common to many fighting games and brawlers, but I have not encountered it in a 2D metroidvania before.Guacamelee also has a heavy focus on precise platforming sections. These sections can range in difficulty, from simple to hand-cramping tough.The aerial acrobatics that your character is put through defy easy description, or even recallable button input. But after that last time he had to do a wall run, air dash, dimensional phase, double jump, flaming uppercut, and punch for that little extra distance.... I really wished I could have just reach in and given him a good length of rope.Overall a really great game though."
,Recommended,214770,9726561,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Yeish,"This is one of the best sidescrollers to be found. The art, animations, plattforming puzzles, humour, music and the unlocking of always new and surprising abilities keeps you playing! Unfortunately the battles themselves aren't so great, but just good. Nevertheless this game can be recommended. It only has a few minor flaws which are completely forgivable. It's absolutely worth the time and the money!"
,Recommended,214770,9729145,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Amhuinn,"This is a fun metroidvania style game with a great aesthetic and some awesome music.  The game doesn't overstay it's welcome and offers some pretty challenging platforming segments, if you want to dig deep.  I didn't try any of the co-op play, but I really liked that it offers drop-in style co-op, something you hardly ever see anymore."
,Recommended,214770,9928822,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Nutsnut,"Endless fun with some great boss battles and level design, haven't had so much fun in a game for a while.Each unique level/power up opens up areas that were previously out of bounds, which makes you play back through previous chapters to explore and make them feel new.5* gaming."
,Recommended,214770,9936698,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Oden's Ride Over Nerdland,chingón
,Recommended,214770,9945323,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Wackydavo,Probably the greatest platformer I've ever played. Close call between this and the Rayman games.
76561197979363836,Recommended,214770,9904484,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,A.x.e.,solid platformer with lots of funny gamer references.
,Recommended,214770,9904646,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,SlonerMike,"Played it front to back and loved every minute of it.  The platforming and puzzles are challenging.  The combat is satisfying.  The upgrades all feel relevant and timely.  The game is paced extremely well.  The final boss is tough, even on easy, but is fair, and beatable.  It's basically a ""Metroidvania"" beat-em-up."
,Recommended,214770,9894572,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,GotSka81,Just buy it.  Really.  Loads of fun for a pittance.
,Recommended,214770,9346647,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Neolarthytep,"Fun Metroidvania style game with catchy graphics, and music. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes games of the metroidvania style!"
76561198097760486,Recommended,214770,9347832,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Viper Tesla,"Beautifully illustrated, dripping color and awash in the mythology of Mexico and Central America, Guacamelee is a delightful romp with clever platforming and writing."
76561198067174758,Recommended,214770,9339885,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Scouts-Many-Marshes,Great Game! I love Mexican folklore and I love this game. Viva Mexico!
76561197967593032,Recommended,214770,9262749,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,|UTB| IronDog,"Great little puzzle game wrapped up in a hand to hand combat shroud. Takes a bit of time to get into, unlocking moves, but gets very satisfying, gameplay-wise, after and a very good story :)"
,Recommended,214770,9263965,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,gmakerc,"This game is outstanding and my only regret is that I didn't play it sooner. I am always on the lookout for games with fun local co-op, and this one takes the cake. The platforming sections can be a little unrelenting, but the combat is especially fun when you've got a good friend by your side to take on the harder bosses. I recommend this game to anyone who has not yet played it."
,Recommended,214770,9267237,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,pfnurphl,"This is a fantastic 2D beat 'em up platformer. Couch co-op is a lot of fun with a pair of controllers. Like all platformers, it's much more difficult with a keyboard."
76561198065040789,Not Recommended,214770,9405547,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TERROR,"Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ the platforming in this game. You want platforming in a game to be challenging but this just became completely irritating and not at all fun to play and really hinders the progression of the story when you have to spend 2 hours just trying to beat the same platforming section. ♥♥♥♥ that. And it started out so good too, such a shame...."
76561198020399882,Recommended,214770,9438605,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,bruno.uy,5/5.  Looks great.  It's just hard enough.  There's humor and interesting characters.
,Recommended,214770,9442086,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,MrZeebub,"If you enjoy metroidvanias, you would be doing yourself a disservice by skipping this one.  Great design all around.  Funny characters and story.  Satisfying combat mechanics.  Music is great.  HAS CO-OP.  Buy it."
,Recommended,214770,9418070,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Bunzer,"One of my favorites steam games. Beautiful, hard as a game has to be, and really intelligent, this game has everything to be THE plateformer. And if you want more, you should be aware that it's also an amazing metroidvania, with a brilliant level-design and some amazing bosses !  Just buy it."
76561197998446503,Recommended,214770,8435740,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,lakimdesjaak,"Great game! Good mechanics, very good humor, great music and fine artwork. Lots of eastereggs and references to other games, made me laugh a lot of times, especially at the 'your princess us at another castle'.Highly recommended, even if only for the goat."
76561198125063862,Recommended,214770,9078670,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,mvanfleet09,"Having a lot of fun with this one, reminds me of the first time I played Metroid with the back and forth through different areas. It's nice to know games like this are still being made"
,Recommended,214770,9091935,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,prettyFist,"Excellent Metroidvania style gameplay, extremely fun local co-op, and one heck of a fun 2d brawler/platformer. My favorite feature is how every move has versatile uses both inside and outside combat. Could be longer and personally i think it has aslightproblem with the amount of memes. Regardless of the cons, VERY fun and is undoubtably worth the price. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,214770,9095447,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Uber Atomic Pan (LSKM14),"Ever wondered what Castlevania: Symphony of the Night would be like if you were in Mexico instead of Transylvania and you were playing as a Luchador instead of the son of Dracula?....no?Well, here it is anyway. And damn, is it fun. It may not be a very long game, but it's worth every moment."
,Recommended,214770,9191382,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Cory,Awesome! Classic platformer in the style of Metroid/Castlevania. Excellent stylized graphics and great gameplay. I would recommend this to anyone.
76561197971294768,Recommended,214770,9199361,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Roxy,Well-designed and humorous.
,Recommended,214770,9296783,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Stupidome,"Oldschool buttonsmashing, with a smile!"
76561198122984059,Recommended,214770,9254416,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sweet Jonny Ross,"This masterpeice of platforming is hands down superior to any Metroid or Castlevania game I've ever taken on, and I'm including symphony of the night here.Drinkbox has nailed it with awesome colour, brilliant sets, and fun challening combat and gameplay.Best aspect comes from the perfect difficulty set in which keeps the game moderatley challenging throughout the main missionline, but then cranks up to a level of difficulty that is unforgivable (and sometimes frustratingly impossible in my case) when trying to tackle the secret challenge areas of the game. If you passed some of these levels, you're a platforming masterclass in my book.Some of the epic action shots in this made me believe again in the heroic stature of the Luchador afer so much media teardown on this cultural profession.Great Hero Game. Must Play."
,Recommended,214770,9255535,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,2DEndGame,"amazing 2D platformer, great combat system and just an amazing game!"
76561198002502137,Recommended,214770,9237428,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Zabuza86_SWE,"Wonderful game. Great looking graphics and a very suitable soundtrack which adds to the mexican style atmosphere. Enough variability between the different levels so you don't get boored on repetive gameplay. The controls are responsive and exact as well. If you like platform-games that are challenging in a good way with nice stories and great music, than don't miss out on Guacamelee. It's simply a great game that easily could have claimed a higher price."
,Recommended,214770,9237914,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Graydon,"An incredibly challenging, but satisfying metroidvania game that is set in a Spanish Luchador setting. I quite enjoyed my time with what this game had to offer, its just too bad I got stuck on the incredibly challenging final boss. Its a great indie game that I would reccomend to anyone whos interested in the genre."
76561197971033331,Recommended,214770,8977898,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,JUDGE.zelgi,Metroid/Castlevania clone with grande cojones! VAMONOS AMIGOS! AYE AYE AYE :D
,Recommended,214770,9286824,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,olkjas,"I wholeheartedly reccomend this game. It has some beautiful art, and some great music. Even though you can get it from the Humble bundle at the time of this writing, I'd happily pay full price for it."
76561198122225062,Recommended,214770,9325982,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,La Flare 745,Awesome. A really fun game. Tough/annoying boss battles though.
,Recommended,214770,9326391,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Redd,"A fun game that has tons of challenge, lots of spirit, and great characters. I'd definitely say you should buy this game and give it a go, it has lots of re-playability and will keep you entertained."
,Recommended,214770,9186355,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Kbbles,Does not involve fighting mashed avocados.  Thoroughly disappointed.
,Recommended,214770,8505590,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Serpens,"If you like old-school style Metroidvania action-adventure games, this is a great new one to try, and the Luchador theme adds a good dash of humour."
,Recommended,214770,8506842,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sola Cristos,I picked this up on a whim and it is def a pretty fun little platformer with its own style.
,Recommended,214770,8510455,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Musi Musi,"Guacamelee is a really colourful and funny 2D platformer that engages me with its rapid and never dull combat gameplay.It portrays a very simple storyline with many interesting elements inside. I bought this game off steam after reading through the reviews and recommendations and would like to share my own as I really love this game.If you are looking for simple games like Mario, then you will be in for a shock. Platforming through the map requires frequent button mashing and quick thinking. It is easy to get frustrated initially due to the difficulty of navigating through the map, just for 1 simple treasure. However, once you get the hang of it, you would want to challenge yourself more!Also, the combat system is really interesting. Just when you thought that the enemies are repetitive, you get shields on them which only certain moves can break them. You get enemies which you have to switch dimension to attack. You have to dodge, jump and wack your way through some stages.I really love this game a lot and would certainly recommend it to everyone. The story is wackily simple with interesting characters like a GOAT, who teaches you moves, enormous chickens, skeletons and also my fav flame face.Check this game out and hopefully, you will find it fun too :)"
,Recommended,214770,8512271,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,denius666 (fr),"A very nice Metroid/Castelvania like 2D action platformer. Quite difficult to achieve 100% with all orbs.Be aware of some problems with V-Sync : V-Sync ON makes the game go turbo mode. I didn't notice that until X'Tabay. Turning V-Sync OFF gets the game to run on normal speed, but tearing occurs."
76561198025067540,Recommended,214770,8498288,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Iheartihop,Excellent Metroidvania-type game with very satisfying physical combat. Great sense of humor.
,Recommended,214770,8499147,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CapnBooker,"DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE PRONE TO EPILEPTIC SEISURES.Seriously. There's a lot, and I do mean a lot, of flashing lights and bright colors.Otherwise the game is pretty solid, but I didn't see the epilepsy warning explicitly mentioned in any reviews of the game, so, y'know, thought it ought to be said. For the sake of safety.Also, there's a Homestar Runner reference. That was pretty cool."
,Recommended,214770,8500006,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kyle,"Great game, great co-op!  Definitely buy it and play with a friend!  Very fun game and story!"
,Recommended,214770,8500721,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Symonak,A near perfect blend of multiple genre with a really funny humoristic twist.Highly recommend if you are craving a fighting/metroidvania game with a personality
76561198043090341,Recommended,214770,8504248,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,dragonhunter26,tons of fun. the people who made this game are true geeks. castlvania style gameplay  but with mexican wrestlers.
,Recommended,214770,8495953,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Veraxus,"Man, I LOVE this game.As with all ""Metroidvania"" style platformers you absolutely, positively must use an appropriate controller. You wouldn't use a gamepad to play Civilization, so you shouldn't try to use a keyboard to play Guacamelee... or Super Meat Boy... or Spelunky. You are setting yourself up for pain and suffering.That said, I love Guacamelee like I love blessed few platformers. It's challenging, but not overly so (*cough* Meatboy *cough*) - and the writing, art style, and oh-so-subtle references to other games and pop culture are magificent in their execution. The game ramps up the complexity gradually, so you have a chance to improve as you play - and even avoid optional areas that may be too difficult for you (although there are plenty of bonus rewards for the adventurous).I honestly don't think I've enjoyed a platformer this much since Super Metroid. The only other that comes close is Little Big Planet. That's saying something."
,Recommended,214770,8484180,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,raim1312,"With incredibly smooth gameplay and comedic characters, this game is a joy!"
,Recommended,214770,8485088,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,EViLBites,"Guacamelee is a fantastic, witty and beautifully styled adventure through Mexican clichés and folklore alike. Being, as the name implies, a melee brawler you are eased into each new combo with clever environmental hints to break through to new areas. Platforming can be tricky but is thankfully forgiving with no health penalties for missing a jump. Upgrades come often and enemies vary quite nicely to keep the tempo going. Overall a fun adventure with drop in co-op to boot.The only improvement would be well voiced characters, which in itself is difficult to do, but which does not detract from the overall game experience."
,Recommended,214770,8488641,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,webs,"Have you ever wanted to don the mask of a luchador and heroically save your senorita, El Presidente's daughter, from the clutches of the evil Calaca?  Well then you should get off the computer and start getting into better shape!  But if you want to experience that epic adventure without all the sweaty exercise and horrible danger then Guacamelee is perfect for you!Guacamelee is a metroidvania-style beat'em up from DrinkBox Studios.  You play the role of Juan or Tostada and set out on an adventure to save the world from the evil Calaca.  Throughout the game you'll unlock new moves from the Rooster Uppercut to the Goat Climb.  As you unlock more moves you'll be able to backtrack through the game and access areas that were previously inaccessible.Guacamelee comes with Steam Workshop support and with it the ability to create and/or use custom skins created by the Steam community.  There are areas that act as arenas to fight in and test your luchadorian prowess.  There are only a few side quests in the game but they do add a tiny bit of background to the story of the game's world.While replayability may be limited to just a tougher difficulty setting the game still has enough content in it to last you a decent amount of time.  Going for a 100% playthrough will take you upwards of 15-20 hours (or at least it did for myself...  I am kind of terrible at games though).All in all, I do recommend this game to anyone looking for a good and funny take on an average day in the life of a luchador."
76561198081921597,Recommended,214770,8488874,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Amaya,"This game has so many funny references and the gameplay is fantastic, it was one of the best games I have ever played  and I recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,214770,8490515,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,nathanlo9,"I just finished all 60 Achievements for Guacamelee.  I cannot recommend it highly enough.  Aside from a fantastic art style and clever level design, the strength of this game is the tight, polished controls.  There's a definite learning curve and you can play the entire game without ever really learning its nuances. Once you've mastered all the moves, however, you'll feel absolute command of your character.  The only negatives about this game, in my opinion, are the formulaic ""save a princess"" storyline and the repetitive soundtrack.  Other than that Guacamelee is the best Metroidvania game I've played in years and should be played by anyone who likes platformers."
,Recommended,214770,8585963,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Patches,"It's a fun game overall, but as a warning, they ramp up the difficulty for the final level to the point of being unpleasant (Like Psychonauts last-level unpleasant)."
,Recommended,214770,8561940,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,princemoonrise,"One of the best 'metroidvania' type games I've ever played.  Juan grows stronger and more fun to play the further you advance, and are then able to backtrack and collect items in areas previously traversed for even more buffs.  There's a decent amount of optional stuff to do even after you beat it, and there are two endings depending on how much you did.  While I didn't think I'd like the art style or the theme, but I gave it a chance and it grew on me to the point where I thought I'd die if I didn't have Taco Bell at least once during my playthru and the music is still stuck in my head!  Combat feels tight, and wrestling power moves feel useful and satisfying.  The game is full of interesting characters, colorful culture, and hilarious jokes and memes that throw many a nod to the 'net and the legacy of gaming.  This is one of the few games I feel respects the gamer, but its a two way street.  It does rely on some tight timings for some of the later environmental puzzles but it's nothing that can't be done without a bit of practice and determination.  Stick with it, you'll become stronger.  (I beat it without help from any guides or looking up videos.)  I feel this well-designed friction that makes players better at a game as they play it, is something missing from most games of this era and Guacamelee has that magic in spades.  The imperfections I've noticed: significant lag with fullscreen+vsync (I had to play in a window for no lag) and some of the gameplay techniques are not as well documented or demonstrated as well as they could have been.  Recommended for a must-play game of this decade!  Ole!"
,Recommended,214770,8587918,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ShaggyMoose,"A smooth, enjoyable blend of platforming, tactical melee combat and puzzle solving. The ability to string together insane combos from what appears to be a limited set of moves was both crazy fun and also a core game mechanic. Mastery is essential for progress. At times it was immensely frustrating, but I found myself coming back just the same. Just a word of caution to anyone with OCD; do not buy this game. I played it for ten hours and only went through about 70% of the content. Some of it is insanely hard and it is very likely you will die of malnutrition before you get 100% completion..."
,Recommended,214770,8590832,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,luuk86,This game is awesome in it's simplicity.Recipe for great Guacamelee:-Great graphics-Metroid-like gameplay-Beat 'm' Up gameplay-Funny Characters-Mexican style
76561198043183734,Recommended,214770,8591196,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,IronBear,Super Metroid and Grim Fandango had a baby. A 5/5 stars kinda baby.
76561197962077854,Recommended,214770,9148641,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,=TAC= IronLobster,This is luchador Metroid. Your reaction to that sentence will tell you all you need to know.
,Recommended,214770,9149183,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Agent00Funk,Fun little platformer
76561198083363463,Recommended,214770,9150578,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Josh,"A must own for anyone who likes platforming. It was funny from front the back, challenging but not unfair. I liked the music and colors, the art style and combat system. The combos take a while to get a hang of but once achieved they are great. I will never forget the dodge/roll"
76561198027891951,Recommended,214770,8329910,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Vinnie,Tons of fun! Cool platforming and melee combat.
,Recommended,214770,9043426,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,dotAbyss,"The art in this game is just amazing! There are lots of easter eggs, the gameplay is really great, there's multiplayer (only local)... It probably is the best metroidvania I've ever played.Comparing it to other similar games available on Steam that I've played... Guacamelee is far better than Dust and Valdis Story."
,Recommended,214770,9032110,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheSwiggsScenario,"Colourful art style, great soundtrack, and humorously written. Controls should be re-bindable on the controller, but good platforming and reasonable combat system add up to a thoroughly entertaining game."
76561198029383864,Recommended,214770,9024478,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,OS | Urubuzao,"This is a good game.The gameplay is great, with combat fun and good exploration.There are some jokes and references to other games that are great, but the plot itself is so so.For those tha like challenge, some extra stuff can be very hard, or even, IMO, annoying."
,Recommended,214770,9027317,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Audi,"Guacamelee is a beat-'em-up/Metroidvania hybrid game set in a Mexican-like fantasy setting.The combat system is extremely tight and satisfying with the combination of normal attacks, special moves, throws, and dodges making the game easy enough for beginners but allowing for a good bit of mastery if you want to complete all of the Inferno challenges.The music for the game is fantastic. It has a very traditional Mexican sound with trumpets, acoustic guitars, and the like often mixed with various electronic genres like glitch and breakbeat.The art direction is really strong in this game as well. The animations are silky smooth for the characters and, as the screenshots show, it is an extremely colorful game, which is a nice break from all the gritty greys and browns used in many games today.I've yet to play through it on hard mode, but it is something that I am considering soon. Overall, I'd recommend this to a friend. It's certainly worth a playthough."
,Recommended,214770,7694188,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Durandal42,Try this salsa flavored Metroidvania style game. Pure awesomeness!
76561198030764103,Recommended,214770,9049726,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,nlyso,Great game! You really need a controller though.
76561197981478486,Recommended,214770,9050815,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,spacemanchuck,"If you enjoy Metroid-Vania style game play, rad punching and smashing of pancho wearing skellys, and amaze balls mariachi jams, then you will LOVE this game!I mucho gusto this el video game, mucho grande style!  Its an extremely polished game, I am enjoying the crap out of it!  Do not hesitate to byu this game, and play it with your hombre Chris Mott while practicing your hispanic speak in tha jakoooooz!"
76561198011907911,Recommended,214770,9356501,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Aezor,_Fool you will enjoy this one! gameplay gets better as you progress
,Recommended,214770,9371072,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,e1himself,"Fun, stylish and thrilling gameplay.Special thanks for a pretty good coop mode!Spent a couple of hours playing the game with two gamepads :)"
,Recommended,214770,9372373,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,daFührerWorms,So....many.....references and easter eggs......kjahagjfhavbhjbjv!!!
,Recommended,214770,9376459,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheBoostmeister,"""A Metroidvania where you learn wrestling moves (from goatmen or fighting chickens) to access more areas."" -tvtropes.orgThat should be all you need to know."
,Recommended,214770,9379776,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[Esai.],"Great platformer! It feels very responsive, the platforming puzzles are great and the art style is a fiesta. Played it local co-op so i had a blast yelling at the tv with my partner. BUY IT! also, the references to other games is cool."
,Recommended,214770,8972952,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,musiluss,"In a very short ''review'' Guacamelee is a hard platforming game with a non-important story but which excell at graphics and sound.8,5/10"
76561198078148895,Recommended,214770,8982216,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Zapp Brannigan,"Guacamelee is not only an excellent homage to classic games such as: Super Metroid and Symphony of the Night, it pushes the ""metroidvania"" genre to greater heights. It features an excellent mix of platforming,exploration and combo centric SLAM JAMS! Guacamelee also has an incredible presentation with great music and plenty to keep you wanting to play it! Not many games emulating the genre dont always do a great job,but Guacamelee deserves to one day be in league with the classics. Please buy this game ASAP."
76561198122561069,Recommended,214770,8999445,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,whoayeah,"Guacamelee! offers many hours of fun. I really like the art design, and the gameplay and story are great too. The side achievements keep things fresh. I highly recommend it."
76561198027885736,Recommended,214770,9002816,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,glass,sooooo good!
,Recommended,214770,9007177,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,SmoothOperator,"With tons of Indie platformers out there it’s really hard to bring something new into the picture. Guacamelee is a love letter to the Metroid and the movie ""Nacho Libre"". The world, albeit graphically not particularly rich (some could argue with the artistic style the developers opted for) is fun to explore.  Very much like in the Metroid series the old areas expand as your abilities to better explore become available. I also really liked the opportunity to switch between two worlds that added greatly to the old areas and also had practical function to it.The platforming mechanics are solid, the RPG elements are there but in really shallow kind of way, the story and side quests are amusing. The Mexican music I found myself not too fond of, but it certainly is appropriate. The game has plenty of character.Basically this an all-around solid title and if you are fond of plaforming adventure games you can’t go wrong with this one.8/10"
76561198060832387,Recommended,214770,9009054,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,OutOfFlames,This is a must with Johnny Bravo skin from workshop.
76561197976027673,Recommended,214770,9011119,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Beefsworth,An amazing platformer/beat 'em up.  I loved everything about this game.
76561198045669334,Recommended,214770,9011626,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,TheSunDanKid,A love letter to all Metroid-Vania fans.
,Recommended,214770,9013161,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,「WahnTawns」,"A Metroidvania-style game with a Mexican theme with many, many notible references and nods to other games where you can even play as Johnny Bravo or Samus Aran? Man, this game surprised me many times during my first playthrough. PLAY this game."
76561198044508357,Recommended,214770,9013903,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,tdog,"If you like games demanding annoyingly precise movements and reflexes suitable for an astraunaut then this is your game. Crtitcs complained about length but if anything this game stops being fun way before it's over. The game features hordes of enemies jumping around from every angle and dimension (it's power relatied; you can't hurt them but they can hurt you unless you switch dimensions), an anticlimatic ending (unless you collect all the orbs), and for balance, some actually funny dialogue. Check out some gameplay footage before biting. If you like difficult platforming and repetitive combat tactics then this should be in your in game collection. 7/10"
,Recommended,214770,9014023,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Stryn,Unique art style and setting.  Fun and challenging gameplay.  Sweet music and some good humor too.  Definitely a worthy purchase.
76561198069877806,Recommended,214770,9019431,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ur Game Buddy,All is fine BUT BEFORE YOU BUY THIS GAME KNOW THIS: THE MULTIPLAYER OPTION IS ONLY WHEN YOUR FRIEND SITS NEXT TO YOU IN THE PHYSICAL/ REAL WORLD WHICH IS A BIG BUMMER BECAUSE WHO HAS FRIENDS AT A PC TO PLAY A CO-OP. BIG FAIL MUCHACHOS.
,Recommended,214770,9020176,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Tower of Silence,Great action fighter+platformer with many secrets.
,Recommended,214770,9020623,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,nekkron99,It's a flying elbow of the high ropes! Can't get enough.
76561198116739173,Recommended,214770,9020985,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Chinmaster,"A great combat platformer!The gameplay is SO much fun! You unlock different kinds of abilities that aren't just used in battle but to combat the terrain as well! The characters are witty and original, with plenty of slapstick humor thrown into the mix of action and adventure. The music is a treat to listen to and the artwork is BEAUTIFUL!I would have payed much more than what I did for this game! My only qualm is that you NEED a controller, they do say it is recomended, but its nigh impossible to play on the keybaord - but this is only a small problem!10/10 Great purchase IF you love platformers!"
76561198076593432,Recommended,214770,9021561,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,trichamp001,really good old school platform with great puzzles and a well thought out combat system. it's entertaining and at points addictive. If you want a challenge try the hard mode. Story isn't that captivating is just goofy.
,Recommended,214770,9022486,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,LOL DUDE,"While I may or may not be a sucker for Metroid-vania games (because Dust: An Elysian Tail, hurpdurp), there's no denying that this is an excellent game. In Guacamelee!, you'll find special moves that are used for both creating crazy combos and imaginitive platforming, an excellent sense of humor with plenty of references, and an art style that's just hard to ignore. What you won't find is stuff like full voice acting and online multiplayer, but these are things that you can get over pretty easily (i've heard that the multiplayer isn't that good, anyway). If you like Metroid-vania games, seriously go and pick this up."
76561198108385692,Recommended,214770,11972856,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,mm-9,"I was skeptical at first when I got it in a bundle, but it's probably the best game I received. The subtle humor is great. It gets pretty difficult at times. I'm glad it's not just an easy play through. The combos are easy, but it still takes a bit of skill during the boss battles. Definitely reccomend it."
76561198006734002,Recommended,214770,11968483,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Boy Dangerous,"An amazing and fun 2-D action side scroller. The game features very colorful graphics and sound that have an authentic Mexican flavor and flare to them. The control is very responsive and makes controlling your character simple. Your character controls well whether you are exploring or fighting enemies. The game also features a 'metroid-vania' inspired map layout full of bonus areas that are only accessible with certain powerups. During your quest, you will unlock additional stat increases and powerups, which allow for greater flexibility in fights and new ways to explore your environment.The game does feature some fairly challenging sections, which require fast reflexes and good coordination in order to advance. During some of these moments I did feel like yelling at my monitor, but the satisfaction I felt after passing these sections felt oh so good.As you might expect from this kind of game, the story is pretty bland. The dialog also feels pretty flat overall. But, if you're like me, that's really not why you wanted to play this game in the first place.Check it ouf if you enjoy side scrolling action games with exploration elements. I certainly had a great time playing it. You will probably get about 10 hours worth of play time out of this game."
,Recommended,214770,11913535,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,CL114C0777498D,"a lot of fun in co-op, the perfect game for chilling on a couch and playing on the tv with a controller.but the co-op option doesn't appear until after you play through a few rooms in single player. i thought it just wasn't there."
76561198042643953,Recommended,214770,10974014,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pyro Squirrel,Hooray for this glorious day of the dead styled metroidvania.
,Not Recommended,214770,11955308,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Liquid,Not sure why this received so many thumbs up for reviews... the entire opening up to the point of him putting on the mask is nothing but running.......more running. more and more running. jump up. and keep running till you reach the church to perform the task of hitting some barrels and... then run some more to find the bad guy waiting for you as you leave to the next stage and he knocks you out were you wake up to continue running. and run...... change scene/load new area. run more. change area again. put the mask on. then a bunch of pop ups you have to press A to dismiss..... that is where I stopped the game. Everything up to that point was so much running. Not even kidding. If the intro is you running for a couple minutes just to reach a church to hit some barrels then run some more.... I can't see wasting my time right this moment to continue running and punching. And 2 achievements unlocked in all of this for nothing really. It all seems kind of lame. Not to mention the dragged out dialog prior to all this running you have to press A repeatedly to dismiss to get to the running.... 14.99..... not thrilled about it.
76561197991257362,Not Recommended,214770,11926576,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,gjhall71,"Die DIe and Die again - massage fingers and hands - die die die from more jumping and combinations of dimension shift , jump, rooster punch (to gain more altitude).  Goes from fun - to horrible. You will feel good after some of these challenges - but in the end - no game should be this frustrating.great music and visuals- I stopped at the Tule Tree - where you have to jump and dimension shift to climb.Good part in dying - you pretty much insta spawn on the last place you were - guess the makers knew how many times people would die and die and die again."
76561198119377605,Recommended,214770,9635110,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Mr.Meeseeks,"Amazing game, fun and filled with lots of allusions."
76561198039619705,Recommended,214770,9636954,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,AngelofNoMercyX,"I LOVE this game.  I can't recommend it highly enough.  The soundtrack is great, the art is great, the gameplay is great, the Dia de los Muertos theme is great, the dialogue is great, the story is great. It's just a really enjoyable experience with a fun sense of humor and enough challenge to earn a nice sense of accomplishment.  The learning curve and skill progression are very nice all the way through normal mode and on into hard mode.  There are two different endings and you can see them both in normal mode."
,Recommended,214770,10085034,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Nivek TT,"I'm late to the party but really enjoying this. Satisfying combat thats easy to grasp but difficult to master, some innovative platforming and an original setting thats thoroughly charming! This is well worth picking up."
,Recommended,214770,10276723,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,NikAr,Awesome metroidvania
,Recommended,214770,396206,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,arbor day,Guacamelee is on par with Super Metroid. AAAA++++++++++++++++ would buy again
,Recommended,214770,21454861,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Where's my jetpack?,"Good soundtrack, nice visual style, fun & satisfying combat with high skill ceiling. Even better with a friend."
,Recommended,214770,208446,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,destx,LOCO BUENO
,Recommended,214770,30449960,Posted: 11 March,all,The Best Nerd,"I'd have to say, the most glaring issue with this game is that !SPOILERS!Has a good ending and bad ending.  You can easily miss one collectible, and have to backtrack just to find the stupid missing orb that you need to finish the game with the good ending.For those who don't want the spoilers, I'll just say this: Grab everything you come by."
,Recommended,214770,7596273,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Braiking,"A Metroidvania-style game bursting with some much flavor, you'll enjoy every minute of it."
,Recommended,214770,7762638,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,amihalas,"Guacamelee! Gold Edition is a Metroidvania Mexican styled action platformer.The very first impression of the game is that it looks awesome. A wonderful and colourful atmosphere that reminds me the good old times of Monkey Island. In addition to that, the writing is sharp with a lot of funny dialogues...or to be more precise, the dialogues are mostly monologues since our mexican hero Juan will not say any word during the game.Regarding the combats, I would say that are interesting but they can also end up to be quiet boring. Juan has some standard attacks (punch, kick) but he gains many power ups as he goes deeper and deeper into to the game.My humble opinion is that a medium experienced gamer would need about 10hours to finish the game. But if you want to push your self to the limits you will have to try to unlock as many steam achievents as you can. This is a real challenge, especially if you try to win all gold medals in the El Infierno area (I think I spent two days for this...nightmare).As a conclusion, I would say thay Guacamelee is a great game with humour, fantastic world design and interesting battles. Even if someone is not a lover of 2D platform games I believe that Guacamelee has something for him as well. Finally, if you do not have a CONTROLLER, just do not play the game. The first few hours I tryied it with the keyboard and I can assure you that you will not be able to keep up with steam achievents."
76561198021096324,Recommended,214770,8931265,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[Nocturnal]Daemoria,"While I am not a platforming fan, and am frankly rubbish at all jumping puzzles... the action and humor in this game keep me pressing on no matter how hard the jumps become. Its almost a game in itself to find all the little bits of references the developers tucked away into this game.11/10.would bang."
,Recommended,214770,8931337,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Snerkus,this game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing great!
,Recommended,214770,8931510,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Sylv,Way fun metroidvania.  Slightly on the smaller side but ridiculously worth it when on sale.  Has great character and dialogue.  Buys it on sale now.
,Recommended,214770,8931552,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Rabieshijax,"It's a melee Metroid, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,214770,8931614,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,allopatry,"Metroidvania luchador beat 'em up with light/dark world mechanics? The premise of this game is quite silly, but it's pulled off nicely. Guacamelee was one of many amazing 2013 indie-ish titles to tide us over before a new console generation. Regardless of the context of its release, this game looks and plays great. I played with a 360 controller which worked well. Combat is satisfying and difficulty ramps up for those seeking a challenge. The animations are fluid and interesting. And soooo many Easter eggs. I like to think I recognized them all - there were dozens of references to other video games and internet humor scattered about. I felt strongly enough about the game to go through and do all of the sidequests plus collect all the things. Victory unlocks a harder version of the game, plus you can check out community designed outfits for male and female luchador(a)s.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214770,8932401,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Zrave,"Awesome platforming game, really grew on me as I played. I usually feel a sense of accomplishment when I beat a game, but with this one that feeling was secondary to wanting more :D"
,Recommended,214770,8932728,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,塩鉱山,"Great Combat, Beautiful Art, Horrendous Stereotypes, and a good soundtrack to boot. It may say it recommends a controller, but I digress, I am having a lot of fun with this game."
76561198063097469,Recommended,214770,8933205,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Sir_Hufflebuns,so good and fun especialy for the price and it always seems to be on sale :3
76561198009067077,Recommended,214770,8725232,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Although slightly cheapened by all the memes, this game is pretty awesome, and furthers the legitimacy of the ""metroidvania"" genre."
,Recommended,214770,8801982,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Kus,"This platformer is one of the best indie games I played in 2013. Awesome graphics, the gameplay is smooth, and the storyline... well it's simple but the humour and dialogs will get you in there without a doubt. Cooperative mode is lots of fun, and the difficulty progression is well balanced.If you liked Mark of the Ninja, Shank, or if you like eating burritos while playing videogames, this one is for you!7/10"
,Recommended,214770,8802775,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,awhaleable,"PROTIP: If you're trying to do the mariachi band quest, you won't actually be able to complete it until you can break blue blocks.A beautiful and funny brawler platformer with metroidvania elements that adds a surprising amount of challenge.The game looks great. The artstyle is very clean and sharp which looks great on an HD tv. The colors are vibrant awesome to look at. Not to mention that every environment has a second variation that also looks cool.The gameplay is quite simple at first. You jump and you fight. It's a formula that's been done before, but this game still does it quite well and is really good at adding variation to gameplay as well as challenge. The platforming is pretty standard, but can become very creative once certain elements are introduced. Once you gain the ability to shift between two worlds, the puzzles start to get pretty interesting. What's more is that the world shifting becomes a part of the combat too. Certain enemies will only be able to be hit in certain worlds, which can really put you under some pressure. You also fight different kinds of enemies that need to be disarmed with a spefic attack before you can actually hurt them. There's a lot of good enemy variation. You're also given the ability to turn into a chicken which lets you explore and also lets you skip past some enemies if you don't feel like fighting every one.There are also sidequests and an area where you can do challenges that teach you combos. They also start off easy but quickly ramp up and can be difficult if you're unfamiliar with fighting games. But those parts are optional and just get you money.If there are any criticisms I have of this game, they have to do with co-op. Now don't get me wrong the local co-op in this game is quite fun! Beating up bad guys together is great. But a lot of the puzzle platforming becomes a bit problematic when you have two people. Specifically shifting between worlds. Both players can shift worlds freely, but some of the platforming will require you to have specific timing. This can really be a problem because, unless you and your partner are perfectly synced with your jumping timing, you'll most likely shift worlds at a bad time, causing one person to get caught in a wall, which will automatically force a shift back to the world you were in, and make you both mess up. Thankfully the game is forgiving and it has a work around for things like this. At any time, either player can become a bubble by pressing a button. This allows them to move freely about the screen, taking no damage and dealing none, until the other player punches the bubble and frees them. This mechanic is also used when one person dies in combat, they come back as a bubble. This definitely resolves a lot of issues with the platforming, but it kinda stinks when one of you has to stop playing so that you can both make progress. It shows that the game was designed with one player in mind. Again, this is only a minor complaint, playing co-op was still lots of fun.A great game, so glad it came to Steam."
,Recommended,214770,8806532,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Jenna,"This game is absolutely phenomenal.  It's a nice short metroidvania/beat 'em up, with a decent sense of humor, some fun skins available to download (nothing beats the sheer joy of beating up mariachi skeletons as Johnny Bravo,) fun combat, and rewardingly challenging platforming.  It's a short game, not overstaying its welcome and making sure that you have a good time all the way through.  It is definitely worth a purchase, and the beat 'em up elements make it a nice fresh take on the already underused Metroidvania genre."
,Recommended,214770,8986347,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Tom Clancy's Rainbow Dicks,As it says its very metroidvania- ish but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The combat is a bit more frenetic then SOTN and I'm thoroughly enjoying it.
,Recommended,214770,8988511,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hamelin,"Probably one of my favorite platformers I've ever played, it has a good mix of action and mindless fighting and actually having to think about what you're doing, I also like the Day of the Dead typed theme, you don't really see many Mexican styled games."
,Recommended,214770,8990474,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,RedVillian,"Fantastic humor, gameplay and story. A wonderful, unique co-op experience as well."
,Recommended,214770,9660634,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"A barrel of laughs and a well-pitched challenge, with ace music and some gripping platforming and boss fights. I approve. Wish it had been marginally longer. But a definite recommendation."
76561197968226917,Recommended,214770,9812781,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dinksters,"Just when I thought this game couldn't get any better, I was turned into a chicken and learned the derpderp...simply amazing"
,Recommended,214770,9538097,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,d o c o,"One of the best new platfromers I've played, PERIOD.Addictive gameplay with just the right amount of dificulty makes for an amazing play-through.Controller highly recommended (2 if you wanna do the awesome local co-op)"
76561198065198123,Recommended,214770,8671462,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mustard Pimp,"Awesome gameplay and puzzles, great combo system and lots of extra stuff and sidequestsThe only problem is that the game is too short :(9/10"
,Recommended,214770,8672700,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,ingamerebrith,"Guacamelee! is a mertroidvania style platforming game where you, a luchador, are tasked with defeating the evil Calaca and saving your kidnapped love (the presidents daughter). The game features some tough as nails platforming coupled with excellent combo driven combat. You will explore the wonderfully stylized world featuring some excellent Mexican inspired locales, and some hilarious video game references, and seek power ups to help you on your quest. The game is packed with laugh out loud humour, icing on the cake in my opinion. This game is great, and if you enjoy a good platformer, than this should be a game to consider."
,Recommended,214770,8678458,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,the chocolate secret,"This game pushes all the right buttons for a satisfying Metroidvania style brawling platformer experience that doesn't overstay it's welcome.  The combat is challenging and rewarding.  It develops over time as you gain more and more traversal options which lend themselves to increased combo options.If you pick this up, which I'd recommend most do so, I'd additionally suggest that you spend some time with the Combo Chicken to get a feel for what's possible with the combo system.  For most encounters you don't need to get too creative with your attacks aside from flair reasons, but late in the game there are a few fights that have the potential to be pretty rough unless you're pretty familiar with your attack options.  The game throws in additional movement and evasion requirements at you with the last two bosses of the game that demand that you're quick on your feet.If you're into games like Shadow Complex, Dust: An Elysium Tale, or similar games, Guacamelee is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,214770,8434444,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,megawalrus,"graphically pretty slick, great gameplay and generally good fun"
,Recommended,214770,8435444,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Salami Vice,"Hot damn, what is there to say about Guacamelee?Well, for starters, it's amazing to play and controls are faaaaaaaaaaaaaaantastic.With all the easter eggs and poking fun at classics games (and a few memes), it's a fun blast running around and suplexing the hell out of enemies.10/10, would buy again."
,Recommended,214770,8437186,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AthertonWing,I expected a mindless thrill ride of a game involving copious amounts of punches and macho luchador rediculousness. What I recieved was a surprisingly funny and pleasently paced game with a lovely soundtrack and some very challanging bonus levels. Very pleasently surprised with how much I enjoyed it!
,Recommended,214770,8437361,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aaron Cool Guy,"A really fun, creative and unique platformer. Very coloruful and funny. If you have a few extra bucks and are looking for somethign to play grab this."
,Recommended,214770,8439369,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dr. McBuff,"A must play if you're interested in a mishmash of super metroid and super smash bros!A very succesfull art style that makes for the best chickens you'll have ever seen, and the pacing of the game is just excellent, you always get to bite a bit more off, and everytime you think you've reached a limit.. you somehow manage to make it.The idea of using your combat skills during platforming is also very pleasing as your platforming will go smoother with the upgrades provided."
,Recommended,214770,8339289,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bulletter,"This game is fantastic. The art style is awesome, the hispanic/Mexican theme is refershing and the gameplay is punching, hard-hitting and challenging without being frustrating. It's an addictive lillte romp through the old save-the-princess trope. The music is awesome I wish I bought the soundtrack bundle but I'll buy it later separately.  I hate the term ""indie games"" but this is definitely a AAA indie game."
,Recommended,214770,8341451,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,sh4pes,"Mexican Metroid, or Shadow Complex. Absolutely brilliant."
,Recommended,214770,8342078,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mother,"Great game! I bought it during a flash sale for $3.75...totally worth it. It mixes gameplay from some of the best 2D platformers out there and even references them in game. It's one of those Metroidvania type games. You know...explore, come back when you have new powers to unlock new areas, explore some more. Boss battles were easy because you're forced to play normal difficulty before unlocking the hard difficulty (I hate when developers do this because I'm not one for replaying games). No replayabitilty because I already did everything in the first run, which took me about 6 or so hours to beat. Steam says 10 hours because I idled for a few hours."
76561198045834762,Recommended,214770,8346106,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,NikkiButt,"This is an absolute MUST HAVE for any Metroid/Castlevania fan, or action brawlers!  Even with Mouse/Kyboard the game is a flawless and seamless blend of action, comedy, folklore and just all around awesomsauce!  You'd be doing yourself a disservice not picking up and supporting this game.  I can't speak highly enough at how fun and inventive the combat is in here, after unlocking a couple of moves, you're able to mix n match abilities for some destructive fun that will def put a smile on your face!  The game is stunningly beautiful with a solid story, great use of folklore/myths as well as culture to create a imaginative world.  It also has perhaps the best soundtrack of this year!"
,Recommended,214770,8350042,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CooVee,Awesome art style and great gameplay.
,Recommended,214770,8350456,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Celpacius,Didn't think I'd have this much fun playing this game. It also has the best name ever. like... ever
,Recommended,214770,8351310,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sergio Alonso,Best Fighting game I ever player.
,Recommended,214770,8323562,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Avatar,"This is the closest thing to a true metroidvania game I've seen amidst a bunch of other games that claim to be classed in the genre. They are not, this one is. The game has a mexican superhero theme to it, and the graphic style is pretty cool. Nothing's too hard, and it's pretty forgiving when you die. That package means you'll be hooked for hours, though you might finish it sooner than you think. You'll still get plenty of hours of gameplay out of it, and you'll love it.There's a warning about epilepsy - I'm a mild epileptic myself and can play this fine. The screen flashes when you meet a boss or pick up a new power for a few seconds; it doesn't bother me at all unless I try and stare at it. That's how it is for me, though, it may be diffterent with you. It's strange that the game doesn't include an option to turn that flashing off completely, it's certainly not necessary."
,Recommended,214770,8583184,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,crawfish pie,really clever game and definitely nailed the mexican luchador culture -- I could play this all day
76561197970498139,Recommended,214770,8584377,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Liitj,"I bought this game during the Steam Holiday Sale 2013 and I have to say that it is pretty freaking awesome. I definitely is a play on Metroid. You learn new abilities from Metroid-looking alters that are hidden in secret areas. There are tons of hidden areas in the game only reachable with your newly learned abilities. There is a good learning curve too: when you progress through the game they add new layers of difficulty that make the game much more difficult. There are harder enemies, harder jumping mechanics (you jump a LOT in this game), and harder bosses to kill. This a 2D masterpiece too with its own personality. I highly suggest picking this up if you're a Metroid fan. DO IT."
76561198017648311,Recommended,214770,10552014,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,oneUNSEENHERO,beat up skeletons as a luchador then run off as a chicken 10/10
,Recommended,214770,5418872,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,defmacro,"This is a super fun game, fun characters, fun story, fun acts and fun♥♥♥♥♥♥..The combat is deep and the puzzle is fun with a good difficulty control超级有趣的游戏战斗爽快有深度，解密也很有意思，你会在某些关卡抓狂的，嘿嘿，不过过了之后很有成就感"
,Recommended,214770,8204849,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,blckspider08,I have beat this game and let me say BUY IT BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Guacamelee's gameplay has a combo system and is very much an metriodvania style game. Even after you beat it you still be ready to play more. If you're looking for a brawler to play with a friend this is it!
,Recommended,214770,8319069,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sepoohroth,"A side-scrolling, Metroid-like, beat-em-up, luchadore adventure? Is it awesome? Hell yes."
76561198005142188,Recommended,214770,8320863,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SP,"Surprisingly beautiful visuals and smooth controls. I thought the combat was going to be extremly simplistic and shallow, however despite its simplicity, it has depth and is very well-thought. Good sense of humour too. (Y)"
,Recommended,214770,8321942,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Arguing Muffin,"Really fun, colorful metroidvania game.  Tons of references to other classic games and the humor is top notch.  Combat is really fun and over the top and the platforming is challenging but not impossible.  I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for a game in this genre."
76561198055802084,Recommended,214770,8322608,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Vodkanaut,"Hilarious innuendo, fun gameplay, occasionally annoying parkour. Its an action-platformer with a kick of mexican."
,Recommended,214770,8330950,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,coelacyanth,"Interesting, visually delightful, this beat em up action platformer is a real gem.... can get real hard on some platforming levels. nice soundtrack as well..."
,Recommended,214770,8331494,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gia/Fin,Viva La Raza-Eddie Guerrero
,Recommended,214770,8332223,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SweetSushi,"Awesome game, love the style and the soundtracks! gets u in the real mood! and love the combo movements ^_^ to bad it can be kinda hard tough with the keyboard, controller would be best adviced!"
,Recommended,214770,8335665,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Bonaduce,bought it for the style but addicted because it's also fun to play. platformers usually don't hook me.
,Recommended,214770,8325294,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ECKS BACKS WAN,"Really fun and really hard. I would recommend if you're a fan of Metroidvania style platformers, for this is one through and through; however, like Metroid and Castlevania, if you intend to collect every last piece, you will soon find the game turning antagonistic. Also has the kind of platforming that brings Super Meat Boy to mind. There's a sharp difficulty curve, but it's well designed most of the way. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,214770,967789,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,rayescapes,"""rayescapes assured"" Stamp of Approval."
76561198003698305,Recommended,214770,8110681,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Mistah Joestar,SO GOOD
,Recommended,214770,4305393,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Ragnus Lif,"Excelent game, like metroidvania but with great humor, old gamers will see tons of easter eggs from other games"
,Recommended,214770,8227379,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gardarn,DASHING DERP DERP
,Recommended,214770,431759,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,son_of_dracula,"This is my 2013 game of the year it's an epic game, filled with challenge, exploration and silly antics. Perfection."
,Recommended,214770,1016720,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Megil Ithil,Phenomenal. Highest recommendations.
76561197985426138,Recommended,214770,9235219,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,jawnkruk,Excellent metroidvania style platforming game. Entertaining music and setting.Combat is not very difficult but provides some challenging battles. Exploration leads to extra power-ups.Definitely need a controller.
,Recommended,214770,9249287,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Techno,"Awesome little platformer with a unique art style that is difficult enough to keep you coming back for more, but not impossible. It gets progressivly more satisfying to play with the use of unlockable moves and hard challenges you won't believe are actually possible. Controls are smooth as silk and there are even a few nods to other popular indie games throughout its comedy. I would recommend this to someone who loves old school platform games that would like a bit of a challenge."
,Recommended,214770,9251530,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Kelgis,"If Metroid took place in Mexico.Past the overuse of memes and references, it's a solid platformer. Controls very well and offers a wide variety of abilities to be used both for platforming and combat, making both fairly dynamic and challenging. Some sections, like El Infierno's challenges or Tule Tree can be fairly frustrating, but can very well be mastered. Looking past the references, the game itself has a lot of charm and humor, and and it all comes together for a pretty fun metroidvania with a lot of optional areas and items, although it is fairly short in its entirety."
76561198019215258,Recommended,214770,9388207,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,hatamoto_mizu,Great beat'em up! Fun game-play and puzzles. And if you grew up in Mexico like me the references to Mexican culture are a pretty cool plus.
,Recommended,214770,8691371,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ninjapus,"This is my first review and was made purely to help me get used to writing more, please don't judge it too harshlyI didn’t think much of Guacamelee before I played it, but the roughly 5 hour experience was very satisfying. It begins like any typical videogame hero story, a weak hero goes about his day doing menial tasks that conveniently teach the player how to interact with the world when suddenly, the villain appears taking the love interest with him. While very cliche, it is still done well and throws in fairly interesting characters and amusing twists to fit the theme.The traditional Mexican art style is an interesting new take that helps articulate the theme of the world, which is paired with a very catchy mix of Mexican instruments and techno. My only real complaint lies in the default female luchador design, whose extremely large chest is barely covered by a long white cloth wrapped around her chest. Then from her waist comes a long transparent skirt that might as well not be there. However there is an alternate costume that features her in more reasonable dress, though it must be bought ingame. There is also a reasonably large skin modding community for the pc.At first glance, Guacamelee’s combat may seem button mashy, but that tactic will only get you past the first quarter of the game before It is harshly punished. Most enemies either actively dodge about, dig into the ground to avoid harm, or show no reaction to blows at all until death. The only way to reliably produce a combo with these enemy types is to keep them airborne for as long as possible which requires very careful timing. This is where most of the game’s challenge comes from as the puzzles are usually relatively simple and mostly only require figuring out with what timing to use which ability. The boss fights are much like these puzzle areas, usually actively punishing use of the same tactics that would be used on enemy groups. There are also plenty of powerups to find and purchase consisting of power grapples, health and stamina upgrades, and costumes. The power grapples are basically variants of the throws that either do focus damage, do damage around you, or simply do more damage to the enemies that are hit.Guacamelee is a solid Metroid-vania with wonderful art and music that very much deserves your attention."
,Recommended,214770,8694087,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Sean McGeezer,"I'm surprised this game isn't more popular.  Or maybe it's just my Metroidvania obssession that is telling me it should be more popular.This game isn't really anything too different.  It's your standard Metroidvania game with similar obstacles, powerups, and layout, only everything is a joke.  Goat Jump?  Goat Run?  Goat Fly?  These are your powerups, which you get from a goat, obviously.What really stands this game out from the rest is it's art style, music, and sense of humor.  The combat system is fun once you get the repetitive nature of keeping your combo up and learn all of the special moves and grapples.There's also a ton of hidden things to find (including a handful of references to other games/movies) and a few challenge areas, just to take that silly edge off and remind you this game can be challenging.All in all, a short fun little game that you will highly enjoy over a weekend."
,Recommended,214770,8694821,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Haigotron,"Liked: The fighting is fast-paced, lots of opportunities to pull of combos. The setting is unique, colorful and funny.Disliked: The platforming WILL become tedious... BEWARE! Sometimes too many things are happening on screen during a fight that your best course of action will be to buttom mash. SPOLIER: The transitioning between worlds ability is annoying.Overall a good game :)"
,Recommended,214770,8686608,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,jabhwakins,
,Recommended,214770,8846379,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Squeezy McGrundle,"Metroid with Luchadors. Just let that sink in for a moment. Shall I repeat it? Me-troid with Lu-Cha-Dor-- That is the best idea for anything ever, apart from a horror game about a genetically engineered Luchador who goes insane and gorily piledrives people."
,Recommended,214770,8834373,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Snatch Adams,"Metroidvania gold. Great sense of humor, TONS of retro references, and super fun gameplay. And a phenomenal art style to boot."
76561198043356212,Recommended,214770,8839992,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Dux,"This game is as amazing as it is evil. It starts off playing like a Metroidvania-platformer with beat-em up style fighting. After you unlock a few fighting moves which work like keys in this game; everything changes. Not only does the fighting get more complicated with having to destroy enemy shields with certain moves you also have to use those fighting moves for platforming. When you add all those moves and the ability to shift dimensions you end up with some seriously controller smashing puzzles. Thankfully, its very rewarding to get through the platforming puzzles and the rest of the game is very fair. If you miss a jump you instantly go back to where you were standing last without losing health. Most of the boss fights have check points to be able to start over at. All and all this is a very well crafted game. Just be ready to have your hand and eye coordination tested."
76561198113035300,Recommended,214770,8831405,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,noblechatmeleon,"Tru 1337 gaem. I liek s7uff metroid 'n castelvania th3m3d.Pinnacle (l3arn3d tis word 2day) of dynamic battle. Combos betteh than those of KFC.U can linq skillz 'n attak in the R. maps are hugggge 4 dungeons.Expensive gaems of market hav tiny mazes. Not tihs 1.When I show3d tis gaem to my m8 he took c0ntr0ll3r & was euphoricMexican art of the gaem is made by engineers of design bec0z there are skeletons,gatos y musica como en la realidad. parents were ""nice detailz such reality"". I show3d th3m allGoooood balance btw exploration and battle.Sometimes enygmas 'r in the gaem. My cousin Toni helps me. He halps me a lot"
,Recommended,214770,9156974,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,2fron,"Great game, something i still need to beat. Great music. Excellent platforming mechanics."
,Recommended,214770,9158872,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,AfriCarl,"If you love Metroid or other 2D platformers with exploration, definately pick this up. It's pretty short, but a whole lot of fun. Filled with humor and beautiful imagery, this was my favorite game of 2013."
,Recommended,214770,8704323,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,P1nkie_P13,"Cuacamelee is a visually stunning celshaded platformer.Its moves and skills that are easy to learn but difficult to master, its all about timing... something I never quite got right.The storyline is basic but it diesn't need anything to complex, the girl you love is captured you st save her. Thats pretty much it in a nutshell. That being said the game has lots of humour and even makes use of several internet memes (you see them plastered on billboards in the background) the likes of 'Me Gusta' face.For those of you who are completionists, you'll be happy to discover there are lots of hidden powerups to find, secret caves to discover and two endings, one of which you can only get if you collect all of the mask pieces that are hidden around the world.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who feels like playing something that isn't too taxing on the brain (unless your going after those mask pieces)and has great combat skills."
76561198079289002,Recommended,214770,8708281,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,TeachMeMontblanc,"Occasionally frustrating but always a blast. There is a LOT going on between the combat system, the platforming, and (Dios mio) the instant world-swapping mechanic. It's fun on its own, but it's meant to be played with a buddy (and is rife with opportunities to completely screw each other over until you're laughing and punching each other). And you WILL want someone on hand to help you solve some particularly diabolic jumps; thankfully there are unlimited continues and you'll generally respawn on the last platform you were standing on, or at least the entrance to the room. Give this game a chance even if you aren't fond of platformers, and you may just find a new favorite co-op game."
,Recommended,214770,8713919,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,1objection,"Guacamelee! Is an intense platformer where you must fight to save your girlfriend who has been kidnapped, and although the story is bland, the platforming is anything but! With tons of crazy moves like the ""goat jump"", the ""rooster uppercut"", and the ""Dash DerpDerp"", you can be sure that combat will always be interesting, and platforming will be fun. The levels are well designed and the powers you get along the way help you to progress. However, one of my favorite things about this game was the seemingly infinite amount of references. They referenced everything from the Legend of Zelda to terrible internet memes, and everywhere I went I saw even more references that I hadn't seen before! Also, later in the game, you gain a power that allows you to move between the realm of the living and the realm of the dead, when you make this shift, you will see all of the references change to something fitting with the current realm you are in. Some of the references change COMPLETELY! This game was definitely worth a buy. The only bad thing I can think to say about this is that there is no online co-op."
,Recommended,214770,8714632,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Cerique,"Such a huge amount of fun. One of the best platformer/brawler games I've had the pleasure of playing, with brilliant attention to detail. Whilst it can be frustratingly hard at points, these are few, and ultimately it's a highly rewarding game."
,Recommended,214770,2298429,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Ess,Most fun platformer EVER!! It's an open world plaformer with the best graphical style ever and lot's and lot's of references and memes. BUY IT NOW!! :D
,Recommended,214770,8770794,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,essen,Caramba!
76561198059357617,Recommended,214770,8777239,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Rapidraccoon808,"I love the story and the graphics that go with the game on top of the well made platforming that is very familiar with anyone thats a fan of the metroid games (who will love this for the metroid refrences among other easter eggs). So I would recommend this game with one catch. If you do decide to buy this game buy it if you have a controller, if you don't then I advise you wait. THe reason I state this is because the game can be impossibly hard at times when your trying to play on a keyboard because you will end up in situations where you must react quickly. The simple difference can make the games difficulty go from that of a normal platformer to that of the dark souls franchise where your smashing your keyboard in frustration. Overall the game was fun with nice puzzles, neat powerups, and fantastic bosses. I highly recommend it and give it a 6 out of a 10 point scoring system."
,Recommended,214770,418282,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,DIT,One of the best games I've played in a while.
,Recommended,214770,8499129,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Geoffrey,"It's one of the more original side scroller platforms that I've played in a long time. It has great art , music , humor , gameplay , and challenge. I had a blast."
,Recommended,214770,8800586,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Raven13taz,"Do you love Lucahdors ? Do you love CastleVania ? Do you Love Tacos ? This is the Game for you Fight the forces of Evil with Masked Fighting styles with a coop partner as well in this all out Brawl Between Good and the Whimpy Evil Join me in our chant1,2,3 LUCHA"
76561198013024099,Recommended,214770,8951623,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,killsm00th,"This is a nicely executed metroid-vania type game with a Mexican flavor. It has a very unique art style, fluid animations, and good level design. The battle system combines Luchador strikes and grabs/throws in an effective, refreshing way, and the story is well-written--littered with in-jokes and gaming references. It clocks it at around 4 hours or so, depending on how much side stuff you want to do, which felt like the perfect length. Pick it up when it is on sale or in the next Humble Bundle. Highly recommended!"
76561198036229326,Recommended,214770,8951556,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,XtalFlim,"This is a great game. Everything from the platforming, combat,and art style to the unique, Mariachi influenced music will captivate you. While it is a small touch, I enjoy discovered the classic game references throughout each level. Trust me, they are plentiful. Just be sure to have a solid PC gamepad before you get it though. It is nearly impossible to play meaningfully on a keyboard. Take my word for it."
,Recommended,214770,8953500,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Peacku,"Cool story, cool music, nice gameplay.Controller mandatory.Main storyline is easy for beginners and completing the game at 100% requires pixel perfect moves, Super Meat Boy-style."
,Recommended,214770,8953848,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,dan.fairs,For someone who's not really into platformers - great fun! (Cool soundtrack too...)
76561198039360245,Recommended,214770,8954463,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Washimus,"Such a fun game! Combines old school with new age gameplay. Very metroid esc in that you must unlock new abilities to venture to new areas of the map. The difference is the sweet combat, its melee beat-em up style were you rack up combos and fight bosses. Oh and plenty of hidden stuff to find! Its a blast and i most definitley recomend this game!"
,Recommended,214770,8954529,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Funkymugshot,fun to play and love the art style keybord controls lak but easy to look past the fun gameplay
76561198113380906,Recommended,214770,8957899,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Outlaw_023,Encouraged me to relearn Spanish.Score: Cien Puntos
,Recommended,214770,9069639,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,GONJAGOON,Fun platforming brawler with bright visuals and plenty of charm. The game is superb at balancing fun with challenge and is even more so with another player. I strongly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good ol' fun time. Controller and Co Op is recommended.
,Recommended,214770,9071084,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Barkode,Made me laugh so hard I fell of my chair. Throw money at this!!!
76561198043902881,Recommended,214770,9126717,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Shadow Knight,"Metroidvania style game, nice art work, catchy music, great game."
,Recommended,214770,9115606,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,CalSeeYum,What's better than being a chicken egg?Being a chicken egg that can fly forever.Get this game. You'll love it.
,Recommended,214770,9120211,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Uncle Reavus,"So far so good.  It's a Metroidvania-style beat-em-up.  Great art style, and sense of humour.  Tough, but fun."
,Recommended,214770,9121915,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,nao921,"a very great game. strong combo mechanics, great puzzles, platformer!"
,Recommended,214770,9100108,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Doubtingthomas396 [GWJ],"The first thing you need to know about this game is that you should, under no circumstances, attempt to play it without a controller.Oh, you'll manage for a while and it will still be fun.  But once the jumping puzzles require timing jumps between moving platforms while figuring out how to shift the environment to put the platform you want to jump onto in front of you, you'll rue the day you started playing without a controller.With a controller, though, this game is loads of fun.  When playing with a controller I felt challenged, but I never once felt that my failures belonged to anyone but me, and not the game.The boss fights are a little repetitive, but learning how to maximize your combos is fun enough that I didn't notice until I looked back over them and realized there wasn't that much variation between them."
,Recommended,214770,9101573,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kageetai,Wonderful indie platformer which perfectly captures the essence of old and new platformers with many references to other classic and indie games.The action is fast and the jumps hard as hell. Very challenging but also rewarding.
,Recommended,214770,8894820,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Guacamelee is a game with fantastic style, great music, funny humor, meme & pop culture references aplenty, and some solid gameplay.There are various powers and abilities are are drip-fed to the player in true Metroid-Vania fashion. The world increasingly expands as you learn new powers and explore further.There are some really clever moments and puzzles that involve spinning all you've learned together to finish a section.The game prepares you pretty well for what is coming, though the Mask Levels are absurdly difficult. The Infierno levels are also similarly overly hard. And the final form of Calaca is also a far cry from what you've experienced up until that point.In summary, a great game marred by some stupid artificial difficulty in some parts in order to increase its LOLDIFFICULT status and distinguish itself from ""gaems 4 casuls"". However, that does not excuse poor design decisions such as in these parts."
,Recommended,214770,8853519,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Aria Spaceguns,"Great platformer/beat em up.Challenging but not to the point of being insulting challenging and making you want to throw the controller. Even when doing the challenges.If you like platformers that aren't painfully frustraiting, beat em ups that are a bit forgiving, and/or luchadors I highyl recommend this game."
,Recommended,214770,8792088,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,McGibbslap,"It took maybe fifteen mnutes for this to reach my Favorite Indie Games list.  The art is amazng, the music spectacular, the gameplay feels straght out of the Metroid series (in a very good way) and the dialogue and background references had me in stitches.  Only thing is, now I can't play it for awhile ... I'm going to play a few other games first, and save the best for later :D"
76561198043800143,Recommended,214770,8870032,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Sucks At Gaming,"If you're looking for a fun platformer with a great art style, soundtrack and a ton of videogame referential humour, this game is highly recommended. Some light fighting game mechanics and combo system have been implemented into the combat of the game, which makes it more than just a ""platformer"". Some of these ""attacks"" are even necessary to traverse through the platforming parts and the fighting mechanics and the platforming aspects of the game intertwine really well.8.8/10"
,Recommended,214770,8917289,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Rudemancer,BECOME THE KING OF MEXICO AND SUPLEX THE HELL OUT OF EVERYONE
,Recommended,214770,8918401,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,jarofjuice,"The game's short, but one of the best and most entertaining metroidvania games in recent memory."
,Recommended,214770,8921792,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,RegularWill,"If you like mexican food, this game will make you pretty hungry I guess. Also game is very good"
76561198116299414,Recommended,214770,8923521,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,nikolasp1988,Awesome game. Especially with the Johhny Bravo skin is even more amazing
,Recommended,214770,8923933,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,eXceLon,Fantastic platformer.
76561197961576401,Recommended,214770,8923967,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,whatever,"great game. the only think you could critisize, is the short playtime"
76561198014429410,Recommended,214770,8924128,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Sepgreti,"Guacamelee! is a fun, colorful game that combines brawling and platforming in a wonderful setting.The gameplay is incredibly solid and always feels challenging without feeling unfair showing a great deal of thought by the developers. Combat moves have a place outside battle, not just for opening up barriers like in 'Metroid', but also for the platforming sections, leading to some very creative ways of using certain moves to manuver through levels. Speaking of special moves, the game is very smart about the way it teaches you, areas after getting a new ability will require that you use said ability in several different ways to progress teaching you all facets of each technique without spitting it out in a text box.The story is admittedly a bit simplistic but it is populated by characters that are as colorful as the game itself which makes for a fun experience. Again, the world is incredibly vibrant and showcases cultures that so rarely get representation in games. Aside from the main story, there are plenty of sidequests and places to explore. You can help reassemble a Mariachi Band, reunite a girl with her missing doll stranded across worlds, and you can even go to Hell!Hell is actually were the challenge rooms of this game are. The challenge rooms are, as the name would suggest, pretty challenging. Have fun with that!Guacamelee! quickly became a favorite of my and earned a special place on my games list. I'd definitely say that you should get it. The soundtrack is also worth your money if you're thinking about that as well.GO FORTH LUCHADORES"
,Recommended,214770,8924480,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Rarewolf,"Must have game!  if you like games with good gameplay, a good fun storry. and very little cinematics and more gaming. this is it.its a must add to the collection.A MUST TO PLAY GAME:Controllers.and if your planning on the co-op you can use  x360ce to map the controllers of non-xbox controllers.and it helps you remap the buttons."
,Recommended,214770,9566138,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,◈SILVΞRDΛRK◈,"This game is awesome if you are looking for a tricky but fun platformer. In addition, the combat is awesome!!! The ability to use platforming skills combined with your combo attacks allows for creative ways to beat up your enemies. However, if you don't have a Xbox controller, it might be a little tricky getting used to the controls."
,Recommended,214770,9966472,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,BoXMaN-RipPeR,"A platformer which aims high, switching between two worlds certainly adds to the gameplay & the visuals. Few in the genre have felt as smooth to interact with considering the amount you can do. This is a fun title and for a modern day platformer it is hard...but once you learn the attack patterns & master the controls it is a rewarding experience. The world has a great colour tone & an entertaining set of characters...If you miss those old school titles which really pushed you...consider this 100%."
,Recommended,214770,9969460,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,get_FLOwned,"Oh my god, this game is amazing. I cannot count the bazillion references the devs managed to smuggle into the game. But that's just one of many things that makes clear how much effort and love has been put into the game.The game features a unique story plus awesome artwork. Soundtrack is a bit repetitive but high-quality - it's just that you have be open for the hardcore-mexican audio experience.Difficulty is above-average but way below Super Meat Boy - it's always fair and will never cost you too much nerves.And the general game style is Castlevania/Super Metroid, i.e. 2D RPG jump'n'run action sidescroller, without too much RPG.It's been on humble bundle the third time as of writing for a reason."
,Recommended,214770,9664982,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Alexx,"""Very nice action/adventure. Super Metroid meets beat 'em up""So, this was the first impression. :)Now, having completed the main part of the game, I am feeling there is a lot more to it.The game has atmosphere, it has a soundtrack, and it's a very fitting one,The main story is that of a holiday fairy-tale, it is about a holiday and so everything about it feels likewise :) It sometimes even seems like a theatrical play on that holiday, and you're waiting for all actors to take off their masks and bow to the venerable public :)It is perfectly replayable if you feel like grabbing all the secrets and visiting areas previously unaccessible.Some parts with precision jumping and boss killing were somewhat frustrating but then again I'm not well into that. :)I'd put it a 4,5/5."
,Recommended,214770,13169126,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,funfox1[FR],"Very fun, with a good learning curve (easy at first, REALLY hard if you try to get everything)"
,Recommended,214770,13094020,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,I Have Diabetes (Insulini Pump),Get this game. A lot of fun
,Recommended,214770,13742245,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Coaltrain2371,"I love this game. Everything from the art style & soundtrack to the controls and humor are right up my alley. While this game won't revolutionize platformers, it will scrtach the itch for those of us that grew up thinking that platforming epitimized gaming.It's one of my favorite games of all time and it's a game that I will replay  at least one or two more times (that may just be me though, as I really do love the world that it lives in. I can see how the average gamer would not want to play more than once).I haven't given the Co-op much time, but I can only imagine it adds to the fun. I would like there to be multiple save slots though. So I can have my single player game and then my wife and my's co-op game can exists similtaniously."
76561198067074653,Recommended,214770,6473287,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,darkmalope,is good mexican game.
,Recommended,214770,13767640,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Sedonna,"Holy mother of god, this game was sweeeeeeeeeeeet! I bought this game solely because I adore Mexican culture and because it was on sale. The artwork and animation is out of this world. It's cream-your-pants amazing! So beautiful. The music was fabulous too. There was also this cute Mario Bros. reference in there, which I found myself kinda giggling at. Anways, the game itself plays like a beat-em-up, which I haven't played in eons, so this was very refreshing for me. It sent me back to the good old days when I used to play on my PS2. Sweet nostalgia. So, I recommend this game from the heart. If it's on sale, give it a chance. I got it really cheap and kinda felt bad for not paying more, considering how much I got out of it."
76561198132244318,Recommended,214770,13683029,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Elfabetical,"Awesome platformer that makes me reminisce about the days I used to play every other platformer. The Easter eggs are beyond being just awesome, every time I notice one I can’t help but crack a grin. However I’m extremely disappointed that the Update/DLC is the same price as this game yet it has all the same bells and whistles this version has and more... will not buy the DLC until the price is discounted for those who have purchased this version."
,Recommended,214770,3641986,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Dyce,Excellent game. If you like metroidvania style games then you should get this. Combat is also quite entertaining along with the exploration in the game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,214770,13732692,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ephesossh,"Awesome. Button-mashing, finger-cramping, skeleton-slamming, goat-jumping awesome.A fantastic brawler with a sense of humor and gorgeous art style. Nothing else to say."
76561198024998930,Recommended,214770,13706262,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,whyttigr,"A decent game in the metroidvania vein, but one that ended up being a little too punishing for me, personally."
,Recommended,214770,14509046,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,flamingos,Best metroidvania ever made and also featuring a crazy environment and cool art style. 10/10
76561198064371268,Recommended,214770,14631167,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,lorb1400,وصلت الى مرحلة رفعت ضغطي وحذفة اللعبة
,Recommended,214770,13872168,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,NIИ,"Awesome soundtrack and atmosphere. The mexican feel is done just right. Real world references are good as well, along with the storyline of the game.8/10"
,Recommended,214770,550428,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Nope,"Its melee Metroid, its Mexican, its $15, and its also very very pretty."
,Recommended,214770,14397298,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ChloroformNapkin,What are you? Crazy!? Go buy it already!
,Recommended,214770,16166080,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Search,This a stellar game. The visuals and the music alone would earn a recommendation but the combat and the exploration is so bloody brillant. It is a game that you can rush and just button bash your way to victory but that is no fun and the game really rewards you trying to be improve and be extra stylish
,Recommended,214770,8958905,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Sgt Acid,I love it! It's like metroid meets melee meets mexico! Great laughs and action!
,Recommended,214770,8959019,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,EUGENE V. DABS,"Metroidvanias are a dime a dozen. Metroidvanias with this kind of charm, attention to detail, and intricate fighting system are decidedly NOT a dime a dozen. This is a short review: Get it. You won't regret it."
76561198041168807,Recommended,214770,8959738,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,jason78ka,"Oh my hot damn! I bought this game a couple days back and it has been one of the most perfect fitting game experiences for me. I'm a fairly casual gamer, and this is the perfect ""hard, but not impossible"" sort of game.If I had any complaint, it would be a lack of scripting for the female character. :("
76561198049478981,Recommended,214770,8961459,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Lstbgnfrejon,great game relly fun its abit short but still good
,Recommended,214770,8962288,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,swatreddot,Awesome to play with friends
,Recommended,214770,8778991,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,addMoreCoffee,I'm surpised on how amazing this game is. Went in with little expectations and came out really satisfied.
,Recommended,214770,8780060,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,CycloKyle,The title of this game is a pun.
,Recommended,214770,8696226,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Car_Tag,"Great game! So many inside jokes, memes, and references to the genre. A Metroidvania title that doesn't take anything too seriously."
,Recommended,214770,8696753,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,^;..;^ | ViralOmega,"Very good melee platformer in a clean and crisp Mexican art style centered around a hero who finally becomes a Luchador. The controls are tight, enemies are varied, and platforming is fun(especially once you start getting more powers and abilities). ive never really cared for Mexican/hispanic/w.e music, but this music is good and compliments the game perfectly. Recommended for any lover of platformers"
76561198025025197,Recommended,214770,8701450,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Razumikhin,"If you watched the video, read the store description, and thought, ""That sounds like fun,"" you should just buy the game now.The controls are responsive, the flavor is engaging, and the story is predictable but well executed. While the main storyline on normal mode isn't particularly difficult, but some of the side areas (for life/energy boosts, new costumes ... and more ...) involve fiendish platforming and/or cleverly combining the various special abilities. The combat is easy to get into but offers a lot of opportunity for skill, as you'll learn under the tutelage of the Combo Chicken.They're not kidding about the chickens, by the way. Lots and lots of chickens. When Link has nightmares, he dreams about Guacamelee.(I haven't had a chance to try the co-op yet, so I can't comment on it.)"
,Recommended,214770,8761763,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,cosmic cosplayer,"As a mexican, I enjoy this game alot. You don't see games in this style too often. You must buy it."
,Recommended,214770,8764028,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,GOD-KING SKOVALD,"One of the finest non-linear platformers out there. With a difficulty above most modern titles and a twisted sense of humour, fans of the genre will love this game."
,Recommended,214770,8764474,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Godphilla,So many pretty colors.10/10; would play again.
76561198007558293,Recommended,214770,8766633,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mazille,"Tight controls, challenging gameplay, pretty artwork. Plus, you can turn into a chicken. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,214770,8859682,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,THRILLHOUSE,Metroid isn't dead it just moved to Mexico.
,Recommended,214770,8862174,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lotuseater24,"This game is everything you could hope for from a metroidvania game, it comes packed with homages to old NES-SNES games and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet memes too, and good tongue in cheek humor. The game paces itself very well, soundtrack is a bit short, but for the most part I would call this game a great package for the price. Doesn't try to be too artsy like other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ indie titles."
76561198050616539,Recommended,214770,10557823,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dyspeptic,"Played: Feb 2014Pros:+ Very comfortable controls that allow you to move intuitively (with controller)+ Interesting visual styleCons:- Feels very short- Some enemies get very stale by the end- Story starts promising and ends nonsensicalThis game bills itself as a “metroidvania” type platformer, and let’s face it: it pretty much is. Some areas are inaccessible until the correct special movement is unlocked, but ultimately there aren’t that many special moves, so many areas are open to you right from the start. You play as a luchador, so there won’t be any weapons to find, either; the few additional moves you can get in the game are all grapples (a move you can complete when smallish enemies have taken enough damage). The low number of moves contributes to the short feel of the game (probably about 8 hours for the first play-though), but man are they satisfying! Throwing a damaged enemy through a whole crowd of others and sending them flying like bowling pins should bring a grin to anybody who picks up this game.On the other hand, there are only a few enemy types, and late-game difficulty increase consists largely of forcing you to take on more of them and introducing some unblockable types (read: fire-based attacks). As you get good, you’ll find that you can destroy many enemie types in 1-2 seconds, which is good, because otherwise you’d get really bored fighting the same 8-10 monsters.The story starts out feeling epic, but pretty quickly you find you’re actually just rescuing Princess Peach from Bowser again. The boss minions of the main enemy have very crudely sketched reasons for working with him, nor is it ever clear just why your girlfriend was abducted in the first place. Furthermore, the devil is introduced as a character, then plays essentially zero role. Why introduce a pointless character you might ask? Maybe because the developers just wanted to… in any case this is not a game you should play because it “features elements of hispanic culture”-you won’t pick up any traditional lore at all.Overall, the game is pretty darn good, and very memorable in some parts. You may find that you’ll get replay out of it if you go in for additional modes unlocked at the end of a run, but I’d try to get it for less than $10 if possible."
,Recommended,214770,10585828,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zenra,"Vivid and explosive art direction, fun dialogue, chock full of references, and fun, challenging gameplay. A little frustrating without a controller, but still definitely possible. Would buy again."
76561198037855005,Recommended,214770,9063996,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,antevo,"A fun light hearted game. Although it is a 2d side scroller, it has some open world elements. The coloured blocks restrict you from entering certain areas until you're recieved the attack that allows you to break them, this makes creates a form of replayability and treasure seeking.I found it difficult to play with my keyboard so i highly suggest using a controller"
76561198044365625,Recommended,214770,8941003,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Bitchableiter,"Fantastic game, I played it immediately after finishing Dust and it's almost the same feeling - though it can be really frustrating here and there due its difficulty. But maybe I am just bad."
,Recommended,214770,8944345,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Kromblite,"Too many memes. However, it's got responsive combat, meatboy-quality platforming, beautiful and interesting level design, a metroidvania-esque world and interesting characters and story, so I think that makes up for it."
,Recommended,214770,11505920,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Boomerang,"This game is amazing. It's a Metroidvania type game, but instead of things like space monsters to kill or vampires to purge, you're fighting undead sumbrero and poncho-wearing skeletons in a pseudo-Mexico style world with beautiful visuals and an amazing mariachi/techno soundtrack. I've beaten this game four times in the last few weeks and it hasn't gotten old. Definitely a must-buy, both on PC and on console for the upgraded Super Turbo Championship Edition!"
76561198111864473,Recommended,214770,11625122,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TorchlightJunkie,"This may be my favourite game. I love the music, the storyline, the graphics, the way in which the game forces you to practise combos so you don't forget all the finicky little things you learn....It was the right level of challenging and was just a pleasure to play all round. I haven't had as much fun with any other game I don't think, so I highly recommend it!"
76561198067305463,Recommended,214770,11978451,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Meera,"Brawl your way through the realm of the living and the dead to try and save the love of your life or is that afterlife!A wonderful brawler with interesting special attacks, great costumes and skills to buy as well as beautiful artwork. The story line allows you to visit new areas while at the same time helping you to unlock skills, find side quests and see the world in two different ways as you build up to the day of the dead.Even as an unexperienced player to these games i found it fun and possible to play even if a little more challenging. It also has challenges for the more serious player with the different levels and puzzle rooms that you need to lucho through.A beautifully made game that is well worth a play! :D"
,Recommended,214770,11980797,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"Guacamelee is a solid metroidvania style game and well worth the time put in it.  Combat is fun and has a great feel to it.  Best of all, you can turn into a chicken!Playtime: ~ 12h (100% collected, gold on challenges)9/10"
,Recommended,214770,11984413,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Nandomo,"Awesome platformer that plays like Super Metroid. Funny references to other games. Easy to play with a controller. Grab this game on a sale, and you will actually play it =P"
,Recommended,214770,11813623,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Sambone,"Lucha Libre, Dias De Los Muertos, in a Metriodvania type of world.Why haven't you gotten this yet?"
76561198060622168,Not Recommended,214770,11795473,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Platinummatthew,"Buy The Super Turbo Championship Edition, This Version Is Irrevelant"
76561198008819501,Recommended,214770,11842704,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,{TDC} Super Kami Guru,This game is a super fun action adventure game with a twist. The music is epic and the game content is hillarious
,Recommended,214770,10603334,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,manullo,Serving every Mexican stereotype possible. Awesome Game. Now I want Tacos
,Recommended,214770,11831935,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,RedDawg,Grteat action adventure game with lots of style and excellent controls
,Recommended,214770,12195035,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,nerddorkgeek,"I laughed, I cried, I bellyflopped onto a jaguar-headed man. We need more games as vibrant and satifsying as Guacamelee!"
,Recommended,214770,12132025,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,darkesc4,"Metroid Vania style with a mexican wrestler and homage to older games you grew up.  If you have not played this game, I am not sure why not.If your on the fence, check out the gameplay and watlkthrough below!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI2sWDljwPM&list=UUXKgcO_NETTNjKA4xU2F8aQ"
,Recommended,214770,12114608,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Great game.Fun to play, fun dialogues.Cool pop references (games and memes).Nice game art.Nice SFX.Excellent gameplay.Buy it without fear, you'll love it."
,Recommended,214770,12028013,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,BeeAre,"A- Metroidvania game.  Great art style and fun combat (you will have to use all the moves you unlock).  Only negative is the world is a little small, I wish there was a bit more to explore."
76561198102304910,Recommended,214770,12031635,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Nervous_Dude,"I can't get enough of this game. The aesthetics are fantastic, and the quirky theme is really consistent. Perhaps my favorite aspect though is that the game mixes difficulty with user friendliness. By that, I mean that there are some sections that are quite difficult, but the respawn points are close by and, despite sometimes dying, you don't have to repeat the same sections all that often."
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,214770,12105915,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Hyperlynx,"I really like this game. I like the presentation, I like the combat, I like the character and life the game has.But I hate, HATE the platforming puzzles. They bring the game to a screeching halt, a total roadblock, while you attempt the same difficult, complex jumping combination over and over until you get it right.It's a damn shame because I otherwise really like this game, but I no longer have the patience to get through the latest jumping puzzle I'm stuck on so I can get to the good bits.So... if you like abusively difficult platforming, I guess this is the game for you (although if you're not into the combat in between, maybe not)."
76561198046857943,Recommended,214770,12014212,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Misguided Penis,"Hours of fun to be had with this game. Controls are chunky yet so smooth, even with keyboard. The storyline is impressive, but could be vastly improved. Don't expect an amazing ending. The game itself though is great, with great combat and fighting mechanics and button mashing fun."
,Recommended,214770,6306136,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,hovamoon,개 추천 하는 액션 플래포머 게임!!!꼭 하세요. 두번 하세요. 아니 세번
76561198085725714,Not Recommended,214770,11290215,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Jung Eun-bi (정은 비),"Its not that fun of a game, and the story is not good at all3/10Would not buy"
76561198097680058,Recommended,214770,11449315,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,cowboyhaGVN,"When I saw this game, I thought this game is fun. I wasn't disappointed.This game has all I need for a good platform game: colored and comical graphic, nice music, funny yet simple storyline and crazy platforming. Really, I have good time with this game.Recommend it if you like Platform game and haven't tried this game yet."
,Recommended,214770,11452427,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Showy_Con_Corn,"Great game.  Really fun story and wrestling references.  Beautiful art.  Definitely worth a playthrough, especially if you are a wrestling fan or a ""Metroid-vania"" fan."
76561198095488464,Recommended,214770,11011864,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Robodude,"A very funny game indeed and if you just happen to love luchadores you will find it even more fun. Battleing enemies feels great and the game is made in such a way that its easy to get in to. Its just about creamed with references to other games, which you see a lot in games nowdays, but you still enjoy them. The only downside is that the game felt kind of short, anyway sale or no its still worth the money."
,Recommended,214770,11012128,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Sir_Shaggy,"Very challenging metriod-vania platformer with a lot of special jumps, moves and combos. Frustrating but yet satisfying once you complete a hard jump combnation. I loved the art style and music."
,Recommended,214770,11013213,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,"Hello, my friend!","I highly recommend this game.  All of its elements: aesthetics, music, gameplay, story (...ehhh...) combine to an extremely enjoyable and rewarding experience, despite its -relatively- short length."
,Recommended,214770,11004719,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Coconut,Fun. 9/10
,Recommended,214770,11004815,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Noms,Keep saying guacamelee to my friend and he keeps saying that I am not pronouncing it right
,Recommended,214770,11006773,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Czipperz,"This game is great and all but as many have said also, it is too chalenging.  At the beginning of the game, its all fun and sweet, but the game continues on and has too many damn combos to try to use.  There are points that make you want to pull out your hair, and I have stopped playing entirely because I can't get past my current level (or I'm too lazy).I recommend this game for a few hours of fun, (about 8 for me) but then its over.  The current discount as I write this is 80% off, and that is a price I would recommend buying it at.  I would buy this game for 50% or less, and thats how much it is worth to me.Soundtrack 10/10- amazing, buy it if you want.Graphics 10/10- I ran this on an ok computer and was able to still get no lag and awesome graphics so awesome.  It is in general a beautiful game.Controls 7.5/10- They start out very simple but become harder as you learn more and more abilities (omg its rediculous to remember).  Also you have to play on a controller because the keyboard controls are crap. :(Fun 8/10- This game is really fun until you get stuck.  There was a female boss (I dont remember her name) who kept splitting into clones and that was REALLY annoying.  Also the tree was hard to navigate because of the lengthy combos you have to perform to keep from falling down even more than where you started.Overall - I recommend this game for about 8 hours.  Then I would give up because it is sooooo challenging."
,Recommended,214770,11011433,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Miles,"Heard about this game thanks to Ashley at Rooster Teeth. If you like Super Metroid and fighting games, this wil be right up your alley. Lots of humor, power ups, and a good length.Fighting gets a little tedious, it's not a bad system, but with only a few moves it can be difficult to juggle enemies.9.5/10"
76561198025303785,Recommended,214770,11058725,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,peteraronow,Who knew cultural appropriation could be so much fun?
,Recommended,214770,2420024,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Krypto,"With loads of old school feel and charm reminiscent of old NES games, this kind of makes pixel art games look lazy and uninspired. This is how 2D platformers should move into the future."
,Recommended,214770,11062799,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,VGMusicologist,"There's very little to not like about Guacamelee: It's stylish, it's exciting, it's funny, it has a very unique flavor.  It's a rock-solid beat-em-up platformer that feels a bit like Metroid + Streets of Rage.  In fantasy Mexico during Dia de los Muertos.  Turned up to 11."
76561198042643895,Recommended,214770,11063609,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mikefust,The controls just feel great.  The progression of abilites and suits keeps it fresh.  Music is very catchy.  Enemies are varied.  Classic platforming meets hard-hitting brawling.  The challenge stages were great too. What's not to love?
76561198069612379,Recommended,214770,11043981,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Magikrap,"I love this game! Guacamelee looks amazing, it also plays fluenty. It's one of these games which is easy to learn but hard to master. But the game can sometimes get confusing and hard but it a fun game with lots of fun with a cliche story, Also be prepared to see and read lots of eater eggs!"
,Recommended,214770,11044953,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,het10baugh,So far I am really enjoying the level design and combat. All I have to say is I need to get a controller.
76561197972981639,Recommended,214770,11048643,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Drkplague69,"Love the artwork, love the Metroid subtleties."
,Recommended,214770,11127270,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sykic,"Destroyed a chozo statue, didn't get a new power, 10/10"
,Recommended,214770,11166900,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Populix,GUUUUUCAMELEEEEEEEE! This is super cool and stuff. You punch things and whack them with your toes. You throw things and pummel them with special abilities given to you by a goat man who wants to piledrive your mother sexually. The art style is really cool and colorful the music is really adventury and light. Sometimes the platforming can be frustrating but not if you remember the skills you've got and go back later some times. There's also a hot ghost lady who wants your Luchadick.Just like real life. Buy this game.
,Recommended,214770,11166983,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,ferioritycomplex,"This game is so good, I bought it twice! Once for Steam, and the Super Turbo Championship Edition for Wii U! Controls don't always feel quite as tight as I might like, but otherwise it's a fantastically fun romp that left me wishing for more."
76561198077904769,Recommended,214770,11300445,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Wealthy,itz ze game iv u now vat im sajing
,Not Recommended,214770,14376699,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Luxury Yacht,"Understand, I really want to love this game, I was loving this game, but then I hit a brick wall in a platforming section a little after the second chozo statue. I'm not good at this sort of thing, and I don't feel like replaying the same section over and over until I get lucky. If you're cool with really complex movement, buy this game, I'm sure it will add to the experience, if you can't stand that, don't you're only in for frustration."
,Recommended,214770,15483602,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,[KoMSh]Savior Marks,"One of the best Metroidvania game you´ll ever find!!!! Guaca is so perfect in many ways thats is hard to write about it!!! The atmosphere, the combos, the story of the game, every piece glued to become the ultimate mexican brawling game!!! Buy it you´ll love it anyways!!!"
,Recommended,214770,14895827,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Praxus,"Great art, tight controls and a great sense of humor are only the tip of the iceberg of things to enjoy about this game.  I honestly haven't had this much fun in a platformer since Super Metroid.  Some of the platforming puzzles are very difficult, and the final boss fight was mind-numbing, but overall this is a great game that rightfully deserves all the praise it has gotten."
,Recommended,214770,14897328,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Zectifin Pulgris,"If you are a fan of metroidvanias, this is a fantastic game. You can even play through coop with a friend. I played through single player, so im not sure if coop is balanced for 2 people or not.The entire game is an homage to mexican culture and the metroid/castlevania series. (there are even ""choozo"" statues that give you new abilities).A wonderful decent length metroidvania that oozes of mexican cultural references and humor. I couldn't recommend it anymore."
,Recommended,214770,545554,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Such Spooky Flame,"This game oozes with internet and gaming-based references. Some good, some bad. The designers openly called it a ""metroidvania"" game, which it is. Though unlike metroidvania, the back tracking isn't nearly as time-consuming, and the map is far smaller, not to mention more colorful and atmospheric.The enemies are varied enough for the amount of gameplay that's available. The controls are fluent and easy to master. The music fits perfectly with the game. The art style is fun and I found myself standing around a lot just to look at everything, which helps find those hidden treasures. The game also features Co-Op in case if you want to bring a friend with you.Guacamelee is one of the reasons i've been hanging around Indie gaming so much."
,Recommended,214770,15272880,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Devan,Amazing game.
,Recommended,214770,9049848,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,jeh.,"this game took me about five hours to beat, but man was it a fun five hours. if you're into metroidvania style games, i would highly suggest looking into this game. the art style is awesome, there's a bit of humor, and i'm sure you'll see plenty of outside references within the game. the best part, for me, is the combat. i had so much fun defeating the waves of enemies that were set upon me throughout the game. the combat, while not extremely complicated, is diverse enough so that you don't feel you're doing the same thing over and over. the game itself is somewhat easy, though, there is a ""hard mode"" that gets unlocked upon beating the game."
,Not Recommended,214770,15195634,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SentryBallistik,I do and i dont recommend this game the reasons are:+ i get angered easily+ the fighting can be extremely unfair at pointsthose are the only points i have but if you like a sidescrolling type of  gmae that gives a big challenge at the same time i recommend this game
76561198047427430,Recommended,214770,15164777,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Isaac,"Guacamelee is one of those rare exceptions that I pick up and play until I make it to the end. The refined controls and absolutely original artwork begs players to parkour through its clever level designs and well-balanced pacing. It is a platformer with charming charisma, humorous appeal, and wonderful story telling that shouldn’t be missed by any fans of metroidvania platformers."
,Recommended,214770,16234029,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TheDivexz,If the gameplay of the Classic Metroid and the plot of Mario Had a love child in Mexico it would create this game
,Recommended,214770,8325650,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Typo,The video on the store page does not do this game justice.  I have been playing it today and I am hooked.  I would absolutely recommend it.
,Recommended,214770,8314334,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Litheon,"Fun, short, andamusing. If you like metroidvania games, and want a game an obscene amount of references to every other game imaginable, get this."
,Recommended,214770,8924914,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,littlest sneeze,Pros:Excellent gameplay. Beautiful art. Brutally difficult optional sequences. Can be a chicken.Cons:Damsel-in-distress story. Needs more hats.
,Recommended,214770,8924956,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Cryptonium,Fun game with very responsive controls!
76561197997229823,Recommended,214770,8665843,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dagibbon,"Well I have had a cracking time playing through this game. It uses the common platform mechanic of getting new special moves as you progress through the game, allowing you to access areas that were inaccessible before. The combat is satisfying and allows you to string some fairly meaty combos together as well as using the main power moves. There are some pretty challenging platform sections that had me pulling my hair out for a bit, but not so hard that it makes you lose interest & give up the challenge.I have never played a game with this kind of art style and atmosphere before. The graphics and the music really draw you in; the whole Mexican Luchador vibe is pulled off perfectly, and has a nice story with some funny touches. I have completed the game, but will go back to it to get those last few secret sections/chests etc. And I think the challenge arenas down in hell will keep me occupied for a while!Would thoroughly recommend this to any one who likes platforming games, with a good bit of combat as well. Brilliant fun."
,Recommended,214770,8601460,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Beefbud,"Extremely solid game with satisfying combat, a nice sense of humor, graphic style, music, and the perfect length."
,Recommended,214770,8601597,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Colesl4w,"This game is a lot of fun, and the writing is silly. Some of the optional/secret platforming sections are really difficult. As such this game made me feel bad about myself and my ability to play games. I highly reccommend it."
,Recommended,214770,8604257,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,PUG LIFE,I love this game!recommend use xbox controller
,Recommended,214770,8620475,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Scai,This game rocks ! Pure playability and fun ! Don't miss it !
,Recommended,214770,8968740,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DeLuman,"Great Platforming, hilarious dialogue, just the right amount of difficulty."
,Recommended,214770,9612080,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,mattlohkamp,"if you're hungry for a modern metroidvania, guacamelee is a nice quick little review of all the traditional tropes - jump, double jump, double jump and dash, dash jump uppercut doublejump wall jump wall run... all with some nice combo-enhanced melee combat thrown in. It's profoundly derivative, and stuffed with callout after callout to its predecessors - but the execution is tight, the design is very easy on the eyes, and the challenge level is enough to make you feel like you're learning but not so much that it gets frustrating (other than in a few small areas.)you can probably run straight through in 4 or 5 hours, or else try to be more of a completionist - maybe it'll take you like 10 hours that way. and there's a NewGame+ mode, which is cool.definitely play it if you like metroidvania platformers."
,Recommended,214770,9612292,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,thepolkapunk,"Fantastic Metroidvania! Great visual design, tight controls, interesting levels, enjoyable music, very funny, and lots of references to games of yore. I would've liked it to be a bit more difficult, though."
,Recommended,214770,10047667,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,POINGjam,"Fun and well-made, but it gets pretty samey.  You fight the same handful of enemies in room after room, exploration seems pointless due to the lack of collectibles, unlockable moves feel like the same old thing in a new direction (now you can attack up!), and the story is pretty generic/bland.I've played for six hours and still feel like I'm in the early part of the game where you can't do anything yet.All that aside, the controls are tight, the combat is fun, the art is spot-on, and the costumes system is great.  I like playing as Samus Aran in a beat-'em-up."
76561198066417861,Recommended,214770,14681271,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,When am I supposed to blossom?,I laughed from start to finish on this amazing game! It is even better if you play local co-op with some friend!Highly recommended!
76561198030796018,Recommended,214770,14763176,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,facaimao,"Great graphics and music, very playable 2D platformer. Nice balance of puzzle and action elements. Gamepad compatibility a big plus. Wish there were more levels."
,Not Recommended,214770,14786849,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ein Everything (Pack@it),"One of the most frustrating platform/action games I have played. The character doesn't respond quickkly enough for what you want him to do. To beat the boss, you have to constantly cancel your super moves, and then it's based up to luck.  The theme of the game is fun, but the actual gameplay feels like it needs work.  It doesn't feel responsive to the input commands"
,Recommended,214770,14779453,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,reddar19,"Fun and fresh. Highly recommend to those that like a fast paced, at times twitchy, at times puzzly, platform brawler. Music, humor, and, above all, art, highly recommended. Looking forward to other titles from this developer."
76561197971021986,Recommended,214770,14246991,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,uni1313,"This is very good platform game. It's fast, fun and the Mexican music gives a nice tempo when playing. Characters are based on Mexican legends, so as a European I don't know them but the characters are fun. The game is an action platformer so you jump en fight with your fists en kick with your legs. The more you advance the more new moves you obtian.Graphics and music are good.I highly recommend playing this game with a controller becauce later on in the game there are sections you have to time your jumps perfectly. I use the Xbox 360 controller.I finished the game in 10 hours. After that you can select a higher difficulty and try to search all the secrets.I you are searching for a good action platformer game don't hesitate and buy this game!I only tried single player - so I can't give an opinion on multi player."
76561198003895824,Recommended,214770,14313201,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Aestis,"Tons of fun, had a great time going through in coop.  The platforming is pretty challenging and the combat is interesting."
,Recommended,214770,14269094,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,JQ,"This was one of the most fun and helarious platformer games I have ever played! It was so fun to beat again and again, and then again in hard mode! It's really fun, and the story is great. There are a lot of secrets (which I have found all of), and all sorts of interesting puzzles! (BTW: I used keyboard and it worked out great, not a lot of games are meant for keyboard.)"
76561197982935367,Recommended,214770,11101761,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Captain Shitfaced,"I played this game for just ~3h and i am already addicted.The music is great, it is funny, and it is challenging but fair, combat like the jump & run passages.You get more abilities the more you play. The more you got, the more secret areas you can reach.See anything you can't reach? Come back later. It has a teleportation system and a minimap with icons resembling the needed skills. So it is really fun to come back to already visited areas just to find that extra something.Also features Co - op, which i didn't play so far. But i imagine it is really funny, playing this with a pal.If you like a awesome looking, challenging, fun to play Action-Platformer with a sense of humor, this is your Game.Oh, and you can transform yourself into a chicken later in the game. Nuff said."
76561198011595147,Recommended,214770,11103817,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,valencianiste,"decent little game, very short, but worth it if its on sale."
,Recommended,214770,11379121,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Not Really,"Looks great, plays great, sounds great, great refrences.But legitamatly INFURIATING!Introduces increasingly precise and increasingly difficult platforming that really slows gameplay down.But if thats what you life then go for it, the combat is really fun and it looks great.if you liked Super Meatboy but wish it had more Luchador action then this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,214770,11380052,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,majere616,The introduction of the combination of the mercilessly difficult platforming of the Tule Tree in concert with the extremely awkward platforming controls brought my enjoyment of a game that had started out quite fun to a screeching profanity laced halt.
76561198043428449,Recommended,214770,11382085,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,..,Mexican Memes
,Recommended,214770,11002766,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,wmonso1,Hilarious Game. I really enjoy the artwork and the story.
,Recommended,214770,11218333,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,altrewin,"Great game, quite silly and good fun! However I definately recommend playing with a controller."
,Recommended,214770,11423739,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Erthkwake,A must-play for anyone who likes Metroidvania and beat-em-up games. Great combat and platforming.
76561198054558486,Recommended,214770,11427214,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Andromeda,"What Evan said, but more!"
,Recommended,214770,11434757,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Trig,An accurate simulation of mexan lifeRecommended
76561197969372390,Recommended,214770,14063702,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,mr. nails,"Moar Metroidvania's PLEASE!This game was fantastic.  Funny setting's, but that are reminiscent of Metroid.  LOTS of power ups and lots of stuff hidden just like the previous mentioned game.  Controller supported so that's a plus.  There's some tricky jumps you'll have to master via platforming with special moves, but nothing rage quit worthy.  Fun side quests that reward you and boss battles that are enjoyable, but only after you've learned their strategy.  Damn good and looking forward to more.   And so should YOU!"
,Not Recommended,214770,8803083,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,TheyCallMeSkippy,"Overly fiddly platforming holds back a decent, stylish metroidvania brawler.A brawler/platformer in the metroid/castlevania mold, Guacamelee is very difficult at times (and trivial at others), with a few missteps in level design.  Certain obstacles cause insta-death back to the previous save point where other just move you back to the last safe spot within the screen. There are many difficult jump-while-button-mashing puzzles as the game progresses, and I found several spots extremely tedious because of the many retries needed to get past them. One in particular does not let you see the puzzle before attempting it, leading to much trial and error. All of that said, the art style is beautiful, the brawling works once you adjust to the timing, and the metroid-style powers are well done. Overall a decent, but overly fiddly game that will challenge fans of platformers and likely anger brawler fans without the patience for extreme platforming."
76561197964364524,Not Recommended,214770,13882943,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,CSM,Buy the Super Turbo Championship Edition.
76561198032828119,Recommended,214770,13982696,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,warmentat,very fun platformer lots of tounge-in-cheek humour.I feel it's absolutly necesary to have a controller to play this game.
,Recommended,214770,7569185,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Pretzelcoatl,There aren't enough words for how awesome this game is. Fans of Metroid/Castlevania/ Hellboy/Samurai Jack should definitely consider checking it out.
,Recommended,214770,13043603,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,moosebird7,"Guacemelee is one of the best gaming experiences I have had in years.  It is a metroidvania style game set in the world of Mexican luchadors.Pros- Wonderfully tight and responsive controls and a combat system that is intensely satisfying- The game never takes itself too seriously.  The story knows what it wants to do and has fun doing it.- Co-op integrates seamlessly if you have two controllers.- Very appropriate difficulty.  There were a few frustrating challenges, but those were all optional.Cons- None.  Seriously, this game is a gem."
,Recommended,214770,7485949,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,oskr989,"Calidad de juego, un cagon de risa!"
,Recommended,214770,13141977,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Omar,"Guacamelee is a great game with an amazing art style.I love combat in this game it consist of 6 types of attacks only but you can chain them in a way to deal great damage to an enemy. Also you can throw them into each other giving you more time to prepare.Moment in this game fast with double jumping, wall walking and so on so there is lots lots of platforming  to do which is my  least enjoyable in part of this gameI say f you like a good challenge and a good combat system pick it up."
76561198075886206,Recommended,214770,13135990,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,jalapenojon,"I'm glad I paid full price for this game during the Steam fall sale because it's truly worth its $14.99.  I'm already planning on buying the Turbo Championship edition as well even if it costs me another $14.99.  Maybe I'll get it for the Vita so I have something to take with me on the go if I can't bring laptops with me.  If I have a Playstation 3 again, I'm buying the PS3 copy as well.I'm a huge Metroidvania fan and I enjoyed the likes of Super Metroid and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  Those two easily are the best of those Metroidvanias and I have played them both AND beat both of them.  Does Guacamelee! belong in the same sentence as those two?  After beating the game on the normal mode which unlocks the hard mode, I have to say that it belongs right there with Super Metroid and Castlevania SOTN.  The neat thing about Guacamelee! is that the game is certainly more challenging than those two mentioned.  And the most fun as well which should count for something.The cool thing is that Guacamelee! pays homage to the Metroid series and doesn't shy away from the fact that it's a Metroidvania game.  This former Metroid fan who has played all the Metroid games up to Metroid Prime 3 on the Wii can tell you that Drink Box Studios certainly has met the high bar that Nintendo & Konami have set for Metroidvania games.  I could go into detail about how it is like Metroid games but I'll keep it to myself and let people buy the game and then see for themselves."
,Recommended,214770,14873634,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,pibaxj,Fantastic 2D Metroidvania.
76561198039803296,Recommended,214770,12854451,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ironchef,Absolutely fabulous game!
76561198014757132,Recommended,214770,13328531,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,♠ArcticSØul™,"This game turned out to be better than I expected. It's quite fun to play, you can unlock sweet abilities over the time, it has some nice challeging bosses, not easy enough to make you bored, not hard enough to make you quit. Plus some custom outfits, including steam workshop ones. To sum it up, try playing it coop, you like it even more."
,Recommended,214770,13246063,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Morinoko,"Lo máximo, pollo luchador!"
,Recommended,214770,13353145,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hero Time,"It's like playing a fantastic re-mastered SNES game. Except it's not one that I played when I was ten years old, it's new. Perfect action platformer with some good random humor. If you grew up with a SNES you will most likely enjoy this."
76561197993439478,Recommended,214770,8594869,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,usayarE,-nice old school side scrolling action game-stylish art style-very humorous-some funny referal to some other famous games
,Recommended,214770,8556325,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jaerin,Very fun platformer.  Well balanced difficulty throughout the game.  Lots of hidden things to find and awesome graphical theme.Well worth the time and money!
76561198042859938,Recommended,214770,8557539,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,"Tries to be SOTN but somewhat fails, ok game"
,Recommended,214770,8559446,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,wooly-back-jack,"great fun, easy pick up and play game :)"
,Recommended,214770,8560532,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Lacent,"This game was among only a few that was able to pry me from multiplayer-only games. It's a great platformer, and easy to pick up and play casually. Has a lot of great dialogue, most of it just being funny. It's challenging enough to make it frustrating at times (in a good way), but rewarding all in the same. Great game."
76561197990998022,Recommended,214770,8561818,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr. Nice Guy,Hilarious! Great fighting action. Co-op mode really made this game fun (although some of the challenging puzzle parts required us to have one of the players wait / bow out).10 stars. Would buy again.
,Recommended,214770,8562093,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,AlphaNeonic,"FANTASTIC.Guacamelee = A metroidvania with a mexican luchdor and a pretty damn good melee combat system.Guacamelee is what's called a ""metroidvania"". An open world 2D platformer with certain paths restricted until you obtain new traversal abilities. You can also backtrack to previous areas with your newly aquired abilities and find power ups and other secrets. As far as this genre goes, Guacamelee is one of the best.Graphics  - It's a great looking game. The art is colorful and fits the game perfectly. Whatever outfit your character is wearing, the animation is smooth and fluid. In addition, there are a lot of little nods and easter eggs to pop culture and gaming sprinkled in and it really helps to give the world character.Story - No surprises here. Typical ""rescue the princess"" story we've had since the dawn of time. It serves the game well enough, but don't expect any curveballs.Gameplay - Control is tight and spot on. Moving around the levels feels great and you're consistenly given new abilities so it never feels boring. There's also a healthy dose of combat that has enough depth to keep you interested. Those moves you use to open up new areas? They also function as attacks. By the end of the game, you have a great set of skill at your disposal to take out the bad guys.This bring me to one of my few complaints about this Guacamelee. Enemies will gain one to 5 different types of shields in addition to being in one of two worlds you can switch between, the enemy only being attackable in one world. It can be a bit much to deal with later in the game when there is so much going on, especially when the enemies seem to get their shield back almost instantly. Small gripe, but not enough to ruin the game.One more thing. There are some downright devious platforming sections. Nothing as bad as Super Meat Boy or IWBTG, but they can get a bit hairy. Especially when you have to double jump, wall bounce, uppercut, wall bounce, etc... all in one combination. If you're into that, you'll love this game and you do feel great when you finally nail it.Replay Value - There is a ""good"" ending if you find all the hidden pieces of a certain item, secrets to find and areas to go back and get to 100%. There are also a few sidequests, and a ""hard"" mode. Once you've beaten the game and gotten the good ending though, you've seen just about everything.If you're even remotely a fan of metroidvanias, or platformers in general. Pick up Guacamelee. It's one of the best in the genre and more than that, it's a simply a great game."
,Recommended,214770,8562466,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sugoi,"You like Metroidvanias, don't you?If you even slightly answered in the affirmative to this question, get Guacamelee.  It is a beautiful, well designed Metroidvania full of style, humor, and imagination.  The impeccable presentation certainly doesn't disappoint, nor does the consistently hilarious writing and thoroughly excellent platforming.Speaking of which, Guacamelee has some unexpected influences, including Wall Jumping right out of Super Meat Boy.There's very little to complain about, short of difficulty spikes that can be overcome with a little persistence.  Overall, it's an extremely well polished game well deserving of your time and attention."
76561198119654885,Recommended,214770,11754201,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TheDankDinosaur,"Very fun game. Many references in the background which is funny. Combat is very fun (who doesn't want to perform a piledriver on a killer flower) and so are the platforming puzzles. Very good idea to use the combat moves in the platforming. The abilities to change between worlds and turn into a chicken is a fun idea. This game has many good, original ideas and concepts. Only bad thing is that by the end this game is insanely difficult."
76561198061894901,Recommended,214770,11756784,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,PuMasterDanks,This game is so hype. The developers did a great job in accurately depicting a Dia de los muertos aesthetic. It's a very pretty game. A bit frustrating at a few points but very playable. Besides who doesn't want to play as a luchador?
,Recommended,214770,11759405,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Zonin,"One of the most flat out charming games out there,Guacamelee essentially plays as a 2D metroid game with a focus on melee combat and abilities to differentiate the game from using different weapons to break blockades. The luchadore mood is ever present with tons of references strewn around, rather amusing writing, and very satisfying combat segments. For the perfectionists, the game also has tons of secrets to find, some including platform segments that could give games like Super Meat Boy a run for its money. The game is admittably rather short, but very much worth it for anyone who was a fan of the old metroid games or who just want to play through an amusing, colourful adventure."
,Recommended,214770,11607445,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Escape Theory,"For a game picked up on the cheap in an indie bundle, Guacamelee far exceeded my expectations.PositivesGameplay- The (controller) controls are perfect, not just with its bindings, but they're responsiveness. They play a massive part in making every brawl not just enjoyable, but satisfying.The game, although challenging in some parts, never feels unfair, even when you're choking on spinning death blades of doom for the 40th time.  To put it concisely, the game is really bloody fun. If this is all that matters to you stop right here, click buy, and fall into the Mexican wrestling dreamland that is Guacamelee.Graphics- The graphics are not only undoubtedly pretty, but have a truly unique feel about them. The Mexican/Piñata aesthetic really helps the game feel like more than just another indie brawler. Dimension swapping in particular is fantastic. Changes in not just surroundings, but colour palette when swapping really makes the game feel special.Audio- Just perfect. The way that the same musical themes are used to convey completely different tones in different areas is just superb. The slight musical sharp/flat change between dimensions is an especially nice touch.NegativesWriting- It's fair to say that the majority of brawlers don't rely on writing and plot to get their player through the game. Guacamelee is no exception. The plot itself is forgettable archetypical nonsense and the characters aren't all that memorable. Ordinarily, in a game that concentrates its efforts on game play above everything else, this can be forgiven. What is less forgiveable is the completely unmissable LE MEME HUMOUR plastered all over the world.There's nothing really wrong with subtle meme humour accompanied with a wink and a nod to understanding players. Guacamelee however had less winking, more hitting you in the head with a meme frying pan whilst screaming TROLOLOLOLOLOLOL. The 'humour' went from quite funny, to groan worthy to honestly, downright embarrassing.Between the many MANY meme posters, unimaginative move names ('Derp Derp', I mean really) and self referential, pandering 'humour', the game suffered in an area where it's genre would usually have had an easy pass.Quick TL;DR conclusionHeaps of fun, solid controls, great graphics and soundtrack. The worst thing you'll have to do is suffer through unfunny memes, but really, who doesn't do that on a daily basis already?"
,Recommended,214770,11546797,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sorry,Nice 2d Graphic and smoothess animated
,Recommended,214770,11607316,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Nyarlathotep,"I was expecting a fun beat’em all, and that’s exactly what I got.The gameplay is top notch. As you keep unlocking new powers your possibilities grow and beating enemies comes more naturally.Combat sequences are fun, even though I found the fights a bit too easy at first. But they get tougher as you approach the end of the game. Then, you unlock the Hard mode. It does get way more tougher.I wasn’t expecting the platform sequences (bought this on a hunch), but they were pretty fun too. These get more complex and original as you gather new powers, mostly putting your timing to the test.The power-up system is maybe the down-low of this game. It is not bad per say, just very basic. You unlock new powers when progressing through levels. These give you new movements for combat and platform sequences. You can also buy health and stamina enhancements, but there are no major powers to get there, except maybe one that makes ennemies weaker more quickly. That is it.There are also a bunch of collectables to gather so can get more health / stamina / cash (that buys health / stamina). This may extend the durability of the game somewhat.The nice touches are the humour, references, lightheartedness of it all, and what’s best is that you can play with a friend just by plugging in a second controller (only locally though).If you like platformy beat’em alls, or beat'em-all-y platformers, I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,214770,7771716,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,IamRellim,"Just finished this game last night and I have to say I really enjoyed it.  Coming off of Dust: An Elysian Tail before this, both of these games were great MetroidVania-style games, both felt different while not straying too far off the path.- Environment on this game is a little sillier without making it feel stupid- Love the cartoon-like art style  Makes the characters actions and story feel more believable.- Combat system is easy to pick up, and while they can show you many combos with the moves you learn throughout the game, I was able to kind of create my own and play in the action my way, in a sense.- While I don't feel that this game has a lot of replayability, there is quite a bit to do while you are playing it and you can beat the game and go back and finish it if you are up to the challenges.- Some of the platforming is HARD AS HELL... and I loved it!  It is one of things that made me come back for more.- Not to forget, there are little Easter Eggs everywhere, paying homage to great game titles and internet memes.If you like games like Metroid and Castlevania, this is one to pick up, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,214770,12002616,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Swibs,"This game is amazing. Simple and difficult, funny and fast. Me gusta."
,Recommended,214770,12004105,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Flyndiggory,Mucho Gusto!
,Recommended,214770,11880876,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,AaronThePugLord,"This game is an awesome platforming game, with a unique artstyle and combat mechanics along with good storytelling and bgm. Variaty of skills, combos are very balance and the game does not come across the feeling of grinding as you will get all the skill upgrades as long as you play along through the story.The game has a lot of reference and easter eggs through out the game and I love it.The achievements are relatively easy, nothing too hard or require too much of time to get as well.If you're trying to get all the achievements, I suggest start playing on hard mode(by typing a code) or play through it 2 times, which I did.Since I finished this when Super Turbo Champhionship Edition is out, I suggest you getting that one since its more of a upgraded version to this game.10/10, would play again."
76561198100499696,Recommended,214770,11880932,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Kubricat,More games should be like this.  Great artwork and quirky.  Kudos to the devolopers.
,Recommended,214770,11851733,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,RunItGodzira!,"very good platforming/beat em up game that is nearly perfect in every way. It has tight controls,  colourful and lively levels, lots of new powers and combos to obtain, side quests, lots of different skins thanks to the steam workshop folk, and a good co-op. I wan't expecting to enjoy it near as much as i did and still am.  the only nitpicks i have are that the music can give u headaches in long play sessions and and the graphics of the charcters could have been sharper (less pixellated) other then that, flawless. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,214770,11940992,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,HP Designjet Colorpro Printer,"Never has the phrase, ""If you fail, try and try again,"" been more prominent.Also reminds me a lot of Mexico. 10/10"
,Recommended,214770,10638312,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gemah ~ Suddenly Doggo,EA is the devil in game. 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,214770,10511064,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,bosspatrone,Pretty
,Recommended,214770,10484352,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,S3bizarre,"un MetroidVania avec un soupcon de ninja Gaiden ,gameplay solide ,visuel et animation vraiment cool et un soupçons d'humour.un jeu qui vaut la peine surtout quand il est en rabais .viva el dia del muertos !!"
,Recommended,214770,11107409,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,ductapeofdoom,"Very fun and exciting platformer. The game is well-balanced difficulty wise (even with those pesky mask sections) and the combat stays fresh throughout the game. Overall, this is an excellent game anyone who enjoys platformers should buy."
76561197980384654,Recommended,214770,11109750,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Meadowbrook,"Buy this game. No, really, buy it. It's crazy fun and pretty challenging."
76561198130514798,Recommended,214770,11111154,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,amphetamachine,"Incredibly fun! I highly recommend the game, it's like Metroid, except hilarious and light-hearted where you're a Luchador prancing across the landscape punching people and chickens to a soundtrack of mariachi blended with techno."
,Recommended,214770,10205890,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,AyJay,"With such a lame name, I figured this game wasn't that good. Bored after the semester, I decided to give this a go.What a fun game it turned out to be.Although the main story is more ""casual"" and fun to mess around with, the side quests will give you a run for your money, with precise timing and demanding maneuvering. The music also has it's little charm to it, and the graphics and colors were quite appealing to my eyes. It even got a few laughs out of me with the occasional joke and trolling efforts the team laid in the game.I gotta admit though, this is a game you MUST play with a controller, and if you plan on doing the side quests, you are -much- better off using the D-pad on the PS3/4 controller than the Xbox one.All-in-all, with tight and fluid controls, coupled with a free-for-all beat-em-up served up on a fresh 2D platforming plate, what's not to love?"
76561198028390026,Recommended,214770,10568965,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bendavis1977,"Surprisingly funny and entertaining.  If it's on sale, pick it up 4sure."
,Recommended,214770,11086512,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Luna Sy,Feels like a mix between Metroid and Devil May Cry.Challenging yet fair gameplay and has a good sense of humor.
,Recommended,214770,11093312,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,maxaroni,Great game. References are off the hook. Absolutely worth it.
76561197961084226,Recommended,214770,11099000,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Moodie,Fun to play. Really challenging but rewarding. Beautiful and funny. Congrats to Drinkbox!
76561197960508801,Recommended,214770,10943719,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,shadowgrind,"Pretty cool game. Fun to play!- Jump and Run, a bit of riddling and massive bashing enemys the beat 'em up style.Just really Cool"
,Recommended,214770,10943767,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Zeedware,"A very amazing side-scrolling action full of hillarious easter eggs.Unfortunately the game is kinda hard, especially in single player."
,Recommended,214770,10890577,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Coda17,"Great mixture of Castlevania, Zelda, Metroid and many other classics.  Great sense of humor and plenty of fun to play.  It can be as challenging as you want it to be and seems to have lots of replay value."
76561198002523051,Recommended,214770,10838597,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jjj519,"This game feels like final fight and metroid had a baby.  Fun combat and exploration with some clever platforming makes for an amazing game.  If the art style made you wary about picking this game up just ignore it and buy this game immediately, especially if it's only 3 dollars on a steam sale, worth every penny.Filled with references to other game franchises, the humor in this game never fails to bring a smile to your face.  The story is the standard ""save the girl"" fare, but the characters are fun and quirkyOnly nitpicks would be that the game is a little easy for most of it, though the difficulty does ramp up near the end if you go for the orbs/challenges. I also wanted a little more upgrades for the move list, still easily a 9/10."
,Recommended,214770,12261313,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Lazureus,"A true modern Metroidvania, in La noce de la muerta."
,Recommended,214770,10396129,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Pitpat,8/10
76561198097873608,Recommended,214770,12376338,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Gemini Saga,"A surprising game in a time when no one seems to care about 2D platform games. You can perform never-ending combos (at least till your opponent is alive!) and the mechanics are great. The graphics, the scenario and all have a unique art style (a good Indie one I would say) and the game puts up a hell of a challenge even for experienced players. Luckly, there are plenty of save points throughout the game. The game response to the commands are also very good. The possibility of wearing several different outfits (some of them with peculiar characteristics) is also a plus. Moreover, the game is full of eastereggs, which I was very happy to find. One should definitely take a look at it."
,Recommended,214770,11829196,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Herbert RamRod,You win. You lose. You laugh. You love. You lucha...
,Recommended,214770,12199751,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Hypperone,This is a great fighting game with very fluid combat mechanics and combos. The visuals are stunning and the platforming is pretty good. Music is also really good and motivating.
,Recommended,214770,12259552,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,MoominPie,"This is a very solid beat-em up platformer that doesn't dissapoint. The gameplay is challenging, yet rewarding. It's one of the few games that I wanted to get 100% on. It's full of humour, memes and references, reminding you that the plot shouldn't be taken too seriously. You learn an array of special moves and abilities as you progress through (including dimension swapping and chicken form), with exploration heavily rewarded.Overall, this is fun, full of content for at least 12hrs, and very satisfying to complete.Do yourself a favour and pick it up for about £1.50 at the next Steam Sale!"
,Recommended,214770,2320765,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,DarkStar33Cdn,"This game takes a elements that should never work together: Mexican wrestling, internet jokes, side scrolling beat-em-up and metroid like exploration.In the end this non-sensical package rolls together to make a very enjoyable and absolutely hilarious title for one or more players (co-op recommended). It’s a game that you can sit down and have a good time with while being somewhat challenging without being punishing.Not bad for a small Toronto studio. Not bad at all.. :D"
,Recommended,214770,7800289,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BobsYurUncle,"+ Loads of hidden collectables and upgrades+ Tight controls, excellent combat and platforming+ Dead/Living world dynamics+ The humour and aesthetics+ Dungeons- Keyboard controls- Screen tearing or slight input lag with vsync9/10"
76561198099255049,Recommended,214770,12559439,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,cyberseer,"i had not played an old school platform in years and found this one to be both classic yet modernized. The music is a masterpiece, I still play the soundtrack when I play dota. The art is very nice. The mexican vibe is spot on, and I really like mexico. The fighting stiyle is a button masher with a lot of jumping which gets hard at time. Some fights take a bunch of retries. I beat it and was very satisfied."
,Recommended,214770,9023940,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Tartaruss,"Ever played Metroid? Ever watched Mucha Lucha on WB? Well if they had a love child it would be this game.A luchador infused metroid game may sound absurd, but works well on so many levels. Much like how I found the 2-D stealth gameplay of Mark of the Ninja to be really satisfying and rewarding to take time to learn the mechanics. The same goes for the moderately robust combo system and platforming elements of Gucamelee.The melee combo system is generous enough to allow you breathing room to move and dodge in between sequences of punching and kicking to pull a long combo chain. That mixed in with their use of special movies (i.e. rooster uppercut) which are the missle equivalent of metroid can lead you to pulling off satisfying combos.As of this review i'm at a point where you are able to manipulate the environment at will to change the overall landscape which leads to some fair but challenging sequences. And the morph ball equivalent is that you turn into a rooster. . . . yes a rooster. . .Last thoughts, I love the references to games I've played sprinkled throughout as either wrestling posters or environment structures. Definitely worth playing imo."
76561198041301634,Recommended,214770,12383768,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Gloop,A fantastic Metroidvania style action platformer with an amazing visual style and music that compliment the day of the dead theme.
76561198138713189,Recommended,214770,11227403,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,smelly cat,"This may be one of my all-time favorite games. The music is great from the very start, the difficulty ramps up enough to make you want to pull your hair out while still being completely playable, and there's always a joke in the dialogue or a Mexican spin on something Nintendo that is hilariously clever. The animation is fantastic and well done, and I always enjoy hearing the audio change when you switch between realms. 10/10 when I'm not getting angry at the difficult parts"
,Recommended,214770,8368020,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Treiclon,"Oh my god! This game has everything. The mechanics are easy and intuitive, the sense of humour is brilliant and for all audiences, the action is fast and fluid, the music is fitting and the graphics are gorgeous. GOTY I say, GOTYYY."
,Recommended,214770,8369386,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,rmldsky,My sore fingers  ... I love this game!
76561198048061297,Recommended,214770,8369698,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Amazatron,"Control support mars an otherwise tasty platformer. Get it on sale. Don't pay more than $4.Terribly difficult when using a keyboard. (Though I have a controller and would love to use it, it isn't an Xbox controller --- whoopsie-daisie! Too bad for me!) I remapped the attacks to the number pad and the movement to WASD --- for some reason the developers don't recognize that WASD is standard. That helped, because it's really, really hard otherwise, but remapping doesn't suddenly make it easy. After re-mapping, the game is now merely playable. With a keyboard, there's a lame issue regarding how to use the Olmec statues. For some brilliant reason, clicking the darn hotspots doesn't work.If you can get past the controls, you'll find a very flavorful if short game. Reviews say that it's like Castlevania, but it really isn't all like that. Unlike Castlevania, it's all about melee combat (no secondary attack) and it has platforming levels. Those parts of it are like Super Meat Boy without the blood. In terms of flavor, it's like that black velvet level from Psychonauts crossed with the Day of the Dead artistic look you've seen from Grim Fandango, though in a modernish cartoon style. So far as the melee combat, it's as if a Super Smash Bros. character was remapped for an the Metroidvania genre, as most special attacks have a simultaneous secondary function for travel or exploration. (If you've ever played the SNES/DS game Kirby Super Star, this might help: Normal attacks are more like that Suplex power Kirby can get than like the controls in a Wrestlemania title. Simple, quick-paced, and an acquired taste.)Fun game. If I were fighting enemies more and the controls less, it would be more fun."
76561197965361589,Recommended,214770,211215,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Psymon²,"Stylish, challenging, fun, brilliant."
,Recommended,214770,8373652,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mattcito,One of the best games I've played in a long time. As good as Metroid and a funny setting as well. Bonus points if you play in Spanish!
,Recommended,214770,8374036,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BizarroZoraK,"Guacamelee perfectly scraches that Metroidvania itch with tons of powerups and items, mind-bending puzzles, cleverly hidden secrets, and plenty of not-so-subtle references to its Nintendo inspirations. The melee combat, while simple at first glance, is also very enjoyable and complex, offering a wide array of satisfying combos and special moves that will make you feel like a super-powered luchadore. The game also features a weird Metroid Prime 2 inspired dimension switching mechanic that actually makes some sense with the ""Dia de Los Muertos"" theme, and it adds yet another layer of depth to the puzzles and the combat. Cómpralo ahora, hombre!"
,Recommended,214770,8295245,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Hetrobob,sadly unplayable as it only supports xbox controllers. Waiting for logitech support......
76561197978284542,Recommended,214770,8296154,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Misogi Kumagawa 球磨川 禊,¡Si Si Si Si Si Si Si Si Si Si Si Si!
,Recommended,214770,8297972,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Crab,Cannot recommend enough. Lucahdors meet Metroid. Love it!
,Recommended,214770,8298655,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,The Brick,Luchadores + Metroidvania = Some ridiculous fun. Also chickens.One of my favourite games this year.
76561198043488471,Recommended,214770,8298921,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Yorioto,"This game is amazing. Smooth controls, gorgeous visuals, a lovely soundtrack and oozing style, including cute references to familiar games. Do not hesitate on this one. It's a big winner."
76561197978483460,Recommended,214770,8300543,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,aykay74,Crisp Gameplay. Really enjoyed this side scrolling platformer. More action based than puzzle.
76561197988037125,Recommended,214770,8430238,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,dodger777,"Vraiment bien, si vous aimez les platformer avec du défit alors ce jeux est pour vous. Ne vous laissez pas décevoir au début. Le jeux commence avec un personnage qui n'a pas de pouvoir spécial. Et au fil du jeux des option se rajoute. Vive la lutte mexicaine :)"
76561198040806476,Recommended,214770,8418348,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HeartWave,"This game is just incredible. Has a nice learning curve, and can get really challenging at times. The characters have life, and there are tons of tiny references to many retro games. The gameplay is awesome, and the game is just all around worth the buy."
,Recommended,214770,8419096,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,andrew.t.fry,Really enjoy this game so far.  The wife likes being a mexican wrestler.  The comedy is pretty good too!
76561198052213741,Recommended,214770,8419182,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Signeus,This game is an amazing side scrolling beat-em'-up platformer that has a nice mexican art style to it. They know exactly what they are going for in this game and they do everything in it so well. They have alot of game references in it too and many puzzles. You can go through the game and beat it without too muhc trouble but if you want a challenge try collecting all the chests and powerups throughout the game. If you try hard enough you can even get the alternate ending. All in all it is a great game in my eyes and I recommend you try it out if you like platformers or puzzling gameplay.
,Recommended,214770,8419646,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Brox || Trev0413,"Okay so if you like the ""metroidvania"" sidescroller genre at all you owe it to yourself to play this one. Not only is it hilariously luchador themed, they drop all kinds of internet and pop-culture humour and puns.The combo-y combat system works very smoothly and just gets more fun the further you get into the story. The game is also local co-op supported which so many games lack today and is a blast. There are moves and costumes to buy and unlock, and did I mention Jonny Bravo workshop skin? Kudos to whoever came up with that.To recap: super fun sidescroller combat-platforming, hilarious throughout, fun unlockables, co-op, Jonny Bravo. Please buy this during the sale!"
,Recommended,214770,8419759,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Psyne,You can wrestle chickens in this game.
,Recommended,214770,11047814,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Chuckowski,"Guacamelee is definitely a fun and enjoyable game, but I still have a hard time recommending it to others. Yes, the artwork is unique, yes, the controls start tight, and yes, there is much to do in the game, but as you progress the game's flaws start to bare themselves openly. For instance, any hit from an enemy knocks you down. ANY hit. That means you see the same falling down animation from either a minion or a boss. That's fine, until you take into consideration that this game is also a platformer, i.e. being attacked while jumping to a floating platform can and will happen. In addition to this, the game likes to throw multiple enemies at you at once, which makes any attempt at advancing in the level frustrating due to a multitude of enemies, floating platforms, and a hero that takes any hit like a basketball player(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKh8Zq6zhRc). Another frustrating element in this game is hit detection. It seems the game will arbitrarily decide if you've hit someone hard enough (even if it's with a special attack) to stop their attack or not. Many times I've blue punched someone straight in their chupicabra face and they still just float there firing flame balls at me. Plus, the game is dodgy when it comes to dodging! Once again, it will arbitrarily decide if you've successfully dodged something, or if it's dodgeable at all. For whatever reason, some attacks you can dodge, then others you can't, then the ones you couldn't now all of a sudden you can... Clearly it annoys me. Combine all of this together and what do you get? An extremely frustrating game. Not necessarily impossible, but not necessarily worth any amount of effort required to put into it, especially when you take into consideration the challenge rooms found later in the game.My gripes aside (there are others, but if you read other reviews I'm sure you'll spot them), if you're not in any way, shape, or form attempting to be a completionist, grab the game. It's fun, unique, and lighthearted. But if you're wanting to master this game, good luck. Many sections will become the bane of your existence as you attempt to collect all the pieces of your mask. Play at your own risk, but most importantly, enjoy the show."
76561197970159474,Recommended,214770,11055021,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,CynicalCoder,Highly recommend. Great metriodvania game. The grab/throw mechanics are fun to play with and make combat interesting.
,Recommended,214770,11055531,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,StewieTheThird,Fan-mother♥♥♥♥in-tastic.
,Recommended,214770,11057005,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Shy the Beef,I love this game. That is all
,Recommended,214770,11057092,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,supaspiffyguy,"This game is so much fun! It really is a sort of homage to Metroid and Castlevania with a nice Luchador feel to it. There is a bit of a learning curve and difficult jumps right at the begining, but nothing too difficult and you'll get hooked pretty quickly.  I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,214770,11067172,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,FreeZing Phoenix,"This game is an homage to the games from my childhood. The whole early 1990's gameplay; look and feel seems to be a fad these days with this whole indie/pixel-art  ""sub-culture."" While I usually tend to skip these games, Gucameelee!'s charm reeled me in and the whole experience simply nails it in my book. The presentation, story, combat, and soundtrack are beyond top notch (especially when you consider it was developed by a team of 10!)However, this whole torturous love/hate relationship that exists in some of the later platforming levels (perhaps a cheap Logitech controller is partly to blame) might turn some people off. Having said that, at $15 full price (and as cheap as $3 on a Steam Sale) it is virtually a no-brainer purchase if you yearn for a good platformer set within a quirky and memorable world as a break from an ocean of modern day Triple A games."
,Recommended,214770,10796332,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rainmaker173,Absolutely must have for every Metroidvania lovers!
,Recommended,214770,10798539,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Raxyael,"Just bough it and I just can't stop playing, one of the best game I've played so far"
,Recommended,214770,10819314,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,VudgeEyeNuh2,SO.... MUCH..... FUNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214770,10819358,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SNES Chalmers,Love this game!! muy caliente hot pocket
,Recommended,214770,10819716,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,theroyalsampler,"Both Metroidvania and Dia de los Muertos are equally rad concepts in my book, so Guacamelee seemed like the game for me when it went on sale. I burned through main quest in the course of an evening (to those disappointed by its ho-hum ending, there is an alternate available to the thorough explorers out there). The game's elegantly simple combat is certainly a lot of fun, its world-switching mechanic is fluid and intuitive, and its brevity means Guacamelee doesn't wear out its welcome.If the title falls short anywhere noticable, it's in its attempts at humor. The merciless string of internet memes reskinned to fit the sugar-skull aesthetic just didn't do it for me. At the same time, Guacamelee takes its references a little too far in places; a cute homage to Super Mario Bros. involving an axe, a bridge, a giant lizard, and some lava is one thing, but completely pinching the statues from Metroid kind of kills the joke.These ultimately amount to minor gripes, as the core gameplay and very pretty art-style make this Metroidvania-in-miniature well worth the $6 and change I paid for it."
,Recommended,214770,10893421,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Alerion Hawke,Tons of fun
,Recommended,214770,10894184,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,crazybunta,"At first glance, the title brought up thoughts of a fighting game...instead it was one of the greatest MetroidVania titles ever crafted.After purchasing many games from this years Steam Sale, Guacamelee holds the number one game spot.  It holds so many homages to older games such as Metroid and Zelda and even more recent games.  What makes this a must buy title is the way that it plays and how the puzzles are great.  Never are you completely baffled by a puzzle.  You have to think a little about how to defeat a boss or get from point a to point b, but at no point did I have to break down and use a hint guide or faq.  The design is nice and clean and the story is nothing spectacular, but you'll want to play through to the end.In the end, I feel awful about not picking this up when it was first released.  I can not recommend this title enough."
76561197963533164,Recommended,214770,11027117,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Badfortune,"Great platformer, especially if you liked games like Super Metroid. The music and visuals are also really well done, overall the game is far more enjoyable than you might expect."
,Recommended,214770,10875754,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[aVa] RicketyCricket,"This game is freaking amazing. Fun gameplay that is challenging and anjoyable, tons of good subtle references, and great visuals and story. Check it out if you haven't already!"
,Recommended,214770,11483546,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Pikasektor,What a ♥♥♥♥ing game. Best platformer I've played in ages.
76561198044508258,Recommended,214770,11556655,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Censored,"Definitely pick up this game if you're a fan of Metroidvania style games. Amazing visuals, fantastic music, fun game play! It's packed with tons of fun pop culture references, too many to list. This game has everything.And if you want to change up the game a little, check out the Steam Workshop for custom skins, some character skins such as Lara Croft, The Punisher, and Bayonetta, just to list a few up, have new custom movesets built for them. More will probably come in the future."
,Not Recommended,214770,11535340,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Orphansmith,"I really wanted to like this game but, ughh... It doesn't really do anything right.It's like, it has some interesting mechanics in there, but nothing people haven't already done before. And then it fails to really inspire upon those mechanics. Like Darksiders if it had clunky and unfun combat. Everything in this game narrates to the player that the developers know video games but can't really make one. Like a chimp in a cape with a white wig and a sword pretending to be Alucard from Castlevania. The game's really cute and charming, but there's no soul there.The grappling is clever, but more than a little wonky. And the game has a habit of throwing lots of tireless and unfun fights at you that don't feel like challenges but busywork. I don't think the developers really played their game when they were making it. That or they're bland robot people covered in salsa, kinda like this game.Also, get ready for every video game trope ever, all at once, forcefully used over and over again. Like ♥♥♥♥♥ putting on a lucha mask and sneaking into your room at night to slap your♥♥♥♥♥with churros. Giggling to itself and masturbating, its hollow eyes reflecting nothing."
,Recommended,214770,11747346,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,demonteeth,Fun.Fun. Fun. Just a good platform game with a good storyline and fun graphics. You can't lose with this one.
,Recommended,214770,9224522,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Kilroy's Silhouette,"An excellent game. Colorful, fun, stylistic, pleasing to the ear. This is a 2D side scroller with metroid style mechanics that all fit together a way a good indie game should."
,Recommended,214770,8461170,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cryosleep,"I love the art style, it's like that old cartoon Samurai Jack in Mexico.  USE A CONTROLLER!  Games controls are very responsive, combat is a blast and it's just a load of fun to play."
76561198071927123,Recommended,214770,11326395,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,HAMM,"I have never really been a platform gamer, until this came into my library. I genuinely enjoyed every minute of  this game."
76561198136357760,Recommended,214770,11329994,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DrunkHen056,"Simple, fantastic and brought back so many childhood memories. Some of the references are fantastic."
,Recommended,214770,10842736,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Skeleton Lenin,"In this game you are a noble Luchadore trying to save the world by punching, kicking and, of course, grappling evil skeletons. Also flying bomb creatures for some reason. I am also fairly certain skeletons don't have four arms, but apparantely aztecish skeletons do, who knew.Good cheap game."
,Recommended,214770,10842878,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,SatanRejectDusk,"I'll be honest when i first looked at this game I thought it would be a waste of time, but this game i recommend to anyone who wants to have some side scrolling fun!. Plus a friend can join in the fun too :D I'd say get it while its still on sale it's worth it"
,Recommended,214770,10845607,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,♥ Ask about the 0 fucks I give ♥,"This was really fun, very refreshing. Fantastic indie game that doesnt take itself too seriously while providing a challenge along with a cool fluid playstyle. Expect to clear the main story arch in 8 hours or so, worth every dollar."
76561197994833182,Recommended,214770,11494581,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,raiderj,"This is an amazing game if you are a fan of the Metroidvania genre. It also has some of the dark/light world shifting that made Outland on 360 such a blast. The fighting sequences can be challenging, but the combo system is very rewarding if you learn it. Platforming elements can be very difficult, but I was able to complete the game to 100%. Highly recommended!"
76561198014362176,Recommended,214770,9872044,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Holla Holla Get $,"It's colorful, charming, and just a joy to play. If you're at all a fan of metroidvania games, or want to get in to one, this is a great game to pick up."
76561197977314259,Recommended,214770,9877055,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,dElAvA,This luchadore romp is a ton of fun. The controls are tight and rewarding.
76561197993155425,Recommended,214770,9959665,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Dangqi (Ed),"The combo-friendly combat of a good action game with the involved platforming of a good platformer. Plenty of great humor, and energetic music. The best action platformer I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,214770,9737772,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Skaijo,"The early part of this game is colorful, charming, and highly enjoyable.  The music is great, the references are quirky and it briskly evolves into a fun and comedic metroid/castlevania with a intricate combat system and satisfying level design with purposeful rooms that teach you more about your repitoire of available actions.  Then just before the final world, it becomes a convuluted version of Super Meat Boy, with an sudden and jarring spike in difficulty, twitch reaction based trial and error sequences, and unforgiving checkpoints.You know, to put it simply, the reason why Super Meat Boy works and this game does not is that SMB's controls only require that you jump at the right place and at the right time.  In Guacamelee, you not only need to jump at the right place and at the right time, but also in the right dimension while dashing, power punching, double jumping, wall running, and goat flying. Logicstically, the puzzles aren't even hard to solve, they're just borderline impossible to execute on the first 20 tries.   As a result, a game that started with the promise of having fun in a colorful world of Mexican towns and countrysides becomes a frustrating excercise of piloting my awkwardly moving avatar from one abstract platform surrounded by sawblades to another abstract platform surrounded by spikes... the sudden twist is alarming and if it's something this studio doesn't realize, or are unwilling to admit, they're next title will be a scary proposition.It's a unnerving choice in game design to lock away the ""best ending"" behind the hardest machinations of the game, and provide a ""regular ending' that so morose and completely unexpected that it clashes with the light-hearted tone established in the other 99% of the the game prior.  When a player doesn't even know that he or she has to collect secret orbs that are well hidden in the game it makes the default ending provide absolutely no pay off for the player's actions up to that point.  ""I know we promised you cake, but here's a dirty boot instead!""  The default ending really destroyed my morale to continue further in the game.  And the ""true"" ending serves as no substantial improvement in resolving the remaining storylines presented in the game.I mean, who was the Guardian of the mask?  Why did the villians have more personality and background than any of the good main characters?  What happened to all of the unresolved story lines: did the devil stay as a chicken?  What happened to the Jaguar Man? Even if we saved the girlfriend in distress is the world of the living/dead still threatened with evil spirits and skeletons? At best we only see a kiss and then the credits roll at the end, as if that solved all of the major world issues.  For the amazing writing and world up to that point, I expected better.What's even worse is that the either ending of the game is wholly irrelevant when considering that the main character can freely travel between the world of the living and the dead.  The sullen ending provided by the default ending is absolutely ludicrous given that if the hero just pressed LB, he'd immediately be in the world of the dead and be reunited with his childhood love interest.No wait, LB makes you dodge, I meant RB.  Wait, what was RB for again... goat run?  Belly flop?  Turn into a chicken?Great music, colorful world, charming casts of antagonists, but ultimately a large mistep in game design puts pressure on the mechanics of Guacamelee turning it from a silly and inspired romp into a frustrating tedious platformer."
76561197979653221,Recommended,214770,9897034,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Bolter,"Guacamelee! is a truly excellent puzzle platformer. The setting and story are engaging, filled with personality and humour, and the gameplay is incredibly addictive. I rarely play through a game in one go, but despite an attempt to put the game down for a while and get some sleep I absolutely had to come back and finish. There are a few frustrating moments, but it's the right kind of frustrating, encouraging you to keep trying until you finally nail that difficult series of jumps or that particularly big fight. For anyone who likes platformers this game is a must-buy. Also it has Luchadores, and Luchadores are awesome."
,Recommended,214770,27993597,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,XYZNafp 雷,"Guacamelee is one of the best games I have ever played! The fighting is simple, yet diverse. The exploring is rewarding and fun, and the whole game is full of humour. It looks fantastic, and the music just adds up to the overall awesomeness. Definitely a must buy."
76561198291539627,Recommended,214770,28252734,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,osoriojuanca,"One of the best games of this genre. well balanced. difficult challenges but not impossible, lots of fun!"
76561198165551405,Recommended,214770,31085967,Posted: 11 April,all,Potato#1,"The downsides of this game almost outweigh the positives. The control outputs are messy, it's imposible to dodge when using a power move, and the game requires robot-like precision to manuever puzzles. That being said, the game delivers when it comes to asthetics and creativity- really memorable as far as platformers go. It's really addictive and if you can manage not ripping your hair throughout the game it's a good one."
76561198152372170,Recommended,214770,26099053,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Shetani,"So I was playing Salt and Sancruary and then decided to take a break with something a little more colourful and light-hearted. This is the story about me desperately trying to love Guacamelee but in the end ragequitting and uninstalling the game altogether just before the last two bosses.I rate it positive because I hope you, whoever you are, are just better than me in platformers of this sort. Probably, I was just not up to the challenge or whatever.I have both the original and Turbo Championship but decided to start from the original to be able to appreciate the improvements of Turbo Championship. If I ever want to play this again, that is.I love the game's artstyle, although the colour-flashing when acquiring a new ability makes me slightly uncomfortable despite having no prior history of seizures or epilepsy. Music doesn't get too repetitive and adds to the overall character of the game. The story is simple but fun, I don't have any particular complaints about any of that stuff.To the juicy parts now. Mechanics. I am fairly experienced with platformers and metroidvanias of different sorts and I'm not even that bad at them. Certainly, not a pro, but not that bad either. But the platforming elemets of Guacamelee made me ragequit more times than with any other game in my whole life. I think, it's because precision of the platforming is not high enough, Even after some time you cannot really estimate whether you'd be able to reach that platform with the double jump or you'd have to use the uppercut. Sometimes you reach a platform and sometimes you don't - even if it is one and the same spot and you perform exactly one and the same jump. I have to admit, I am spoilt by Ori and the Blind Forest that for me has what can be called ideal platforming where you just jump and you know for certain what the outcome will be.The inconsistency of Guacamelee was killing me more than anything else. You can jump and reach the platform just slightly - and the game just pulls you up and you're fine. Another time you most certainly reach it but the game is like NOPE and you go all the way down the Tule Tree. Between-the-worlds mechanic is actually very cool as an idea but combine it with inconsistency and lack of precision - and it's just hell. You have to press every button in a very certain fracture of a second or start again from the bottom. By the way, the hitbox of spikes is ridiculous. I would prefer them to have been drawn bigger to see the danger for sure than to be impaled by their invisible extensions.For the amount of actions that have to be performed in a tight sequence, the game is not very responsive and can ignore your button pushing fairly often. When you have to go like jump-jump again-charge-uppercut to, let's say, reach another platform, be prepared that your uppercut, although pushed correctly, can be just ignored by the game or performed too late. So you have to start again.The sheer amount of my frustration was unfathomable. The first game ever I ragequitted every single time after a short session. I struggled for like 5 hours and decided that since it does not make me happy and it's not fun anymore but a tedious frustrating ordeal where you have to try certain sections over and over again because the game is like 'whatever, this time you didn't reach', I uninstalled it dispite being so close to the end. Then I went on YouTube and watched a playthrough to discover that you can reach the True Ending only if you found every piece of a certain item. Also sacrificed your mental health, your soul and 3 controllers, apparently. Nope, thanks.I wanted to love this game so much but I just couldn't. At the same time I don't want to rate it negative because I think the game has a lot of work put into it and for some people it certainly works the way it's supposed to. Since Steam does not have 'neutral', I'll rate it positive.Good luck with playing. I'm off to play Salt and Sanctuary as something more light-hearted."
,Recommended,214770,10805805,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pudu,"The best, and a great way to get your daily beat 'em up, and is very satisfying to throw your enemies into dragons, then punch the dragon. Absolutely beutiful and a lot of thought put into the platforming. Also, you're a luchadore, wich I like, maily beacause of rayman legends."
,Recommended,214770,31534522,Posted: 3 May,all,lex20,"I really liked this game. It has a very happy, bright, Nintendo-esque vibe which makes it a fun play. The platforming levels were interesting, requiring a combination between fast and precise skills with a bit of thinking. Combat felt very natural and responsive, with awesome moves that you build up as you progress in the game. The storyline was a bit short - not a lot of side-quests - but entertaining. Overall a great game!"
,Recommended,214770,31985473,Posted: 26 May,all,Tyclone,"A metroidvania style beat-em-up game that has everything I love about platformers. There is a combo system if you really want to get good at the game, but simply butting mashing is more than enough to make it through the game. The controls are very fluid and responsive with levels built for you to naturally fly through them. The game is packed with references and easter eggs, and the humor will keep you laughing the entire playthrough. This game is a masterpiece of the genre and a must-play for any fan of metroidvania titles."
,Recommended,214770,7782932,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Alenonimo,"It's a metroidvania with lots of references to memes, other games, etc. You kind of need to be REALLY good with the controls to enjoy it fully though."
,Recommended,214770,7783017,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[GGG]Xienen,"Such a great game! A lot of fun and the right level of challenge for me.  That is to say, it's not one of these super hard platformers that have been coming out recently, but there will definitely be some hard challenges in there for the average gamer."
,Recommended,214770,7786048,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Chrowbaar,"Um excelente jogo no estilo ""metroidvania""."
,Recommended,214770,7690088,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,eliasnake,"Folcklore / Color / Music / and ""Dia de Muertos"""
,Recommended,214770,7579743,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,ff156,"Fantastic action-platformer. The game's focus on melee combat and combos, combined with its inspired art direction, remind me a bit of Viewtiful Joe."
76561198071337278,Recommended,214770,7676101,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,$imon ?uest,"If your a fan of ""Metroid-Vania"" games, this game is a MUST buy for you. With an amazingly captive art style, challenging boss battles and puzzles that will frustrate you all while you smile and love every minute of it. It's a truly charming experience with a good natured sense of humor, from start to finish I have no doubt you'll be in love with this game. Steam workshop adds some interesting costumes which is always a little welcomed fun. 5/5 stars"
76561197993539306,Recommended,214770,7763945,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,8BitBeard,"This game is pure fun. The theme is so strong and drags through the whole game. Tight controls, lovely musik and a remarkable visual style fit together and make one of the best metroidvanias I have played in quite some while. A very nice bonus is the really cool Single-Screen local coop."
,Recommended,214770,7643897,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Dracasis,"A surprisingly good platformer/brawler. The art style is simple but well utilized and worth the price. The humor is great, the abilities are smooth and the combat is engaging. There is local co-op and, while its fun to play with someone else, the second player makes combat nearly trivial while simotaniously creating a major handicap to the platforming aspect. You often have one player pop out (which is smoothly implimented)  during most non-combat areas. A good 4/5 and worth up to $15"
,Recommended,214770,7758094,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Jack of Blades,Like the Legend of Zelda met Shank and had a baby.  Then Nacho Libre met 3 Amigos and they had a baby.  Then those 2 babies met and had Guacamelee.Really fun game.
76561198081872049,Recommended,214770,6992947,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Lord Burger,Viva la Guacamelee!
,Recommended,214770,7612989,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,luenyar,This is a helluva lot of platforming fun!
,Recommended,214770,10807317,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Torment,"One of the best platformers with the metroidvania style of level design. Great soundtrack, great humour, everything is GREAT!"
,Recommended,214770,10810343,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,S T E E Z,"the most fun you can have high, while narrating your life in a horrible mexican accent."
,Recommended,214770,10869223,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ooMIGIToo,"This game is a good looking platformer following the adventures of a farmer turned Luchadore in his quest to save his childhood friend and sweetheart from the evil clutches of Calaca and his army of skeletons. The gameplay is very simple to pick up on. You bash and fight your way to Calaca's while jumping around various obstacles and fighting a variety of mobs. Along the way you learn new skills, complete quests, and find treasure! You can either do this by yourself or invite a friend to tag along and help. Overall the game is pretty straightforward and simple. The 2D art style is simple, yet beautiful, to look at. The story is solid, the gameplay is easy, and the world is abundant with secret places. Very enjoyable game for kids and adults alike. 9/10 Will play again.Christian (A.K.A. ooMIGIToo)If you like this review and enjoy getting news on other video game/electronic stuff, please feel free to give us a like. Just follow the link.https://www.facebook.com/EMTRG"
,Recommended,214770,10869305,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mesimies,"Thanks to Guacamelee, Mexican Hat Song keeps playing in my head around the clock. Other than being short, if not counting  difficulty mode playtroughs, its great."
,Recommended,214770,10936193,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tyr,One of the best platformers on steam right now in my opinion
76561198026941684,Recommended,214770,10937528,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,rodgie05,Makes me want to eat tacos.
76561198027890121,Recommended,214770,10942367,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,RandomNPC,An absolutely amazing metoidvania style game IF you happen to have a controller. Playing with a keyboard just isn't anywhere near as fun. It's funny but overdoes it with the memes a bit. There is even local co-op if you can believe it.
,Recommended,214770,10926598,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Beanie,Honestly a Luchador themed loveletter to many video games!And that combat 10/10!
76561197999501345,Recommended,214770,10686837,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bicycle Pump,"If there was ever a game that I wished was a person, it'd be Guacamelee.Not only is this side-scrolling, metroidvania piece of animated Mexican Folk Art a joy to play - but it's gorgeous as well. It's rare to find a titles with a sense of identity as strong as Guacamelee. Everything from the authentic wrestling to the campy characters is tightly packaged and shoved underneath the same umbrella. It all adds up for a colourful gem of a game which can quickly eat up hours of your time. The fact that much of the humour is Goat Based is a serious bonus.Although not especially difficult, Guacamelee does have some excellent hidden gems. The search for Mask Fragments is fun, rewarding, and challenging. Although no where near Super Meat Boy, or I wanna Be The Guy difficulties there's still challenge to be had. The bit at the tallest point in the game was especially brutal. Satan's Tower of Doom is also a lot of fun if you're looking to immerse yourself in Guacamelee's combat system, or its traversal mechanisms.My biggest complaint is that there's no actual Guacamole in the game. Not even as a health pick-up."
,Recommended,214770,10930802,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Death Dealer,"A fan of side scrolling action adventure games like Metroid or Castlevania? Enjoy beating the crap out of the undead with your bare, burly hands? Enjoy mexican wrestling and chickens? If you like the sound of all that and want a good laugh to top your action off, then look no further then this gem. A truly marvelous example of what a creative crew can do with an idea and a desire to write a love letter to the classics of the past, this is one game that should not be passed up. From a truely fantastic battle system to a lot of very delightfully snuck in pop culture references (we know darn well where those statues are from!), this belongs in any metroidvania collection. Hits the spot like good tequilla!"
76561198048350783,Recommended,214770,10931289,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,gojira,"I love this game. I got it for sale during the summer, but it's worth buying even if it's not on sale."
,Recommended,214770,10931948,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kurezan,"Pretty enjoyable side-scrolling action platformer. Gets repetitive, however. Enjoyable if you have a friend to play it with though, hence the recommendation."
,Recommended,214770,10780989,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chue,"Excellent local co-op game.Ive been playing this with my girlfriend and we´ve had so much fun so far, great local coop and fun game, cool colors and graphics and nice soundtrack. If you like games like Rayman this is your choice!."
,Recommended,214770,10784099,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Smooth Randy,Belly-flopped down a tube as Johnny Bravo in a million year old tree only to land on the soft cushiony dirt at the bottom.23/10
,Recommended,214770,10577072,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,callcollectplz,"A Metroidvania with great combat system and interesting puzzles.  There is lots of replayability and hidden items, definitely worth the purchase to anyone who enjoys the genre."
,Recommended,214770,25326517,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DD_OGB,"IS it good, yes definitely is an enterteining game, the combat is simple but it will take time to master, due that you will eventually obtain new abilities, I have been playing with the keyboard so no sure about how much the difficulty is affect because of it, it worth the price, but remember there is another version I am not sure how different it is but get that one cause brings some new features."
,Recommended,214770,25388001,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Save the Queen,The combo system is kickass
,Recommended,214770,25395005,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bad Mood Jones,Just buy it bro!
76561198054079908,Recommended,214770,25372883,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,RnG,Very fun with a friend
76561198038210384,Recommended,214770,27566772,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CrotchDuster,Now I wan't to become a luchador/chicken
,Recommended,214770,33466969,Posted: 11 July,all,Lazarus,"This game is great. It is rare nowadays that I finish a game, but I finished this. This is a fun journey from start to finish, has the perfect length for my taste, a cute little story, gorgeous artwork and I love the mexican theme and how well they implemented mexican culture. Honestly, the game was pretty brutal at times and occasionally I would be super frustrated with some of the encounters and boss fights (might just be me being bad though). Still, it is really satisfying to overcome these challenges. Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,214770,33302718,Posted: 5 July,all,True.Jek,"A very enjoyable platformer, the main quest is friendly with all kinds of players from all levels. That being said, beware the sidequests; some of them are a pain in the butt. It's filled with classic gaming references, which are awesome, the humor is good and the mexican-luchador theme is fun.tl;dr If you like metroidvanias, you NEED to have this in your collection. It's better when you play co-op :)"
,Recommended,214770,7693686,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Exuro,I don't normally 100% games but this one was too fun not to. If you enjoy metroivania titles you'll enjoy this. The combat and exploration was the highlight of this title for me and I also enjoyed the peculiar setting as well.
76561198091247551,Recommended,214770,18436507,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Sleepgamer,"Fun and challenging game.With the infierno levels and the well-hidden items, this game still enjoyable even after finished.Highly recommended game!"
,Recommended,214770,18358310,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ixo,"This game really surprised me, I was not expecting something quite this great. It takes elements  from various classics such as Zelda, Mario and beat-em  ups of yore. Here's some things I really liked or disliked.Things I liked:+The music and art style is captivating. -- This game has a style that is somehow familiar yet completely it's own. The music and art work very well together and are sure to cement this as an unforgettable combination in your mind.+The platforming is often brilliant, always fun. -- There are some really genius elements in the platforming in this game. I've not personally experienced anything quite like it. Some rooms consider a bit of thinking, but it's nothing too intense. There are also additional levels of challenge that are optional for those who want a more full experience.+ This game is corny and humorous. -- This game has personality and has a charm that will keep you entertained. The game also pays homage to it's roots and knows it's fan-base. It has plenty of easter eggs that pertain to it's inspirations, which will only add more flavor and appeal to those that like this kind of game.+Same screen Multiplayer! -- The multiplayer is actually really good and having a second player can really enhance your survivability. The functionalities of a second player are also very fluid, there are no disadvantages to bringing a friend.What I didn't like:-No online multiplayer is a little bit of a drag, but I have no other down sides.I really have to recommend this to everyone. This is a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,214770,18453551,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Slashley,"Simple is good: it's a 10/10 metroidvania game. If that's a genre you enjoy, then this is certainly a good game."
,Recommended,214770,11466396,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Hat,"you take the good you take the bad you put it in a taco shell no problem, burrito"
,Recommended,214770,2704181,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,L'Spectacular Seffylocks,"This game is freaking awesome, plain and simple. It features metroid-style dungeon-exploring, except instead of bullets you fight with punches and shoryukens. Also, you can turn into a chicken."
76561198289621099,Recommended,214770,23247539,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,BastionYhwach,Tons of fun
76561198274263199,Recommended,214770,23723680,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kaddywompers,"This game is awesome! A bombastic, colorful, tight brawling experience. The hard mode has the perfect balance of difficulty and satisfaction. Have fun kids"
,Recommended,214770,23670225,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,potamia apoel,"Currently enjoying this fun little game. Fun storyline, fun dialog, fun easter eggs, fun gameplay. What more could you want?"
,Recommended,214770,23699921,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,BOT Loader,"I pirated this game a while ago and recently bought it for real so don't judge by playtime, but this game is superb. Excellent metroidvania with melee fighting mechanics (as one can guess from the title). I haven't tried super turbo but hey at least this version is on Mac..."
76561198001053552,Recommended,214770,23676951,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,curliot,"Played through this one in a few days and had a good time. Those who know smash bros will easily get along with the fighting style which includes massive movement.The metroidvania-like backtracking is quite limited and not needed to complete the story if i remember correctly.The secret passages often include some tricky platforming and fighting challenges which some people consinder too unfair to enjoy. On the other hand, some challenges are just complicated mazes and I did not feel bad looking up the right way, as this has nothing to do with enjoyable gameplay imo.The ending is a bit anticlimatic and the story as a whole is quite underwhelming, but that's not what should keep you playing.All in all it is a great platformer, spiced with some neat close combat fighting passages. Replayability is limited though."
,Recommended,214770,23575925,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,reds needs meds,it's ok
,Recommended,214770,23594533,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Arstgratia,"Great soundtrack, great story plot, and artistic concept! Love this game.The game is not just about hack n slash/beat em all, you have to use your brain too. Those motoric neurons, you have to work with, also must be prepared to some challenging mini games."
,Recommended,214770,3884336,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,morrritz,"Really god Metreoidvania-type game. Fun, challenging platforming,great combat, nice visuals and superb controls..."
76561198107997808,Recommended,214770,23942872,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,X The Eliminator,"If you think about it, this game is a lot like Dark Souls. They both have amazing gameplay and stupid enemies that can kill you over and over and over again.10/10 would die while fighting a cat lady again"
76561198040387935,Recommended,214770,24008848,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sloopz,"Awesome, funny and really close to the Wrestling Mexican culture!"
,Recommended,214770,24060828,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Paco4Nicholas,"An absolutely amazing platformer with great level design, easy to learn controls and gorgeous graphics, all accompanied by a great soundtrack. The only problem I had was with controlling directions with a keyboard, but with a controller it's perfectly fine.Super Turbo Championship Edition is exactly the same as this game but with a new feature called Intenso (or something like that) that makes you extra strong, besides that you get less achievements. I would recommend you get the 'Guacamelee! Complete' pack as it's only $2 or so more dollars (When on sale)."
,Recommended,214770,24083200,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ms. Hit Hit,"This game is a whole lot of fun, the graphics are amazing, I really enjoy the luchador style and the music is nice to listen to, although sometimes it can be a bit repetitive. Some of the platforming was challening  which was good, but I enjoyed the story and the side quests."
,Recommended,214770,24072255,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SemuzaBoi,"An old school beat-em-up, on the lines of  Shank  . Generally i don't expect much from these games , except that  they provide mindless fun while i wait for my pals to turn up for Dota2 :) . As many gaming publications have noted earlier, the game borrows heavily from Mexican folklore which was a nice deviation , if you are like me you will immediately hit Wikipedia on the various mythological figures you will encounter during your run of the game !Better  yet ,the game supports local multiplayer .  Grab a friend and a controller and you are good to go !Currently it is 66% off  , Grab it ASAP . No regrets !PROS :* No nonsense game-play* Lots of hidden collectibles* Not so punishing difficulty.* Excellent art direction.CONS :* Relatively short* Online multiplayer would have been nice !"
,Recommended,214770,22843095,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,lazaruf,"Love this game so much! amazing soundtrack too, but not enough story to keep me playing. Also love the custom skins on the workshop as well as mustiplayer story mode, unlike other games which only allow multiplayer in side games and not the main game."
76561198037328214,Not Recommended,214770,22650374,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KerokeroCola,"Guacamelee! is advertised as a member of the ""Metroidvania"" genre, which is largely what drove me to it. It draws on some of the key features of its heritage (accumulation of abilities which open paths and expose secrets) while departing from others (extended exploration, moody atmosphere, isolation). The story, while basic, is overbearing (compared to ancestors of the genre); there are a lot of monologues and cutscenes that probably aren't necessary––they're largely used for jokes. Icons like Super Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night give broad goals (reach Evil Guy X at the end) and let you work out everything inbetween. Guacamelee! repeatedly says ""go here on the map"" with small rewards for deviating. But this is a hallmark of modern games, largely.Like other reviewers have said, this is more of a brawler-platformer. It will appeal to fans of that type of game. The platforming becomes grueling at times, especially if you're using a keyboard. Don't believe other reviews that say it's unplayable with a keyboard; you'll just have to take a break every 45 minutes when your tendons start to hurt.This is a weak Metroidvania title but a decent brawler-platformer. If you, like me, are/were expecting the former, you're liable to be disappointed."
76561198265318834,Recommended,214770,22649674,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,HurinChild,"Take all the stereotypes about Mexico, a good gameplay with a very good combat system, an excellent graphic with an extraordinary soundtrack, mix them together and you will have Guacamelee!!VIVA EL MEXICO!"
76561198136402423,Recommended,214770,13416124,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Shootemalf,"One have a good time playing guacamelee. I recommend it to platform fans and particuraly to those that enjoyed games such as Wonderboy the dragons Trap, Kid Chameleon, Metroid, Castlevania Synphony of the night, etc.. By the way, I don't like the term metroidvania, because the mastersystem owners, know that the Dragon's Trap was produced before."
,Recommended,214770,21014295,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,andyabud,Excellent game! Absolutely loved it!Is the developers team related to Metroid series?
76561197974419619,Not Recommended,214770,21067770,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,hkirtchev,"BEWARE: Guacamelee should be labeled as ""REQUIRES CONTROLLER"" on Steam. Do not buy this game if you intend to play using mouse and keyboard unless you were born with extra fingers or like to include your toes in your gameplay.During the area Tule Tree, right after you get the double jump move, the game becomes physically impossible to play with a mouse and keyboard.The game does not recognize multi button mice, so I resorted to the following mapping:LMB - attackRMB - specialWASD - directionsShift - grabAlt - rollSpace - jumpQ - ""change worlds""E - ""chicken mode""Here is an example of a jumping puzzle which is plain impossible with keyboard and mouse - you have to roll through a hedge, hold the roll to avoid damage, as you are falling down a precipice double jump, then execute an uppercut and grab the wall. This translates to:direction + roll + hold rolljumpdirection + jumpup + RMB + hold graball within less than 1 second. Anothe example - you are between two walls, one has spikes, the other doesn't and the distance between the walls is wide. You have to bounce between walls and ""change worlds"" while in the air to move the spikes from one wall to the other. This translates to (assuming starting on a left wall):hold grabjump + right + jump + change world + grabIf the distance between the two walls is too wide, you may have to thrown in an uppercut which transpates to:hold grabjump + right + jump + change world + up + RMB + graball in half a second.Nope, thank you very much."
,Recommended,214770,8398137,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kcmk4,"Great Metroidvania graphically stylized beat em up action game! Has a sweet Dia de los Muertos vibe that comes along with the whole, you know, luchadore thing. Good combat and move upgrades. I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,214770,8398736,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,stawnkald,"Hey, you! Yes you! You might want to purchase and play this game, lest you get headbutted by a goat."
,Recommended,214770,8401975,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Medice,Very entertaining platformer.
76561198071338618,Recommended,214770,8352627,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,hitsugia118,"oh my god this game is so amazing, it really has metroid and castlevania aspects and i love it, get it. get it now."
,Recommended,214770,8352737,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,jazix,"Short, couple of difficult parts, but overall very fun."
76561198045609697,Recommended,214770,8352967,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sven Lopez,Is da bes. I reccomend it to mexican people.
76561198014785755,Recommended,214770,8353195,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cracklin' Oats,"beautiful visuals, addicting combat, soothing soundtrack; an all around fun game!"
76561198036158157,Recommended,214770,8353615,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ollivander_1,Amazing old school metroidvania game. Play it enough said.
,Recommended,214770,8353733,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mikedx,"This is a style of game like Super Metroid, wherein new abilities acquired steadily throughout allow the player to access paths that are initially blocked. Said abilities are useful in both movement and combat. Like a punch that propels the player quickly forward, used to thump butts OR reach difficult areas.Many a pop culture reference can be found, along with chuckle-worthy dialog throughout the three to five-hour campaign. Hidden or optional areas not necessary to ""beat"" the game provide the greatest challenge in terms of combat and/or platforming.All in all a good time. Five stars, relative to it being an indie download type of game. Olé!"
,Recommended,214770,8353845,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Infinite Spookiness,"I haven't even completed this yet and it is sweet as hell.Like seriously it is awesome.If you like metroidvanias and sweet aesthetics then this would be great for you.If not well it is really cheap and on a flash sale right this moment so I guess there's your excuse.I know this review will become obsolete soon but in the future presumably it'll be on sale again, and that time the people who are on the fence will finally know the truth of lucha libre."
76561198069193986,Recommended,214770,8354075,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Powdered milk man,Great game its like they took Mucha Lucha and mixed in mario and veutiful joe.The music is great I am up to the mountain area just beat the fire boss.Only part is the boss fights havent been hard so far but very fun when you combo lots of mobs. Deff a buy at such a low price :D. I might just get another copy to send it to one of my friends.Pros-Great music-Silent hero-lots of fun jumping-Get to kill chupacabras-Chicken formcons-easy bosses so far
,Recommended,214770,8356219,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,kefkakrazy,"HOLY CRAP GUYS. GUYS.This is a metroidvania-style game. That is, semi-open world mostly blocked by things that you can get past later when you come back with new abilities.Also, you are a GREAT HERO who fights evil with the power of WRESTLING. YOU ARE A LUCHADOR.The art style is endearing, the writing does what it needs to do, and there are almost as many sight gags, injokes about culture (Mexican, pop, and gaming, all at the same time!) as there are bad guys to punch.There are a lot of bad guys to punch."
,Recommended,214770,8356420,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tu Padrino,"One of the best Metroidvainias, this game is amazing. BUY IT"
,Recommended,214770,8356728,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ffrinch,"Wonderful Mexican-themed Metroidvania game with great hand-to-hand combat and occasionally diabolical platforming (generally easy other than the secret levels required to unlock the orbs).The comparison to Metroid is not a token one -- the Metroid references are so explicit as to leave no doubt that it is a deliberate homage. It's packed with other easter eggs, too, including references to Zelda, Megaman, and a hidden message in the language of Fez.It's gorgeous (both audio and video) and perfectly polished. There are so many little touches that it's clear the game was a labour of love; my favourite part is probably the appropriate chicken-form for each costume.Easily one of the best platformers ever made."
76561197971074435,Recommended,214770,8356968,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dchi,Fun game!  Love the artwork and the outrageousness makes it even more enjoyable!
,Recommended,214770,8356999,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,fiveeyes,"Worth your time, sort of. Overall the game is a lot of fun, but too often the game just goes a little too far. Reaches too much for a joke, makes a puzzle just a little too annoying, or makes a fight just a little too hard. And then there's the aweful final boss fight, Rock Paper Shotgun's take on that is spot on."
,Recommended,214770,8357138,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Maxscape7,R.I.P. in peace keyboard
76561197996095116,Recommended,214770,8357253,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Strider,Awesome sidescrolling adventure. With enough easter eggs to fill willy wonkas chocolate facotry. This game is chalk full of other game references and nockoff memes. Deff a good one to pick up.
,Recommended,214770,8358188,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TastyWhale,"Very fun.  It is gamer/nerd/internet denzien culturally aware.  Many references to memes, other games, and tropes.  The playstyle is a mix of platformer and brawler (simple combos, mostly), with a bit of metroidvania exploration and ability gathering.The story is unusually funny and feels original.  I'm enjoying (almost) every minute of it.  the parts I'm not are mostly just due to my inability to play brawlers or anything with a combo system.http://www.tastywhale.com/2013/12/27/guacamelee-short-review/"
,Recommended,214770,8358191,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nathorus,"Got this during the Steam winter sale. It is suprisingly my most favorite purchase so far. If your a fan of any metroid or castlevania type games then this game will be up your alley. Theres lot of other pop culture and video game references to be found in the game as you venture forth to rescue your childhood friend. You fight enemies by using lucador attacks and combos. The higher the combo, the more gold you will fetch which is needed to purchase upgrades or can even be used to purchase alternative costumes. Did I also mention there is local 2 player co-op? Online co-op is really the only thing this game is missing. 4/5"
,Recommended,214770,8358669,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,LinkRoxas,Such an astounding game! Never had this much fun since Bastion. I love it how they put some Nintendo elements in there like Metroid and Mario! Don't let anyone fool you by NOT getting this game! Worth every penny. The combo attacks are very impressive and you can do so much! Never tried co-op yet so I'm guessing it will double the fun. If you're 'picky' about the graphics in this game will please don't bother. The artstyle enough is eyecandy and you will most def. pause just to see whats around. The soundtrack is quite good and worth every penny (get it if you enjoy video games tunes). JUST PLAY THE GAME AND ENJOY IT YOURSELF NOW!!!
,Recommended,214770,8358847,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mox Ruby,"Imagine Super Metroid, but instead of a woman in a power armor suit, Samus is now a luchadore wrestler. Who can fly. Now season liberally with gorgeous art, fantastic music, a healthy dash of jumping puzzles, and stir well. That's Guacamelee.Now go buy it."
76561198046494877,Recommended,214770,8359130,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kiloshifter,"After two days of owning this game, I beat it and got the special bonus ending that requires going through the most difficult platforming challenges of the game. I loved every moment of it. I suggest you pick this one up. Can't wait to try hard mode."
76561198000874214,Recommended,214770,8359364,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,› Fuzzmosis,"Ole. Ole ole, ole ole.Though this game has nothing to do with Soccer."
,Recommended,214770,8359629,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,marcubus,Punch stuff. Good fun.
,Recommended,214770,8359678,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mental,"This game is really great.  Vibrant Day of the Dead themed ""Metroidvania"" with a fantastic combat system."
76561198077391301,Recommended,214770,8363152,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,thomas.dereals,"I was looking for an indie game that would run smoothly on my laptop, and would be playable wired up to my television. I wanted a good platformer to play with a friend in coop mode, and boy, did I get one.Guacamelee is both extremely fun and extremely challenging, the campaign is pretty long, we couldn't finish it through in close to 10 hours. It gets both the fight system and the platform sections perfectly balanced, though it is at times pretty f'ing hard.I strongly recommend playing it with a friend, the coop is nearly flawless. And if you're into the latino folklore, don't think twice: it's probably worth it's original price, but you shouldn't wait for the christmas sales to end. Enjoy."
,Recommended,214770,8304247,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,inmostlight,"An amazingly fun and funny Metroidvania game, with creative levels and bosses and a beautiful art style."
76561198042580280,Recommended,214770,8305148,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aeneas909,"Ridiculously  fun platformer infused with pop culture references, great combat controls, and an amazing soundtrack. Guacamelee is a good time."
,Recommended,214770,8305207,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ЩĄ | Killer7,"Awesome game that combines many sequences and moments of many retro classic videogames such as Mario bros, Super Metroid(just to name a few) with a simple and fun combo system. Solid gameplay(plays flawlessly with a game pad), great characters, music and story designs. Must buy!!!"
,Recommended,214770,8306550,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Roflcopter,This game is awesome. Buy it now.
76561197960530521,Recommended,214770,28702170,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,<=MP=>Hunterooo,"Guacamelee! - if you like metroidvania games, you wll love it. The game combines great gameplay mechanics with a very good humor and cool graphics and sound. The mixture is just mindblowing and you'll find yourself playing this game far beyond your intended time. You will constantly learn new tricks and abilities and improve your skills. This will keep you motivated through the whole game and you will be surprised how complex this game can be when you become a fully skilled lucharor.Short version: An outstanding metroidvania platformer with great humor and amazing fighting mechanics. Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,214770,28697000,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,UnMarciano,"Great platformerThis is a great game, very fun, and sometimes challenging.I like all the mexican folklore and the references to other games."
76561198013692599,Recommended,214770,27505895,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Suga the Savage,That's pretty good *insert idups here*
,Recommended,214770,27225120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sarklor,"The best sounding name of any game, ever. Go on, say it.Guacamelee.*Guacamelee*It's a bloody good platformy, metroidvania, beat-em-up too, slick and beautiful.And you can turn into a chicken.There is literally nothing bad to say about this game."
,Recommended,214770,29002367,Posted: 4 January,all,Zyxrox,The remaster one is better
,Recommended,214770,24146924,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Feeeelx1,"It's a good game, however if you plan on buying this for local coop I don't recommend this. There's a power to go from one dimension to another that really makes it impossible to play coop later in the game.Otherwise, good game"
,Recommended,214770,29170967,Posted: 10 January,all,Mozai,"Deserves the description ""metroidvania.""  Lovely art and music, rewards backtracking without making it a grind."
,Recommended,214770,30104406,Posted: 22 February,all,archdeco,The multicolored shields at the end were pretty dumb but then you get to suplex meteors so all is forgiven.
,Recommended,214770,29873771,Posted: 12 February,all,Paulmeister,"Why haven't i gotten this game earlier?Awesome music, graphics, story and gameplay! This game is guacin' perfect!"
76561198077636229,Recommended,214770,34573084,Posted: 29 August,all,mobsterETO[TH],-Combat and puzzle are super fun.-The story is enjoyable.-The art style is beautiful and represents a lot of Mexican culture.-Co-op Multiplayer is pretty fun too.I'm so in love with this game!
,Recommended,214770,34979109,Posted: 15 September,all,Ernie,Love the Hell out of this game. Good Coop and a good beat em up style.
,Recommended,214770,35186639,Posted: 24 September,all,derekcorrea,Fun and challenging at the same time.
