user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,214870,13891898,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Monsieur-Owly,Painkiller Hell & Damnation is a good exemple of not what to do in an HD remake :1. Rewrite the whole story so it could reach Necrovision's mediocrity.2. Cut the original campaign in half and turn the lenghty acts into short one.3. Remove some bosses from the original and replace them by lot of mini-bosses.4. Replace Lucifer (the last boss) by a boring and annoying Grim Reaper.5. Sell the game for 20 bucks and sell all the missing maps with DLC.Conclusion:Do not buy Painkiller. You're better buying painkillers at the drug store.I felt lot of pain playing this game and now I regret it because I have no medication to relief the pain...Rating:5.5
,Not Recommended,214870,32128742,Posted: 2 June,all,Warlord Yagamy,Maybe it can be a good purchase in a sale. But they sell this game as an updated version of the original when the base game only has some of the levels of the original (some of them remade) and the rest of them are sold separately as DLC. That is just disgusting and unacceptable.
76561198069920512,Not Recommended,214870,8101859,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Bertie Dastard,"In 2004, Painkiller rocked the FPS world with it's Serious Sam-esque action in a Doom like atmosphere, complimented with face-melting metal music. But the rule of cool can only carry you so far, and subsequent expansions and sequels either failed to match the spirit of the original or just didn't deliver anything we hadn't seen before. Unfortunately, Hell and Damnation is just another such title. It doesn't even know if it wants to be a reboot or a sequel, and the vaunted new graphics aren't even anything to write home about in this day and age.Campaign mode is woefully short, should only take you the best part of a day or two unless you invest in any of the DLC, which only serves to bulk the game up to what it should have been in the first place. There's also apparently a multiplayer mode featuring all the usual modes like Capture the Flag. Is it any good? Does anybody besides me even play this anymore?The best any Painkiller veteran can hope for playing through this expecting the old buzz will be a feeling of mostly ""... meh."" I feel like returning to the wife I've come to despise whenever I get sucked back into this grasping on to that hope. Granted, maybe this will attract a newer generation to the series in time for the next installment, Painkiller: Oh Bloody Hell, Give It a RestAnything else? Um, there's a moth in here with me."
76561198039762930,Recommended,214870,12513417,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Starless Aeon,"Painkiller Hell and Damnation is an ""Arena"" style FPS game, it's a fantastic game full of beautiful environments and great visual effects, it's a dark game series by nature, it only has a few flaws, yes there are ALOT of DLC content for this game but it adds different aspects with each one.It really does have a lacking storyline though, Death points you where to go, you kill. meet up with random female by chance, kill more. If you want a FPS game with a badass soundtrack, hundreds of enemies, a huge arsenal of guns(some of which would be considered a warcrime if used today) Also the game is open for users to mod and create content for it."
,Recommended,214870,16954598,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Painkiller Hell & Damnation was made by Farm 51 and released in 2012. It's a remaster/remake of original Painkiller, Hell & Damnation stand for HD. A funny one at that - story-wise it's a sequel, gameplay-wise it's remake. Usually it opposite. It doesn't have so many single-player levels, quite few, developers payed more attention to multiplayer part instead. But hey, even such remake is great when the only things that Painkiller was getting for few years were awful expansion packs.Technically, it's fine enough. As fine as Unreal 3 Engine allows. Loading time is good. Performance is good. Has nice amount of video options. Aside from having issue on my laptop where game will stutter more and more the longer it runs. But that's laptops for you.Multiplayer is where developers payed more attention. There is a bunch of competive games. Even more, there is a survival mode for up to 8 players. And even better, you can play campaign with a friend. Coop mode is something always wanted in Painkiller Black Edition. So it's awesome even if it's 2-players only. So it all should give you a reason to buy this game despite owning Black Edition.But community is dead. I see absolutely no servers online. So, I am afraid, multiplayer part isn't actual anymore. Well, competive part. Can always drag friend into coop.Story follows Daniel after events of main game. Like, many ages after that. Or unknown time, but Eve isn't queen anymore. And it's all in the past. Well, I guess we can take it that all expansion packs after Overdose weren't canon. Daniel still travels around purgatory with no big reason, until he meets Death, who demands 7000 souls. Don't worry, this game is not sequel to Painkiller Redemption which had 1000 monsers per level, you don't actually have to do that in a game.And well, you will see few cutscenes after that. And in these cutscenes you will be wondering why everybody is being so dumb. Actions don't make sense around motivations. Let's forget about it already.So, what we are left with is a single-player portion of remake. Well, let's do numbers. This game has 9 main campaign levels plus 4 campaign boss levels. Plus it has one bonus level Factory. Plus 3 thematic small bonus levels. And you can get Christmas Trainstation bonus level DLC for free. And it also has two more bonus levels Labs and City on Water in ""DLC Levels"" for free, which makes no sense. So simple game purchase gets you 20 levels or so. But Black Edition had over 30 unique ones. So it's still feels like mini-version.But if you care about DLC, then it should bring number close to Black Edition, also having some unique ones, like top-down DLC levels. I probably should be complaining about DLC milking, but damn, whole Painkiller Complete Pack goes on big sales sometimes where it becomes totally worth it.And to be honest, I wish they wouldn't be afraid to remix levels to bring their own strenght. The way that levels in the game work, they are usually accurate with few lacking details. Like, it doesn't show off physics as much. But sometimes it also gives small improvements. Like, the lamp in Opera House doesn't crash down, which was impressive in Black Edition. But it has witches rocking on scene.Sometimes it's clear improvement, both in graphics and small details. Trainstation is one of them. Small scene, additional types of enemies. Better looking. The train section itself even changed geometry slightly to allow monsters to chase you more effeciently, instead of using freaking stairs everytime you change spot in Black Edition.And sometimes it's more on lacking side. Take orphanage as example. While outside it's slightly changed and even teases you at upcoming boss, which is nice detail seen few times in a game, once you get inside, it's pretty much copy-pasted geometry from original. Unreal 3 doesn't help to enhance noticeably. Actually, lighting feels a little off there, with overly bright flashlight and not enough darkness. And there is no small detail like a toy ball bouncing down the stairs. The different end of the map is nice in theory but ended up awkward on practise, due to not exactly knowing what to do next.I didn't try DLC yet though, maybe they did it better there.Gameplay-wide it pretty much stayed the same. Almost. This time around the hero drags along 8 weapons. 5 original and 2 from Battle Out Of Hell. And there is new additional Soulcatcher weapon, which shoots group-clearing saws and can catch soul and can even make enemies join your side, becoming powered-up as well. I will never get tired of watching fights between enemies in FPS games, really. And it helps to pull souls too. Not to mention that it's awesome to see leg of shielded crusader get cut out with a saw.Yes, if there is one clear improvement then it got to be gore. Things still go flying from shotgun blasts. But this time you may also see a hand fly somewhere else, while the main body hits the wall and leaves blood all over it. So yes, it's quite satificatory if what you want from games is violence and guts.Though it lacks some enemies, like those stereotypical ""Woaaah!"" bikers. But also brings new ones along. Mostly reusage of errr fat meat cutter. And those fast skeletons. Spooky. And it dares to use kids from Orphanage in other levels as well, which I don't approve so much.Bosses stay pretty much same. Only feel easier. Mini-bosses are mostly cut down, in most cases replaced by group of mini-boss from the first level. But hey, at least those stupid ""puzzle"" bosses were cut too, save for one in Orphanage.Balance pretty much stayes the same. Just small details. Like, stake gun can kill the flying undead with helmet in Cathedral from one shot, which I approve. Yet the gun that shoots 5 stakes feels worse than stakegun, somehow. Especially at distance. All while Battle Out Of Hell would tell you that it's sniper's dream.In all honesty, gunplay here feels like having a bunch of toys. You just pick few favourites and stick to them. Because they all do fine. And there is a lot of ammo. So the game doesn't force you to switch guns much, you don't have to think about that. Which makes combat feel more repetetive. I, for one, completely forgot of existance of Shotgun and Stakegun. Well, okay, at least you can say that those two aren't as useful as others. Or I will forget about other weapons. Yea, too much.Difficult is slightly different. The Normal was harder than Black Edition, it didn't forgive as much. But the whole gameplay didn't force too different approach for each sitatuion, so it also felt easier in repetiveness. Doesn't help that some bosses may end up being dumb.On another good side, I loved tarot cards approach in this game more. This part is just more fun. Objectives are easier and don't require as much of grinding, so you can do some while concentrating on beating level. Like, sawing limbs of 50 enemies. It's not like ""something bonus that hardcore people do after beating game and never use again due to beating game"". Though, another small difference, is that HD doesn't open all doors in a level once exit appears. So, those who want to find secrets should do it during main gameplay. I even cared about souls more, due to powering up Soulcatcher with them and since you can drag them with this weapon.But new music isn't all that good.And they say that this game was made by developers to see if community still cares about Painkiller or not. And focused on multiplayer more than singleplayer, which is mistake, looking at it now. And well, judging by all DLCes, it probably was a success, hopefully we will get sequel soon. At very least it reminded people that Painkiller franchise wasn't always a terrible joke.If you wanted Coop with friend in Painkiller levels then you should pick it complete. It doesn't exactly reach Black Edition otherwise. Took few levels, but not always the best ones. Doesn't remix much. Still good game though."
,Not Recommended,214870,7757080,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Velcrosasquatch™,Go with Black EditionMore levels and less DLC BS
,Not Recommended,214870,24993110,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,neonimpulse,"Painkiller Hell & Damnation (which i'll call Painkiller HD) is the HD remake of the classic Painkiller game from 2004. The classic game was well-known for its great arcadey arena fps action combined with completely over-the-top weapons along with a massive besitairy to complement it. It was is a game that I found really fun, despite its' simplicity.Now onto the HD remake, I've finished the entire game, but do not have all the tarot cardsThe core gameplay is pretty much the same as the original; bunnyhop around arena after arena destroying everything that moves with ludicrous over-the-top weapons, except in the glory of Unreal Engine 3.There are a couple of things I'd like to point out that were good:- Compared to the original, the graphics are a great upgrade and make the levels look a whole lot better.- New soul-leecher weapon thing is pretty slick, definitely a good addition- Gameplay is still solid and fun, especially with the bunnyhopping mechanic- Two-Cards are avaliable to get per level, so it's easier to get some of the Tarot cards- 2 player splitscreen co-op is available, although you need a gamepad for the other player- Music is the same as the original, although some new tracks have been added- The hitboxes of the enemies have been fixed, so that the 3rd fire mode of the painkiller actually works.- Performance is great. Runs ultra easily on an FX-8350 and a R9-270XSome issues:- The story can get stuffed, it's worse than the original's one (and that was dreadful).- Subjective nitpick, but some of the enemies/spawns have changed or no longer exist.- The order that the levels are played in have been changed a bit.However, the most glaring issue with this game is its' content, because it doesn't have all of the orignal levels in the standard version of the game. I wouldn't really call it a remake if a lot of the original stuff is missing. However, the devs/publisher decided to exploit this by making the remaining levels DLC, which is just a silly way to ruin an otherwise decent enough game.So yes the game is enjoyable in every aspect that the orignal was, but it is significantly shorter because of the cut content, and thus the players that have played the original to death (including myself) will definitely feel ripped off that the devs would sell the cut content as DLC. If you want to experience some of the original game in UE3 glory, relish in that Painkiller feeling once again or perhaps play split-screen co-op, then give this game a shot (preferably on sale), but don't bother getting the rest of the DLC cut levels, because its just a massive rip off and destroys an otherwise competent remake."
,Recommended,214870,12663775,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,DazeHeart,"This game is absolutely worth the price if you enjoyed the original. Ignore the other reviews, seriously. Let me break it down easily for you:LEVELS:There's less levels, yes. But the included ones are EXTREMELY pretty. Everything was touched up, but not much has changed, except for a few surprises on some of the maps :)The game is better to buy if you are going to get the dlc's, which add the other maps and a few new ones that actually live up to the painkiller style! (nazi bunker and coastal level).They also made changes on dlc versions of other old levels, such as new areas for the Asylum and cool changes to Snowy bridge.I REALLY enjoyed this and it was so SO satisfying to see these amazing levels in full HD. It didn't feel as nice playing painkiller in the original graphics as the years went by. It DID get dated, it's still a classic.. but Nordic Games has done a terrific job.CO-OP:This was not as fun or functional on release, but after the mega-patch it's functional and FUN. You now CAN unlock tarot cards on your playthrough with your friend, so playing trauma together on a playthrough is exciting and fun, and progression can happen.SURVIVAL: These are GREAT challenge levels brought into the game. Even for veterans. Some of the difficulties are quite hard even for good players and it's fun to see how well you can do. It's fun!STORY: Sub-par unfortunately. It IS a (maybe?) canonical sequel, but the concept is kind of crappy and the voice-acting for Eve is bad (you can hear her microphone buzzing a tiny bit). But Painkiller doesn't need too much story!CONCLUSION: This is a lovely game if you buy the DLC's. I dunno about Heavens Above because it's some gimmicky 3rd person mode but I imagine it might be fun too. The rest is spectacular. <3"
,Recommended,214870,10830075,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"This is a very strange product. Although Painkiller (2012) bills itself as a remake of Painkiller (2004) and its Battle Out of Hell expansion, the action is set after the 2004 game. Losing his girlfriend in a car accident, David blasted his way through Hell in order to see her again only to be denied this mercy. At the start of Painkiller Hell and Damnation, Death approaches David and offers him a deal: collect 7,000 souls and he will deliver Catherine. This doesn’t make a whole lot of sense in context because even though the story is set after the events of the first game, David ends up replaying through the same levels as the 2004 game. It even goes as far as to reuse old cutscenes while adding new pieces of dialog. Again, it’s all very weird.Looking beyond the bizarre recycling of old content, Painkiller Hell and Damnation is a callback to a bygone era of run and gun first person shooters that didn’t require too much extraneous thought to enjoy. Using a unique collection of weapons, you’ll destroy demons in areas throughout Hell and Purgatory that resemble war torn areas in history. Thought it has its faults, Painkiller is a fun enough shooter provided that you haven’t already played it.Those familiar with the original game will find that the core design hasn’t changed: large, open stages are broken down into smaller pockets of action in which David must destroy groups of enemies before crossing through a checkpoint to the next area. To combat the hell hordes, David calls upon a host of savage weaponry including a double barreled shotgun, the eponymous Painkiller, a stake gun, rocket launcher and a gun that fires ninja stars.Completing levels usually requires David to defeat all monsters in the stage while others see him taking on large bosses before advancing.Apart from weapons, what makes the gameplay unique is the Tarot Card system. Upon fulfilling special level parameters, David is reward with a Tarot Card that will grant short term game altering effects that can be called upon during battle. Up to four cards can be equipped and it is in the player’s best interest to come up with a card combination that offers the best effects.After finishing the main campaign, there isn’t much to do afterwards. A co-op mode is available for two players but doesn’t offer anything new outside of the solo campaign. There’s also a multiplayer but I never had a chance to try them because no one is playing.Right from the beginning, it is clear that the primary focus for Painkiller Hell and Damnation was to make it look as pretty as possible by updating the graphics to the new modern standard. While it is no Crysis, comparing the the original with the remake does show off a significant visual jump. Rather than simply up-rez the textures like most HD-ified games this year, it looks as if Farm 51 rebuilt the textures from the ground up. In-game enemies benefit the most from the redesign as their identifiable details make them all the more frightening and the lightning makes for some dazzling moments. The levels themselves are are hit and miss with some areas.Painkiller is fun largely because of its simplicity, a design that had been popularized after the incredible success of titles like Doom and Serious Sam. It’s not perfect, however, and the noticeable offender is poor enemy AI. The monsters really don’t pose much of a challenge as they make a bee line for your position with little regard for the hail of bullets/stakes/lightning being thrown in their direction. As such, there’s very little strategy involved in combat as battles are won by simply holding down the fire button and strafing left and right.Painkiller’s dialog and voice work should be brought to notice simply because of how bad it is. The actor they got to spout out David’s lines sounds as if he were attempting to imitate Max Payne with hilarious results. It’s hard to tell whether or not the game is trying to take itself seriously because of the unintentional comedy and B-movie trappings.Painkiller Hell and Damnation is just as fun as the original game if not a bit quaint. Updated visuals and a new weapon might be an easy sell but the barren multiplayer and co-op landscape don’t add a whole lot of value to the overall product. Best to just wait for the inevitable Steam sale and pick the game up on the cheap."
,Not Recommended,214870,22989729,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ᄃЯӨMIGПӨП,"It's a 'lite' version of the original game and it's expansion. A ton of levels were cut out, repackaged as DLC (and it's still not all of them there). The 'cutscenes' aren't the same as the original, in fact somehow made worse. Samael was changed from his angelic hotness to a generic Grim Reaper image, the English dialogue sounds like an amateur school play, and Eve looks way too mannish.Functionally, it's a game. The guns work the way they're supposed to, feels good grinding up baddies with the Painkiller staff or pinning them to walls with the Stake Gun. The mob sizes are just as ridiculous, the secrets are as esoteric to get to.Someone mentioned this feels more like a ""fanfic"" version of the game, and I agree. Feels like the devs of this version thought they could do it better, and ruined a big chunk of it trying to. Either that or Nordic Games, trying to cash in on all the assets they bought off the corpses of THQ and JoWood, rushed this POS out the door and chopped it up along the way, hoping to milk more money out of the older fans. In either case, this is a bad buy, 'HD' or not.Save yourself lots of DLC money and go buy Painkiller Black Edition. Get it from GOG, it's a better deal with all the extras."
,Recommended,214870,18654945,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Madame Écureuil,"How does one evaluate a game in a series that never tried to be anything more than a solid frag playground? This game is supposed to be a remake/sequel to the franchise-starter Painkiller: Black Edition. However, the way the levels are structured are completely different. A good portion of the old levels from PK Black Edition make their return, but with some changes, and in a completely different order. Another thing different is that each level is very much a self-contained experienced as opposed to a part of a whole chapter like the original game was. While this makes re-doing a level to get the card unlocks much less of a chore, this comes at the price of sacrificing weapon pacing. One thing troubling is that while this game has 5 levels more than the original Black Edition of the game, a big part of the game is locked behind several DLC pieces, which, in order to get the full experience for single player, you'll need to pay out $57.94 for the base game and 3 pieces of DLC worth $6.99-9.99 in price each. Without any of the DLC, you'll only have access to the 13 levels of the main campaign (Barely over half the size of the original game's campaign.) and 7 extra bonus levels, 2 of which are holiday-themed remakes of campaign levels, and 2 of which are short gimmicky levels.So why am I recommending the game if the base game is anaemic compared to the original? Well for one, the Single-Player DLC are just that good. Showing that The Farm 51 really learned a lot about level design since they released the base game. They are all well-designed frag-playgrounds with plenty of enemy variety and lots of things to shoot. The remake/sequel offers at least 3 more new weapons over the original, all of which are very satisfying and fun to use. Most noteably, the Soul Catcher, allows players to catch souls, and use them to power a possession shot. Creating a small group to do the work for you is really fun and amusing, especially in large extended waves where you're constantly fed a supply of souls and minions. It also fires a power sawblade shot which is just as useful to use as any other weapon. Not only that, the Heavens Above DLC, offers a nice change of pace by providing 5 extra levels where you can frag through levels like a top-down twinstick shooter.Overall, I would say that if it weren't for the awful price-gouging DLC set up, I would recommend it much more fully as this is the first real worthy successor to the original game. Look out for the next Nordic Games sale, or a bundle that includes this game + DLC to pick it up. You will have a good time."
76561198089052394,Not Recommended,214870,34654673,Posted: 1 September,all,JD Herrera,"Painkiller Hell & Damnation		* 6/10Want some straight shooting to take down hordes without thinking too much? Here you go!INTRO. What is Painkiller Hell & Damnation about?You are Daniel. You are dead and so is your wife. You are in hell, she's in heaven. You Make a deal with the devil to go to Heaven. The deal consists in killing lots of demons in hell. Go and Shoot. Simple and almost unnecessary, but as I said, who needs a story if you're here just to shoot down everything that moves?GRAPHIC. Engine And Artistic aspects.Developed With Unreal Engine, but v.3. It's getting a bit old and it can be noticed by the enemy models. Considering this is a remaster it is quite a delusion, but not too much considering I didn't have high expectation considering the age of the game. Anyways, levels have a good variety of design, from catacombs, train stations, castles, swamps, theaters and even a circus. The quality of the levels are not constant, but most of them are quite inspired (especially the circus).Speaking of which, seems like this remaster includes only part of the original levels, something that can be easily recognized by cutscenes which show characters out of nowhere (not to mention if you played the original one it's easy to notice).SOUNDTRACK. Themes and Accompaniments.Music is just badass Heavy Metal music (instrumental) by a band Named Ojo Rojo. It suits the frenzy and the rhythm of the game, but if it isn't your genre you might end up hating the game itself.GAMEPLAY. How does it work?It's an FPS where you shoot everything it moves. The scheme is simple, you get to an area, then comes a horde. Move to the next area. Repeat until the giant boss. Simple. What's so special? Not much actually: after you collect x souls from the enemies (which act as +1 health too) you will enter in demon mode, which consists in a limited time god mode with one shot-one kill ability. There are some ""tarots"" that you will almost randomly receive and gives some minor advantage.This is the kind of game that gets funnier if played in coop which is possible, by the way, but at certain conditions...LAST NOTES. What doesn't work?... Horde maps are the only ones that can be played in coop with up to 4 players. The Single player campaing only allows 2 players. And this is not pointed in the game's description in the store page. Not to mention that the existence of a 4 pack is extremely misleading. I actually bought Painkiller to play it in coop with 2 friends but seems like we bought something that can't be enjoyed by all of us.Another thing, I had the continuous feeling that weapons are kind of weak and unbalanced, since the very beginning of the game until the end.Considering all the points I give 6 out of 10 jsut because it 's a game that still can be enjoyed. As long as you are fully aware of its limits. Considering I wasn't and the short life of the game I don't recommend it.TL;DR. Pros And Cons+++PROs+++THOUGHTLESS.You want something to shoot around without thinking too much? You have your game.---CONs---CHOPPED REMASTER.This game is supposed to be a remaster of the original Painkiller but it doesn't have all the levels the original had, some sequences are cut and the engine doesn't look improved that much.ALMOST NO COOP.They sell a 4 pack that can't be enjoyed through the SP campaign, as the limit is 2 players (nonsense). You can play up to 4 players only in horde mode.I played this game on this machine:Intel Core i7-497016Gb RAM DDR3GeForce GTX 660Windows 10 Professional x64"
76561198285190086,Not Recommended,214870,32161769,Posted: 3 June,all,gintararai,"Its same Painkiler only has half levels, and story goes after firstone pk finished. Wheres military base lvl? and giant, wielding hammer boss ?"
,Not Recommended,214870,10717141,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Uncle Remus,"Be warned. This is not a remake.When it was in Pre-Order state, I've expected it to be an HD version of the good old Painkiller (the first). Naturally, I got excited.  What it is exactly, is a compilation of SOME of the original's levels with an even worse, blury graphics. You could say that it's just a point of view, but it really was positioned as a remake. We were'nt told for sure, the only way to know was to count the amount of levels.This game's existance feels like a scam attempt.It's  a dissapointment, graphics got less appealing, the story is different, half of the original's levels is missing (some you could buy as DLC's, you know, to throw out some more dosh). This is the worst way I've spend money on Steam. And I buy stuff in TF2."
,Recommended,214870,33127702,Posted: 2 July,all,Davy Crockett,"It's a Painkiller game, straight forward hophop and pewpew arena shooter. The gameplay is smooth, graphics are enjoyable and moderately high quality without causing an impact to FPS. The sole issue with this installment of Painkiller is the absolutely awful cutscenes between every level. The voice-acting is stiff, beyond stiff even, viagra would have provided a softer tone. The characters are completely devoid of emotion, with the main character constantly sounding like he's doing his best Duke Nukem impression. It completely ruins any player immersion present every single level.Gameplay is great, skip the cutscenes."
,Not Recommended,214870,34386319,Posted: 20 August,all,Zhnigo,"- Half the levels are missing- Enemy spawn is unbalanced, resulting in a thin line of enemies slowly trickling towards you, making the encounters longer and more boring- New weapon is unbalanced and unsatisfying- Sub-objectives are poorly thought out- The worst part: the graphical upgrade is negligible, but comes with a heavy performance hit. Keep in mind that the original PK supports widescreen and full hd and runs smoothly on modern systems while looking nearly the same and having more features."
,Recommended,214870,10258525,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Rotted Body Landslide,you kill enough skeletons to give a hip replacement to every senior citizen in the northern hemisphere. A masterpiece of our time
,Recommended,214870,12719459,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Woom OS,"Holy f*** this is the best shooter I've ever played. I haven't had this much fun playing a video game since ever, is this what old school FPS games were like? Because I have no idea why that's ever changed.Played for about 45 minutes, non stop, jaw dropped, bought the complete edition and I am god damn impressed with how amazing this game is.If you ever thought FPS games were boring, this is the game that will prove you wrong."
,Not Recommended,214870,21678216,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,AllWheelDie,"A laughably horrible remake of one of the most underrated shooters of all time. Missing 3/4 of the original levels and the only real selling point of the game was the coop, but sadly the coop is completely bugged and unplayable halfway through the game. I don't even like the shiny new graphics. This game has been officially uninstalled from my computer, and I gladly went back and reinstalled Painkiller Black Edition. Trust me, don't waste your time with this one."
76561198129236672,Not Recommended,214870,22618109,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Marcinos1985,"A bitter disappointmentI am a fan of Painkiller franchise (esp. early ones) and was really positive towards 'Hell&Damnation'. Unfortunately, I got hit by a truck with a big DISAPPOINTMENT logo on it. Don't get me wrong, it isn't a bad game at all. But comparing to its precedessor, it is just ... poor. Many of original levels are cut out and sold as DLC, which feels like a robbery. Only changes are to graphic and some enemies, you also get a 'new old' weapon from PK: Overdose. I understand that's a remake, but it just doesn't feel right. In my opinion, it's better to buy Black Edition and have twice as much fun. You only lose achievements and some graphic overhaul, but more (and good) levels more than compensate it."
,Recommended,214870,23918955,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,daddy32,Poor man's DooM.
76561197995787580,Not Recommended,214870,17422564,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,WhatHazHeeHaad?,"Purchasing this on a whim with the added benefit of 80% off, I feel like I was let-down by a series I've enjoyed in the past.The first Painkiller and it's expansion Battle out of Hell were great exercises in classic FPS, wave-based destruction, that were as rewarding as they were simple. The plot was irrelevant, the levels looked great, and the variety in weapons and enemies made the game an enjoyable alternative to most contemporary first-person action.Ignoring the DLC, this game has about a dozen levels with the bonus one's included. The updated graphics for the environments, effects, and enemies are excellent and the best part about this game.The reptitive enemies (that is to say, the lack of variety) and limited missiosn destroy this game. Without the DLC you're essentially purchasing a stripped-down variant of the original game with a few levels from Battle out of Hell incorporated.  Co-op support is one highlight marred by the aformetnioned lack of level choice.Having ponied up the $9 for all the DLC and buying a four-pack for $11, I can say the price is about right for what still amounts to a waste of potential.Nit-picking details include: Changing the enemy sounds for reasons?? Rehashing the same enemy types again and again as oppossed to the unique encounters in almost every level in the original duo, nixing the Hell level from the original game (Personal Favorite) and finally adding only a single entry into the weapons arsenal.TLDR: If you pay more than $10 for this you've been had."
,Not Recommended,214870,18034909,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,2Joe,"Don't. The base game is missing half of the stages(The later stages being turned into DLC and those stages were changed heavily by either making them longer for no reason or what enemies appear in it), the game is way easier than the original, the netcode is ♥♥♥♥ing trash(The original had a short lived pro scene and even then the multiplayer was one of the best parts about it), the game is unoptimized(I've seen people with high end PC have the game crash on them even on low settings) and everything now has♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of bloom and shine which doesn't fit the gothic theme. The original is a fantastic arena FPS that had great level, enemy and weapon design and still looks really good today and is also way cheaper."
,Not Recommended,214870,1384993,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,[ScrN]PooSH,"""Great remake of original game. If you're fan of original Painkiller, you must play this.Sad that it doesn’t include my favorite PK levels as Town and Asylum, but from the other side, it doesn’t include huge boring maps like Military Base and Docks either.I miss painkiller-jumps too.""^ that was my review a year ago. Sorry, my bad. I was wrong.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Unless you are a milking cow with a udder full of do$h that will blow up unless you get milked by a companies like this.Nordic Games told (read - lied) us that they had no time to remake all original maps, so they had released what was ready back then and promised to make other maps later. And they did... but released them as DLCs! In packs 7EUR per 3 maps each! So if you want [almost] all original PK:Gold maps (and still not all of them are available yet), you need to pay the price of AAA games.I was waiting for sales, hoping to get 75%-90% discount on DLCs, to acquire those for a reasonable price of a couple of euros. And you know what? Summer sales passed, same as Halloween and XMas. But still no significant discount was made, not a single day-deal or a community vote option. You know what - screw them!Buy Painkiller: Gold/Black Editioninstead. It is cheap, contains all levels and has better movement physics. Yes, graphics are outdated, but it still looks nice... at least for me. But take in mind that my gaming experience starts with NES, so visual aspect isn't crucial for me."
76561197984252749,Not Recommended,214870,28436075,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Noob,"Better off getting the originals or black editions. Majority of the levels have been removed on the remake for some weird reason. $20 would be too much for this half-made remake.Collision detection isn't quite polish as there are some odd clipping areas. The remake is mostly just retexture of the originals with added few stuffs. No improvement to the AI. They will just keep running towards you and often get stuck due to poor pathing. Multiplayer is a grave yard, so it's mostly a single player experience."
,Not Recommended,214870,18727691,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TØXIN,"This remake sucks. It may have great graphics, but the gameplay sucks compared to the original. The co-op experience is ruined by stupid annoyingly overpowered skeletons that spawn from the foes you have killed from using your weapons you get. If you use the green soul sucker gun (my appologies, don't know the  name of the weapon), then those skeletons won't spawn. This game basically punishes you from using the weapons that are satisfying to use... What the ♥♥♥♥?!I am also not a fan of the level design. The flow of the levels are idiotic. You go to one room, get locked in, battle enemies, then... you have to backtrack out of that room, then into a completely seperate room... What the ♥♥♥♥ is the point of going into that first room? Also, this version lacks some of the levels from Painkiller Black.The only good that comes from this game is killing lots and lots of enemies Serious Sam style and the soundtrack... but this version takes that and adds flaw upon flaw.Stick with Painkiller Black, not this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214870,10682534,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LevaOpaki,Nice remake: 8/10
,Not Recommended,214870,28246266,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ALEX_MORA,"The game was cut in half, you can spend a few time with you friends, but actaully is some kind of boring and short, if you want the entire game you need to buy all by dlcs, not recommended, go to the black if you want the entire game."
76561198025489159,Recommended,214870,12430490,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Primo,"Painkiller Hell & Damnation is nothing like the original. I would often forget I was playing a Painkiller game and think it was Serious Sam, hence no story line just masses of enemies waiting to get blown to pieces. As a fps run and gun its quite entertaining and fun. The sound tracks are good, and the graphics quit appealing. So if your looking for mindless carnage with a heavy metal score this is the game for you."
,Recommended,214870,15326140,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Qraus,Hell never was so fun.....
,Recommended,214870,10255497,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,larrybeo,"This is a great game at an amazing price. The achievements and unlocks add replayability, and the graphics are intense. The boss scenes are unmatched."
,Not Recommended,214870,12333395,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ACPaco,"If you have any nostalgia for the original Painkiller you are going to hate this 4-hour abortion. It could have just been an HD remake and that would have been awesome. Instead they slapped on this bizarre new story and crowbarred in cutscenes that made me cringe. The worst tried to halfheartedly humanize the demon hordes you're almost constantly mowing down by showing them going about mundane routines, like a witch pushing a recycling cart and a Nazi corpse and BDSM gimp hugging it out on a park bench, just before you show up and apparently RUIN EVERYTHING! Game balance and flow is messed up by a dumb mechanic in which If you don't collect killed enemies' souls fast enough, they turn into skeletons that are harder to kill than the original enemies they came from. The Tarot cards are worthless. Levels from the original were reworked liberally, sometimes in awful directions. Some of the best like the WW2-themed one and pretty much the whole final act, including that amazing boss fight in Hell, have vanished and been replaced with hot garbage. As a final insult, the ending cutscene actually gives a nod to probably the worst of the sequels. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,214870,32330261,Posted: 10 June,all,aninsaneostrich,"If you do not have enough money for DOOM, or your hardware isn't good enough, this is a fantastic substitute.This game was made in the time when reloading wasn't heard of, nor was the land speed record, as you have no need to reload, and you run faster than Speedy Gonzales on a cocaine and caffeine bender, especially when bunny hoppingthis game has a few interesting weapons, some not so much, but here are the interesting ones:-There is a gun that shoots shurikens and lightening-A shotgun, but it can also fire freezing capsules-A burst rifle that also has a flame thrower-A spinning, launchable blade, so you can reenact the lawnmower scene from Dead Alive-A gun that fires saw blades and can posess enemies (though it takes 6 kills with it, and it wears off)-A gun that fires half a god-damn tree and a grenade-A gun that fires 5 trees (ten halves) and ten grenadesAll of them have secondary attacks, bound to right click, but some have combos, like the spinning blade can launch the blade, if you hold left click and hit right click, but it only works on the torse, the sawblade launcher can possess enemies by holding right click, and hitting left.They all have stupidly edgy names, like ""painkiller"" or ""ripper"", things a 5 year old would find cool.The plot and boss battles are complete jarate, the bosses are either really confusing, or have multiple forms, then you have to do some wierd crap, like shoot the statues electrifying it, or shoot the bubbles around it, though most are just spray into it until it dies. the plot is hideously forgetabble.TL;DR: Guns and Gameplay - good, Plot and bosses - Bad."
76561198043825146,Recommended,214870,19132700,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,sanc.[TH],"This is a nice remaster for original painkiller. Don't want to say it's great one, because I saw DLC and the game is quite short (Well they selected some level from the original and Battle out of hell altogether). However, gameplay is still the same. Kill everything. ​I would say the movement is not fast (you can't sprint like Serious Sam 3 or Doom) but still you are able to do bunny-hopping. Varieties of weapons. No reloading. Boss fight are still good as original (Even they switch the level order). Background music is, well you know this is gonna be heavy metal. They composed some new tracks which is nice, still Heavy Metal.But this, from my pov, ""done right"" in implementing Unreal Engine 3. (not the same as some reboot game that use the same engine... and full of irrelevant puzzle, jumping platforms, and full of bugs).+ Exactly the same gameplay as original.+ Heavy Metal soundtrack+ Play like Call of Duty, you're dead.+ No recoil+ No health regeneration.+ No shield generator.+ More than two weapon slot.+ Secrets.* Duke Nukem voice actor* Meh story- Too short- DLCPersonally, grab it when it's on sales. But if you like Doom, Quake, Serious Sam. This is a good choice for you."
76561198077025018,Recommended,214870,13818384,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"A reimagining of the first two Painkiller titles: Painkiller & Painkiller: Battle Out of Hell.With it being reimagined by a whole new company, you can imagine it feels quite different.It doesn't.It feels exactly the same as the last Painkiller.YUS.That being said there are some differences in the campaign, some levels are mixed around and new ones added.But this one comes with A LOT of DLC. A lot of NEW and FRESH DLC for Painkiller lovers.Like me.12/10 - Always recommending."
,Recommended,214870,14780636,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Thanadrax💜,"Game of my childhoodI don't have to describe why I like it, all what I can say is that this HD version of painkiller is really, really, really awesome so far.Also don't forget to check out DLCs, they're REALLY worth it!But it has some ""-"" :XI really don't knowwhy they replaced satan's fight with angel of death's fight"
,Recommended,214870,30678538,Posted: 22 March,all,25th_Gamer,"Painkiller Hell & DamnationDESCRIPTIONHeaven's Hitman is Back... With a Vengeance[/b1]Evil has returned! Demonic powers are manifesting themselves as a myriad of dark creatures, fighting over the fates of imprisoned souls caught in Purgatory.Once again, it is up to Daniel Garner, in the unenviable position of being the Curse of Darkness and the Toy of Light, to fight his way past hordes of demons and fiends.Questions remain… “Can he stop the powerful creatures that stand in his way? Will he ever leave the hell of Purgatory and be reunited with his wife Catherine?”Painkiller Hell & Damnation is a fast-paced, thrilling modern remake of an all-action shooter Classic!PROS+It is a very good Time killer+Splitscreen I just fair and Not that bad+Classic levels in High Definition+Nice Graphics+Community WorkshopCONS-controller support is bad-some classic levels are not included-DLC is Expensive for it's contentRATING:7.5/10"
76561198017149637,Recommended,214870,30429324,Posted: 10 March,all,caner326,"This game is amazing, truley a masterpiece of a game. Its basic setup is that of a classic run and gun shooter, but with its own uniqe style. First you might notice that this is one of many painkiller games and in my opinion, the best. It feels really polished compared to the others in the franchise. Its graphics are amazing and there are several diferent guns that are each fired 2-3 diferent ways. Hordes of enemies complimented by thrilling bosses. this game is truley to DIE for"
76561198045567969,Not Recommended,214870,29196589,Posted: 11 January,all,Hottu Doggu,"Half of the original sold for higher than what you can buy the first painkiller for now. In addition to that there's a DLC business model taken from EA's book. The game is poorly optimized. Drops frames heavily from 60 to sub-30 on a  PC with top-of-the-line components. The game itself is fun and while it isn't expensive, it's price isn't justifed given the fact that more gameplay can be found in the original for a fraction of the price if you're not too stuck up about visual quality. The new weapon added is hardly an insentive to grit your teeth through the problems. It's primary firing mode functions much like the stake gun with a secondary firing mode with a vague and useless effect. Multiplayer is dead so cross that off your list of reasons to consider this title.Overall, not worth your time or money. The original is held in high regard for a reason and for a pocket-full of change it's worth the buy over this remaster."
,Recommended,214870,19245060,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ElectricHellKnight,"Painkiller can best be described as a flawed series. The original Painkiller game remains fun to this day and the sequel, Painkiller Overdose, is, although not quite as good as the original, still quite fun. Unfortunately, after Overdose, the series took a dramatic downfall with one lackluster game after another. Each of these were, although officially endorsed, technically fan-made expansions that continued to milk the original game engine well past its due.Hell and Damnation should, for all intents and purposes, be considered the next true Painkiller game after Overdose. The series makes a triumphant return in this exciting and fast-paced romp through purgatory.Is Painkiller Hell & Damnation a sequel? A remake? Well it is sort of both. While the story progression in its relationship to the first game is... foggy... that does not keep you from enjoying it. As a remake, many of the original Painkiller levels are back and better-looking than ever, models and textures are all redone in gruesome HD glory. As a sequel, many bold new levels are presented. These all feel nicely done and stay true to the Painkiller style, unlike the levels of many Painkiller sequels.As gameplay goes, well there is plenty to love. If you like your games fast, violent, and loud, then you will surely not be disappointed here. the weapons all feel powerful and all serve their own purpose. No one weapon is truly 'better' than another, and you will find yourself using each of them in specific situations. The enemies are all unique, and you will learn that although this is a fast shooter that revolves around your reflexes, 'shooting it until it dies' is not always the best strategy for dealing with every foe.On the negative side, this game is disappointingly short. I managed to beat the main campaign in only four hours on the ""Nightmare"" difficulty on my first playthrough, and I was hardly rushing. This is definitely one of those games where if you do not buy the DLC (which adds about twice as many levels) you will feel like you don't have the whole game. This is disappointing, but hardly the end of the world. Besides, although story-wise there is no replay value in the campaign, gameplay-wise there is plenty, and a given level will not stop being fun just because you've done it once.To conclude, Painkiller Hell & Damnation is a game I absolutely recommend. I would also recommend the original Painkiller, it's expansion (Battle out of Hell), and Painkiller Overdose, but advise that you ignore the others in the series. If you like Doom, Wolfenstein, Serious Sam, Duke Nukem, or any other old school fast-paced FPS games, then you will like this one."
,Recommended,214870,15188527,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Can I see your pokemon?,Fun as hell and epic
,Not Recommended,214870,12295422,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,NathanielHurtlocka,Don't bother. Has only a few of the levels from the original with other ones sold as DLC. Graphics kind of look prettier but the levels have subtle changes from the original that kind of ruin the flow. Just get Painkiller: Black and ignore the rest.
,Recommended,214870,16854494,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Hikumi,"Disclaimer: I didnotplay the original Painkiller which the other reviews are saying that this game is a remake of, so my review is based solely on evaluating this game as a first installment copy.I actually play quite a lot of FPS, but to be honest, I'm not really a fan of having survival horror as a sub-genre. These things scare me. Well, usually, anyway. However, this game was a little different for me. I don't mind a FPS where you get to shoot and kill anything that moves,a laSerious Sam style.Stats you didn't know about this game:Longest key held down - WMost repeatedly pressed key - SpacebarNumber of mouse clicks - over 9,000How to play this game like MLG pro:-collect ammo and power-ups like Mario collects his coins.-aim every shot like you're sniping in any FPS game-keep moving. They see you rolling, they hating...666/10"
76561198062260489,Recommended,214870,24400981,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TorturedPossum,"This is my first foray into the Painkiller games.  Must say, I started playing it on a whim and loved it wholly.  Extremely fun.  Simple and fun.  Some of the battles are quite challenging and I really enjoy the level design.  It harkens back to the early days when a shooter was just that..a shooter.  Don't get your hopes up for a stirring narrative, just kill kill kill. Fun."
76561197972608514,Recommended,214870,10759005,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,extensive,I love this series.  It is definately an old school FPS.  If you want to mindlessly strafe and jump around maps killing hordes of enemies this is your game!
,Not Recommended,214870,29955374,Posted: 15 February,all,tremendous mastiff,"For players unfamiliar with PK, I'm gonna keep it short and simple since it's been 13 years. It's a fast-paced old-school FPS, akin to Doom or Serious Sam. You take on the role of Daniel Garner, a man who is trying to reunite with his wife Catherine after suffering a fatal car accident. Your beloved wife ends up in Heaven, but you're stuck in a Purgatory that's  undergoing an invasion plotted by Lucifer and his army. So you're on a mission to take out the lord of Hell's generals (and eventually himself) while blasting away his minions to a heavy metal soundtrack.Hell and Damnation is essentially an HD ""remake"" of the original game, which follows the storyline I just described. It is technically a sequel, because it branches off of the original game's ""bad"" ending, but you play through the same levels again. Well, some of them.So if you've never played H&D but you're familiar with the original, is it worth getting its high definition counterpart?......No, it isn't.Keep in mind that this review is mostly intended for fans of the original. I'm gonna be making A LOT of comparisons with it. If you're new to the series, you've just read that H&D isn't worth it. So just get the Black Edition.The graphics may be fantastic and the nostalgia might be there for long-time Painkiller fans like me, but this game suffers primarily because it's a cesspool for glitches. More often than not, monsters will get stuck on the map and you'll have to find them yourself. You might think you can just use the compass to navigate your way to them. But most of the time, they're inside parts that are almost unreachable without skilled bunnyhopping. It's especially frustrating when you're trying to obtain a Black Tarot on a level you must beat under a time limit. Moreover, the developers just so happened to take away the most memorable levels from the original game such as the Asylum and the Military Base. What's that? Oh, they're in the game?Yes, they are. If you can afford almost $50 worth of DLC. Let that sink in for a moment.Fortunately, the gameplay is still fun and the soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥just like in the original (but WHY did they have to remove the Loony Park battle theme). All of the levels are still diverse and unique in their own terms. The enhanced graphics make the environments look amazing (I mean, Jesus Christ. Look at the remade Oriental Castle). But if you're familiar with the original PK, you'll find that a lot of key features are missing and/or tweaked in H&D. The checkpoints do not ""heartbeat"" when you're close to them, Painkiller-jumping is impossible, enemies are not visible through walls in Demon Morph mode, there's no autosave feature (might be wrong but I swear it was not in the keyboard config menu) and the Stake Gun's arc is a straight line that loses its height exponentially after travelling some distance. These are just to name a few, but the game suffers from these problems because it forces us to take some time to adjust to these changes. I would've preferred if some of these changes were simply identical to their original mechanics. Other than that, the ported levels have slightly new layouts and some secrets and enemy placements are a little different, but I have little to no complaints about these.There's also more multiplayer game modes, a coop mission, and survival, but since I haven't tried these yet, I won't make my judgments yet.Overall, I do not recommend this game to PK fans OR PK newbies, but the game does have its moments and like I said, very nostalgic. Do note that I did not play this game to find flaws; the ones I listed stuck out to me the most as a long-time fan of the series. You can still find some enjoyment out of H&D ignoring all of its flaws, but expect to encounter some frustrating moments at the same time."
,Recommended,214870,25215463,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wade Wilson,"True, the final boss suks,, but still it is fun game ... Still better than latest Call Of Duty640 / 666"
76561198058418777,Not Recommended,214870,23300320,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Death Cog Unit,"Crashing bugfest. The newer graphics are not worth it at all, the original looks better in some places.Go get Black Edition."
,Recommended,214870,24245641,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,lupedupe,"Very good game. Playing coop with it is a blast, even splitscreen with controllers. I recommend getting and all it's dlc in bundle, because it is cointains a ♥♥♥♥♥on of content.The guns feel amazing and overall it is a very solid game, fun to play with friends blasting skeletons heads with shotguns.9/10 overall"
,Recommended,214870,956636,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Raptor,"Достойное возвращение старичка в современной обертке и улетным кооперативом. Игра продолжает традицию всей серии - мясной геймплей с сюжетом по зачистке Чистилища, простите за каламбур - места откуда попадают либо в ад либо в рай после смерти. Несмотря на заявленный римейк, игра является сюжетным продолжением, но с похождением по всем уровням оригинала (Black box), где ГГ - Дэниелу предстоит победить на сей раз Смерть и официально встретиться, блждь, с самим Белиалом. Игра начинается сразу после ""освобождения"" Евы, при этом разработчики учитывают каноничными только Black box и мой любимый Overdose, отбрасывая весь сор, который был выпущен фанатами и выдан даже в продажу, впрочем уровень в Искуплении со сражением с обезображенной и демонической Евой в Соборе с ордами демонами можно только взять за канон т.к. в ""Аде и Проклятии"" разъяснений не будет и мы возвращаемся в самое начаоло - на кладбище.К сожалению отличную франшизу на удивление никто на данный момент не развивает, планировался Пейнкиллер 2, но судьба его на данный момент такова:Чешская студия Mindware должна были делать полноценный сиквел к игре: после Cold War и Overdose майндваровцы были на хорошем счету у правообладателей франшизы (тогда еще Dreamcatcher) и им уже в 2007-м хотели поручить разработку сиквела. Под всё это дело хотели выделить весьма большие деньги, и в Майндваре сильно воспряли духом и надеялись, что в Чехии наконец-то появится свой настоящий ААА-блокбастер, и локальная индустрия вылезет из задницы.Painkiller 2 вступил в стадию препродакшена. Сюжет должен был основываться на ""Божественной Комедии"" Данте Алигьери — протагонисты двух предыдущих частей, Дэниель и Белиал, спускаются по девяти кругам Ада, где в конце концов должны сразиться с Сатаной. К слову, местную ""Беатриче"" должен был заменить никто иной, как Иуда (продавший Христа за 30 сребреников, если кто не знает). Ну или по крайней мере так планировалось.НО разработчиков ждал полный облом... Dreamcatcher, переживавшая и без того неважные времена, была с потрохами куплена JoWood. Финансирование проекта остановили. Начались кадровые перестановки в издательстве и в самой студии разработки. Проще говоря, Майндваров кинули на бабки; Джовуд решили, что нет смысла тратить деньги и легче повторить схему Овердоза — то бишь заказать ""сиквел"" группе фанатов, которые с радостью будут работать за 15 монгольских тугриков и еду. Что было дальше — история уже известная: появился Резурекшон, а Майндвары, несолоно хлебавши, решили собрать хоть что-то из уже имевшихся на тот момент ресурсов и сделать малобюджетный Dreamkiller, который вообще ни о чём и не связан с ПК... Так и завершилась судьба Painkiller 2.Спасибо ресурсу PKRC.ru.Что касается правоприемника, то могу лишь посоветовать Shadow Warrior, но 2 часть себя откровенно не оправдала, поэтому всё довольно туманно. Мой обзор о Воине Тени здесь, по ссылке:http://steamcommunity.com/id/raptor_2/recommended/233130/"
,Recommended,214870,10263091,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheChing,"Shoot'em UP! Old school, Quake/UT style FPS.. Skill based, quick action love!"
,Recommended,214870,30323391,Posted: 4 March,all,giant,This game reminded me the good old times when kid and played Doom / Quake .. If very fun .. decent graphics .. basically you need to kill everything that moves and you win ^^MP is dead .. but you can have a few hours of fun with the campaign :P
76561197964621701,Recommended,214870,28247229,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Brett,"Plyed this trhrough a couple years ago and it as pretty fun.  The stake gun is nice!  Good FPS, even if it is a little dated.  I think most systems today can crank everything up to max for graphics and play well."
76561198032319161,Recommended,214870,10625164,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Thick Rick has Bacon,Too much Pain not enough Hell and Damnation.
76561198055346209,Recommended,214870,5821196,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,tsjanith,Best FPS franchise to date.  Must own for arcade style FPS fans
,Recommended,214870,12167043,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Stomachworm,"Fun, Mindless shooter with coins to collect!  What better way to waste your time.  The graphics are great and is running easily great on a good graphics card.  I had the original and this seems more or less the same but more refined, less bugs, (i it seems like more fun weapons...or at least you get them quicker, but i could be wrong), and seems a bit easier over all, or at least on regular diffulity...hey, but sometimes that is fun when you just want to run around and shoot stuff...."
,Recommended,214870,27787491,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FeuerImBlut,Heaven's Got a Hitman
,Recommended,214870,17508032,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"This game is real great, the gameplay, the music, the replay ability, everything is awesome, It's a game where you kill, kill and kill, no cinematics or ********, you just play the game and that's it, loads of fun, the theme is awesome, killing demons non stop and nothing to stop you except the enemies of course but that's all what it is about.This is the second best game in the series.1.Painkiller: Black Edition2.Painkiller Hell & Damnation3.Painkiller OverdoseI haven't play the other games yet, I'll update the list once I will have play the other games.I seriously suggest you this game if you like games like Serious Sam, NecroVision and Rise of the Triad.9/10For some reasons, I can't review on Painkiller: Black Edition (Gold Edition), It's like I do not own the game but It's still In my library if you see what I mean, anyway, Black Edition deserves a 9.5/10 In my opinion."
,Recommended,214870,10259857,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Piro Fyre,"I have to agree with others that this isn't worth it's original price.  I was actually waiting very patiently for this entire series to go on sale and that sale is today.  For $14 for the complete pack, it's worth the price.But on to the game itself.  It's like playing the original in HD and I wouldn't have it any other way.  The bunny hop is still there along with the feel and the fast pace gameplay.  Takes me back to middle school/high school freshmen days.  Would always LAN with a buddy of mine and this would be one of the competitive games to determined who pays for the pizza next.  Definitely worth a buy at the sale price, especially for verterans like myself."
,Recommended,214870,34673929,Posted: 1 September,all,torchedlightly,"The story is so poorly written and acted, I actually laughed out loud a couple times. The gameplay is fun and made me smile quite often, crazy blood, gore, and rag doll. So I laughed and had fun, sounds like a win-win to me."
,Recommended,214870,24050696,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jason150,bhop ftw2 euros on sale.
,Not Recommended,214870,33244717,Posted: 4 July,all,KAGE,Though its a remake of my all time fav Painkiller game the old Painkiller black is still better and it lacks content. DLCs are bland and I hope PCF finally will make a new painkiller game again not any other devs like this.
,Recommended,214870,25334658,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Eirik Hafskjold,"Am I insane, or was this game voiced by the guy who did Duke Nukem? Anyway, that is what this game tries to be esentially. Duke Nukem mixed in with Serious Sam and a cheezy story. It actually works, and is paced well. Proper good fps fun that demands nothing but aiming and some skill. Recommended.(Wikipedia told me it WAS Duke Nukem who voiced this. Real name: Jon St. John)"
,Recommended,214870,17998897,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Glitter34,"This is a fantastic game. I have yet to play the others so I have no comparison with them. However if you enjoy games like Serious Sam this is one for you. Its the same kind of fun blood splatting kills and it has secrets to find in each area. Upon completion of each area it gives you a review to show you how you did on each goal. If I miss a secret I always have to go back, just my OCD thing, but I never get bored playing a section through again. The weapons are very cool, my favorite so far makes me feel like Freddy Kruger slashing through the flesh of my enemies. It consists of three knives you spin and run into your enemies tearing them to pieces LOL. Put it this way my first play session I lost track of time it was so much fun and instead of just trying it out I played for 3 hours! No reservations on recommending this game to anyone, just go now and get it!"
,Recommended,214870,8570480,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,rad87gn,"Hidden secret.  Hard core shooter.  Co-op, survival, and single player all fantastic."
76561197991242723,Recommended,214870,1313862,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,gooseVPC,"If you are over that age of 15 and remember when FPS's where crazy fast and fun and not like COD, then this game is for you. This game was fun as hell years ago and still holds up, even with a new coat of paint."
76561198095924054,Recommended,214870,24487029,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,FusionJay,"After playing the black edition and reaching the tower level in trauma mode, I have more respect for this new remaster version. Hell and damnation has removed some levels and change the last boss fight and story differently but it fixed some issues that were annoying and added some new weapons to the game. This version has its own issue but nothing game breaking or frustrating."
,Recommended,214870,12871717,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rhys,"A bit on the short side (I beat the whole campaign in about 4 hours), but shamelessly funNot everyone can say they have a gun that shoots shirikens and lightning"
,Recommended,214870,1033326,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,Peppins,Finally the best game ever with coop too!!!
,Recommended,214870,7321161,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,RIP Ted,It's pretty much what I wanted Doom 3 to be.
,Recommended,214870,5936495,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,esl_csgo,Cool
76561198034234021,Recommended,214870,4230740,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,FataL1ty71©,"Guter Sound,Super maps!!! ,Vorallem im Einzespieler! Wünsche gutes bunny Hopping ;)"
76561198186120807,Recommended,214870,24551819,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,KiRa,Pros:Epic MusicFun GunsEpic Boss FightsBadass Main CharacterGood EndingSome levels are taken from the previous painkiller gamesCons:RepetetiveNo Multiplayer servers (Most of the times)Can Crash sometimesFinal Verdict:8/10
76561198009118156,Recommended,214870,25680546,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,solrune,"it sure brings good memories to be able to play this game but this time with a friend and just killing everything for hours just for fun. Whoever played the Painkiller series already knows that this game is mind numbingly good for just killing, killing and killing."
,Recommended,214870,4022651,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Lord Sashev,HEll and Damnation is one of the Best HD remakes i have played. I loved the orignal and the expansion and i loved what they did with the remake. Also the DLC are amazing !! Hope to see more lvls as DLC.
76561198321955887,Recommended,214870,32697557,Posted: 23 June,all,jsjj2112.jj,Nice stuff kids. There is nothing like staking your friends to the wall. Love the foliage. Well Done!
,Recommended,214870,10725676,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,<~Fejo~>,"great game, just like the painkiller parts before."
,Recommended,214870,284993,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Ausdrake,"A great reboot of one of the best old school shooters out there. Get this game for bunnyhopping, demon fragging fast paced goooodness."
,Recommended,214870,14211750,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a First person shooter game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to change your crosshair.You are able to turn on the subtitles.There is a Master volume slidebar available.There is a Sound volume slidebar available.There is a Music volume slidebar available.There are some resolution sizes available.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.You are able to play the game with a controller.There is mouse sensitivity slidebar available.There is Co-op mode.They will ask if you want to play on a tutorial map.About the game.Aah, the good old first person shooter type of games. Where you don't need to reload and there are ammo boxes around the levels. A true classic right here. You have to fight enemies in rooms before you are able to move on. Dead enemies are dropping some regenerating souls and waiting  to be picked up. You have a compass at the top, which will tell you where to go. You don't always have to follow this and you can search around for secrets. You are able to find tarot cards and use them. The tarot cards will have affect in the game. Like moving the world slower. You do need to spend money on them in order to equip the effect.There is a difficulty settings available.Well explained small tutorial.Has Secrets.Has a story.Decent cutscene graphics.Has tarot cards to make effect happen once activated.Collectables....Other things.Low-medium machines might still run laggy when playing on the lowest graphical settings.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
76561198035239764,Recommended,214870,10315113,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Oodles of Noodles,"So this was probably the most entertaining Painkiller by far. I think the iciing on the cake of slaughter was the Duke Nukem voice actor speaking for the main character. When he calls Death, ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"" near the end, I couldnt help but appreciate the smaller things in the game.As for the basics; good variety of weapons, enemies and of course - huge, enourmous bosses that are fun to fight.Overall, worth if for the price. The only downside is that there was no coop campaign."
,Recommended,214870,506502,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,YourMumsMilkman,"Good non-constricted-to-realism (or much of a storyline) shooting. This game is fantastic for being a unholy and (in the COD day) unorthidox shooter.  Not much to go on for story or anything else other than shooting masses of demons though.If you liked Serious Sam, you'll probably like Painkiller. The mood is a little darker, the game is a bit shorter, and there arent as many enemies that come up asking for a bullet at the same time (granted I've never seen a game that throws as many as SS3 does Although painkiller gets close). However the weaponry is more unique and each gun has at least 2 diffrent fire modes (some have more if you are talented enough to pull it off). All of which are fun to use and add a great addition to gameplay.In Serious Sam 3 there comes a time where you just quit using the old pistol and shotgun. That doesnt happen here. Each weapon has special talents and can serve you well all the way through the game if you choose to use it, but you'll have quite a selection to choose from.There is not a lot of story to go around, but the voice acting and dark mood is great. Speaking of voice acting, the protagonist is voice by the same voice actor of Duke Nukem, Mr. John Saint-John. So... if you like the idea of a darkheaded Duke blowing demons to bits in the depths of hell, give this one a shot."
,Recommended,214870,17759201,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mankybus,"A bloody great game, Painkiller: Hell and Damnation is a short, but very sweet old school FPS. However, being a HD remake/sequel/thingy you'd expect all of the original content right? Well for some reason, the developer or publisher decided that a lot of the original content from Painkiller: Black Edition has been cut to be sold as DLC or were just never remade which is sleezy and frankly makes it a rather pricey investment to get all of the content unless it's on sale. Would I buy it? Yeah I would because while the content you get is damn awesome as it is, I want it all and more even if it means I have to buy something that should have been there in the first place. This is a Steam review so let's do the TL;DR stuff.Pros:*Old school, bunnyhopping, demon blasting fun - a helluva game to play*Tons of replayability - playing through levels, beating your high score, getting all the tarrot cards and more*Lots of achievements - while I think achievements are arbitrary, at least they are fun to get here and there's a ton*Awesome and creative weapons - a gun that fires stakes, a sawblade with a weird laser thing, etc, awesome stuff*Plenty of enemies - a ton of enemies to fight and there's a lot of variety here; skellingtons, demon clowns, etc.*Huge boss monsters - creative boss fights, some are better than others and a lot of mini-bosses too*RIP AND TEAR - guts, blood, viscera; just everything everywhere and it's glorious*Amazing art design - the visuals are lovely with a wonderful art style to boast, looks like a metal album cover in motionCons:*Controller support - the controller support is ♥♥♥♥ed beyond belief, do not bother with a controller*Minor framerate and stutter issues on high end rigs - people with weaker machines might experience more of this*Low-res textures and models - certain elements were clearly taken from Black Edition and look noticeably outdated*DLC-galore - a lot of the original content has been cut up as DLC and the pricing doesn't help neither*Weak workshop support - it has workshop content, but a very pitiful amount; would be lovely for mappers to fix that*Disappointing to Painkiller fans - the expansions were apparently horrible but this remake/sequel is a sin to big fans on the DLC aspect alone, clearly made for people new to the franchiseOverall, it's a bloody good game - a brilliant game in my opinion and I would love to play more and produce Workshop content for the game (If I'm any good at it of course) but that DLC issue and performance problems would be a massive turn-off for people looking to buy this game. Make your own choice and whether you want it or not."
76561197986314598,Recommended,214870,11611532,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,mooz,"Excellent since the Linux beta came out, still some slow downs here and there, but it's a completely different game since the release and it's worth a try if you're into the Doom style run and gun blast everything away type FPS's."
,Recommended,214870,32684743,Posted: 23 June,all,Greentails43,It's a pretty fun game but not fun enough to justify buying it at full price.
,Recommended,214870,24060096,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SteaK,Best Painkiller ever.
76561197989789054,Recommended,214870,19756973,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Uésley,"This game is very good if you like the old school shooter games. The history is not profound and to be honest, sometimes you  ask yourself ""wtf this weird girl appeared?"". But, when the shooting begins, and the endless hordes of hell starts to appear, you will love seeing demons exploding, impaled enemies on the wall, exciting fights with colossal monsters.The history could be better. But the gameplay was awesome."
76561198099957476,Recommended,214870,18964146,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Dead Benny Bunny (Mako),Painkiller Hell and Damnation is probably my most favorite shooters. Every time I play it I get this feeling like I can actually conquer hell by myself (for real). The feeling of being a complete badass is both thrilling and breath taking because you get this great rush (or at least I feel like that). So yes you should buy this game. Even the older ones are not that bad either. So give this game a shot.
76561198210088687,Recommended,214870,18977743,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Ell101,Awesome game!! One of the best!!
,Recommended,214870,12716196,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Avkari,"From waht i have played so far this is a throwback to the old quake style of gaming that is fast and furious, its enjoyable, mindless killing :)"
,Recommended,214870,10256244,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ole Mr Glarpz,"This is a very buggy game that lacks a lot of content. Every boss you fight it eventually gets stuck on something just completely ruining them. Levels are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ ive played through 2 out of the 5 parts in just under 2 hours on the hardest difficulty. The one truely fun part of this game is the bunny hopping by spamming space bar, however this is ruined by the amount of crap they put on levels and the small size of the levels. The game is currently $4 due to the release of workshop. From the looks of it its just multiplayer maps. Id strongly suggest buying Painkiller: Black Edition as it is Painkiller Hell and Damnation but with a lot more content and more challenging. If you want a great fast action packed game snag yourself Serious Sam. You cannot go wrong there."
,Recommended,214870,13006924,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Painkiller Hell and Damnation is a retro arcade shooter which harkens back to the days of old for first person shooters. Cut your ways through mindless hordes of enemies using an array of guns and strafing. Overall the game is visually appealing and the cutscenes are very well done in terms of conveying what minimal story the game has. And this is the games main fault, in essence its story is very minimalistic, not that it represents a genre strong in this regard but if a first person shooter  is to be centralized around single player gameplay then the main story should be engaging. Multiplayer is also an option with this game although it seems an afterthought. Regardless this game delivers on action and is a fast paced shooting experience. Recommended for casual play or those wanting to pick up something that will take them back to the older days of FPS."
,Recommended,214870,10286492,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tundra Scorpion,"Painkiller Hell & Damnation (a clever title instead of Painkiller HD) is a remake of a classic retro first-person shooter and carries over the gameplay mechanics that we're used to from way back in the day when bunnyhopping and massacre were the recipies for success instead of the pathetic hand-holding mechanics seen commonly in modern shooters.You take the role of Daniel Garner, a soul taken into purgatory after a fatal car crash some time ago and permanently separated from his lover as a result. Daniel is your run of the mill badass character with a dark past and a penchant for causing incredulous amounts of pain in a short time, Daniel is offered a chance to reunite with his love in exchange for collecting seven legions of souls for the Grim Reaper himself; thus begins your thousand mile marathon of blood.Gameplay, as mentioned previously, is absolute retro FPS goodness. You can carry as many giant and powerful weapons as you can get your hands on which you use to impale, dismember, decapitate and gib all the varied waves of foes foolish enough to get their ugly mugs in the way of your crosshairs. As you massacre foes by the bulk they drop souls in the shape of glowing green orbs, collecting them heals the player for 1HP and can overheal you to well above 100%, and to encourage players to collect dropped souls the player can enter ""Demon Mode"" when they gather 66 souls. Demon Mode grants the player damage immunity for a short time all the while replacing your weapons with an instant-kill pulse that shreds all enemies nearby. When your screen starts pulsing in grayscale that means you've almost collected enough souls, so you have a chance to line yourself up with a large amount of foes in order to maximize it's effect. The player can also collect gold in the levels in order to cover the cost of ""Tarot Cards"" that provide a powerful buff for a short duration, these buffs include improved damage resistance and slowed time, among many others that can be unlocked as the player progresses. Enemies in Painkiller have a wide variety of capabilities, from being simple mindless cannon fodder to hefty tank enemies and sometimes enemies that can use special abilities to slow or disarm you for a short period.Level design is extremely straightforward, but easy to navigate so you can kite the waves of ghouls into bottle-necked corridors for easier clean-up. There are also secrets and hidden areas to find, making level exploration a rewarding and worthwhile experience.In terms of graphics: There isn't much to mention. Graphics are sub-par at best despite the well animated opening cinematic, and character animation is at best laughable as Daniel and everyone else in the cutscenes move stiffly and robotic. Enemy animations are pretty well done, and much more aesthetically pleasing than cutscene animations.A negative aspect of Painkiller is the physics system: Jumping or otherwise interacting with physics objects in the world is clumsy and awkward, and cleary remains unfinished. This is especially bad when you are trying to kite enemies and you get hung up on a stray object that's laying in your path.But the worst part is the glitchy coop mode. Several times in the coop campaign I have been unable to move, access the menu or do anything after re-loading a level, not to mention the horrible server issues and terrible lag compensation.Now, another note for all newcomers: It is HIGHLY recommended that when reaching the first boss of the game, known as the ""Necrogiant"" that you PAUSE the game and search up a strategy guide. Because no word of a lie, this boss will sh*t all over unprepared players on any difficulty.So in conclustion, Painkiller Hell & Damnation is a retro FPS targeted towards players looking for a blast-from-the-past with no limited weapon inventory, health regeneration or cover systems seen in all these newer shooter titles, and instead focuses on everything that made the genre a success to begin with."
76561198046242117,Recommended,214870,16958476,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,RyanS1357,666 Card enough said 10/10
,Recommended,214870,12703919,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,razer9009,heavy metal music and killing everything what isn't there to love
,Recommended,214870,23767700,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kompjutermajstor,good old-school FPS + runing great on linux
,Not Recommended,214870,12869841,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"This game is all around classic painkiller, but that's the problem. They literally just took some of the best levels from the original, and repackaged them with some fancy graphics, even the alastor boss fight is just a stupid remake. No context is given for fighting alastor like in the first game, so it was at the end just extremely stupid.This makes the story even more conviluted, as your are just retracing your EXACT steps from the first game, except eve and daniel are just saying different stuff. Voice acting is particularly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well. However, the grim reaper was a pretty cool character. Additionally the developers are starting keep up with the times since eve is somewhat clothed in this version, only somewhat however, still in kind of poor taste.Painkiller Hell and Damnation is an excellent piece of evidence of what happens when game developers get really lazy. They crap out a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ title expecting fan boys they got from the previous games will buy it right away. When people want evidence of this, they no longer have to only point fingers at Call of Duty. Lazy game design can happen to any developer.All in all, just buy the original Painkiller: Black Edition. You'll get a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of levels, that includes the ones in this game. So what if the graphics are a bit dated, you get your moneys worth which is more than I can say for this abortion of a game. By the way, I only payed 2 bucks for it.If you buy this version instead of Painkiller: Black Edition, you are either an idiot or too obsessed with graphics to make a good decision, in which case you are still an idiot.Painkiller: Black Edition 8.5/10this pile of steaming feces: -3 / 10 (was going to be -4, but the soul catcher was kinda fun to play with)EDIT: Yeah I know I'm bein a♥♥♥♥♥♥in this review, but if you have played Painkiller:Black Edition you'd understand why I feel this way."
,Recommended,214870,695745,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Coco,KILL THE PAIN !DEATH WILL REIGN !LOVE FOR HATE !SO LET THE GAMES BEGIN !
76561197982514494,Recommended,214870,32054890,Posted: 29 May,all,M.u.d.d.+,"Having not played any of the other games in the series, I am very impressed. I dont care how new or old a game is, if the game look's good, then it look's good, and this game certainly does look good. It runs quite smoothly and the game play is also top notch.  I have not played the mulitplayer but I dont think it would be very good only because there really is not that many people playing this game. The single player is the highlight of this game.Happy gaming!"
76561198064819349,Recommended,214870,11052189,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MLG_VINICIUS_PRO,its a really fun game to bad there's almost no one to play on multyplayer
,Recommended,214870,10322691,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Centrelink - twitch.tv/ecentau,"A fun single player shoot'em up.Kill things with sharp things and weapons of a demonic nature.Great art, Great pacing and fantastic difficulty.As good as the original."
,Recommended,214870,3004928,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,DJ  Oleg,"Игра хорошая но почти одно и тоже,нового ничего нет,мало карт да и темболее карты то же самые что и в оригинале.Но в этом игре сделали получше графику,видно что кровь есть много.Но если вы фанат этой игры или нет.То приобретайте эту игру.9/10"
,Not Recommended,214870,9712807,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Ziolet,"This was a scam from day one. Promises of never having to pay for DLC yet you look at the store page & it's got a fair bit of DLC asking for $. Missing a lot of maps from the Original Painkiller. Runs like poop in both Single Player & Multiplayer, never really been able to join matches with friends. If you want to play Painkiller go by the first original one, it has a lot more campaign & runs better."
76561198020277247,Recommended,214870,3291998,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Sennbremmel,BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,214870,11321939,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Child of Carnage,It's sinfully short with an irritating final boss battle. The graphics upgrade isn't that noticable either. Just find the original Painkiller Black Edition instead.
,Recommended,214870,1987696,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Балдёжный Alty,http://s47.radikal.ru/i116/1302/2e/be67d5e0d4dd.jpg
,Recommended,214870,33114771,Posted: 1 July,all,Shaark,нори
,Recommended,214870,27478535,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XDavidXtreme,A comeback to one of my childhood favourite game!
,Recommended,214870,2956473,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,🐧 crow,Enjoy Painkiller again like it was the first time but slightly shorter and with co-op. Better than the sequel where they just put a thousand enemies into multiplayer arena maps and called it a videogame
76561198031341297,Not Recommended,214870,10257548,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Durruti,Does not work on Linux. Don't know why they are selling it.
,Recommended,214870,12154219,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Rose,"An epic remake of the original Painkiller game that plays the same way as before, but with much better graphics and extra content. Unfamiliar with the series? Imagine the original Quake and Duke Nukem games. Painkiller is essentially a combination of the two. It's an old-school shooter with no proper storyline, but a ton of evil creatures to dismember, nail to walls and blow up. Not enough for you? Jon St. John, the man behind the legendary voice of Duke Nukem had done the voice of the main hero of the game, so you get to hear him curse and talk about big guns during the cutscenes. Not only that, but the chaos and destruction of the gameplay are accompanied by amazing pure metal music. Who even needs a story or gives a ♥♥♥♥ about those rare bugs of the AI failing to find a way out (if stuck) when you get all of the above in one package? I surely don't."
,Recommended,214870,8025332,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Jascii,If you like Arcade Shooters like Serious sam or Shadow Warrior which have awsome guns that give you the feeling of a Grade A Bad♥♥♥♥♥with a light Story. the only problem is that the game is unfair at times
,Not Recommended,214870,1603303,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,「Ｂｏｋｕ♥」,"While looking prettier than the original and keeping that which it remade (mostly) intact, this ""HD reimagining"" or whatever it may be called feels quite lacklustre.All the weapons are there, but they just dont quite have that kick or oomph that the original managed. Youll occasionally be able to fling an axe monk across the map with a shotgun blast or turn a clown to mincemeat with the painkiller, but it almost feels scripted rather than being an innate part of the physics of the game.In addition, the difficulty feels like it just gave up.  Past the initial rushing enslaught of enemies, their actual threat has been quite drastically toned down. Bosses in particular are guilty of this, though perhaps for the better in certain cases, they feel very little of a threat - more a chore that must be rushed through or painfully waited out when forced to.The levels themselves are also different: a number directly torn out and (only some) replaced by what only play like bad knockoffs. No more bomb and bullet infested Alcatraz and no more cramped, ghost-riddled mansion to fight through.Is this all a testament to the original or something of incompetence from this new developer? Probably both: the best things are that which remained untouched. Bit of a shame, really. If you havent already, just get Painkiller Black Edition and stick with it. A few prettier pixels (with shoddy performance, mind you) and some unecessarily shoe-horned cutscenes should not sway you any."
,Recommended,214870,811552,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"I'm done with shooters like Painkiller and Serious Sam. I like mindless game as much as the next guy, but I also like a deeper experience at the same time. Painkiller couldn't offer me this. If you want to turn off your brain and shoot at everything that moves, this game is for you.The weapons are fun to use, the graphics are sharp, there's enemy variety, the boss fights are kinda cool and epic and the HUD is clumsy. What ? The HUD is clumsy.Maybe I wasn't paying too much attention to it but I had no idea where to look for my health, souls or ammo until a few hours into the game. That can't be right.Yeah yeah, 'Enough about the HUD already !' I hear you yell. And I agree. In fact, I'll stop talking about this game altogether.To sum things up:Yay = if you like mindless shootersNay = if you dislike mindless shooters[Rating: 76/100]"
76561198043840967,Recommended,214870,8439135,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,omer666ster,"I have got the original Black Edition and I must admit that despite the more limited content of Painkiller HD, it is much more enjoyable because of the many improvements made to the pacing. The graphical improvement is not that much of an evolution, for a game that is almost 10 years old, but the end result is still handsome enough.Go get it but beware of DLCs."
,Not Recommended,214870,8028647,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Archi,"Even if the game is ok (which is normal, since it's a copy of the original Painkiller), the DLCs just prouve that the dev are a just untalented and greedy. Buy the main game, avoid the DLC at all cost."
76561198003232201,Not Recommended,214870,9503580,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Intergalactic Murder Monkey,"Bugged up the wazoo and pitifully short.I got this on sale and I'm not sure if I feel conned or not.  For a remake, not much has actually been 'remade'.  Half of the original levels and monsters are missing, only to have been later released as DLC apparently, and the plot completely retcons the original.  Obviously nobody plays Painkiller for the plot, but this one somehow comes out even worse than the original.That aside, the gameplay is not up to scratch either.  Some iffy level design leads to difficulty spikes in strange places, while the majority of the game is a total cakewalk.  I lost count of the ammount of times I got my face caved in after unfairly snagging on a awkward piece of scenery.I finished the single player campaign in 6 hours, and that includes the time I spent buggering about looking for secrets.  Thanks to the liniarity, lack of content, bugs and wonkey level design, I honestly have very little reason to come back.I'd love to review multiplayer, but I couldn't get it working and I have no desire to comb through the forums looking for solutions.  The game simply isn't worth that much of my time.Looking for positives... well it looks pretty... ish... I guess.  It's no Crysis, but it gets the job done.Overall, it's a bit of a let down.  If you haven't played Painkiller, get Painkiller Black Edition.  If you *have* played Painkiller then move on, because the remake just doesn't live up to the pedigree."
76561198135837835,Recommended,214870,10276597,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Герцог Ёбош,"Painkiller: Ад и Проклятие, ремейк оригинальной игры 2004 года. Состовляет из себя смесь Quake, Serious Sam, DOOM. Сюжет есть - Даниэль, после событий дополнения Пэйнкиллер:Овердоз, оказался обманутым силами Ада и Рая, и ему пришлось остаться в чистилище. Но Жнец предлагает ему сделку - если Даниэль добудет ему 7000 душ, тот отпустит его из чистилища. Даниэль не верит ему, но соглашается. На кладбище к Даниэлю приходит Ева и говорит что Жнец обманул главного героя, но тот не слушает её и идёт добывать души. На протяжении  всей игры Ева будет появляться Даниэлю и говорить с ним. ну а дальше играйте сами! В общем игра ХОРОШАЯ, есть ВЫДЕЛЕННЫЕ СЕРВЕРА. Мне понравилось, 10/10."
,Recommended,214870,10201818,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Bladed Star,"This game is absolutely marvelous. The dialogues sound like they were written by autistic twelve year olds, and the voice acting is done by stoned hobos who don't even give a ♥♥♥♥. At some point when I started playing, I was stuck outside of the map, unable to do anything. Not to mention, the quality of the terrain is just ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. You got everything from midget skeletons stuck in the ground to sword-wielding hipsters stuck inside of walls, extremely slow witches who occasionally just stop moving to stand and glare at you (making your screen constantly fade from normal to black) and hell, this game's even got floating trees. I've never during these recent years experienced a modern HD video game crash so many times. Just after I begin playing, being stuck inside of the map, I restart - causing an immediate crash which kept continously happening unpredictably as I went on playing. Even after I beat the first level, the game crashed. There's nothing much to say about the gameplay. You keep running and blasting random♥♥♥♥♥♥and obstacles that appear on your screen. I easily beat the whole first level on nightmare mode without the slightest feel of stress; felt like I was playing on easy, since there is barely any challenge/effort put into this game.Overall, I think this game is pretty solid. Anyone who's a classic FPS gamer will love this pragmatic gaming experience. If you want to waste 27 bucks on random junk, I highly recommend you try out this game. If you want to waste 109 bucks, however, you should buy their money-consuming 4-pack DLC along with the game.11/10, would bang in the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214870,10260444,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,トマツ,fun and addicting
76561198135114276,Recommended,214870,10263959,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,VikingVanny7,"Yeah, I can definitely confirm that Pain Killer Hell and Damnation is a thousand times better than the black edition. The people who wrote those steam reviews are full of it. Also, with my alienware, when you collect a certain number of souls and go into this ""super kill mode"" all of the lights on my PC switch to a bright, bloody flashing red, which probably looks awesome at night. The weapons are better, controls are better, there's more enemy variety and the graphics are leaps and bounds beyond Black Edition's. This is the definitive Pain Killer. No nonsense as far as changing clips or any of that junk, you're thrown into a cool, atmosperic level, brimming with sweet evil and satanic imagery with piles of bullets everywhere, and badass, well designed weapons (a ninja star throwing gun that shoots lightning!?), and your objective is to kill and collect every living and undead creature's souls to pay off your debt to the reaper. Fun as hell."
,Not Recommended,214870,14802205,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,ej,"Buy Black Edition instead of inferior ""remake"".For less money, you'll get the original game with more levels, less bugs, tighter gameplay. No reason to buy DLC-ridden crap."
76561197970629293,Not Recommended,214870,32306892,Posted: 9 June,all,Ser Eddard Stark,"Acceptable for 2-5 Euro but not more, just 4 hour campaign and useless multiplayer"
76561198082640923,Recommended,214870,19022747,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Paul196UK,If you love Serious Sam then you will love this to.
76561198075680859,Recommended,214870,19075189,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Xerties,Grew up playing the original Painkiller games.Have always been a fan of the doom style shooters.This game adds to its legacy with more up to date options.If you enjoyed Painkiller's original game you'll love this one.
76561198062070065,Not Recommended,214870,20096396,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Avariser,It's just not fun.
76561198132985932,Recommended,214870,22696364,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Andrew_WOT,"The game is a blast. Super fast and lots of fun. Creative use of weapon, like freezing enemy before shooting with shotgun primary, etc. Lots of levels of different variety. Expect sore fingers from constant bunny hopping and shooting.Graphics are awesome, good optimization too, playing stable 60fps on 4k with everything maxed out, single GTX 980.Get DLCs."
,Recommended,214870,18898421,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wintch,"Really funny to buy a bunch of ""not cheap at all"" DCL's to get...PK black edition, which cost's only a fraction. Still it is a great remake! Also the only way to get the game running on SteamOS, so it's a good deal after all."
76561198069240822,Recommended,214870,19025595,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,JDzilla,It's basically a rebooted DOOM
76561198091722476,Not Recommended,214870,35023637,Posted: 17 September,all,Branceratops,"So what do i think of Painkiller : Hell and Damnation ?Well.. simply ; just play Painkiller black edition. You might think to yourself ''why would i ? Isnt that the same game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics instead ?'' And the short answer is no and heres why.ChallengeThe challenge in this one is wayyy lower then the first one, even on the hardest diffeculty its a cake walk, i only played around 2 hours of it and finished the entire campaign and easter egg levels, in contrary i played black edition for 19~ hours and finished it only once.LevelsYes, this game has the same levels but thats exactly the problem... it has the same levels but there are less of them and altough some of the levels have fun surprises for veterans of the first game it simply isnt worth it. The levels used in this game are some of the fan favorites so your gonna have a fun time playing through them however.. worlds in this game exist of only 2 levels before a boss with exception to the first world which has 4/5 levels. This makes the total around 10/11 levels + 4 bosses. The original painkiller had 5 worlds (6 if you count the dlc) which consisted of 4-6 levels each, some of them only playable on nightmare or trauma difficulties. So your essentially playing a watered down version of the first game when it comes to levels.StoryThe story is more of the same altough there are a few new cutscenes this time around (some of them pretty fun to watch) but painkiller has never been a story driven game to begin with so this doesnt matter too much.BossesThe bosses in this game are... baffling to me. You see they use the same bosses from the first game (with exception to the last one but more on that later) but they shuffle the order. For example ; instead of swamp thing being the second boss hes the thirs. The bosses are also (Just like the rest of the game) made easier. For the final boss however i was pleasently surprised ; the final boss is a completely new one (altough his arena is the same as the chapter 6 boss from the original) and is actually quite fun to fight.WeaponsThe weapons in this game are the same as in the original +1 new weapon.. theres only 1 difference theyre unusable. Simply put your melee weapon in the game is wayyy stronger then the guns AND it heals you for 3 hp every time you hit a enemy with it, this is a shame since i enjoyed the weaponry in the original gun. For the new gun... its okay the design is cool and the idea that it can turn enemies into friends is a fun one but why would you use it if the melee weapons ends them in a matter of seconds ?So would i recommend this game ? No not at all, i would recommend the original game but not this one. Not only is the original longer, its also cheaper and has a higher challenge. The only thing i would reccomend in this version of the game is the new boss but... is it really worth paying and playing an entire game for ? That choice is yours.I would rate this game :4/10 Not complete garbage but just.. unneeded."
,Not Recommended,214870,7854362,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,azgoth2,"This is definitely a fun game, but go buy the original Painkiller Black Edition instead of this.This remake certainly LOOKS prettier than the original, but the original (to me) doesn't look all that terrible.  It does look a bit old, yes, but not bad.  But, graphics are beside the point here--this game, proclaiming to be a ""remake"" of the original game, is so only in name.  It cuts over half of the levels, including the fun bosses (no hammer wielding, physics-hating boss?  But they kept the bloody swamp thing boss that was one of the most painful experiences in the game?), and has completely redone what enemies appear on what levels with no apparent rhyme or reason, while leaving some unchanged.There are some neat little changes throughout the game that fans of the original will notice, and that are pretty neat and often worth a small chuckle or delighted grin, and these are definitely excellently done (and exactly what I like seeing in remakes)--they're not intrusive, they never (as far as I can recall) get in the way of the gameplay, and they're neat little things to notice as a player of the original game.There are also a few new weapons added, which is nice (the original was a bit lacking at times, having only four real weapons plus the eponymous painkiller), and definitely a fun addition to the gameplay.This isn't to say it's a BAD game by any stretch.  It definitely stands on its own merits.  However, when compared to the game it's supposed to be a remake of, I think it falls pretty flat despire the few cool additions.  The neat, small changes to the various levels, the new weapons to spice things up, and the prettier graphics don't compensate enough for the amount of content from the original that wasn't ported into the remake for me to reccommend this game.All that being said--if this comes up as part of some bundle with a bunch of other games you've been eyeing, give it a go--it's a fun game, but it doesn't stack up to the original."
76561197969277765,Not Recommended,214870,8847842,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,kAnsta,Crudely pimped version of original game with more cannon fodder.
76561198014820081,Recommended,214870,9412659,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Bimpy,ill start this review taiking about the good the gameplay is really fun just like the first painkiller and you get an awesome soundtrack and the game looks great and they are some new levels in this remake but now im going to taik about the bad the game is shorter then the original and a lot of my fav levels from the original are gone but they put them back in DLCs and now let me taik about the DLCs they are so many of them and a lot of them are levels from the first pankiller idk about you but i dont like paying for dlcs that should have been in the game in the first place so get this when its cheap or just get painkiller black edition
76561198140572309,Recommended,214870,31009912,Posted: 7 April,all,pipylipsag,Vary enjoyable.
76561197970701643,Recommended,214870,10310838,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Good game and remake. Only half the content though of the original. DLC adds maps (including maps from the original painkiller) but as with all DLC, it adds up to be far more expensive than you would pay for an expansion pack.Pick it up on a steam sale, otherwise just pick up the original painkiller."
,Not Recommended,214870,7754992,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVbxxn4U11oIn keeping with classic first person tradition, the plot of Hell and Damnation is skeletal—nearly nonexistent really, and uses the events of prior games to begin it's narrative while re imagining some of the levels from the original Painkiller and it's first expansion. You take the role of Daniel Garner who is trapped in Purgatory after a fatal car crash and wants only to be reunited with his wife who ascended to heaven after the crash. Death makes Daniel a deal, if he can capture 7,000 souls and return them to him, Daniel can be reunited with his wife. It's extraordinarily strait forward and plot development only comes after every three or four levels. Cutscenes usually punctuate the end of each boss encounter treating you to absurdly poor voice work and awkward character models moving the events forward.Gameplay is also cut and dry. The levels themselves are not really relevant to the story, they are merely a change of scenery as you mow down countless enemies. The gunplay in Hell and Damnation is frenetic and twitchy and Daniel comes with an excellent demon dismemberment kit. How does dispatching your foes with a chaingun with an underslung rocket launcher sound? What about a gun that spits out shirkens at mach speed and launches bots of lighting? The absurd artillery of Painkiller is a welcome deviation from the assault riffles and sub machine guns that are staples of the modern shooter. Daniel moves like Usain Bolt as your weapons dismember the beasts of hell that oppose you, throwing their carcasses back the length of a football field. This joyous sensation lasts for about twenty minutes however before the you realize this charade is a shallow as the puddles of blood you leave in your wake. Most enemies wield melee weaponry and charge in without concern for props or any other impediments in the environment, allowing them to get caught up.  There are a few demons that have shields for defense and hulking strongmen that take a bit longer to dispatch but they fail to offer much of a challenge and make traversing Painkiller's levels an exercise in tedium. The design of the levels themselves is also rather abysmal. It's much like Ninja Gaiden or Devil May Cry where upon entering a room the doors slam shut and dozens of enemies spawn. At this time it is advised that you bunny hop in a circle until all of your foes have been rounded into the center and use explosives to dispatch them en mass. By reskinning the demons into sheep and Daniel into a border collie, Hell and Damnation could have been an excellent herding simulator.Visually, this is the best looking Painkiller yet. That doesn't say much since the original game is almost a decade old and the expansions have been modifying the original game's engine. Now on the Unreal 3 engine, Hell and Damnation continues to remind us of the roots of the FPS genre. Corridors are generally pretty wide and empty into arena like areas with few props. This is done for two reasons, first to minimize impediments to your movement and to ensure that your frame rate stays high because nothing ruins a twitch shooter like a dodgy frame rate. While is does accomplish those two things it does look hopelessly antiquated. Most levels take place indoors to keep draw distances short, those that do take place outdoors employ walls and barriers that kill any illusion of openness. Many details like door handles are textured onto flat geometry and further reinforce the idea that you are not in a real place but a staged arena. The demonic aesthetic can also start to ware thin at points and evokes cheesy 1980's metal album art. There are some flashes of inspiration however. The hellish Loony Park is a delightfully twisted area that concludes with an on rails roller coaster shoot out sequence that injects some much needed variety into the proceedings."
,Not Recommended,214870,10258466,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DOOMJESUS,"the gameplay is a pale shadow of the original a.k.a. black edition. this plays much more like call of duty zombies than painkiller.speaking of content, i think all the dlc combined is about three forths of the original game and the new maps are physically smaller than the originals.it's too much money for a remake it still doesn't include all the contents of the original and more importantly they ruined the bunny hop and turned it strictly into a sprint replacement, it was more than that in the original game and that was the most unique thing about the game.if you want to know what real bunny hopping is, play the original painkiller because it is the only game on earth that has this particular game mechanic and that is a hard fact."
,Not Recommended,214870,24248600,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,monstermasher19,"Glitchy, crashes when Steam is in offline mode, and this HD remaster is missing half of the content of the original only to be offered as DLC for sale. What more could someone ask for? Well... You could of course ask for the original ""Painkiller: Black Edition"". Really though,this is a disappointment. I wanted to play this game with my family using local co-op but this game put up too much of a fight. Fix the issues with the game and offline mode and I will repurchase. As of now the game is refunded."
,Recommended,214870,3560686,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,CptFoxRus,Good!)
,Recommended,214870,22746661,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Williamtx900,painkiller hell & damnation is awesome its a fast paced FPS the game play is really fun and the music is really awesome you need to buy this with dlcs cuz this game is really short.
,Recommended,214870,7914390,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Super Villain Outcast,"A rather great game, recommended for fans of old 90's twitch shooters. Fast, chaotic, gory, fun and challenging."
,Not Recommended,214870,1512292,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,☢ ʍ℮đѡ℮đ ☭,"Dont buy this game; very bad.Dear Developers....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,214870,653657,"Posted: 18 November, 2012",all,Source,"Just buy the original Painkiller, it is way more fast-paced, serious, and overal better then this version. All that this game has is graphics, not much of a PK soul. 5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,214870,10363225,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Derzak,"If you're considering getting this edition of the game, don't. A vast majority of the levels has been cut for no apparent reason. The Black Edition of the original has 24 levels (5 chapters) plus 11 that are added through the Battle Out of Hell expansion pack for a grand total of 35 levels. This one has only 13 of those levels (4 chapters), 4 of which are taken from the Battle Out of Hell expansion and the rest of them are either unavailable or sold as separate DLC. Not to mention the enemy variety being reduced and music tracks being cut, too.﻿ Do yourself a favor and get the Black Edition of the original game. The graphics have aged like wine, the gameplay is much more solid and you're getting the full experience for less money."
,Recommended,214870,18947129,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Mind Street,Nothing beats stress like Blood and Metal! Next up Killing Floor 2!
,Recommended,214870,873460,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Soundcreepy,"A terrific game, feels like painkiller just with a major facelift. AND CO-OP! My only complaints is its a bit short (only 14 levels, but I expect more will be added) and since it uses Physx instead of Havoc, it has a few frame rate issues every now and then. But overall if you like Painkiller, HD is needed!"
,Not Recommended,214870,10975829,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,rab1d,It's not TF2
76561198004777276,Not Recommended,214870,11392162,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dimzoner,"Not worth even $1. Total waste of money. The original was epic, this is crap."
,Not Recommended,214870,5129983,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,telopots,"It's a worthless cash-in.3 hours of gameplay,and it costs twice as much as the original.All of this for a coop mode (really.) and a new weapon.Taught me a lesson.Never believe things can get better for a franchise."
,Not Recommended,214870,7435106,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Deathsythe,"Painkiller: Hell and Damnation represents a bit of a mixed bag. On one hand this is easily the best entry in the series since the original, on the other it is mired in some bizarre choices. Notably HD is something of a retelling of the first game. Not that anyone should be playing Painkiller for the story, but somehow HD's narrative manages to be even more nonsensically bad than the threadbare excuse found in the first. Utterly listless voice acting doesn’t help the matter. The second, more glaring issue is the omission of some of the best classic levels such a The Town. While available as DLC, to hack the original apart and hide bits of it behind a pay wall is idiotic.HD features the addition of the Soul Catcher weapon. Despite being shoehorned into the plot, the weapon simply isn’t very fun to use. The primary fire is decent, while the secondary’s soul drain function is tedious at best. The weapon’s big draw, the ability to possess enemies once enough souls have been absorbed, is redundant when you can wipe out entire swaths of demons with a single rocket.Still, there is plenty of free DLC and the game retains the same classic Painkiller feel and is every bit as fun as it used to be. Co-op modes and multiplayer helps to stretch the experience out despite the truncated campaign's best attempts. This game is only worth the money if one happens to be a fan of the first game, wants to give the new content a go, and manages to catch it on sale.Tellingly all the best parts featured in this update are the ones left more or less intact from the original version. The new additions, almost uniformly, simply fail to measure up to bar of quality set by the first game. Hopefully the heavily implied sequel this remake sets up does much better. Newcomers to the series would be far better off simply buying the Painkiller Black Edition and simply pretending all the other titles in the series didn't exist."
,Not Recommended,214870,3142654,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,[TPZ] Cereal Killer,"This games graphics may be beautiful and it's true they are.However the gameplay is absolutley horrible from Painkiller Black Editions. This game used to be a fairly slow paced (But still equally challenging) game, now it's fast paced and very ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating with how easy it is to die because everything moves faster than you.If you have never played the first Painkiller you'll probably like it, however if you are like me and played the classic you'll think this is not nearly as good as the first.And thus i have to fail this game with a 4/10.The graphics may be beautiful and the maps may look nice but the gameplay is way too fast to be Painkiller and dying is almost instantanious thanks to faster moving enemies and invisible props blocking your path."
76561198113014119,Recommended,214870,34471297,Posted: 24 August,all,Shadow Ops,"Painkiller Hell & Damnationfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: City Crittersfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Demonic Vacation At The Blood Seafast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Heaven's Abovefast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Full Metal Rocketfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Operation ""Zombie Bunker""fast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: The Clock Strikes Meat Nightfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Medieval Horrorfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Halloween DLCfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game.Painkiller Hell & Damnation: Satan Claus DLCfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game."
,Recommended,214870,10275270,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,yo,yo this game be tight yo hour of fun yo u buy now yopeaace
,Not Recommended,214870,10280950,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Radical.,"Warning, you want to play on Mac ?Don't.Porting is absolutely AWFULL. They say it's for PC, Mac & Linux.The Mac version isn't even an Alpha version for me.Plus, according to the team, the game works on 10.6.5, it's IMPOSSIBLE. The game is too greedy, and there is no way to run it on 10.7.Source: my computer."
,Recommended,214870,22757039,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,JohnRomeroHD,Good game.
,Recommended,214870,14133003,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,no point™,"Imagine God of War + Dark Souls + Doom.Fun as hell, but it has less levels.If you really care about Graphics/Co-op get this.If you don't, get Painkiller: Black Edition."
76561198006885627,Not Recommended,214870,16212811,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sargeist,"Almost unplayable, like Painkiller on nightmare."
,Recommended,214870,18986646,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Godzylaaa,For a hardcore run'n'gun fans this game is perfect :DI recommend it to others too cuz its realy funonly down side is multyplayer is not that populated and community workshop has but few entriesstill game itself is awesome and i recommend it to all of u
76561197970483064,Not Recommended,214870,10258231,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mars,"This is by no means a horrible remake of the original. It is, however, a lacklaster remake. You're bound to find the same level (if not more) of enjoyment from Painkiller: Black Edition. The gameplay, levels, overall content is essentially the same. The only difference is graphical.If you want to snag this in a bundle with the other games, though... by all means, go forward without trepedation."
,Not Recommended,214870,8142165,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ether,"Just an HD remake of some of the chapters, looks fantastic but you are better off buying and playing the original / Black edition."
,Not Recommended,214870,8871936,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Sanosake,The online multiplayer was the only reason I bought this and it doesnt work at all. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,214870,23865796,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Hubert C. (✿◠‿◠)󠀡,"Like Painkiller Black except missing more than half of the levels, way easier, more forced story that everyone that has ever played Painkiller cares about /s, new weapons no one asked for, gamebreaking tarot cards you have unlocked right from the start (such at the one that gives you 666 ammo to ALL OF YOUR WEAPONS) -- If you own the DLC --, has worse performance and is just an overall downgrade from BlackJust about the only things it boasts that Painkiller Black doesn't is workshop support, prettier graphics and co-op.Do yourself a favour and just buy Painkiller Black (unless you want to play co-op)."
,Not Recommended,214870,10270645,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Smith,"Honestly, I expected more. It seemed like a cool game when I saw the trailer but that just crumbled once i actually started playing the game. There was no real plot, I mean yes you had to save the lady but there was no interaction between the characters at all, it was more about action than the story which I get but come on. Develop the character just a little bit more."
,Recommended,214870,11054271,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,[RDx]TheBejaranos,GReat1
76561197963966942,Not Recommended,214870,19120502,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,C2162,"Changing the resolution messes up the graphics, and since the resolution cannot be changed, the game won't run properly on my MacBook Pro 2011. Wasted money on Steam, once again."
76561198045021699,Recommended,214870,8814490,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Napalm Bomb,It has a gun that shoots shurikens and lightning.
76561198046981684,Recommended,214870,14190664,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Adolf Uzumaki,while this is a great remake/reboot of the original.... it just dosent have the spark that the original does. so just get that one instead
,Not Recommended,214870,22657635,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Filthy F@#kin' Spoon,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥ half a game with DLC up the♥♥♥♥♥ GG on beating that dead horse.
,Recommended,214870,23843172,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Hyrule Chosen One,"I would recommend only if you like Painkiller and wants to play coop/using a controllerif you don't mind about neither of these features, just get Black."
76561198096818883,Recommended,214870,13165786,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sir Maccherone,*spacebar*freeze-blam!*spacebar* *spacebar*take dat stake in yo face!*spacebar*need more souls!*spacebar**spacebar**spacebar**spacebar*10/10 would jump again
,Not Recommended,214870,14232640,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Lego,No.
,Recommended,214870,8060571,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Theo De Raadt [rm -rf],"Painkiller HD is a fantastic classic FPS. Fans of SS3, Shadow Warrior, QUAKE, and the original Painkiller will love this game. Music is heavy rocking sex, the maps are wide and open with little actually cover,  and the gameplay is fast-paced rocket fragging."
76561198257457094,Recommended,214870,24694478,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,"Awesome Profilename, Bitchez","I think the game wouldn't appeal to a lot of people but for some it can be a good purchase if bought on sale. If you want to buy this game because you loved the original game keep in mind that H&D is awfully short - about the half of the original game's length (w/o BOOH expansion) but for some reason it feels like the game is three times shorter; plus the levels and monsters are all out of order so it feels weird and diminishes the joy of playing through the old classic with new pretty graphics. On a plus side they kept almost all the best levels (excluding my favorite plagued city and military base, unfortunately).So, once again, maybe buy on sale but don't even think about getting it for the full price or you'd be disappointed because there's like four hours of gameplay if you play it fast and five or six if explore everything that's out there, try to get as much tarot cards as possible, replay some levels but it gets old very quickly."
,Recommended,214870,11870237,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,OhioMan,this game is.. ok
,Recommended,214870,391745,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Saint Satan,I was hoping for something at least a little new but all I got was the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥-100/10
,Recommended,214870,13916381,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Jean-Baptiste Grenouille,"8/10Old school FPS.Violent.Crazy.Decent graphics.Story is meh, but i don't seek one in this kind of game.There's a free Christmas DLC: Santa is big, mad and he will try to kill you with a christmas tree while little elfs will try to stab you in the kidneys, whilst bloody reindeers too will try to hurt you."
,Recommended,214870,10279479,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,mckFlash,Great game!
76561197972318971,Not Recommended,214870,10772981,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Steaksauce,"Junk.  It feels like a user mod for an FPS, and would be great by that standard, but at even $5 I felt like I'd thrown money away.  Avoid it."
,Recommended,214870,7477014,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Krejsy,"The game has a gun that shots shurikens and lightning, do I need to continue?"
,Recommended,214870,2000137,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,アレクサンダー,Bad things:* not so much levels* DX9 (could be 10 or higher to bring more sexy visuals) + pathetic gama setting* horrible hit indicatorGood things:* tatatatatatata! Takakakakakaka! Bang bang! Boom boom! A.k.a. great action as expected from Painkiller sorta sequel* even though it's DX9 - still good visuals (especially blood and body parts)* FINALLY has coopDon't care much things:* 50/50 voice acting (I have a feeling that Daniel voiced by Duke Nukem dude)* awefully terrible storyI'd still recommend this game. Good old-school FPS.
76561198036768080,Recommended,214870,10255329,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,SmokedCayenne,tbh this gme got boring and i went up gainst a boss that was immmmmmpossssibleeeeee to kill it was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198127013295,Recommended,214870,13879871,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,martydaparty4u,Fun coop!
,Recommended,214870,5364077,"Posted: 13 December, 2012",all,M.D. Chaos,"Beats all of the expansions after recurring Evil which hurt my soul hell and damnation was the cure for that. Its fun as hell , however it shorts took me about 5 hours whaaaat. Mp isnt great as well it doesnt feel as fun as the original. The story is like a semi remake and sequel you might get what i mean.  But honestly get painkiller black edition its longer and cheaper.8.5/10 fun as hell but is short and multiplayer is lacking"
76561198141804718,Not Recommended,214870,34893278,Posted: 11 September,all,blood 1504,not much to say about this thing really its a first person shooter  game. Play is  shoot all the  enemies on the map.   Find the  porthole jump to the next stage .  You have to make it to save points in the game to save your progress.game does not auto save.  Buy it on sale Think I got it as a package deal with the others in the  series  for five or ten dollars or something. not recomeded at  present price .
76561198059419835,Recommended,214870,6119731,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,prefuck,"норм шутер. 7,5 баллов из 10"
,Recommended,214870,28000718,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Strong Anime Bic Mac,"Отличная игра, жаль что короткая и сюжет не закончен =("
,Not Recommended,214870,10293924,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,virpyre,"Insomnia on Co-op is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ if one player dies you have to restart the entire level...have been trying for 1 hour just to beat the first level, the original painkiller wasn't even this hard."
76561197986999150,Not Recommended,214870,23816857,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Jacksgrin,"Everything you've heard about this is true.It's not even an improvement.Bought it drunk, thought it would be good. maybe 1/10 graphics improvement.-3 gameplay mechanixwait for bethesda to remake/10Seriously, don't waste your money. Buy painkiller black it's this game + 20"
,Not Recommended,214870,12803276,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,ok,"bought 4-pack, 4 x the regret and 4 people now hate me."
,Recommended,214870,1400769,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Blood_Wraith,"Not a bad remake, but more so an unnecessary one. It basically takes Painkillers campaign, and it's expansion and shortens it by about several levels. It also adds a new weapon, and some of the story is changed.Honestly, I preferred the original Painkiller over this one."
,Not Recommended,214870,12845825,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,"Nanomachines, Son","It's boring and repetetiv. It's also really unrealistic. You can't reload, you can't aim-sight forward andit's a cheap story. It starts with death (or something from hell) that comes to you and says ""I took your wife so now you got to kill people to get her back."" Then you just keep shooting skeletion and other monsters until you get her back...I did actually stop playing after the fifth wave because I ran out of ammo and you couldn't barely find any.The trailer to this game looks amazing compared to the game itself. Not to mentionthat it's buggy. I am happy that I bought it on a sale because it's outrageously bad.The best part of the game is when you quit it and uninstall."
76561198048058710,Not Recommended,214870,8721245,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lord Ryan,This game is basically a Serious Sam rip-off.  A really bad rip-off.The guns aren't useful at all. There is no interaction between the character and his environment which makes the game really boring.2/10
,Not Recommended,214870,22700357,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,-Hen0ee,So boring game :C
,Not Recommended,214870,11942580,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The girl with the Torment Tattoo,"Nothing particularly innovative or interesting about this game. While it is challenging at times, I find it quite dull as its pretty much you as a grizzled white dude going around shooting everything in site, boy never played a game like that before. At least doom had mazes and keys, this game tells you exactly where to go. Other gams have pulled this off better hundreds of times. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,214870,10263875,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TheGZeus,"It's ugly and it crashes.I can't play for long enough to find out much more, other than the intro videos are unskippable, the audio's broken for video playback, and Skyrim with 800 mods would load faster.I'm glad I got the complete collection, because I can probably get Black Edition running under Wine.I'm still quite angry.UPDATE:I did indeed get Black Edition running under WINE, and not only does it work, it looks better than this garbage, and runs faster. I get a decent framerate at 1080p!This game choked until it crashed, which didn't take long.Oh, and the massive install size for the complete game (incomplete without DLC!!!) was rather annoing, too.Just get the original, and move on. Why did the franchise survive so long."
,Not Recommended,214870,8073702,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,"Telmo ""Trooper""","The gameplay resembles Serious Sam, but in this case the level design is awful, most maps are composed of square rooms with some decoration. It's just boring, don't buy it."
,Recommended,214870,8032576,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Public enemy︻デ═,http://store.steampowered.com/app/214870/
,Recommended,214870,23576235,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,Really fun to play with friends but it was really short.
76561198024220128,Not Recommended,214870,18914197,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,deathxnotex,"The game does not work and no one has recieved proper technical support, PKHD-Win32-shipping.exe is crashing the game everytime i try to launch it. No checking game file integrity does nothing at all to fix this problem."
76561197984765152,Not Recommended,214870,14771687,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,DarthPostalDude,"This is a HD remake of painkiller which came out in 2004.The graphics don’t look much better, two thirds of the game was removed and what should have been in the game is sold to you as DLC, so that’s an extra £30 on top of the £18 you spent on this, so the actual game length not including the DLC is about three hours.So do not get this, just get painkiller black it runs on modern systems pretty well and it has the full version including the first expansion pack battle out of hell.MY REVIEW OF PAINKILLER BLACK (RECOMMEDED) (since it won't let me post it and it keeps saying that I need to play it for five minutes when I've played 17.4 hours of it)Painkiller is a fully old school shooter from 2004.The story is about a man called Daniel who dies in a car crash with his wife, his wife goes to heaven and he is stuck in purgatory, he is assigned to kill Satan’s generals, he is also aided by a woman named Eve. The story is stupid and crappy and takes itself too seriously and just like every other old school shooter it is almost forgotten during gameplay and really doesn’t matter at all.Since this is an old school shooter you do what you’d expect you would do which is going from point A to B killing everything along the way. You go through these large and well-designed levels killing all of the enemies to activate the exit point, the enemies spawn in and each area is locked off until all of the enemies in the area are killed, and each new area you’ll go to will have a save point. In painkiller you have some fun and interesting weapons such as: the painkiller which is basically a propeller blade on the end of a stick, a shotgun crossed with a gun that can freeze enemies, a stake gun that also fires grenades, a rocket launcher that’s also a mini-gun, and a gun that shoots shurikens and lightning. You also move fairly slowly but you can gain momentum by bunny hopping.The music is one of the best soundtracks I’ve ever heard in a game, all of the music is all rock that is really good and really fits the gameplay, the soundtrack is so good that there have been times where I have killed all of the enemies and wished that the music didn’t stop playing.Battle out of hellBattle out of hell is the first expansion pack for painkiller and there’s only one chapter but it lasts for ten levels and it adds in a multi- stake gun that also shoots explosive balls, and a machinegun crossed with a flamethrower.Problems:Strict health system: since painkiller is an old school shooter you’d be playing it on a high difficulty, but is where this problem happens the most, the health system is really strict since there are very few health pick-ups lying around a level and they only give back 25 health and a lot of the health you’ll collect comes from the souls of the enemies and one soul=one health and the souls take quite a small while to appear and once you’ve killed everyone in the area a lot of them will have disappeared.Very small hit boxes on enemies: the hit boxes in this game are so small that if you fire a rocket into a group of enemies, unless you are aiming directly at one of them the rocket will just fly right through a whole group of enemies, this also applies for the stake gun.The haze effect: when you get hit by a melee weapon in this game it does this annoying haze effect where everything will be blurry for a second which causes the framerate to tank to maybe ten frames a second.The enemy AI: the enemy AI isn’t very smart which is fine since in every other old school shooter the AI isn’t very smart and its meant to be like that but in painkiller its much worse to the point where they will get stuck on objects or you’ll just be searching for one enemy who’s stuck in a corner somewhere when you’ve killed everyone else.The boss fights: the boss fights in painkiller are probably the worst part about the game, since during the boss fights there are large destructible physics objects such as pillars that will constantly get stuck in your way making you a sitting duck, there are also unnecessary design choices such as this one boss where after you’ll take all of his health away he’ll destroy the floor putting you and him to the next floor below which keeps killing you because of the fall damage.Sadly the music in battle out of hell is nowhere near as good is it is in the original game.Despite these problems Painkiller is a very good game with entertaining gunplay and combat but will fall a little short due to these problems, it’s not as good as DOOM or serious Sam but you should play this if you like old school shooters."
76561198053620196,Not Recommended,214870,9463560,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,TomokoNyan,"Do not buy this game, it is nothing more than a HD remake of the original game. Same levels, same enemies, same weapons, same music, same sound effects. Save yourself the time and money and buy Painkiller: Black Edition, original game and comes with all the levels that were cut from this one. Do not let yourself be cheated."
76561198054382705,Not Recommended,214870,17686718,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,dsastrigger,"Before buying it I expected more of this game. Instead, I got this terror-ish FPS. Here are the bad points:- dull animations;- all of the background story is skippeed;- gameplay is  kinda weird... the guns don't reload and it gets repetitive very soon;- confusing HUD; some elements aren't self-explanatory;- confusing maps and dumb enemies; I lost some minutes to find the last enemy (who was standing doing nothing) to finally advance to the next area;- there are no explanations at all aboutt the weapons you find. Just try it out and see what happens.But the music is good. The only redeeming factor I could find here."
,Recommended,214870,22648138,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Flanno,Good for when you have the urge to maim and kill
,Recommended,214870,15862716,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,C₉H₁₃N,Giocatore Singolo: 7Campagna: 7Grafica: 7Difficoltà: 7Varietà: 5Multiplayer: 5Versus: 6Cooperativa: 6Modalità: 5Server: 4Community: 4
,Not Recommended,214870,23963548,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Zeydan,"This game has multiplayer but its a desert or a ghost town.As i read this is a ""improved"" version of another game 10 years old which is ""PAINKILLER BLACK"" and as a new comer to this franchise it felt lazy, the hud and much of the thing are not friendly, even the time i play was not enough to figure it out every type of pickup for sure.this is a game aiming to take the money for nostalgia people who have played the previous games. not even bother to buy this one."
76561198058021908,Recommended,214870,14427746,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chocolate Fitzgerald,"SHOOT STAKES , KILL , PICK SOULS , BE A DEMON , LOVE CATHERINEIn that specific order."
,Recommended,214870,13776699,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Swamp,
,Recommended,214870,25827605,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Abu Tahseen,"Nice remake, has the atmosphere of the original"
76561198057321282,Not Recommended,214870,34681082,Posted: 2 September,all,Milo0s,"The game has passed its prime.Graphics are fine for its release date and gameplay is fast paced, lots of shooting with no reload time and bosses are pretty cool.Story is absolute rubbish. Progressing makes no sense, one level is not connected to the next in any way.Ive never played this game before so i have no idea what stages are included and which are not but the game is not worth the $5 anymore.Definitly not keen to put anymore time into it."
76561198147016964,Not Recommended,214870,23432911,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TheLordOfTheAshes,The campaign is especially  boring and the gameplay is very repetitive (even for an arena shooter).
76561198079623027,Recommended,214870,23527629,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Oceng Man,I remember this as my first computer game I got and I loved it.
76561198022792811,Not Recommended,214870,35059973,Posted: 19 September,all,Winston Peters,Gets boring pretty quickly. Just non-stop moving and left clicking.
,Not Recommended,214870,35059371,Posted: 19 September,all,☺Adequate☺,"Repetitive game, consisting of going to an area, killing the horde rinse and repeat until you face a boss and then repeat that for 4 times. Overall very bory got to about 5/6th of the way then quit just because it was tiresome to play. Its like a exceptionally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Doom with a constant barrage of the same unimaginitive enemies that frankly feel all the same and weapons that feel like super soakers that have no sense of power or usefullness. Only thing it has going for it is strafe jumping to increase your speed. story is also quite unimaginitive.3/10"
,Recommended,214870,10700033,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nazgulik,Legendary.
,Recommended,214870,33641564,Posted: 18 July,all,Raptomex,Recommended if you acquire the DLC along with it. Check out our video review.https://youtu.be/Dp2uKM5Rt68
,Not Recommended,214870,19681982,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ahab,It's boring and repetitive from the get go and feels like a chore to play which is a shame because it'd have only needed to change a few small things for it to be fun.It has a nice artstyle at least.
,Not Recommended,214870,18900983,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,dydx,The Mac port is unplayable.
,Recommended,214870,25547267,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,gijs008,Great game!
,Recommended,214870,25492803,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Storm,so much fun
,Not Recommended,214870,8383500,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dalton,JUST NO.JUST... GOD NO.DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT GETTING THIS GAME.LIKE HOLY ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,214870,22763561,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ayatee,try to understand in less than two hours that this game is garbage
,Recommended,214870,11546252,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,丹西-壹參參柒,Good game !
,Recommended,214870,8201138,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Painkiller is, to be honest, a no brainer. It's basically run & gun. But, run & gun extraordinairé. The strenght lies within the weapons. Beaitifully crafted and very diverse in their uses. Every weapon has at least 2 functions, allowing for a devistating and fun whirlwind of splatter mania. Another good thing is the option to play the entire story campaign in Co-Op. So gear up with some friends and show the minions of hell what pain means.You might be thinking: Hey, I've seen this before,..Serious Sam? Yes, Serious Sam is just about the same stuff. No brains, tons of shooting with no actual purpose. The violence is the purpose.If you're just looking for a good and solid Co-Op experience for in between the more serious games; get Painkiller. As long as you like games similar to the Serious Sam series."
,Recommended,214870,7755041,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ChaosReigner,"Probably made by Juggalos, but it's a good stupid time."
,Recommended,214870,23244392,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,7.5/10 TJBs
76561197998447992,Not Recommended,214870,34727052,Posted: 3 September,all,bjb1959,"game wouldn't start at all. just crashed using nvidia 378 driver. upgraded driver to latest, 384, now the game sort of starts (get errors but it does start) but none of the keys work, can't move, jump, fire nothing. just sits there. requested a refund since the developers aren't maintaining the game."
,Not Recommended,214870,22821381,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,siegarettes,you go to hell and spend a lot of time waiting for enemies to find you.
76561198061750921,Not Recommended,214870,29900399,Posted: 13 February,all,DeadMan_Playing,"enemies are super dumb, they basically rush you all the time.if they don't rush you, it means they're stuck on something.level design is lazy, uninterresting. Cliché story, but that was to be expected.all in all, i got bored after an hour. Didn't get to see the big bosses, but i doubt it would have changed my mind.and multiplayer is utterly dead.Keep your coins for something else."
76561198006288599,Not Recommended,214870,19711544,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"I bought this game a while ago because it was darn near free when I bought it and boy was it worth every penny. This has got to be among one of the worst games I've ever played. I'm pretty sure playing this game gave me some kind of disease. SO... if you like cheesey games, and want to make fun of it like some sort of twist to Mystery Science Theater 3000, go for it. Otherwise, save your money. My rating is a flat 1/10.Absolutely dreadful..."
76561198187144221,Recommended,214870,24397606,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,TheGunProject 2,dis sh!t alright but not dat gud
76561198090119345,Not Recommended,214870,22191684,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,боярышник,This game SUXX!
,Recommended,214870,34209929,Posted: 13 August,all,Barney (Ingi),"Bought this game to try and sort out my headache, hasn't worked, last time I shop online for drugs."
,Recommended,214870,4229612,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,The best Mash&Smash game!
76561198036336832,Not Recommended,214870,22693491,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,facebreak,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It looks fun as hell til you get in game and realize how bad the enviroment and enemies work.  If someone swings at you, even if you back up, move whatever, it hits. They will stand in place while your running around and swing and hit you.  Can jump on tombs in the begining but cant jump over tombstones, makes sence.  I played all of 30 mins and on hard so I'm sure you get some crazy stuff later, but wow, really needs some work on the basics."
76561198048737635,Not Recommended,214870,29447402,Posted: 23 January,all,Highcrusader,"Me and a friend bought this on sale - about a year ago.  It's SO BAD.  There are no redeeming qualities.  We had medium difficulty connecting to eachother.  The graphics were ok, but not amazing, and the art direction wasn't original.  The gameplay itself was the biggest let down.  We were looking for a slugfest to get us laughing and dying, and what we got was running around a pillar shooting until the thing chasing us died.  Not worth the time, and we got this CHEAP."
76561198021757575,Recommended,214870,3380755,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Incipit Satan,Ehhhhh Not to Shabby!!!
76561198003660262,Not Recommended,214870,23743347,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,guy666,Pro = $2 on summer sale con = repetitive 30-50 enemy group fights then checkpoint throught the whole game seems like a multiplayer solo bot match terrible game.
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,214870,21248641,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,Nope
76561198060187334,Not Recommended,214870,25532980,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,niio,"boooring. each level is the same, boring guns, after few levels, we quit playing this game even in coop, cause it doesnt has deeper sense. really does not recommend even if you can get it free..."
,Not Recommended,214870,25226236,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MetAteM(Sam Carder),Buy serious sam instead.
,Not Recommended,214870,9862540,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,vasyan,"Upgraded and expensive. Check Black Edition, much cheaper and has everything in it. PK:HD is split into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of DLCs."
,Recommended,214870,25970354,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SMALLVILLE,✔✔✔said it all...
,Not Recommended,214870,10230120,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Terepin,"It feels good, but it's filled with bugs and glitches, even 0-day ones, almost behind every corner and many of them are game-breaking."
,Not Recommended,214870,12789933,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ManuVice,it's crap... Has nothing to do with the classic PK
76561198182061474,Not Recommended,214870,22921679,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,crazy chick,This game does not work at all well on a mac. Its ridiculous.
76561197977267103,Recommended,214870,15231789,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Conspiracy Theory,"Although Different... to the following games...This run & gun wizardry isA mix of Serious Sam 3andMax Payne 3andAcidblended with a bit of Olde Testament Revenge & Slavery nonsense.With some Quake 3 and God Of War thrown in.Get it (especially while its on sale); if you want to keep your cobwebs at bay.Now let me get back to some work Steam.... stop selling games, I need my life back.... :D:)"
76561198041125611,Not Recommended,214870,12569328,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Cheese Spoon,"Boring, repetitive,♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics"
,Not Recommended,214870,12369076,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,gregical,"This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ The graphic on picture is a lie. When you enter game, no sharp graphics. Only hacker play this game, because when you enter spawn, they one shot in head cya"
76561198065345348,Recommended,214870,7473005,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,SEXY JAFAR,PAIN.. PAIN.. PAIN.. KILLER !!<3
76561198055460611,Recommended,214870,10639259,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bruiser8505,this game is pretty fun
76561198044972349,Recommended,214870,10648902,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Doomed Anus,"The game is absolutely amazing. The story is pretty good, it has a gameplay style similar to old school games like doom and quake, the weapons are amazing and very unique, and the enemies and characters look amazing. I got the game on sale but I think it would be worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,214870,10668472,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DenZuroDot,"lol idk why i didn't recommend this game.... but this game is good for me, but... eh....but..........i still dont know :p"
76561198044136540,Recommended,214870,10660759,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dungeon Master,"Painkiller Black (Painkiller + Battle out of Hell)Painkiller OverdosePainkiller ResurrectionPainkiller RedemptionPainkiller Recurring EvilPainkiller Hell & Damnationtemporary review, with the chronological order of games."
76561198044250626,Recommended,214870,10462866,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Turai,"Doesn't work properly on Linux, sometimes the sound doesn't work and other times it simply won't start.I can't comment on the gameplay, but if you're planning on playing this on Linux, stay away."
,Not Recommended,214870,10469746,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,KiwiArmy,"quick warning for linux users, STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!i have tried every possible solution and nothing works it will crash 100% of the time.don't waste your money go buy something else."
76561198008106272,Recommended,214870,10535505,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,GoblinZeroX,"Recommend for the Pro gamer. Wanna test your shooting reflexes than you have come to the right place. lots of epic shoot-outs and flying body parts, especially challenging on nightmare mode or higher."
,Recommended,214870,10360675,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Simple!!!™,i like this game.is good game
,Not Recommended,214870,10362713,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,BEEL,"The gameplay was good, very similar to the original. Fun weapons, good music, intense shooting.The story is admittedly pretty dumb and cheesy. Melodrama, corny lines, getting into a fight with the grim reaper himself.Pretty much the only negative thing I have to say is, I didn't get what I thought I was getting. I thought it was a full HD remake of the original. (Painkiller H & D, right?) but it ended up being a weird hybrid remake + sequel.There are a lot of levels missing from the original, and the story is changed up in a way I didn't like.All in all, I say...Don't buy this one. Go buy Painkiller: Black instead."
76561198113867642,Not Recommended,214870,10363997,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Robotic Melody,eh
,Recommended,214870,10346259,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,DANEgerous,"Classic FPS feel in first person. There was a time long ago when Call of Duty was not around and name like Tribes and Unreal dominated the game market. This is a call back to that time, a time that you got faster in more way than holding Ctrl or Shift and realism and mimicking real guns was the last thing on anyone mind as they likely found that to be rather dull. Painkiller Hell and Damnation will give you you bunny hoping soul eating fix without the need for 5+ friends."
,Not Recommended,214870,10512907,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Charlie McRapekit,"If you like achievement hunting and HD graphics, Hell and Damnation might appeal to you. If you don't care about any of those things, then just stick with Painkiller: Black edition instead. H&D has only half the content Black Edition does---at double the price (excluding dlcs). 2.0/5.0"
76561198085282940,Recommended,214870,10731241,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MUZZY2K,played this game on the original xbox and its still awesome.
76561197972368707,Not Recommended,214870,10722312,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,⎛⎝ Mr Pennywise ⎠⎞,This game was WAY to easyhope the diff ones i got are better
,Recommended,214870,10586416,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Such Spooky Flame,I miss Shooters like this. I can only hope they make a comeback some day.
,Recommended,214870,7550843,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"Just some good old mindless demon killing, no tricky puzzles or anything of that sort to be found here.Oh and did I mention the kickass music that kicks in when you fight these unholy monsters?"
76561198053697335,Recommended,214870,5660519,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,millert80,"Great game,reminds me of the old school shooters like Doom & Shadow Warrior."
,Recommended,214870,10274176,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,NIRdaMEESEEKS,great game
,Recommended,214870,10274311,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"Great remake of a masterpiece old school FPS! Very funny single player, coop and multiplayer. MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,214870,10275333,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Gone2Lake,"Got this one on sale, CHEAP, like $4 and wow, what a bargain, this game is fast paced shooter frenzy.  It reminds me of the pace of say.... Serious Sam.  Very quick play, graphics are great, the soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥and for $4 this is an absolutely great buy.  The storyline is kinda silly but I'm in my 40's so I could easily see the young gamers really getting into this.  Plenty of evil to go around.End of the line, it's a great game, get it, play it, own it."
,Recommended,214870,10275781,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Wolfman,Let the murder begin... IN HELL!
,Recommended,214870,10276039,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,qwrty,если нравиться крутой сэм то покупайте не думаяIf you like Serious Sam then buy without thinking
,Recommended,214870,10277190,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Raunien1,Potato/10 would play on an infinite loop.
76561197965958049,Not Recommended,214870,10277590,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Krek,"Huge disappointment, though the title had evolved some since 2004. Not event worth play in co-op (if you can get it up and running that is...)"
76561197963067702,Not Recommended,214870,10277597,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,j0net,Worse than having your living guts gnawed out of your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't spend your money on this miserable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of the 90s Doom-clone-a-thon.
,Not Recommended,214870,10321688,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,marblestar1989,"I'm not sure what's going on with my digital copy of PKHD, but it's been running poorly on ""10.6.8."" The screen freezes like somebody was taking a picture from Mac's Photo Booth, and the mouse doesn't know whether it should stay on your desktop or on the game itself! This wasn't happening before, what happened? It was running smoothly yesterday. How can this be fixed and unprevented? C,mon, it's 4 dollars that I'm never getting back, so why not just make an update/patch and fix the problem!"
,Recommended,214870,9806203,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Veez,"It's been a while since I've played an FPS where the guns were equal parts ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and totally ridiculous. Heavy metal soundtrack, a genuinely interesting bunch of things to shoot, really quite interesting visuals in general, a minigun that's also a rocket launcher and a gun that shoots shurikens and lightening. I wish I was making those weapons up, they're totally real.Only downside is the story and voice acting are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but who cares, you have a gun that shoots shurikens and lightening for crying out loud.If you're a fan of FPS games before the flood of Modern Military Shooters, you owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198080896629,Recommended,214870,9446507,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,[OMGP]The1n0nly!,"This game is extremely fun.  Unfortunately, it likes to crash for me randomly, but this is probably due to being on linux.  I would still suggest this game to anyone that asks.  It's a lot like an FPS version of Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,214870,6625074,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Alucard,CHE CAZZO DI GIOCO!!! COMPRATEVELO ASSOLUTAMENTE
,Recommended,214870,140035,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Shutey,"The new graphics and weapons are a nice touch to the game, but sadly the game only has some of the maps from the original Painkiller and the add-on Battle out of Hell. I'd only recommend it over the original if you're keen on co-op."
,Recommended,214870,9074080,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,HyenaSwitch,This game is wonderfully cathartic experience. Pure run-gun-fun.
,Recommended,214870,9542894,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,DarKneSS,"muito bom, recomendo!! Principalmente proque também tem Coop"
,Recommended,214870,17238905,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Omar,Not a bad of a game it just has bad boss battles and quite short game. but with all honesty I havnt tried  the multiplayer.
,Recommended,214870,16711159,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Tuler Wee,I'd buy it yo10/10 - IGN
,Recommended,214870,17356128,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Terijan,Fun game.
76561197976528105,Recommended,214870,14495304,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,"Good game, not as good as the original though. Somehow the charm is lost in this re-boot. Still a good game though. 7/10"
76561198119697181,Recommended,214870,18946452,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Chayyse,"This game is awesome. Solid graphics, smooth weapon mechanics, great enemies, and a really unique arsenal. Always loved shotguns and this one is another reason why. The only complain I have is that the soundtrack loops like every 10 seconds -_-Great game you should get it."
,Recommended,214870,18962606,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,North Korea is the best,"It's Serious Sam with demons, buy it."
76561198254721507,Recommended,214870,18841276,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ezoe,They remaked it well.
,Recommended,214870,6596656,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Ебаный Дельфинарий,Купи поиграем!!! Будет весело!
76561198052359732,Recommended,214870,18643650,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Drunk mom making a difference,"Surprisingly good remake if you dont mind the new ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting. As all the previous Painkiller games before, this one doesent have much of a plot either and you just jump around killing things. The only minus thing is that the game is very short without the DLC::s and so on too expensive. Its like the Black Edition but only very much  shorter.BUY THE GAME WHEN ITS ON SALE!! - Its not worth 20€!!"
76561198114843139,Recommended,214870,18821422,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Evil-Disco,If you like old school shooters like DOOM or Serious Sam then you will like this!
,Not Recommended,214870,18211660,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CYBER,Do yourself a favor and play the original game. The CO-OP Mode is not worth it.
,Recommended,214870,19126441,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,daughtermurder™,Get it on sale or don't get it at all.Beat the game in about 7 hours on Hard. Would I go through and play it again? Maybe a long while from now. Doesn't have the same staying power with me as Serious Sam has.
,Not Recommended,214870,17759568,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Vermyndax,"Doesn't run very well on a brand new 2015 Macbook Pro with a 2gb ATI card. I guess I'll try it in Windows. But regardless, the gameplay is brainless and silly. Also, if you're trying to run it full screen on a Mac, for some reason this game has a really tough issue with that. You have to load the game and hit cmd-tab to get out of the window, then click the green bubble to make it full screen. I have to do that on every launch. It's rather irritating. Why port a game to Mac in such a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way?"
,Not Recommended,214870,17558481,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,NativeDragon,HORRIBLE COOP
,Not Recommended,214870,16750910,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sleve McDichael,This game would have an infinite amount of positive reviews from me if it was actually the game. I shouldn't have assumed this was an HD remake. The cut half the game out and utterly butchered the story to make it seem as if it took place after the original game. The worst part is that they sell the other half of the friggen game as DLC. You're better off buying the original.
76561198202085870,Not Recommended,214870,17901445,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,nazirdaud1,Enjoyed the game in the beginning - got bored very soon after - either game is not that good - or I am hard to please!
76561197987911254,Recommended,214870,1150933,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,JhonJuego,bala bala al mejor estilo de DOOM 1 y 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214870,13797793,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,STNC | Gravy Boy,"I usually don't write reviews for games, however I do feel the need to do a serious one just this once since the original painkiller is a childhood game for me and this is a remake of said game. This review may be a bit lengthy, as I will be analyzing most aspects of the game. You have been warned.POTENTIAL SPOILERS IM SORRYSo the original painkiller (now called Painkiller: Black Edition(THOSE RACISTS- just kidding))was, and still does, hold a special place in my heart as it was the first fps game I ever played (Age 4. Not a good idea but whatever  my parents didn't care so i played it anyway and still play it to this day). Then I recently discovered this game here, Painkiller Hell and Damnation, a remake of that old game I love and cherished so much. So I bought it, played it completely. Just finished it a few minutes ago before writing this review.Throughout my playthrough of the game there were a few things that seemed a bit off to me, but there were some things that I actually enjoyed. The overall gameplay I enjoyed. Nice graphics, fun high action gameplay as painkiller always has done masterfully, then I ran into some things that didn't seem quite right.Here's a quick little list of pros and cons.PROS-Fast paced, energetic gameplay-Interesting new concept introduced with the soul catcher and it's ability to shoot saw blades, suck in souls from a distance, and turn your enemies to fight for you.-Improved graphics-Multiplayer is fairly niceCONS-Much much shorter than the first game-Ending is very anticlimactic. They tried to create a thrilling cliffhanger and all it did was make me mad at the guys that designed this game for trying to drag me into DLC.-Weird, strangely placed, and really unneeded cutscenes.-Voice acting leaves a lot to be desired, but that's really not what you play Painkiller for is it?-Fights can seem repetitive at times-Literally nobody playing multiplayer (at the times that I've checked the server listings)-Soundtrack is not as hardcore and intense as the last game. I used to headbang to the first game's soundtrack while playing. Not saying it turned out well, but thats besides the point. The soundtrack in this game leaves much to be desired. Soundtrack gets repetitive, annoying, and sometimes really unfitting.-Levels are pretty much ported straight from the first game, and many are cut out of this game completely. In my opinion it seems as if the developers picked which levels they thought were the best in their eyes and just spruced up the graphics on the ones that were chosen-Overall difficultyESPECIALLY THE BOSSESseems much easier than the original game. I dont know about you, but I want my boss fights to be harder than the rest of the basic enemies.-SO MUCH DLC-THE DLC IS RIDICULOUS-WHY IS THERE DLC IN PAINKILLER THAT SHOULDN'T HAPPEN EVERIn conclusion, the game has many flaws yes, but something kept me coming back to play more. The game was enjoyable. It wasn't as great as the original Painkiller game, but something about it was fairly entertaining. I would really recommend Painkiller: Black edition over this, but if you're more of a graphics over gameplay type of person, which I know many people are, then I would say get this one instead.Personal rating: 67/100Happy killing!"
,Recommended,214870,17704449,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,weed4speed,I Love Thet Game
,Recommended,214870,10899930,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Matius,Dobry port na linuxa
76561198017272126,Recommended,214870,16964050,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,King Vlad,"I honestly have to say that this game is a great remake of Painkiller: Black Edition. Sure, some minor flaws here or there, but the overall experience is great. It's worth the $20."
,Recommended,214870,16926319,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,★H4rdG4M3r★,If u are angry or bored u can ♥♥♥♥ some monsters up hah.. Love it's soundtrack and possibility of coop :3
76561198086274171,Not Recommended,214870,18023688,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,streetpavementent,needs update for smoother graphics and drains cpu slows down game speed
,Recommended,214870,14061970,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Drenath,"Back-to-basics FPS that's reat, mindless fun. Very straightforward level design, you won't ever be ""lost"" in this game. The outrageous weapons are definitely a strong point. Decent replayability."
76561197974246369,Not Recommended,214870,14259989,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spekkio,I don't understand this.
,Recommended,214870,5694990,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,.aℓx,"Been playing this for about an hour and i'm loving it! it's like a mixture of a FPS God of War, DOOM and Diablo. Great game!"
76561198012426359,Not Recommended,214870,9469992,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,YourMutha,"this game isn't worth the money it costed me. The enemies always run faster than you, and their attack range is long, it's stupid. For example, i was running backwards and shooting the enemy. i can see him swing his sword at me from far away and it STILL hits me no matter what. It's like your supposd to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of damage and die for dumb reasons."
,Recommended,214870,14183243,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,M_W,"The only good Painkiller game since the first expansion. Plays like a ""best of"" of the original game, with shinier graphics, and DLC levels of questionable value. If this is your first time playing, I'd recommend picking up the original Black Edition first, but you can certainly do worse than this. Whatever you do, avoid anything else in the Painkiller series; it's all utter garbage."
76561198066491848,Recommended,214870,14185605,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Roommaster,good painkiller game
,Recommended,214870,14186543,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Nacho Cheese,Not overly the top like some other FPS. But this really good game play and a great soundtrack.
,Recommended,214870,14217252,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,### eM,Cool
,Recommended,214870,14974384,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,fsLeg,"It is a good game by itself. Lots of monsters, several unique weapons, beautiful environment, fun to play. There's one problem with this game, though: it claims to be Painkiller, but it fails.Why does it fail? Because it's not the original game, it's an attempt to re-create the original Painkiller (and its subsequent addons/mods) in a new engine. The engine is good, the amount of work done is formiddable, but it just not the same. The game mechanics are a bit off and it really hinders the gameplay if you are a fan of the original game, because you try to play this clone as if it was the original. At least that's the case for me. Veteran players will most likely adjust pretty quickly, and it'll be much easier for the new players because they don't have any previous Painkiller experience. I think it would be much better for the game if it was something original, not trying to be what it's not.My verdict: it's a decent game, definitely recommend it to those who are into this type of games. As for the original Painkiller fans... Try it, you may even like it, but it's just not the same."
76561198066879382,Recommended,214870,14529184,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MezarciX86,There is not much to say as you will have almost the same gaming mechnanics as the old one but with enhanced graphics. Thus only recommended for old school gamers and gamers who played old series. It is a shame that some of the best maps come with the DLC. Some of the DLC maps are crap by the way.
,Recommended,214870,14704645,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Schwifty Rick,"If you like Serious Sam and Doom, you will love this game. This a sequel to Painkiller: Black Edition. All maps are redone in HD, and are now arranged in an order that feels much more organized. There is more variation in enemies on levels instead of the same enemies. This game is more fast paced than the first, and includes some new weapons, and some are only attainable through DLC. The DLC is a must, and adds even more of the maps from the first game, but with some changes and new boss, and old, boss fights. I only briefly touched upon the third-person top down DLC, but i'm hoping that Lucifer makes a return somehow. I have not touched the multiplayer yet, but I'm assuming it's like any Quake game.5/5, must play."
76561198203965288,Recommended,214870,14593189,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,22 DeathGrip,"Game looks, sounds, and plays great. However, contains few levels, with many of the levels from previous expansion packs available as DLC.Not a good monetary value, however the singleplayer content itself including the PKHD titles and DLC, in combination, make for a fantastic gaming experience, particularly if you haven't played PK before. It's pricy, so perhaps just wishlist it for a sale later, but for fans of the original Painkiller, considering that this remake is the absolute best old-school FPS game to come out recently ( better than Serious Sam 3:BFE, Bulletstorm, and others)if you want an old school gaming experience shooting down demons with exotic weapons you really cant do much better than Painkiller: HD"
76561198122531830,Recommended,214870,14321231,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dosbox907,"A lot of hate on here, but as for me... I enjoyed it.A throw back to the ""good ole days"" of the FPS genre, the original game and the remake keep it true and simple.Combat is solid, and what you'd expect. boss fights are big and the monsters are everywhere.The levels have different themes to keep this pureist shooter interesting, and all in all just a good game for what it set out to be.No game is without it's faults though, the cut scenes are cringe worthy. the 2nd difficulty setting is WAYY too easy.damn short game without DLC, and multiplayer is a joke.Get it on a sale, give it a run. good stuff."
,Recommended,214870,14302726,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Sir Fabulous,"all i have to say is they have guns, demons, dismemberment and tons of other things. the thing i didnt like about it is the lack of levels, the game is short but the game has multiplayer and co op campaign which is nice. the soundtrack makes you feel badass and all that stuff"
76561198083003792,Recommended,214870,14602276,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,wind.oleg,"Very good remake, which proves that Painkiller didn't get old after all those years.It has all the cool maps, cool weapons and cool boss fights.Let's just pretend that there were no other Painkillers, but the very first one, Battle out of Hell and Hell & Damnation.Worth playing."
,Not Recommended,214870,11521306,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ангелымогутошиба,"Old engine, pretty laggy on linux (2014/08).But improvements are announced, this team make efforts."
,Recommended,214870,16008481,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Ace Rimmer,"It's a remake of Painkiller Black, with maybe 1/2 the levels.  Plays exactly the same as the original but some of the levels have tweaks with secrets being in different places etc, there's a new weapon a new plot which is about as good as the first one..bad (but that doesn't matter cause the game is awesome).   To get the rest of the levels in original painkiller you have to pay 6.99 for roughly 3 levels, and some of the old levels are entirely left out.  Get it if you love painkiller but if you want a good game that's a good time sink without all the dlcs go for painkiller black."
,Not Recommended,214870,10924491,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RobLoach,"Every enemy just runs straight towards you and fires. After playing for a couple hours, I felt like I had seen the whole game. Boring, un-inspired, and not really worth much more of my time.... Worth the $1 I spent on it, however."
,Recommended,214870,13075524,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,thelegend27,"Painkiller Hell & Damnation - 7 /10(I got this for $2, and haven't played the DLC's)To be honest, I enjoyed this game a lot. Please note that I haven't played any other Painkiller games.This is supposed to be a modern remake of the original. Graphics are flat out stunning. PC version is solid, and eyefinity / ultrawide resolutions are supported. However, FOV doesn't scale properly, and is a bit annoying.Story is pretty bland. Gameplay is where it's at. Very serious sam-like, lots of enemies, and lots of big guns. It's just flat out fun to play. Boss fights are also enjoyable. I'd recommend it to anybody who likes old school shooters."
,Recommended,214870,12866725,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,rexfire027,nice arcade style shooter I recommend getting it on sale though because the missions are repetittive and story is mimimal but great bosses and cool guns make this 7.75/10
76561197989569539,Recommended,214870,1223908,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,ICEM4ST3R,A TOTAL RETURN TO PAST.
76561198050479908,Recommended,214870,13125299,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Supreme Commander Zorg,I wanted to play this game for so long.  They were going to release something on the original Xbox and did not.  When I got a laptop a couple of years ago it was my first purchase.It is an old school FPS.  Which is good.  None of this telling multiple story garbage that is so popular with Call of Duty or Battlefield.  Your woman has been dragged to hell you have to go and get her and blat as many nasties on the way as possible.What is good about this is the game play is so good.  This game is not so far removed from Doom.  You have to gun down wave upon wave of nasties.I know I am not explaining myself well.  It is just that the game is so good words fail me.Though do not expect to be playing Call of Duty Advanced Warfare.  The graphics are good but they are not jaw dropping.Mostly unlimited ammo to bring justice to hell.  Imaginative levels.  Have you ever wanted to play a Dark Carnival inspired shooter?  Well you get to in a few levels in this game.Overall recommended.
,Recommended,214870,6729492,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,FroZeN,90/100 car pas assez de  niveau sinon super cool comparer au autres painkiller
76561198045977316,Recommended,214870,5175685,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Seifer,Brainless Shooter...GREAT!!!
,Recommended,214870,15052244,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,inDe_eD,Not as bad as some of the other new games. VERY fun for multiplayer.
76561198140102323,Recommended,214870,15159751,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,captain_dogballs,"It's a hd remake of a great game from the golden age of explosions.Awesome guns.Explosions.No story whatsoever (skip it)Fast paced.The music is good but very repetitive, it is probably better to make your own playlist and turn it off.Honestly the last boss is better in the remake in that in the original he wasnt actually a boss at all.If you like killing hundreds of orphans and other creatures for no reason get it.It is shorter by alot, however it feels better paced."
,Recommended,214870,15190239,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Moonkingdomify,"Painkiller Hell and Damnation is the first game I have played in the franchise and I have to say I love it. One thing I have to say is that if you're not into ultraviolence or you don't enjoy games that have constant satanistic symbols then you will not like this game. The game takes place in Hell and you're job is to collect seven thousand souls for Death, a job much easier said, then done. At first glance the game looks like your standard run and gun game, but after you play it for a bit it gains a feeling very silimar to the original Doom games. You have an array of weapons at your disposal, all of which have a secondary fire. Painkiller Hell and Damnation is one of those games that you shouldn't care about the story of, the pleasure of the game is all in the gameplay and the always satisfying ability to mow down enemies  that are coming at you from all angles. As with many other games the game gets progressively harder, Satan will throw more and more enemies at you often leading to a room having over a hundred enemies in a room that you will have to dispose of. The game can be difficult at times, but when you die you know that it's your fault due to some mistake you made during the gameplay that caused your death rather than a programming error. This game came out in the golden era of gaming when you had to release a finished product with very few bugs and glitches and the dedication that these people put into this game really shows.I give it a solid 8/10, 2 points lost due to a lack of originality in the story."
76561198009545170,Recommended,214870,13315626,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,GENEROUS GEORGE,"Blood, guts, demons, explosions, endless gore, hordes of enemies and heavy metal. Need I say more? This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197975632897,Recommended,214870,13383537,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Rottenhead@dead,"♥♥♥♥ing Painkiller, 'nuff said..."
,Recommended,214870,14330965,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FransisKransis,Is there too much DLC? Yes.Is a lot of the content from Black Edition stripped away? Yes.Is the local Co-op laggy? Yes.But my god is the campaign thats there ♥♥♥♥ing awsome.
,Recommended,214870,10842403,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,viniri918,"I'm not generally much for the Serious Sam style FPS games, but the story for this one is good enough to get me hooked. The Grim Reaper character is pretty awesome, too."
,Recommended,214870,403344,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,TrapClap™,6.66/10 - Good game for killing time...
,Recommended,214870,10589304,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Consecratio,"Metal AF, also tons o fun to play. Old school shooty violence <3"
76561198018892935,Recommended,214870,11522663,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,AceRimmer,"Pretty good old school FPS!  It wasn't great but it was seriously above average and quite fun to play.  There were no true flaws to the game except one that pretty much damaged it for me (enough for me to lower my score for the game).  That flaw was:  In the game once you collect 60 souls you transform into a demon that kills FAST!  The problem for me was that I would transform for a fraction of a second and then go back to human.  I get 61 souls...transform to demon for a fraction of a second and then back to human.  This went as far as 72 souls.  Eventually, I would get to zero enemies and THEN I would transform and have my soul counter go back to zero...completely wasting my transformation and having no enemies to kill while transformed.UGH...The game was still fun even though I had extremly scant time as a ""demon"".I recommend this game and give it a score of 7.5/10!"
76561198066489505,Not Recommended,214870,11421519,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Saint Brandon,"bought this game on sale a few weeks ago because i enjoyed the earlier games on console and was excited to see the title with a linux release..........well several large patches later and the linux version is just as unusable as it was the day i bought it, the game itself might be awesome but i guess ill have to install it on windows to enjoy it."
,Recommended,214870,11328080,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Morgan,"A remake of an older game, Painkiller Black Edition. Painkiller is a fairly unknown game full of fast paced action and amazement."
,Recommended,214870,10336262,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Dr.Schtruts nedelya.com,It's a very good game even though it's smaller than Black edition the graphics are awesome and the gameplay is really fun coop or just by yourself
76561198056164092,Recommended,214870,12186217,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Midian,"This Game PainKiller Hell & Damnation Recenseren is a really good action game. The most players will like the Levels and also the choice off weapons u can get. I didn't like the first few levels, but then the levels are getting perfect. This is a really good shooter. i think that most people will like this game. If i could give a rating of 5 points then i  would give this game 4,2 points from the 5. I wish u players a lot of fun with this game. And i hope u will like this game."
76561198007623213,Recommended,214870,12189213,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,vdigiorgi,I pay you for these games and you did not install them Painkiller hell and damnation & full metal rocket &city critters & demonic vacation at the sea. why ?
,Recommended,214870,3980887,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,victimsofretail,"This is the ideal 'sequal to 'Painkiller' I've hoped for, and I am SO glad I bought this game! In terms of a great game for people that don't have a ton of time on their hands, this is the one. The action is great, but it's the combination of eye-candy visuals and colors, pulse-pounding music and non-stop action that make this game feel like an amusement-park with a party atmosphere all with a gothic feel. Thank you, Nordic Games! It's as if you know me!"
,Recommended,214870,16256623,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,uLILgunSISSY =D,"It took forever but they ported it to Mac and did a great job. The visuals and action are great, the areas are all original from level to level. You're going to have a fun ole time with this FPS sh'mup!"
76561198036632234,Recommended,214870,4406279,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,VanillaGorilla,Its Old school shooter gameplay (similiar to doom 1 and 2) the Unreal 3 engine looks great. the art work is awesome. the multiplayer has no one playing
,Recommended,214870,16124960,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,gruntsandwich,"It is an OK remake of the classic Painkiller game. The original Painkiller and the first two expansions (Battle Out of Hell and Overdose) were great to good. Then someone released a bunch of bad expansions (Resurrection, Recurring Evil, and Resurrection). This version of Painkiller is about the same as Black Edition (which included Battle Out of Hell and the core game) but with FEWER levels and paid DLC. This remake looks good and includes COOP (BOTH splitscreen and online). Overall this should be bought if you liked Painkiller Black Edition and want to play COOP. 7.5/10 buy under certain conditions, but Black Edition is cheaper and has more content (even with DLC)."
,Recommended,214870,2270422,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Neuf,"While lacking very much in the story department, Painkiller is an over-the-top gory fun romp through endless waves of demons. With ridiculous weapons in your hands (such as a shotgun that can freeze enemies and a soul snatcher that shoots spining saw blades) it's easy to have a mindless good time with this title."
,Recommended,214870,12751521,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mattshutter,Mindless carnage. Great fun. Lots of nostalgia and silly violence. Classic shoot em up with great GFX and sound track. Well worth the money (£2.99 in sale)
,Not Recommended,214870,15353505,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,BrassBass,"The actual plot makes no f*cking sense, so just ignore it at all costs.  I will be D A M N E D if I can figure out when the H E L L this game takes place in the timeline.Just shoot the monsters and skip the cutscenes.  This game is pretty much Painkiller: Black, but with more guns and far fewer levels.  I prefer Black over this one, FYI.4/10 Just get Black."
76561198081965553,Not Recommended,214870,15332317,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,BadRatZ,Waste of my time
,Recommended,214870,15415417,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Rapxtor,"It was very refreshing to see most of the original Painkiller content ported to Unreal Engine 3, there is definetly lots of improvements over the old engine, mostly models/animations and physics, the devs still added a few new models and changed secrets and some pickups to try give it a diferent feeling.Its true that most are remastered content, its also true that some content was released throug DLC and payed apart from PKH&D, but after the final result, most PK fans will definetly overlook such details in return of more updated experience, besides the fact that this game full package is lots of times  on sale, and that by itself, take all the argument of cash grab out.Im just going to add something about Heaven's Above DLC, i never ever had cross my mind to have so much fun in Top Down shooter in the Painkiller universe, and i really hope the dev explore that path with complete game using that same idea, bc the results are just hilarious and is blast to play.In conclusion, i definetly recommend PKH&D full package, there is the campaing, Coop and survival to keep you busy and make your money worth while, if on sale even better, and dont forget to try out Heaven`s Above for painkiller action like you never played before."
,Recommended,214870,14871822,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,rabbids2001,This game is faster than a normal arena and i really enjoyed it;the bad thing is the lenght;it's a really short game
,Recommended,214870,1410106,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,DarkFox,"The developers have masterfully adapted everything that made the original Painkiller so enjoyable to a new engine that looks fantastic and plays liquid smooth. Hell & Damnation is a hell of a remake and one of the best releases in the arcade shooter genre. If you’ve enjoyed the modern arcade shooters and have been let down by the meandering direction of Painkiller, Hell & Damnation belongs on your computer."
,Recommended,214870,14942965,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,MsDemonicRaven,played through the tutorial. this is the one and only word i have to say and have been saying. DAMN
,Not Recommended,214870,14311309,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,John Carmack's Love Child,Ugh.
76561197995957283,Recommended,214870,1655489,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Lord of Chaos,"I would say it is not a complete remake of the first installment but it feels more like a new installment as the breathe-taking graphics and stunning visuals create a new experience for anyone or fans of the series. The gameplay is similar to that of the previous games and brings in a crazy arsenal of weapons- some new and some old. The levels are either higher graphical revisions of levels from previous games with improvements or simply new levels all together. The AI is improved and poses a challenge for any player. The story is a solid idea with a comprehensive mind behind it but not an award winner to say the least. In other words, I would recommend this game to any that have played the previous installments or love first person shooters."
76561197981903819,Recommended,214870,14317089,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Serpico.09,"(Buy at sale price) This game is an HD remake of the original Painkiller. The graphics are pretty and the shooting is solid, but this would only appeal to those who enjoy old school shooters. It is more like Serious Sam because of its arena style gameplay and unlike Doom or Quake where you have to find keys and back track a lot. The campaign is extremely short (about 3 hours) but there are Community made maps and DLC (not recommended) to make up for it. A cautious recommendation."
,Recommended,214870,8228302,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jacket430,"Before most of the developers moved on to make ""Hatred"", they made Painkiller Hell & Damnation! And god damn is this game ever fantastic! If you haven't played the original Painkiller, think of it like... Serious Sam. Or Duke Nukem. Or basically any other game where you wander around and just kind of kill everything. But this game is special. As someone who didn't play a TON of the old Painkiller, I can't really make any comparisons to it as my memory is a bit hazy, but all I know is Hell and Damnation is one hell of a game. You can feel the heart that went in to making it, and I recommend taking a look at it."
76561198050096226,Recommended,214870,18027642,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Vi,"You should just get Painkiller Black Edition and force Vsync or limit Fps to 144, so it will run fine and wont crash. Old Painkiller still has alot more Levels. If you still want to get this Remake here, i give you some Advices right here.Edit* I have changed my Opinion. I'am not a big Fan of the Story Part changes or Daniels Design, Some other Parts are great in this Remake, but its also Cash grab with the DLCs. I will show you what's the best Way to enjoy this Game.This could be a lot more if the Dev's weren't so greedy. Looks like this deverse a real Remake.- I just recommend to buy only those dlcs if you want the Full Painkiller ExpierenceCity CrittersDemonic Vacation at the Blood SeaOperation ""Zombie Bunker""The Clock Strikes Meat Night- (very important) Play the Game in this Order!Act 1Town, Asylum, BridgeAct 2LabPrison, City, PentagonAct 3FactoryMonastery, Docks, RuinsCity on WaterStalingrad (i recommend to skip Bunker and Military because bad Perfomance and bad Design)Act 4- Reduce Brightness. Game is way too bright.Even some Levels are still missing, with this Order it's even better than Painkiller Black Edition. I mean just listen to the Coloseum Ost or the BOOH Weapons are also playable in the Black Edition Levels. It's so sad how great some Parts are but other things were messed up.Please just don't buy this and get Painkiller Black Edition instead. Less Painfull to play."
76561198302063419,Recommended,214870,32145825,Posted: 2 June,all,Dinostache44,Pretty good remake ;)
,Recommended,214870,6274444,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Dominicana Evstvennica,"Было бы ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ в коопе побегать, но вокруг дота♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ы =("
,Recommended,214870,32176919,Posted: 4 June,all,Nugg,"Good fun shooting demons with big guns, hunting for secrets and gather power-up cards"
,Recommended,214870,13355911,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SergioWinter,"Here you are a guy with a girlfriend or wife, whatever, the love of his live dying because of some illness, then you make a truth with the Devil to cure her, and since he is the father of all lies, it is a cheap trick to turn yourself in his soul gatherer, until you go face the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Just some context for you to go with big guns killing all kinds of creatures in a lot of different scenarios. If you like to shoot everyone you see, even the Devil that tricked you, buy this game."
76561198162995434,Recommended,214870,30285354,Posted: 2 March,all,Guard1anAng3l40,"Grew up playing painkiller, and I have to say I love this ""HD"" version. If you like old school shooters you will love this game"
76561198018446175,Recommended,214870,30183103,Posted: 25 February,all,COM/RED,"What a great Remake - Sequel. Had a lot of fun with this, just as much as with the previous Painkiller Titles :)Instant Buy"
,Recommended,214870,29167005,Posted: 10 January,all,RafiLinux,I had a lot of fun playing this game in single player mode. I had maybe 1 online match session and a few LAN deathmatch session. Multiplayer is DEAD. If you are looking for a monster blasting SP - Get this game. If you are looking for multiplayer action - LAN is your only option if you have friends who own this game.
76561198081448009,Recommended,214870,29410681,Posted: 21 January,all,DISNEY CHANNEL FLOW,"What DOOM 3 should've looked like, however buy it on sale."
76561197981218566,Not Recommended,214870,29412344,Posted: 21 January,all,GloryHound,"I guess I expected a game with some continuity between chapters, what I got was a ""Best Of"" Painkiller - which is fun in its own way, and for the price I can't complain too much.There was one very annoying bug: occasionally mouse1 and mouse2 controls switched places (for no discernable reason) and primary fire becomes secondary fire and vice versa; which can cost you a life if you don't adapt quickly.One significant glitch: in the concert hall level (whatever it's called) it is possible to get stuck and NOT BE ABLE TO ADVANCE! This happened to me when I jumped out one of the windows onto the stage. I couldn't get back to where I was and all the doors stayed locked so all I could do was restart the chapter.In my opinion: the first Painkiller is better than this one. Save your money."
,Recommended,214870,2030224,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Syndwar,True oldschool shooter!
,Recommended,214870,29707343,Posted: 4 February,all,wWwoOowWw,11/10 would shoot again :D
,Recommended,214870,31381015,Posted: 26 April,all,Tony [117],DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PAINKILLER WE ALL REMEMBER10/10
,Recommended,214870,31426435,Posted: 28 April,all,ChrisBalderst0n,"Kill the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of monsters and stuff, yaaaas"
,Recommended,214870,31967901,Posted: 26 May,all,★ §epultraxx ★,My childhoods favourite game. It is good to see this game with better graphics and DLC sections. :)
,Recommended,214870,16221312,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,crime spree,buy it
,Recommended,214870,16936049,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jello,"A classic shootem dead game.-Pros:*Good gameplay*Fun boss fights*Simplistic system with everything you would expect from a mass killing game (Did I mention you kill demons?)*Good soundtrack*Secrets that remind you of games like doom and wolfenstein*Extremely optimized*Store page matches base game perfectly*Plenty of content and missions to play*Cool story (Although not heavy)-Cons:*First boss fight has its annoying issues that can be changed, but these issues are easy to avoid once you practice the fight. It has to do with the spike placement.-Personal Thoughts: They did quite an amazing job on this game. A golden era game back from when developers actually optimized their games instead of releasing an unfinished product. A game where the developers put more than just 5 hours of content and sold it as soon as possible."
76561197963080221,Recommended,214870,33576903,Posted: 15 July,all,Tenth Speed Writer,"It's entertaining as all hell. The combat is visceral and satisfying; the soundtrack is awesome; and even the campy cut scenes just scream ""look, we're not here for the story, we're here to blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of demons."""
,Not Recommended,214870,35208750,Posted: 25 September,all,coverslide,Not as good as the original. Stick with Black Edition.
