user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198151273189,Recommended,214950,12978476,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,steve.marte,"I am not a big gamer.  I'm old.  Over 50.  When I purchased a new computer recently, wanting to take it for a spin, I asked my son what to do and he told me about Steam.  As an ancient history buff (I'm also a writer and have written a novel about the ancient Spartans), I did searches on Greece and Rome and eventurally found Rome 2.I read all the negative reviews about the launch.  Things haven't changed much in the gaming industry.  Companies have always rushed their product to market.  I imagine after spending years developing a game they end up deep in the hole and pressured by corporations like Sega to push it out - no matter how many problems exist.  That's been going on for years.  The wise thing to do is to wait.  You know there is going to be a patch.  Why not let someone else trip over all the bugs?  From what I gather, a lot of gamers just can't wait today.Anyway, I love Rome 2.  When I read about the Emperor's Edition having worked out most of the problems, I dove in.  It's been a delight.  What a great game.  It's more addicting that crack.  Being able to play so many different factions gives it limitless re-playability.  Thus far I've played as the Romans, Spartans, Athenians and Epirus, and have had a blast with each.  There is a huge amount of strategy and tactics available on both the campaign map and the battle maps.  Placing your armies at choke points in the mountains or at river crossings... putting them in ambush mode... slaughtering 2x or 3x your number of units without getting your hands dirty... it's all so gratifying.One of the things I've noticed is that I usually end up winning by gaining a technological edge over the computer AI factions.  If I can survive the early stages of play, eventually I'll start kicking out armies composed of better units than my opponents.  When the autoresolve gives me results I don't like, saying I'm going to lose, or take unexceptable losses, it's fun to take control of your army and lead them on to victory when the odd♥♥♥♥ers are betting against you.  Of course, often times you're leading superior units against hordes of untrained spearmen or levies, but occasionally the computer gives you a run for your money and there's nothing like destroyng your opponents Praetorian guard or Oathsworn unit that fights to last man.Big kudos to the modding community.  After playing vanilla R2, I found the Workshop and have been in pure amazement at the products the community has added to the game.  The 4x moves per year mod, agent color coding, the new unit mods, and many others deserve effusive praise.  I feel like a kid on Christmas morning every time I look in the Workshop, wondering what new toy I'll find under the tree today.The Bad.  I have none.  Okay, okay, there are some, but I'm like a newlywed on his honeymoon right now.  I don't care if she leaves her panties on the bathroom floor or that the 4x calendar year mod makes agents overpowered.  For right now, I'm enjoying the game far too much to complain about a thing."
,Recommended,214950,32119970,Posted: 1 June,all,acdcdave1387,"This game received a lot of negativity when it came out. I didn't play it at release so a large percentage of the hate was probably well deserved. In the end though, I really feel this title is one of the best in the series. I think the battle AI is the best of the series (still haven't played Attila though). The game looks and sounds beautiful in all aspects.The campaign was frustrating at first. I was disappointed with the fact that they force you to a limited amount of armies and navies. They also force you to have a general/admiral for all armies/navies...that means no more marching small groups of leaderless troops from one place to another. While I didn't like this at first, it really makes sense. You can still recruit troops away from a city and they magically appear in the queue on the next turn within your army which means they ARE marching from one location to another...you just aren't the one doing it.The game has its issues at times. I encountered some crashes that got progressively worse until the game was rendered unplayable. Surprisingly, it was a file that somehow got corrupted and simply verifying the integrity of the game cache resolved it entirely.Overall, the campaigns I have played in this game have been some of the best to date and I highly recommend this title to anyone interested in historical strategy. To those who love this series but haven't played this game yet? I say give it a try and give it more than just a few turns. Put a few hours into it before calling it quits."
76561198023427333,Recommended,214950,32646395,Posted: 22 June,all,gumbydust,"I guess there were some serious issues at launch but Rome II - EE is a pretty great TW game. There are issues with the game becoming a major slog mid-late game, once you've pretty much dominated your neighbors, but the combat is fun and the graphics look good. Some people don't like how resources are now managed at the province level, and you can no longer build every little town into a rival of Roma, but really, it's a non issue once you get the hang of managing food and learning what to build and where.Also worth noting that the Workshop has tons of mods, from minor music enhancements, to complete overhauls. This certainly extends the replayability of the game once you get done with the included scenarios (which are good, especially teutoburg forest)."
76561198007163911,Not Recommended,214950,13747089,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Peenarse,"The pros and cons as I see it (compared to other TW games) based on the campaign (single and multiplayer)EDIT: THIS REVIEW IS OF THE VANILLA GAME WITHOUT MODS. Please read the review before making critical comments, as I'm bored of having to repeat myself for people who couldn't be bothered.Pros:- campaign map environments are varied and atmospheric- graphics especially in battles are beautiful- small details such as rocks hitting walls then falling to the ground, & remaining lethal while in motion adds to the immersion- army/navy military traditions and generals/agents traits create a satisfying long-term progression over the campaign- The conversations and comments among soldiers during battles are amusing and add immersionCons:- Naval combat and boat physics is abysmal, the worst yet by far.- Naval AI is feeble.- Autoresolve calculations are extremely bad, making small and uninteresting battles often compulsory to play to prevent ridiculously unrealistic outcomes.- When autoresolving, siege equipment is invariably the heaviest casualty, even on a 98% victory I have had entire units of Heavy Onagers wiped out entirely. Cavalry often suffers disproportionaly high casualties as well.- Diplomacy is still terrible, despite what they say about improving it: nations with 1 village demanding tens of thousands of gold for a non aggression pact when you control half the game world...- Unable to specify amounts of money in diplomatic negotiations, instead having to select a percentage of your total treasury.- Pikemen were the one unit which actually behaved realistically upon release, moving forward relentlessly into the enemy lines and encircling cornered enemies. That has since been ""fixed"" and they now stand gormlessly in a dead straight line, even when ""formation attack"" is unticked.- Roman legionary units fight in the same style as barbarians, with single men constantly breaking formation to have a 1v1...- ""Growth"" becomes worthless after about 50 turns, whereas in all previous games it continues to be beneficial.- Desyncs in multiplayer campaigns are not uncommon, and often void the save.- Barbarian units are far too disciplined and tightly regimented. Essentially just reskins of helenistic or roman unit columns.- Barbarians have access to the same siege equipment as the Romans and Greeks (with the exception of the Polybolos, which barely counts as it is the most useless of all the siege units)- Many available buildings, such as the slave trader or wine markets, are completely redundant and offer nothing that isn't easily bested by other buildings.Overall this game has been a major let down, and I wasn't even one of the ones who was super hyped about a Rome 2! Add to all this the constant releasing of new DLC which - even if you do not buy it - downloads automatically, rendering all mods incompatible! (but remains unavailable until you pay for the handful of half-baked reskins of pre-existing units & new menu screen that it contains)Its not all terrible. With enough modding it does become relatively enjoyable and worth investing some hours in. So as long as you are prepared to spend the time finding the right mods to address the multitudes of issues, and are willing to endure the frustration of having them periodically disabled by some new piece of unrequested DLC inviting itself into your install, then it is worth a look. Otherwise, its not a good call.I would love to love this game, it has so much potential, but unfortunately I cannot recommend it to anyone, especially not fans of the series such as myself, as it has seriously damaged my faith in Total War.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(Update 31/01/15):Few more cons that I didn't mention first time around (the list is so long its hard to remember them all!)- Campaign AI is idiotic regarding threats. An enemy army garrisons a town. I move an army into the region in preparation for attack. Next turn, the enemy army has gone and the town is completely undefended. Bad AI and an opportunity for a fun siege battle ruined.- I have never seen campaign AI recruit the top tier units for Roman or Hellenistic factions. Even 250+ turns into the game I'm fighting against armies of militia hoplites + slingers.- Amphibious battles: AI frequently leaves one or two ships out at sea, so after killing their land forces the only way to ""win"" is to sit there on fast forward for the next 20 minutes while the clock ticks down.(NB: If you have selected ""Unlimited"" battle time, this situation can not be won, you must quit battle and be given a defeat, or reload and autoresolve. Yup, one ship containing 10 levy freemen can defeat your force of 1000+ elite troops just by sitting at sea, doing nothing!)- ""Fast forward"" in battles increases game speed by about 3%....- Pathing for siege engines and siege-equipped ships is terrible. Instructions to shoot at targets within range often just results in the engine walking/sailing slowly towards the target, not shooting at it.- ""Fire at will"" often results in many friendly casualties, as they will simply attack the nearest target regardless of its proximity to friendly units. Shogun 2 was intelligent about this and did not have this problem. Rome 2 seems to have gone backwards here...- Cavalry frequently ignore orders to disengage from melee. Often the same order needs to be given 3-5 times before they actually attempt to escape the melee.- Cavalry frequently ignore orders to attack. If the enemy unit begins to run from the fight, your units will make no attempt to pursue or re-engage them. This means MASSIVE micro-management of cavalry units when fighting against skirmisher or archer cavalry, as each individual unit needs to be re-instructed to attack several times throughout the battle. Failure to notice this results in your unit standing still whilst the enemy cavalry sit 20 feet away murdering them with javelins and arrows.- Ship ramming animations look like something from a cartoon. They are truly terrible. Again, Shogun 2 did this MUCH better. Heck, even Empire had better collision effects, and that game didn't even have a ramming mechanic!- Campaign map resources are.... a nice idea. However, one region of North Africa containing little more than sand and scrub supposedly supplies timber. Playing as Macedon, I found myself importing my timber from this North African region in order to build siege engines, despite occupying around a dozen heavily forested regions in Europe, none of which apparently had any access to timber... Nice idea, but ludicrously implemented.Keep in mind, ALL of these issues are reported from the Emperor edition. This is all after the game has supposedly been ""fixed""..! Personally, Empire TW still beats this game, even now."
,Not Recommended,214950,13618550,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,sotha chill,"when i went to play a historical battle and saw ""Purchase"" instead of ""Play"" on nearly all of them, i immediately regretted buying this"
,Recommended,214950,13086280,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,nerve gas,More civil disobedience in my cities than in Ferguson
76561198075193904,Not Recommended,214950,14455496,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,DaSledgehammer,"Ignoring that this game was an absolute joke on release day (yes, I'm still bitter about getting duped into pre-ordering so I could use one of the factions included in the game without having to pay for it), it's still a huge disappointment. The Emperor Edition is a massive improvement, but still falls way short of what was promised. Even with all the patches, the game is a big step back from Shogun 2.Firstly, the game is lifeless and boring. I've yet to even get close to year 0 in a save and I've probably started about 20 of them. Just look at the hours I've spent playing this game. I've tried so hard since the day it was released to get into a save in this game, and it's never happened. All of the screenshots and promotional media for this game looked amazing and captivating, but that feeling never materalizes in the actual game. I never have the urge to expand my empire, or make my enemies pay for crossing me. It just feels like I'm engaging in a strategy (if you want to call it that) exercise against AI, nothing more.  CA have sucked the life out of this series by dumbing down things like politics and diplomacy, and removing things like family trees for no aparent reason. The best feeling I got from this game was when I finally accepted that I wasted my money on it and uninstalled it from my system.The AI is still horrendously bad. It's a million times better than it was at release, but it's still terrible. It's so easy to learn AI tendencies, and it takes a huge amount of restraint to stop myself from exploiting them. Battle AI is really bad, but luckily there are a lot of mods that can fix this and actually make it enjoyable. At the same time, there's only so much modders can do to cover up CA's mistakes, and it's really sad that CA needs other people to fix their game for them to make it playable.Campaign AI is atrocious and not even challenging. There's hardly any logic in the strategy of AI factions. They don't seem to care about defending their cities and they never create any type of organized, strategic attack. The only way to make the game challenging is to put the difficulty on very hard, so the AI can just churn out full stacks at will and send them at you one by one. Even then, it just turns into a game of fending off the armies, one or two at a time, until the AI does something inexplicably stupid to give you the advantage. It's extremely frustrating to have a back and forth war with an AI faction over one of its settlements, only to have that faction just randomly move all of its armies away from that settlement, basically allowing you to walk right in and take it. This type of thing happens ALL OF THE TIME and takes all of the intensity and excitment out of wars.Some parts of the game are still broken, even in the Emperor Edition. Sieges are somehow even worse than Shogun 2. City gates are broken. Any unit can just burn down a gate by throwing flaming sticks at it, but then they are unable to walk through it. I'm not even sure if battering rams work at all. Ladders and siege towers kind of work though (at least with the overhaul mod that I've used), so there's that.Obviously the game is still addicting in some way, as it's managed to get me to pour 200+ hours into it, but it feels more like I've wasted a massive part of my life trying to get this game to entertain me than anything else. People who have never played a Total War game before may find this game neat because of the setting and the battles (which are absolutely a standout feature for this series when compared to other strategy games), but those of us who have played TW games before know how much of a disappointment this was. For those who disagree with me: go back and look at the promotional videos that CA released prior to the game's launch and compare that to what we paid for. I've not experienced anything close to what was advertised, and I've yet to see anyone who has been able to make this game look anywhere near the way it did in the videos of the ♥♥♥♥in alpha (that CA said was still going to be further optimized). It still looks cool at times--some of the cities having unique features on the battle map is a really cool feature, and the campaign map looks by far the best it has in any game of the series.Overall, Rome 2 was a huge failure and a waste of time for everyone involved. It actually compares really unfavorably to Rome 1 and Medeival 2 from 10 years ago. CA has already rushed into making another game, Atilla, which is really just a remake of one of Rome 1's expansions released as a full game. I will not even be touching that game unless it gets great reviews and goes on sale for <$20. You'd have to be a fool to preorder that game after the trainwreck that was Rome 2's launch. CA has used up all the good faith it built from its early games and deserves to be under heavy scrutiny going forward.As for anyone thinking about buying this game, I would strongly recommend not to. Even if its heavily discounted, it's really not worth the time that you will pour into it before finally accepting that it's just not a good game. I would suggest waiting for Atilla's release and seeing what the community consensus is (let's not forget how many gaming websites gave Rome 2 highly favorable reviews at launch). Hopefully CA will get its act together and release what Rome 2 should have been.TLDR:Pros+Campaign map looks really good compared to other games in the series+Modding community is amazing and did CA a huge favor by saving this game before CA could make it playable on its ownCons-The AI is so bad that it's really hard to actually use strategy in a meaningful way-No immersion due to features from previous games being streamlined or removed-Game was released with numerous broken features and many of these features still remain broken despite all the patches-Really disappoints graphically in a lot of areas (poorly optimized)"
76561198063481115,Not Recommended,214950,31145761,Posted: 14 April,all,Dragonfly_Yea,Why is it still 60 dollars.Losing a bunch of possible new players to greed.The gameplay is fun for a while though xD
,Recommended,214950,2799804,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Shirome Artiste,"A Review of Rome 2.So. Yesterday I finally decided, after crushing another army at shogun 2, to give Rome 2 a whirl.I'll mostly compare it to Shogun 2, seeing as CA&SEGA tried to surpass it's success.Now, I know about how hyped it was, and how much flak it's been getting since release, but I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt.Gameplay-wise, combat.Good points:All factions have different units, with slightly different statistics to boot, which makes for more varied combat situations.Statistics are now broken down in even more sections that can be improved upon.Units are thankfully still in 100+ range, so your 20 unit army is still large enough.Hiding has been slightly improved upon shogun 2, and LoS hiding is detailed a bit better.Garrisons are now meaningful enough that one unit of bowmen can no longer snipe down an entire city.Bad points.Morale. I don't know what they're thinking down there, but early units' morale is so ridiculously low that getting twenty casualties can send units into a shattered state.Differences in unit strength. Your basic units are so weak when people start fielding their mainstays that, coupled with that horrendous morale issue, they hold for a literal ten seconds before routing.Your land army can spontaneously and instantly turn into a fullstack navy on a whim, making real navies pretty much pointless.Defensive battles are made even easier by making any and all defenders able to rout, and having 0 morale bonus for being the last line of defense, which makes sieges a cakewalk.DiplomacyGood points:New requests: Non-aggression pacts, defensive alliances, military alliances, yes! Give diplomacy a function besides extorting money and asking for trade agreements.The AI actively pursues diplomacy now, very rewarding.Bad points:The AI actively pursues diplomacy, like a toddler. Geography, war/peace status and relationships matter not to the AI, additionally they ask for the most ridiculous prices for mundane things at time, or ask senseless requests every single turn.Diplomatic relations are confusing and often nonsensical, even though there are way more actions that affect relations now.Gameplay-wise AIGood:AI now partakes in many more activities than before, and combines their land and naval armies in assaults now.Bad:Pretty much everything.AI in field battles goes in a near-straight line for your units, tries to send cavalry to a flank and then forgets about it, and battles devolve into a slugfest until they're out of units.AI on an offensive siege battles rushes your control points(REALLY NOW?) instantly, and that's it.AI on defensive siege battles...Stand their ground, even if they have no missile units and you're standing there slinging projectiles on their poor militia until the last arrow has been spent.AI sometimes inexplicably moves their army to who-knows-where when you're standing five feet from their capital, and leaves it wide-open for a quick siege.AI occasionally does seemingly senseless attacks with one or two units against a city or fullstack, and then obviously loses.Other things of note:You cannot, I repeat, CANNOT recruit any units anywhere, anywhen, except for straight into a general's army. So don't bother trying.Generals are near-pointless except for getting an easy elite unit.Expect graphical glitches and FPS drops, even on super-tier computers.Although there are several different factions, you are still very limited in your choices, which is a disappointment personally.Conclusion:Is this the TW game to rule all TW games? No.Is this game worth buying? If you're a TW type of game fan, pick it up for a campaign or two, though I recommend waiting for either fixes or it going on sale.Is it worth buying when you're new to the genre? No. If you wish to experience all that TW has to offer, Shogun 2 or perhaps medieval TW are the ways to go.Total score:6.5/10If you like the series, grab it if only for completionist's sake, if you are new to it or still in doubt, wait for fixes or it going on sale.Rose"
,Not Recommended,214950,18658602,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Smoka De Coca,"Oh boy, guys, this game is the bee's knees. This game is really good, insofar as the DLC policy makes you want to gouge your eyes out with a rusty flensing knife. Don't you love it when you go into the classical era and you can't play as the classical Greeks because you have to pay seven fiddy for the culture pack? Oh boy, check out the all new and amazing unit packeroni for the Mouthbreathii out in the middle of nowhere, only ten thousand of your hard earned doubloons. You have to pay for blood. Blood. In a war game. I get that the Germanians never gave up their backwards censorship culture, but just do what valve did and replace the blood with gears or something. How would you feel if nintendo took out the ability to play as luigi in mario kart? You can still race against him, just if you want to play as him you have to buy the ""We-a takin' your-a money"" culture pack.When you pay 60 bucks for a game, you expect to get the full game, am I right? I'm wrong, they did the same thing in attila and most people are just accepting that they are being taken advantage of. No one knows what is going on anymore, no one buys a game and expects anything more than a piecemeal half-baked omelet that requires the ""salt and pepper"" DLC for 10 million dollars. Hey guys, when was the last time you bought a game and you got the whole game, no strings attached? Almost a decade ago for me, unless you count indies. We dont need a socratic dialogue to see that the AAA sphere is an abhorrence to anything good and pure in this world.I'll now list the pros and cons of this game:+ Nice grafix+ Nice gameplay- AI is total garbage, hey CA, maybe A* was ok in the days of yore but there should not be an AI this terrible in a modern game. Make some better algorithms! Pikmin 1 on the gamecube has a much, much better ""army style"" AI and it was released in 2001! ! !- Hey, if you want to see the rest of this review you have to give me 20 billion dollars as part of the ""GOD I JUST WANT TO END MY MISERABLE LIFE"" review pack DLC.All in all I'd like to bestow upon this game a rating of ""To see this rating, buy the ""End Reviews"" Review pack DLC for only 300 trillion dollars"", and if you think that joke is getting stale, well, for you it's a joke, for me and the people who own this game its a harsh, painful reality they have to deal with everyday.""Oh boy, scary face guy, they dun diddly did it again with Warhammer"" Thanks for telling me that, me. Now I'll just bestow upon you fellows my incomprehensible rage. Chaos is DLC, my friends. Chaos. For those not in the know, putting Chaos as DLC is like putting Carthage as DLC. Basically, we are now getting the shafterino againerino. Hey, this probably won't be the end of it. Make sure to buy the game 2 years after its out to get the whole actual entire game that they should have released from the beginning at a much, much cheaper price. Why on earth is SEGA doing this? Why? Why? ? ? ? ? ? ? What did we do to deserve this? I want to give you my money, but y'all are acting so incomprehensibly asinine that I don't think I can, at least not without having parts of the game locked out from me. ITS ""DOWNLOADABLE"" CONTENT, NOT ""HEY WE TOOK IT OUT OF THE GAME LADS PLAY4ONLY 4000 QUADRILLION $"" CONTENT.No, we're not done, lads. I want to play as my ancestors, the scythians, but thats a unit pack. We steppefolk don't like getting scammed out of our hard earned mnai by some uppity publisher that thinks it's disgusting DLC policy is ""smart"". There's less money in the industry than there should be because consumers are untrusting of scummy companies (ya think?). Well, that ends my magnificent opus odimini. Seriously though, buy the ""Complete Edition"" (read: the actual whole game) in a few years and save yourself the hundred dollars buying the DLC.11/23/16: ONE YEAR ON AND NO SIGN OF THE FULL GAME EDITION, B/C OF SEGA AND CA GRUBBERY I NOMINATE THIS HALF-GAME THE SAD STEAM AWARD, SAD B/C ALL YOUR MONEY WAS STOLEN BY THE DEVS FOR DLC.Where are the good games? Where are the games that make you wonder, that blow you away, that up-end your worldview? Where are the games that pick you up, slam you against the furniture, and leave you wanting? Where are the games that you pick up on a hunch and become family treasures that you cherish till end-of-days? Where are the games that don't follow cliche to make money but make money through grassroots watering con good gameplay, good sound, good grafix, good story, good character? Where are the games that are fun to experience, fun to play, not just difference exercises but works of love, passion, and beauty? Where are the games that save you and love you and make you love the world and yourself with no guilt as guilt is no concept permissible in the reality of the game? Where are the games with AI so good it isn't artificial and it is intelligent? Where are the games with music and graphics so good you see the game's reality better than your own? Where are the games with story so good you feel as though you weren't narrated to, you weren't told what to think, you weren't told what to do, you did it because you wanted to do it, because you love the game, because it loves you, because you are and it is love made manifest. Where are the games with gameplay so good you rolled with the licks and nicks and ticks because you felt the ribbing and it's like a cold Febuary morning drinking hot chocolate when you say something off and your big bro whacks you on the arm and it doesn't hurt tho it should because you have a family and you're together and you belong, and the rapport is fun, and the highs high and the lows high and you're feeling tired and satisfied and happy......where is the hope? Wander through the eons of miserere. The darkness of modernity clouds us, makes us stupid, turns us against each other, the fog of modernity blinds us worse than acid, lobotomizes us, the poison of modernity is supped with gusto by those who can't take they're in a feudal society, but no free housing, no free food, if not for video games, television, internet, books suicide would be the order of the day. The kali yuga is unbearable, the dark age is a killer, the age of darkness is a merciless flayer, a mindless flayer, the machine engineered with one purpose and that is to enrich itself con the blood of the two legged cattle it flays. Where are the hope, Where are the hope, Where are the hope ???????? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ????????? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ??????Where are the games that aren't TWO HUNDRED BILLION BUCKAROONIES FOR THE WHOLE PACKAGE CREATIVE BUTTEMBLY YOU SHEKEL GRUBBERS?"
76561198007249556,Not Recommended,214950,8601133,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,mini man nik,"(Before you read)The game runs well now. But my main issue with the game is the lack of immersion... the hurrendous dlc, the game engine itself.. the games horrid, its 3 step backwards from shogun etc, boring and streamlined, theres no depth.. . many features are still broken and irreparable, like the function of generals, or the use of siege equipment.... the fact that this game is available on Ipad is a joke in itself.Buy it if you're looking to see a few battles from the classical time period.. but dont expect any challenge from it, the games boring, unimmersive, broken, offensive and creative assembly are having a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥laugh if they think making 40 quid worth of dlc for one of the most dissapointing games of all time.. is at all acceptable. They have moked not only the fans, but history itself.I have been waiting for this game since I ever layed eyes on the first installment, back in 2004. A younger me would lay at night and dream about Rome 2 in all its glory... after my dream games announcment I quite literally jumped with joy! No words can express how excited and stimulated I was on the day of release.. I hadnt been this excited for a game since Skyrim.. unfortunatley I clicked play and instead, had an enormous peverted vanular fallas strike me between the eyes soo hard I thought not only my life had been extinguished, but the very reality we exist in, THIS GAME IS A BLOODY DISGRACE! AND THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ TWO FACED MONEY GRABBING LIARS AT CA SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!!Regardless of the initial bugs (CURRENTLY ON PATCH 7!!!), the game itself is a broken, shambolic, overpriced piece of rushed nonsense. The AI is awful, the worst its ever been, the ui has been destroyed and there is no immersion whatsoever... the campaign is dull and lifeless, with many broken features, such as pointless generals and a diplomacy system which leaves you in fits of frustration.. im not even going to start on the sea battles, lets just say I broke down and cried during one, at the fact that CA had the sheer ♥♥♥♥ing ordasity to reveal this to anyone other than children.... not to mention the ♥♥♥♥ing unbalanced and historically inaccurate depictions of just about every faction in the game.. I will for the first time ever seriously consider whether or not to buy the next installment in the series.Sure they added a couple of nice features such as regional management and larger navies etc... But EVERYTHING ELSE is worse off...and the two things i've mentioned are buggy and in my opinion irreperable, they stripped hundreds of features from the previous games! WHY!??? where are the cutscenes? the immersion? the family trees? the music? the voice actors? the siege eqipment? AND ♥♥♥♥ OF TORCHES FOR EVERY UNIT!!?? RIDICULOUS! Pike units only reveal their pikes when in phalanx, units are unbalanced, slingers are too common and overpowered... the list is endless...As for Multiplayer.... christ.. It might aswell not have it, barebones and immpossible to play coop due to loading times! In addition tactical vantage points such as hills and forested areas offer no benefit, removing almost all form of strategy from the game..Ive patche it, ive modded and invested 100 hours and still havent been able to change my mind, IF YOUR READING THIS DONT BUY THE DLC !!! be content with what you have, ROME 1 is a far superior game!FInally I HAVE HAD IT WITH THIS ENGINE! There is no unit collision! they all just awkwardly slide against one another, ♥♥♥♥ing mosh pit and then execute singular kill moves with added athletisism.. it just looks ridiculous and is totally unrealistic! Empire got away with it as it was mainly musket warfare! CREATIVE ASSEMBLY NEEDS TO START OVER!!! fighting in this period was all about fromations!! how do you think Alexander defeated Darius at Galgumea or The Romans againtss Budicca when they where outnumbered 10-1, ♥♥♥♥ING FORMATIONS!!!! NOT MOSH PITS!@@#@It is blatantly clear that the folks up at CA just don't give a ♥♥♥♥ anymore, and would much prefer screwing us all over for a quick buck, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.. :(from a depressed and infuriated fan of total war since 2004... have a nice day :) DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,214950,34358253,Posted: 19 August,all,Choccy-Milk,"Oh CA.....Sega.....what happened? I got this game on sale after most of the glitches and performance issues had been sorted out, so I can't speak to that account. However, I cannot recommend this game. My reasoning is CA and Sega's attempts to milk their customer base for everything they can get. Rome 2 is a full priced AAA game; seems pretty standard, until you realize that the DLC total is more than the actual game. Seriously? Cmon devs. Not only is the pricing sad, but the actual content of the DLC is as well. The amazing ""culture packs"" are just factions that the devs locked away from player access. They're in the base game, but the player cannot use these factions unless they purchase them. Creating a game only to take parts of said game out and sell them back as DLC is a disgusting marketing scheme, especially when the base game is $60. The game is fun, and i'll probably still play when i'm in the mood for it, but I cannot condone these practices. Do yourself a favor and buy something like Shogun 2. This game isn't up to the Total War standard."
76561197985286350,Recommended,214950,25192957,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Commander Ted,Rome wasn't patched in a day.﻿
,Not Recommended,214950,13635918,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crypt,If you want to have everything that should be in a $50 game then you'll have to pay $167.86 without sales.money hungry ♥♥♥♥♥s...
76561197970658960,Not Recommended,214950,8715605,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Irenicus,"Rome 2 was a serious disappointment. Having loyally followed the franchise since Shogun 1, the expectations for this game were huge. The marketing campaign in advance of release appeared to promise all a fan could wish for and more.Yet once released it soon transpired that the game had many cut or truncated features (no family tree, nerfed political system), was dummed down to an arcade style tactical battle system (magic power buttons and battles over in record time), as well as many, many AI problems and design flaws (Transport Ships, Sieges).Despite all the patching, the core issues have not been fixed.Mods help, but they cannot cure the fundamental flaws.Paid DLC and generic content DLC just added insult to injury.This game is a victory of presentation over substance and an abject lesson to never pre-order. Wait for the game, be patient, it will be worth it when you save some bucks, get a patched release and perhaps a DLC bundle 6 months down the line.Although for this game, even if it were reduced in price and came with a fat DLC bundle = stay away, this is a disappointment through and through.Boot up Rome, MTW 2 and Shogun 2, add some of the excellent Mods and enjoy some great gaming.Rome Total War 2 was a shameful display."
,Not Recommended,214950,19477272,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,kmfb,"This will be an honest and fair rant. Please scroll to bottom for the fast review.***I'll start this by saying I really like the TW series, I own all TW games and DLCs, plus some CA games that I bought mainly to support the studio. Generally I don't play many other games on Steam.Rome 2 was the first TW I was hyped for and wanted to get on release. It is just too diverse, too big not to be entertaining.Seeing the buggy mess it was on release I decided to wait a bit and give CA the chance to fix the game.Which *spoilers* they never did.Now, as someone who enjoys playing even the original Shogun I am not one for graphics. I really liked how they went with all games since Empire and goddamn, Medieval 2 still looks great in field battles. But I couldn't care less about the looks. I fell in love with the game mechanics, they clicked right in place with me and I spent numerous hours trying to get to understand them, both ingame and in real life. That's how you know a great video game - you get to constantly think of it when you are not playing it.Learning Shogun 2 took me quite some time and I won't win a competition for knowing the game. There are still new things I discover every now and then. They all fall right into spot, close the cycle and it just feels great to come up to the next revelation.This is, unfortunately, not the case with Rome II.Rome II introduced some new things which are great. Like the army stances.So why on Earth does the Fortify stance say ""boosts reinforcement range by +50%"" and does not do it?This is the case with so many faction bonuses, personal traits and retainers, skills, etc, that it's mindblowing.When playing games I like to be on fair terms. Get helthpack -> health goes up. Critical strike on enemy -> 50% more damage. Things like this. Things we're used to take for granted.Rome II does a really poor job of explaining its mechanics. There are tutorial videos, but they are somehow obsolete as the game received 17 patches, the last one with major core changes. I had to play Attila to understand the whole party politics thing.Rome II is big and diverse. And this is a curse more than a blessing. There are so many little things missing, not working or just straight-forward overlooked by the developers, that I won't bother listing them all. Just go to the official support forum and check the Single Player Campaign support page.Fairly said, I think Rome II did not ever make it out of beta.The reason for this review is that CA stopped supporting the game. A game I paid and bought all dlcs for. A game I really wanted to like. The last patch fixed (arguably) some things, but not merely enough. And that is not even considering all the technical and graphical bugs, which are not a subject of this review. For a moment there I thought they are on the right way, but they just abandoned the game. The game with my favorite time period, that was supposed to revolutionize the TW franchise as the core mechanics weren't changed since Empire. Well, I'm sorry for being mad, but I am. As a user, as a customer. False data, false advertisment and false promises. Thanks CA, I'll gladly pirate your♥♥♥♥♥♥from now on and not buy a single title. Unless Rome II is fixed that is.***PROS:+ Looks great. Some folks may argue here, but for me the game running on Ultra is gorgeous.+ One of the biggest maps in TW games. Meaning a lot of factions, traits, bonuses, variety in general.+ There are some great historical campaigns in addition to the main game that make the title's worth.+ New mechanics and even controls to make the TW experience more up-to-date.CONS:- A bit buggy even after all the patches. Soldier groups will shout different units' lines. No anti-aliasing; water reflection is broken. Some really ugly textures. There's a lot more to that list.- Unfinished mechanics that clearly can be fun but are not even a factor to work with.- Some clearly broken gameplay elements. Bonuses not given though they should be. Traits acting on the opposite. Sometimes your generals will get bad (or good) traits with no apparent reason.- Too much DLCs, some arguably not worth their money.- Continious lack of support for some of the major elements and problems this game has.- Looks like some of the best ideas for Rome II didn't make it in the game and we were sold Attila instead. Which is fine, but everyone can see that Rome II needs some Attila in it."
76561198116152191,Recommended,214950,24281762,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JackieTee95,Rome wasn't patched in a day.
,Not Recommended,214950,12679644,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Regan,Rome wasn't patched in a day.
,Recommended,214950,7749342,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bombassaro,"First of all. This analysis has been editted. The original one was pretty negative, and the reason for that were the infite bugs, glitches and unbalances of this game. After so many patches, even tho we may find a considerable quantity of bugs and glitches, it's not game-killing as it was in the days, weeks and months following the launch.So, finally, here's my review of the game Total War: Rome II.This game is adicting, because of the simple fact it's good. It has many mechanics that are great!The graphics, if you're playing on high or ultra quality are AMAZING. Both on SP and MP (by MP I mean battles, they can be campaign vs. AI battles). The camera they have is pretty nice to see charges, not that good on seeing infantry or ranged units, but you still get the emotion.It has a few nice historical battles, tho more should be added, FOR FREE.The technology part of it is pretty well made, and the development of your cities if pretty cool. The levelling up system on your general, troops, and agents is really cool, but it doesn't change the game too much. The diplomacy is nice, and one should pay attention to it, as it can save your life. Other positive aspect, the politics. Some factions are cooler to play when talking about politics. Some factions just don't have active politics, tho for all of them politics can change where your empire is turned to. If your family is too strong, the weak will rebel and create a civil war. Too weak? The strong will rebel and create a civil war. But, distributing the power well is not the only thing that changes. When your empire gets big, there'll be a civil war. Be counting on that. And be prepared. You may have to stop all frontier military actions to save your capital and near settlements from the separatists.Negative: These DLCs they create, they're too expensive just to add/change a few things... At the date near the game release, those who bought the game were forsaken by the producer of the game, making us live in the constant bugs. So, don't expect nice treatment.Overall I'd say the game is good, not perfect, AI still gets dumb sometimes, but, if you put on a difficulty high enough, it becomes quite a challenge. If you get tired of the game, I recommend you check the workshop out, maybe it has what you need to fire up that urge to play the game again.Right now, I'd say you think well if you want this game, if you're not sure, wait for a discount, tho, it might never come. Even a 25% discount would be enough to make this game worth your money.Talking about popularity of the game. Even tho it has been on the 'Most Sold' Steam tab many times, it hasn't got a big community, I'd say mostly because of the game-killing bugs it used to have, and the fact that Single Player Campaign (I don't mean the story campaign) is probably what attracts people most.My veredict: 8,5/10If using mods in the game: 9/10Please comment with your opinion (do not hesitate on using strong language if you hate me) and give me a like.Have a nice strategic day!"
76561198143377566,Not Recommended,214950,16903733,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,de00061,"I've been playing Total War games for over 10 years now.  Newer releases are getting more and more sloppy in contrast to the work being done on graphics.  The reason I chose not to recommend this game is because if you are looking for a Total War game to play among the countless that have been made, I would recommend newer titles.  I have not played and title newer than this one, but I would like to hope that they would be more ""fully developed"" than this title.  I am extremely dissapointed with this game series and I will not be purchasing any more future Total War games unless I hear good reviews from fellow die-hard TW fans.I bought this game on a black friday sale for 15 bucks; I would have kicked myself if I'd spent 50 bucks on it. For 15 bucks it is totally worth it. That being said...PROS:-Great graphics+colors are not so vivid, giving a realistic appearance-Battle cries are emtional and excellently done+although random soldiers' mutters are repetitive, they are usually context-relevant and humanize the soldiers+Roman Auxilary Cavalry voice is AWESOME-Naval and land battle combination is cool, especially in siege battles-Can command 40 units at a time-Armies' unit cards are sorted intelligently (although this could be done manually in RTW 1)-Grouping settlements into provinces allows for more fluid management, especially once you've expanded to an empire-SPQR replaced by optional missions delineates gameplay allowing for a more sandbox campaign-Imperium levels and corruption, although extremely annoying, reflect the instability and brutality of the politics of ancient societies (and modern, for that matter)-Agents' passive actions (oxymoron?), such as Military Administration, Military Training, Spy Networks, etc., are cool.CONS:-Cannot play as Sparta without DLC (who pays 50 bucks and doesn't want to play as Sparta?)-Most historic battles are DLC-Units glitch on walls+many times when you tell them to move left, they first move right, vice versa+in a Rome city defense battle I commanded, units on walls wouldn't obey commands or act at all-Naval battles are bugged+ships sometimes will get locked into moving the direction they are facing; never stopping until they slide into a corner of the map+naval artillery/missiles will lock onto a land target's last location within their firing range, continuing to fire after they've left that spot until you command the ship to turn around or move out of range (commanding the unit to stop does not stop their firing orders)-Cinematic kill sequences disrupt the combat simulation+Soldiers attempting to pull back from combat will stop and turn around to engage in a fight sequence instead of simply being chopped from behind+There are no backstap kill sequences+cavalry kill rate while chasing routing troops is frustratingly slow since cavalry MUST kill with cinematic kill sequence when not charging+one sequence, in particular, may involve a soldier striking over and over again for more than 15 seconds, digging him deep behind enemy lines without being stopped by surrounding enemy soldiers-AI has not been improved since I last played Rome: Total War Barbarian Invasion v 1.6-Blood and Gore pack acted as an ""on"" switch for delimbing of soldiers; no new fight sequences were added.-General's/agent's abilities do not reflect their actions+you may now craft an agent to accomplish any sort of task; regardless of what actual experience they have+generals essentially cannot remain idle without developing negative traits, unless they have already aquired their maximum of three traits-Agents are not as specialized and can be more powerful than armies+it's easy enough to develop a powerful agent; powerful agents can cripple armies into not being able to move for countless turns.+all agents can perform all tasks with some differences in outcome (reminiscent of Dragon Age 2 and Diablo 3's overbalancing of classes, removing stark contrasts in capabilities)-Extremely limited diversity of buildings in settlements+settlements, even capitals, are not unique from each other; essentially only a few dozen mix/match possibilities with hum-drum differences+no point in preserving old buildings from another faction since they get in the way of your 3-5 building slot limit+cities' appearance in battle mode do not reflect your personal development of that city-Encyclopedia is poorly organized and disruptive of the game+Previous titles simply required a right-click to open a single unit/building information card"
,Not Recommended,214950,13762987,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Retrothief,"Don't do it.I love total war. I really do. But this game lacks something.The battles are just not compelling. I don't know what the battles are missing, but their just not as fun as previous total wars.If you want to try total war, I recommend Total War Shogun 2- it may not be as tactically deep as previous total wars, but its the most polished total war."
76561198073392230,Recommended,214950,11713704,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,MCHoskins,"Launched with many bugs that made the game unplayable. However, 14 patches later and I can finally say that this game is worth buying and playing. I have stuck with it through this time since I wanted to get my money's worth out of it... and now I can say that I have, and I can recommend it to anyone else who is a fan of strategy and Total War games in general."
,Not Recommended,214950,13373175,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,President John Henry Eden,"The release of Rome Total War 2 was one of the worst in gaming history (In my experience only Assassin's Creed Unitys launch was worse), creating a huge outrage even outside the Total War community (and also some pretty funny memes).The questions is: Is it playable after more than a year? Yes it is. Is it as good as its predecessors? Sadly, no. And while I can recommend it to you, if you're looking for a good casual strategy game, its still a huge step backwards for the franchise, And like after playing Mass Effect 3, I am afraid of what the developers are doing to my beloved franchises next.So while it has its good aspects, I will focus mainly on the flaws of this game in this review.The Total War series is my favorite strategy franchise, and maybe my favorite game series in general. You've got a turn based campaign map where you capture and hold cities, build up diplomatic relationships with other nations, recruit armies and so on and so forth. When it comes to battle, the game changes from the campaign to a randomly created battlefield map, where you command your troops in real time. Total War connects the ""just-one-more-turn"" mentality from games like Civilization with intense real time battles like in World in Conflict for instance. This formula works every time, regardless of the given time period or setting. Creative Assembly added features until 2009s Empire Total War, and with Shogun 2 they've streamlined it back to bare bones to get rid of the problematic AI, which was all over the place in Empire and Napoleon.Rome 2 promised us an overhaul of the traditional Total War concept while bringing back the diversity of factions (Shoguns Clans all had the same units due to the Japan setting) and adding new features. They have lied to us. I still remember the moment when my legions first encountered the Scythians and their mounted archers in Rome 1. What I'm trying to say is that you had to adapt your tactics to the foe you were fighting back in the day. Now, although the skins and names are different, every nation still seems to have nearly the same roster. Barbarian swordmasters really play like a legionary cohort, they even throw javelins like them.The biggest two problems I have with Rome 2 is that its a) even more streamlined than Shogun 2 (they've even cut out building and upgrading streets. What the ♥♥♥♥, so you're telling me that some barbarians could march as fast through their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ woods as the mighty legions of rome on their high-tech streets?) And b), the features they've added don't work.The best example for this problem is how they've ""improved"" armies and recruitment. Previously you've recruited your troops in your cities and gathered them to army stacks. Now you have a limited amount of stacks, which gets increased by your ""empire level"" (so even if I have the economic capability to recruit more troops, I can't do that, because my ""empire level"" isn't high enough? What the flying ♥♥♥♥). Those serve under a general, who materializes the troops out of thin air apparently, as  long as he is marching through friendly territory. And while the RPG elements they've added to the stacks are interesting, not being able to move single or small amounts of units independent from a general breaks your strategy big time. If you want to capture a small city, you used to be able to dispatch a small force to get the job done. Here you have to use one of your huge, bigass Armies to conquer a tiny village. Or imagine a rebellion at the heart of you empire, while all your armies are fighting thousands of miles away. Normally you would recruit some units near the troublespot and eradicate the filthy rebel scum, but now you have to remove one of your armies from the front, leaving your cities near the enemy undefended cause once again, you can't recruit units in your cities, just to march all the way back and crush the rebellion. And if you want to exchange the units beetween your stacks, you have to move your entire stack to the other just to exchange one unit. I don't have to explain why this can be infuriating at times.Now lets get to the building and campaign map. Cities are now organized in provinces with 2 to 4 of them. This really helps to overwatch and upgrade entire regions but also comes with some problems. Those are the culture spread (Syracuse for instance has a cultural impact on southern Italy because they're in a province together) that creates public discontent, and the public discontent after capturing a city in a province. For instance the people of rome get angry at you when you take a city in northern italy, because they're in the same province. Why does this happen? Why does local discontent have to have an impact on your already captured and secured cities and lead them to rebel? What the ♥♥♥♥ CA.I could ramble on about the hundreds of minor issues and odd design decisions of Rome 2, like the train wreck politic system, the faceless randomly generated Generals that are just weak compared to the family tree system of Medieval 2 for instance, which created interesting characters that you really cared about. I could talk about how you can't even see the fight animations because battles are huge moshpits with no order or discipline whatsoever (although CA managed to patch the worst parts of these) or how it just fails to get you immersed in the time period. Or that the repeated one-line general ""speeches"" are a shameful display compared to the long, randomly created ones of the previous games.But what breaks the game at the end of the day is the bare bones A.I. Total War is a single player game, period. And when you ♥♥♥♥ up the A.I. in a game that is designed for daylong sessions in front of your computer, you're doing something wrong. The A.I. was never CAs strenght, I admit that, but compared to the budget RTW2 had, the A.I. was never this incompetent. And while they fixed the worst insults displayed in the real time battles, it still seems you're playing against a brain dead infant on the campaign map. Giant enemy forces ignoring defenseless cities (garrisons are a joke), the A.I. randomly trying to form contracts with you even if they are completely useless, almost never declaring war on you (except you're playing the Seleucids, where its you against every eastern faction) and army stacks made half out of peasant slingers. And when you want to auto resolve those battles because 2000 slingers aren't worth your time, guess what. the auto resolve system is completely ♥♥♥♥ed, so you either lose or get unacceptable losses with your heavily armored legionaries accompanied by elite cavalry.But you've gotta give it to Creative Assembly. They know they've ♥♥♥♥ed up and they've patched big times. And while everything I've mentioned is still an issue (bad design decisions can't get patched), this is pure gold compared to the release state of Rome 2. With the release of the emperor edition, this game became something worth your money.But at the end of the day, looking at all the flaws this game has, you're better off with Medieval 2 or Rome 1.Speaking of money, my biggest concern about Creative Assembly isn't Rome Total War 2 anymore, its their DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. We're getting stoned to death by unit packs, faction DLC and additional mini campaigns, which are all right to ask money for, but please dont display a ♥♥♥♥ing button in the main menu that tells me to pay 15 ♥♥♥♥ING BUCKS for three uninteresting factions from the black sea. Again, the units are all reskins of the same 10 or so unit types, so why even bother when there are mods that make ALL FACTIONS AVAILABLE. I understand you don't have to buy these DLCs, but they lack quality and are way way overpriced. If they released a single, huge faction pack with 40 or 50 completely new units for 30 bugs, I would buy it. But the bombardment with lazy♥♥♥♥♥pay 15-bucks-for-three-more-dull-factions ""expansions"" is unacceptable and infuriating."
,Recommended,214950,27884458,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[DeDT]Dead_Terror,"Total War: Rome IIVeni, vidi, vici!Rome II is probably my favourite Total War game so far.It is all about ""historical"" gameplay during the Roman Empire.Rome II is worth your money because it offers you a lot... (I had more than 1000 hours of fun with this game)My review is based on the game without mods. Yes, vanilla from release on.(I never had any serious problems with the game) [Patch 17]Pro+ Graphics are still good for a 2013 game+ Battlefields are well made with some love for details+ Unit detail is okay and the animations are good (Blood DLC gives you some gore)+ Naval battles are a mess but it seems that they really happend like in the game^^+ Huge map (Ancient known world, regions [2-4 towns])+ Region system and edicts+ Wonders and important ressources+ War Elephants!+ Seasons+ Revolts!+ Over 100 factions+ Armies can level up in addition to the generals+ Good weather effects+ Religion and diplomacy+ Huge battles+ Barbarians+ Great sound, ambient music = great feeling+ High replayability (DLC's for factions and additional campaigns)+ More than one campaign besides the main one+ A few historic battles+ Multiplayer Co-Op or Versus+ Mods for every tasteCon- The AI is sometimes gamebreaking bad. It is passive and has a bad pathfinding. Simply, it has often no strategy... [mods could help out]- Sieges are not bad but the town designs repeat themselves often...- Way to many DLC's- Generals are weak and have no real skills...- No family tree...- I wish a few African Tribes would be playable (official)- Compared to other Total War games before it seems to have less game mechanics (You can't place any forts or towers like in the first Rome Total War)- I miss the agent videos of older Total Wars- Nealry no historical background informations like in ""Empire Total War""Conclusion:Although I miss a few game mechanics in Rome II, which had been in Rome I, it is a great Total War game. Mods can give the game more depth and replayability. The ancient world is waiting for you to be conquered. This game is a must have if you like Total War games!My rating is85/100Have fun!English is not my native language. Grammatical mistakes are possible :DRegards,Dead_Terror"
76561198006817744,Recommended,214950,12575283,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Broodjiebal,"Total war: ROME II has been vastly improved from last years catastrophic release. This is the game that should have been released originally. It's not perfect but it's now a solid fun TW Rome experience, which I can finally comfortably recommend."
76561198029412352,Not Recommended,214950,16740961,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,spiritblazer_89,"Recently I upgraded my pc and I was thinking of buying Rome 2.I love all the previous Total War games, I know they have bugs but I choose to overlook them.But breaking the game to 5 pieces and then selling it. Thanks CA, but NO thanks!!!Rome 2 Total War = 54,99Black Sea Colonies = 7.49Pirates and Riders = 7.49Greek States = 7.49Nomadic Tribes = 7.49Complete game = 84.95 Euros.(I didn't include the campaign dlcs, i'm only interested in the Grand Campaign)It's not about if I you can afford it or not, it's about boycotting this type of marketing! Don't buy this game, wait for a gold/complete version."
76561198006607098,Not Recommended,214950,14420485,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Abad,"As an owner of every single Total War game up until recently, this is another game I wanted to like but never managed to.The game has advanced graphically, but not in other aspects. Some mechanics have changed, lacking real innovations and its hard to objectively say any single new mechanic is ""better"" then its previous iteration.Waiting times ingame are very long, loading is frequent and time-consuming. Even on a healthy quadcore with plenty of RAM, the game is very slow overall. An SSD would adress the loading times, but would do nothing for the slow decission-making process the AI seems to suffer from.I remember having similar issues with Rome: Total War. As my hardware improved over the years, this game became a lot more fluent.Perhaps in a few years the hardware will be available to make this game play with the fluency required for some level of immersion. Currently, this is too slow of a game for me, making me stick to older incarnations of the game.As a final point, given all the above, the price is far too high, and bringing out DLC while having a faulty base-product, is really low."
,Recommended,214950,26219654,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ParadigmWolf,"Here's why 99% of negative reviews are invalid:Check the date the review was posted.It was likely posted when the game was still going through patching hell. I've heard that the game use to be broken, that the patches ruined more than they helped, that the campaign diplomacy was broken, that the campaign itself was broken, etc.Did CA rush the game? Probably. But this isn't about how angry we are, this is about the game itself. And the game is amazing. No game I've ever played has come close to this. The mix of turn based strategy and real time battles is so entertaining.I'd even say it's better than Shogun 2 Total War which is the highest rated total war game. The only downside of rome 2 is that there is a steep learning curve. They didn't do a great job of organizing all of the information and making it all intuitive to learn. The campaign is closer to being shotgunned in the face with 500 stats and facts from all of your provinces, politics, armies, and more.BUTonce you learn how to play the game is so deep and incredible. And if your pc can run it; watching battles close up is like watching a movie. The seiges are beautiful with the full sized walls, seige equipment, destructible barricades, gore (if you buy the $2 DLC), and massive hordes of armies.And the mods..... omg the mods. They can make the AI easy or hard (or ridiculous). They unlock every faction in the game minus the DLC ones. Which means you get about 50 free factions to play. There are unit packs with entirely new units, stats, and even overhauls for the campaign and battles. There are even mods that shuffle the map around so that Rome can start where egypt is, or sparta where the barbarians are. There are mods that change how the morale system works, how fast the battles come to a close, and what types of flanking/strategy are the most effective.I literally have to force myself to stop playing sometimes. This is one of those games where you could be playing for an hour only to realize it's actually been 5."
,Recommended,214950,17540308,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Matty-t,"While Rome 2's now imfamous launch was attrocious, in its current state, the game is one of the best of the Total War series, and a shining example of a RTS.1. Campaign: As always, Rome 2's campaign is a mix of turn based strategical management on the campaign map, and real time battles. For the most part, the AI does a good job managing their cities and armies. They don't make foolish mistakes, they defend their cities, and they attack any vulnerabilities left by the player. The UI is fine, but the lack of branching skill trees for generals can be annoying. The removal of family trees is another annoyance as you feel no attachment to your faction's characters. One place where Rome 2 shines, however, is its variety. There are dozens of faction to chose from, exact numbers based on DLC, all of which have interesting units, traits, and challenge levels.2. Battles: Once again, we see the return of CA's battle AI. While it is not totally imcopetent, it consistently makes moronic mistakes. It will engage your pikemen head on, charge cavalry into the front of heavy infantry, and often attack with no real tact. However, the battles are still fun. Troops are easy to control and the battle UI is slick and customizable. Sure, when a cav unit inexplicably gets stuck on one lonely spearman it can♥♥♥♥♥♥you the hell off, but it never detracts from the overall expirience.3. Multiplayer: Due to the variety of factions, Rome 2's multiplayer shines. Each faction is fun to play as and offers different stregnths and weaknesses. The added bonus of phasing out the battle AI is just the icing on the cake. However, technical issues still at times hinder the multiplayer, as you will often expirience severe lag and will occasionally be dropped from the game.4. Graphics: As one of the best optimized PC games out there in its current state, Rome 2 has no issue delivering both stellar graphics (in-battles and on the campaign map) and smooth framerates.5. DLC offerings: While the 'Wrath of Sparta' DLC fell short, and I still have yet to see the point of 'Blood and Gore,' Rome 2 still has some fine offerings for DLC. Some packs will add fun new factions, and others will offer new, full legnth historical camapign scenarios to be played out on customized maps. Without a doubt, 'Hannibal at the Gates' and Caesar in Gaul' stand out from the pack as superd additions to the game and engrosing windows into some of the most fascinating wars in antique history.Without a doubt, Rome 2 stands out as one of the most extensive and deep offerings in the RTS genre. It is a stellar game and in its current condition, and it is the best Total War game to date."
76561198046448974,Not Recommended,214950,25781626,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[RCL]Ghandi,"The game is fine, but i miss the days when i could buy a complete game, ♥♥♥♥ DLCs"
,Not Recommended,214950,10354160,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,SHERMAN,"While this game is definately playable (Though ideally when heavily modded), this is not the successor to the orginal Rome which Total War veterens wanted. It's more akin to Empire: Total War in its structure and yet more simplified. Its controversial released combined with the dumbed down approach to campaign management (the province system, general system and recruitment system) means that I would recommend any other Total War title (with the exception of possibly Empire) over this one. However the game has been patched to a level where a new player to the Total War franchise should at least consider it , however I would suggest you wait for a sale ($60 is not worth it for this game in my opinion).On top of this, the game seems to have shed some of the aesthetic features which made the first Rome so immersive. The lack of a family (while not required) means that you feel little to no immersion to your generals. They're just ""spawn general and give him a random name"", a tool to be used worn out and thrown away. Emperor edition has not changed this other than the presence of a few historical generals in the Imperator Augustus campaign and the limited use of them as political tools to gain gravitas.The same can be said for the politics system. While the concept is great, the exectuion leaves a player feeling likes its strapped on to the side, since there was no actual politcal positioning involved other than gathering Gravitas (The resource the game uses to increase politcal support percentage). [Edit] The Emperor edition patch has fixed this somewhat by adding a politics tab which you can use to determine your overall politcal standing in the same way the senate slider functioned in Rome 1 as well as guage the risk of a civil war. While there still isn't an organised map of senate positions (where you would be able to determine how high up your general is in the senate), it still places faction politics into a position where the player can see its benefits to the faction as well as its relevence to the game over all. In the original Rome, having a high ranking general in the senate (Consul or other high ranking positions) felt like it was of immense importance in terms of your standing with the senate. But you don't feel that connection to your generals. Its like theres supposed to be a connection to the senate but there is none to be seen apart from a rank which isn't really displayed.The armies and recruitment system is also a step backwards. The number of armies you can field at one time has been hardcoded with a limit based on your faction's Imperium level. This severely restricts your capability to spread your forces, as they limited to working only within an army. You cannot detach a small force to bolster a garrison and you find your self forced to move an entire army in order to swap a few units between them. The recruiment is linked to these armies aswell, so you cannot have an army on the move and produce reserves at the same time. This all has a severely negative effective effect on your ability to field armies in a dynamic manner. The arguement for this change has been to stop random small ai forces jsut roaming your lands for no reason, however in my experience, the only difference is that these warbands now have a general at their head and a raiding stance icon above them.Navies in this game are virtually useless due to uncanny strength of transport vessels. This is due to the fact that armies now automatically form a fleet of transports the moment they are ordered into the sea. Considering that a considerable portion of Roman conflict occurred around the Mediterean, this ability to magically make a transport navy appear out of thin air is a major oversight, as it renders navies pointless, as transports make equally effective fighting vessels. The ramming mechanic is messed up to the point that a light skirmisher bireme can sink a heavily loaded quintareme filled with marines in a few hits, rendering most expensive naval vessels useless.The province system restricts your ability to build your cities by hard coding them into two presets, provincial villages and provincial capitals. Capitals can build practically any structure and have pre-built walls which cannot be improved in any manner. Villages by contrast can only build certain building types and cannot be fortified in any manner. This greatly diminshes the ability to customise your empire as it existed in the original Rome. In other Total War games, every settlement was the same preset, it could be built up, fortified and garrisioned as needed. You could created industrial or military cities where you wanted and when you wanted. This is something you simply cannot do in Rome 2. On top of this, the limited number of build slots which has haunted the last few Total War games also makes a return, limiting what you can do with the city's space.[Edit] After 15 patches the vanilla balance of units atleast feels good enough to credit the combat in this game. Graphically stunning with only a few things to nit pick such as the inccorrect modeling of the hoplite phalanx.(use the argive grip please)[/edit]Rome 2 has finally become a playable experience similar in many aspects to Empire. For a new comer to the Total War series, this game would be worth a look though not at $60, however from the point of a veteren of the Total War series, this entry seems far more restrictive than previous titles and I cannot recommend this game over other Total War titles. Instead you should consider other Total War titles like Shogun 2 or the original Rome.[Edit] After 15 patches the base game has reached a state somewhat similar to Empire. It is now a decent game and newcomers to the Total War series should have no problems with this game. Regardless because of the cost of the game (60$) combined with the misgivings I've provided above, I still will not recommend this game when the other Total War titles provide a better experience at a better price at the cost of only graphical quality.To address the questions regarding my over 300 hours of game time, yes I've continued to play Rome 2 despite my concerns (And with several mods to boot) , however I feel that my concerns mentioned above are still legitimate.[/edit]"
,Not Recommended,214950,20342057,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Totalwarfan2000,I miss old CA.
,Recommended,214950,13065481,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Valkyrie,Full Video ReviewRevisiting the game and it's current state.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3LPCGZXbz0&list=UUjb9fsvM4atnePKH1ndMVWA
,Not Recommended,214950,8913780,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Volound,Utter♥♥♥♥♥♥http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DA6BOjqjfvI
76561198000832816,Not Recommended,214950,14709257,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Rhoyd Quaid,"For years I've spoken praises for the Total War franchise; and I can say that I have played hundreds of hours of Medieval 2 alone, not to mention similar investments in Empire, Shogun, and Rome II. But alas, the time has come where I can confidently state that I will not buy another Total War title, for Rome II was the last straw. The Franchise has been devolving since Medieval II.TL;DR at bottom.I was originally hooked back in 2007 on the first incarnation of Rome: Total War, and I was completely STRICKEN with it until I was exposed to the ""hotseat"" variant for Medieval II: Kingdoms. To this day, many of my friends and I continue these hotseat campaigns through the Retrofit mod, and it has become somewhat of a ritual for us. Since, we have hoped for a Total War experience that would capitalize on this feature and maximize the idea of a ""multiplayer campaign."" Since, we have been disappointed time and time again.Empire came promising a new multiplayer campaign that could be played on a massive scale that included three entirely separate theaters! Unfortunately, unlike the hotseat function, only two players could be present, and this alone was enough to shy my friends from buying it (not to mention a very limited selection of factions, and no ability to edit the descr_strat.txt to unlock all factions. . . but no matter! A simple mod fix, I thought!) but I had to try it. After having my all-time favorite campaign as Prussia, Empire had my praise. I persuaded a friend to play this ""Beta"" campaign. We did, and indeed we found it to be exceptional. We could even play as the enemy faction during battles to surmount the jagged AI which for YEARS was found to be lacking. Then, after 10 turns of greatness, the dreaded DESYNC. We trouble-shot for hours on end, digging through the internet to find answers- to no avail. Plenty of others had the same issue, but there were no answers? How curious. Even following ""a one-month delay for the release of Empire"" (Quote Wikipedia) they couldn't fashion a working version of the Multiplayer campaign? No matter, I thought; a failed project. Perhaps they will fix it in the near future. Unfortunately, despite taking my money and making a promise, to this day no fix has been issued. A ""Beta"" they called it- not worthy of a fix, despite having delayed the game launch. Buy Napoleon, they said. Quote the Creative Assembly; ""This beta programme was designed to offer a taste of the exciting multiplayer gameplay we were integrating into recent titles, such as Total War: Shogun 2 and Napoleon: Total War,""I ignored Napoleon entirely (although I was foolish enough to buy it) because of the puny map size and the pathetic faction diversity. These facts did not convince any of 'my party' to buy it, either. Despite a supposed ""working"" multiplayer campaign, where was the fun if you could not be Venice, Spain, or Greece? What about an African or Anatolian or, for that matter, any ""small"" faction whatsoever? I supposed it was because there was no audience for such things. I supposed that all of my desires were a niche and that only my group of friends were the audience.Then came Shogun offering another attempt at a multiplayer campaign; still no hotseat, mind you. Again I felt hope that it could be everything I had wished, and again I gave the Creative Assembly my money. PLENTY of ""small"" factions, but little unit diversity! You could play with Samurai, or with Samurai; Japan is a very small place, after all. By the way, where were the nearby Eastern Korean or Chinese shores? Once more, Shogun did not interest the majority of my friends (for there was no hotseat function! No separate theaters of war! How difficult could it be to BRING BACK an old, yet fantastic idea? It could even be modernized and perfected!) but one other decided to take the plunge with me. I wasn't impressed by the lack of unit diversity, but I found myself well at home with the culture and the new agent system. The campaign AI was still clanky and had an absurd handicap budget, but at least the multiplayer campaign didn't desync! Or, thus I thought, until ALAS! The dreaded DYSYNC AGAIN! We were halted until we discovered the problem; each turn that passed seemed to bring the .sav file to a bigger size (just like in Medieval) and these new ""packets"" of data would build upon each other until finally, after enough turns had passed, our (I and my campaign partner's) .sav files were no longer identical. The fix? exchange .sav files via E-mail and replace. Thus, the desync was defeated- but only temporarily. It would come back to haunt us every twenty or thirty turns and we would have to repeat the process.NBD, I played Shogun with this friend of mine for many hours. We completed several multiplayer campaigns on Legendary (cooperating and surviving) and tried a multitude of factions to mix up our geographical positioning. I wanted more so I reluctantly bought the Fall of the Samurai campaign for both myself and my friend, whom is an adamant boycotter of DLC- fearing that each sale to The Creative Assembly is another encouragement for MORE DLC. I foolishly purchased and gifted him a copy. We went on to play two more Legendary Coop campaigns both for and against the Imperials. Even with the presence of the Westerners, there STILL was no Korea and no China.I must admit over the years my desire to play SP campaigns has died down, and I've been looking for something to do with friends more than to do with myself. That said, I've played ample SP campaigns for each title, with the exception of Napoleon. I've played ample MP campaigns on Shogun and Rome II, and I've invested hours of effort into attempting the Empire Beta, both LAN and online. As I said earlier I still do Hotseat campaigns with my mates to this day, and we have one rotating right now.TL;DRROME II REVIEW:My rating: 5/10 MP campaign, 3/10 SP campaignPROS- Decent/good battle AI- Armies/Navies more personal/customizable- Decent campaign AI- IF YOU PAY FOR IT, reasonable unit diversity,CONS- OVER HALF AVAILABLE FACTIONS ARE DLC. TERRIBLE FACTION DIVERSITY.- MORE THAN HALF CAMPAIGNS ARE DLC. INCOMPLETE GAME THROUGH and THROUGH.- Non tradable tech tree. Uninteresting tech.- No multiple theaters- Army units are glued to their generals, unlike previously- Battle AI still somewhat reliant on stat handicaps- *nonfrequent* Desyncing multiplayer campaign, limited 2 playersCONCLUSIONSo, what's my point? Each game had its admirable traits, but the Creative Assembly continues to swing and miss. Gradually they have lost their innovation and they are trying to get away with selling more DLC. IT IS UNBELIEVABLE and honestly quite INSULTING to me that the GREEK STATES are DLC. (Or preorder contents in my case.)To be honest, I DO have fun playing Rome II, but I think it is an UNFINISHED product. There are tears in the graphics, many unit animations look mechanical, the load times are substantial, and half the game is DLC. IF none of the game were DLC, I would rate it 9/10 and call it a fantastic game, even if it was at the expense of my ideal Rome II.SO what would be my ideal Rome II? A blend of traits from each total war.Medieval II: Hotseat campaign / Unit and faction roster diversityEmpire: 3 theater world map / political, systems / gamechanging, tradable techShogun: Good agent systemRome II: Customizable armies / Dynamic naval application / Good AI / cultural differencesNO FACTIONS DLC. NO CAMPAIGNS DLC. DESYNC FREE MULTIPLAYER CAMPAIGN. HOTSEAT WITH REALTIME PLAYABLE BATTLES.I have NO reason to believe ATTILA will be anything but a graphical UI revamp, and thus NO REASON to believe the Creative Assembly deserves another dollar of mine. They are selling content that is in every respect UNFINISHED."
,Not Recommended,214950,13743525,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Duarte Goncalves,"At full price is not worth it. At half price is not worth it. At 75% is not worth it.At 80% maybe, but do the math well enough because there are DLC to be bought.Spending 127,41€ in this game without a discount is being insane and Incredibly... stupid. I made the mistake of paying 112.42€. Worst purchase I ever done in my life regarding videogames."
76561198015270843,Not Recommended,214950,16670796,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jack1n,"Still very buggy even after a long time after release,most DLC's should have already been a part of the base game and some are completely pointless."
76561198060575352,Not Recommended,214950,7758048,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,todd_cefai,"This game is horrible, the AI is a joke, it runs horribly (considier the recomended settings to be a minimum) and the DLC whoring has allready begun. Even before they fixed the game they pumped out paid DLC.Pathetic, avoid this game like the plague."
,Not Recommended,214950,7759591,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ZomgNades!,"The AI is abysmal.  I can defend a city with only 300 against 4000 all because the AI decides it wants to use a gate all the way across the city instead of climbing the walls or storming the gate in front of it.  The current political intrigue seems useless and I try to ignore it now.  Lastly the auto resolve feature, common to all Total War games, is incorrect in almost all regards.  You can have such a superior army and it still have you in the red.  Fight it out and you only lose a fraction of your units, 10 out of 10 times this occurs."
76561197970435040,Not Recommended,214950,7767003,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,kmansp,"This was probably the biggest let down of the year.  A longtime total war fan, I had high hopes for Rome 2.  Unfortunately it was bogged down by poor gameplay and poor optimization.  Even three months later after launch, it's still plagued by poor AI.  The modding community has come together to fix what they can, but even they can only do so much.  It's really sad.  What's more troubling is how much the game developers promised and promoted, leaving content out and selling it as DLC.I cannot recommend this game at all.  It has its moments where it shines, but just as you're getting in to it, you are let down by performance issues, bugs, or bad AI.Edit:  Rome 2 Emperor Edtition reviewCA updated the game all year, releasing 15 different patches.  Finally, with the Emperor Edition, it's in a playable state instead of a beta.  It's not perfect; there are still some optimization issues and even if you have a high end PC you are going to experience Framerate issues as well as stuttering in certain occasions- like during sieges when units are climing up and down walls/fighting on walls.The EE update improved a lot of things, including campaign AI and battle AI, and a slight visual update.  It's worth playing now, but I still wouldn't pay 60 bucks for it.  At this point I would wait for it to go on sale, particularly since TW: Attila is coming out in february.I give props to CA for continuing to support their game and constantly updating, but it was too little too late in my opinion.  I spent more hours testing and fine tuning than playing throughout the year.   There were a lot of immersion breaking issues, and there still are a few even now.  Nothing kills your fun like seeing units stutter around on the walls, and while CA is still working to fix this, they release silly nonsense like the Women of Mars DLC and the Halloween update to keep us distracted until they can figure out how to fix it."
,Not Recommended,214950,29864565,Posted: 11 February,all,Iji Kataiser,"Rome II. The launch was a blind-date with broken gameplay and buggy traversty, riddled with so many errors and balancing issue that it's infamy will never live down. Now? Somewhat below average, I'm sorry to say.The Good: I'll be brief. The good things about the game is the things you would expect from a Total War game - the campaign map is great and works the strategy overview of your Empire. You decide where armies go, what you build in what settlements, how you manage your economy, diplomacy, and so on. Some things are streamlined and dumbed down, but there is enough flavor to make it a game about the antiquity it's trying to represent. I like the new cultural system and the effect it has, it's a nice new touch and makes more sense than once again having to garrison the castle you just took because somehow, the peasants give a damn about what authoritarian Japanese feudal lord squeeze them for more rice sacks, or not. Tactical battles work as you may expect and it's still not terribly hard to either turn a losing battle around through simple skills, or to make it at costly to the enemy as possible.Beyond this, the modding scene HAS to be mentioned. Radious Mod is the most known and widely used because it's one of the most complete, balanced and able one out there, adding considerably more units to various factions and helping to balance things out more, as well as graphical improvements etc. Other mods enhance the graphics more if you wish, improve blood-effects, add units to specific factions that are lacking, and so on. (Honestly Messalia for instance can not train any archer type troops on their own. This is a BIG.DEAL. There are mods that help deal with this.) It's weird to have to mention the mod-scene as a good about the game itself, but here it is, mods greatly help you enjoy this game more, depending on what mods you get.The bad:I wish I could be brief but there is SO.MUCH. here that's a major concern for me and the reasons, obviously, I can't recommend this game. Only buy this if you can live with or don't care much about the issues at hand here.First of all, the DLC whoring is obvious and widely documented. Just look at the list on Steam and you will see what I mean. Luckily the only 'essential' DLC to me is the blood-pack, because reasons, and mods can seriously help you with this game in this area as well as so many others, so you may find yourself not needing the official DLC to get what you want out of this. This still don't justify or reedem the audacity it is to hide a sizable portion of the factions out there behind pay-walls, just as one example.Secondly, the difficulty settings are completely bi-polar and horrible.Easy difficulty is a massive joke. Everything is simple and way to easy. Your economy will never struggle unless you are completely incompetent, your armies will hardly ever lose, unless again you have personal problems, your agents are easy to level up and meet with success almost all the time. It's boring, you win all the time, there is no challenge at all.Normal difficulty is barely any better. Depending on what faction you play, you may struggle a little in the beeginning period, but once you have a couple provinces under your firm control, you start to snowball out of control and by the time you have 5+ the game is terribly boring. Agent actions are still easy to pull off and the economy is solid. You will be rolling in money soon enough and your biggest problem is, everyone around you turn into beggars asking you for hand-outs. Everyone.Hard difficulty is where the suffering begins. The game don't seem to understand how to increase difficulty a bit at a time, and there is a MASSIVE leap between normal - to easy - and hard - that is frustating as hell.On hard difficulty, any agent success-chance lower than 80% is an automatic fail 4 out of 5 times. Above that it's basically 50/50 chance. Note the chances and the times you fail vs succeed. You will not be pleased. This turns agent actions into a gold-sink that frustrates you far more than it should.The economy is hard to handle and you will need to know what you are doing and how to manage your infrastructure, how to make friends and keep them - and this too is harder than ever, with the AI sometimes blatantly refusing to trade with you, even if they love you, and you have been their finest and most loyal friend since forever. This requires constant maintenence and you will only start getting a balanced and able economy around 4+ provinces.Your armies had better be led by veteran and able generals and you will need to work together with muliple good stacks of troops, because if you slip up the AI can and will obliterate you suddenly and without warning, because......the AI cheats like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. When you understand how the economy works, you understand exactly how your enemy has infinite money. They always have the money to pay for agent actions, and recruit armies, and improve settlements and so on. It does NOT matter how hard you crush them and limit their land. The enemy can be down to one minor settlement with only one economy building that can't cover all the armies they have, and only one military building that can't produce all the different types of troops they constantly get. The AI will always have armies, leave them to their devices and they will come for you, with powerful and noumerous troops.Because the AI has infinite money their agents are always doing things, so they level up quick. Ergo, you will soon be harassed by super-agents who can and will scuttle all your plans and cripple and dismantle your armies. In contrast, you have to pay for your agent with money you don't always have to spare, and the odds of failure and thus wasting that money are very, very high. Once you lose a few high-end generals the green-horn replacments are not nearly as good at resisting agent actions as the old ones, leading to your armies being crippled a lot easier than before, so even if you can replace your losses, their effectiveness is being limited the longer the conflict goes on.Add to this some really absurd ideas about how sieges go - cities for instance can have 3 different control points, where it's a king of the hill style race to control the majority. Once you hold 2, the timer ticks down to victory. You can lose a whole army without a single man dying because your carefully crafted kill-zone only covers one flag and the enemy don't have to kill a single man to wipe out the whole army. Totally logical and a sound game-mechanic, I'm sure.On top of the imbalances the AI is very eager to make alliances and deals with other factions, much more than what they did on easier difficulties, so you can soon find yourself with a war on multiple fronts and seriously outnumbered by your new enemies. Even your long-standing allies can become your enemies in this manner as the AI is much better at teaming up against you, no matter what they have to do. Be on-the-ball with your diplomacy at all times or pay the price really soon.All this said, hard difficulty does provide a big challenge, but it does so not by being harder in an organic way, where the AI has the same limitations and rules as you, but they do it by blatantly cheating and enjoying perks you will never have. To some this is just a bigger challenge, to others it's a massively frustrating experience that will leave you shouting curses at your monitor.The short and simple is, ROME II is a total war game in all ways you expect, and that may be all you want. However it also suffers from poor business decisions, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI balancing that may frustrate you or bore you, and a strategic system you may find to be intuitive and decently set up, or needlessly dumbed down, all things considered. Should you find yourself not caring or handling these factors, it's a decent game and worth your time and money. If not, you may want to see if Total War: Warhammer is better off."
76561197995041483,Not Recommended,214950,12482497,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,DumpTruck,"With the release of Emperor Edition, Total War: ROME II has finally launched the game they meant to make back in 2013, a full year ago.  What this means is ROME II no longer has fatal bugs, crashes, humorously rendered faces, poorly designed building trees, poorly designed tech trees, or painful wait times between turns.  The bugs are gone, the polish is there, it is safe to say this is a completed game.This might be too long for people, so I'll put my final thoughts here and then if you wish you can read the justification for them below:Rome 2 is more of a management game than a strategy game.  There are very few strategic descisions to be made in this game after 30 turns into a campaign.  You simply build buildings, train troops, give movement orders, and upgrade generals because if you don't the game gives you a pop up telling you what you forgot to do.  There's a shameful lack of interesting battles to be fought, and it hardly matters what buildings you choose to upgrade or build, and it certainly doesn't matter what general traits you choose.  So you click the buttons to get the pop ups to go away, and eventually you start wondering why you started the game up in the first place, because there's no game to be had here.I'll start with the Campaign.The map is pretty, but a pain to navigate when your empire is large, as the camera does not zoom out enough on the main screen, forcing you to go into 'strategic mode' and double click and have the game zip the camera over there.  Despite there being several views of the map: the normal camera, the strategic map, and the diplomatic map (the latter of the two having options to change different overlays) there is still no good way to get a picture of what is going on in your empire.  The Strategic map will show you the position of your armies and enemy armies, but it doesn't tell you how big the armies are, or how much movement they have left.  So when you see an enemy flag in your territory, you still have to zoom your camera over there to see if its a full army or one of the small, threatless stacks the AI likes to create.On the campaign you will develope your cities and move your armies.  The UI for these functions is minimalistic with lots of tool tips that pop up.  This allows you to get a good look at the graphics, and a poor look at what the buildings do and what affects are on your armies and generals.  To compare two different buildings you have to hover over one, wait for the tool tip, memorize the stats then hover over another, wait for the tool tip and mentaly compare the stats of the first option.  There is no side by side view, or a list of effects or anything.  This leaves you mousing back and forth frequently trying to pick which building you want.  The buildings themselves often offer small percentage bonuses to one type of income (cultural for example) and cost food.  Thus one must balance their food and food-demanding buildings appropriately.  This is an ok mechanic.  It's not great, but it's something to break up the monotony or the linear upgrades of other Total War titles.  However once you have a large empire, it is very easy to lose interest in min-maxing your buildings, because you end up conquering so many cities so quickly that you always have food and you always have money, so balancing the economy and food tends to go away at a certain size.  The technology tree feels rather pointless and linear.  It provides either a flat bonus to troops (like upkeep, movement speed, or combat effectiveness) and access to buildings which allow higher teir troops to be trained.  This mechanic is hollow.  It primarily serves to gateway what troops are available at what times of the game, because the flat bonuses are small and inconsequential.  Some of the religious buildings will increase your research rate by a small amount, but the technology tree still fees shallow and arbitrary.  In Rome 1 units were gated by buildings, and occasionally (in the case of Roman legionaries) the date.  This functioned better, and was more transparent, which allowed for better planning.I like the feature of generals and armies leveling up, but they get too many bonuses and they seem so small and unnoticeable.  This leaves me clicking one at random and not really caring, similar to buildings.Other aspects of the campaign map are simmilar enough to the other Total Wars that I can't expect anything more or less from them.On to the battles.Battles are pretty.  There's plenty of nice effects that let you see your army of antiquity on the battlefield in high fidelity.  However, due to the nature of Total War AI (which is SLIGHTLY improved in Rome 2) the battles are boring.  As long as you line your men up to face the enemy properly and prevent any sad attempts the AI makes at flanking you, you'll probably win.  This is a problem because the battles are supposed to be the best part.  That's where they spent all the money, right?  Right?The unit variety is nice, and I could complain about the way pikemen don't really feel like pikemen, and that the difference between heavy cav and light cav is very minimal, but there's no point, because it takes a special kind of idiot to lose to a Total War AI.  I haven't played much multiplayer, I presume the battles are decently interesting when they're both controlled by a human.Over-all.There's a mysterious and unfortunate paradox to the Total War series.  If you are playing correctly on the strategy map, you would make sure you have the highest chance to win a battle as you possibly could.  This means that most of the battles you fight you will have overwhelming odds and you can auto resolve them with 95% of your army remaining.  Fighting it out would be boring, and you probably wouldn't save that many casualties commanding yourself so what's the point?  This means that there's a small 20-30 turn window at the start of a game where you actually fight the battles because you only have one or two armies and you need to put them in 'risky' situations.  And since in a fair fight you will always defeat the AI you win those risky situations.  But once you're large enough you tend not to fight battles, and just auto resolve as you blob over the entire map.  Which leads me to the short sampler from the top of the page."
76561198300226499,Recommended,214950,33574389,Posted: 15 July,all,RainToasts,"Ok, so after 24 hrs, and over a decade of playing ""Total War"" entries, I think i've experienced enough to establish a clear idea of what this game can offer and what it cannot, so here we go.first of I gotta say i've encounterd no bugs/glitches, I know this game hada bad launch but they did a really good job of fixing most of the stuff andgetting this game to a playable state, but that's not saying this game hasno problems, this game even on a high-end pc's like mine will have very stiffpreformence (especially on the FPS), with that's said let's move on to a moreshort review wich will summarize all of my opinions.POSITIVES:+ Great and fun real time battles.+ Graphics are real nice.+ Great variety of factions and units (different looks for each in addition)+ Strategy is requierd more than other ""Total War"" entries in the series...NEGATIVES:- ...After mid-late time on the grand campaign, most factions are way too easy.- Other factions are not challenging enough, even on very hard once you establishyour economy and have♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money, nothing is really a challenge.- UI is one of the worst ever in a ""Total War"" entry, nothing really tells anything,a lot of stuff are left out and is left to you to understand alone.My overall score: 7.8/10Thanks for taking your time :)EDIT: as requested, my specs: Nvidia GTX 970, 16GB Memory, 1.5TB."
76561197985459797,Not Recommended,214950,8577612,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,AnderZ EL,Sad day the release of ROME 2. Im a huge fan of all the Total war games but this was damn bad. Buggy and some extreamly bad desige desitions must have bean taken by the guy in charge.
76561198000349212,Recommended,214950,34673254,Posted: 1 September,all,One_moment_please,Very good game!But it is overpriced.Buy when on special.
,Not Recommended,214950,16732589,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gankalicious,"So many other total war fans have left (negative) passionate reviews detailing what is wrong with this game. Like them I wanted to like it. Rome 1 remains my most played game of all time and enthralled me for almost 18 months straight. To say that I was excited for Rome 2 is an understatement. My dissapointment is great but ultimately my review comes down to this:It's boring and lifeless and that's the worst thing I could possibly say about any game. The 100+ hours I put in were in an effort to find the fun. I didn't succeed, but it did lead me to re-buy Medieval II and pick up Shogun II for $8 during a sale. I know I'll find the fun by rolling back the clock.Avoid this game if you're a total war fan. If not, meh, maybe take a chance if you find it for a fiver, but the older games are better."
,Not Recommended,214950,13756417,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Psyduck,I played total war for countless hours.....all the way back since shogun 1.And  even if the game has been upddated so the AI isent completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ anymore.Its still very weak challenge.Oh and the DLC horror!You would kinda think when you buy a emperor editon or masters collection it would include ♥♥♥♥♥♥ overpriced DLC2.49€ for a blood and core DLC..........wow since that should not be part of the game as standard.Half complete game is what this is.......want to complete it? will cost you another 70€ for all the DLC outside sales.Buy shogun or one of the older games its a better buy and a finished game in comparison
76561198013141287,Not Recommended,214950,16626542,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Centipede,"''It's a solid game''. ""It has its moments.''' ''It's competent''.  You see, I was searching to express the good parts of Rome 2 and I' can't quite reach the words ''It's awesome, get it now'' , like I would about most other Total War titles. That must mean that I'm mixed about Rome 2 and after some pondering, I don't think I'll recommend it to my friends.Rome 2 is in itself a solidly designed strategy and if it weren't for the other titles in the series, I'd probably like it more. It certainly has a few things going for it:It's different and modernised enough so that you don't feel like it's the same as its predecessors, the battles are mostly entertaining, modern graphics, and there are some nice design additions:They've introduced a system where armies level up and gain traits, even though they need to stock up on new recruits they retain their ""unit tradition"". A good addition that mimics the way real life legions retained their own unit's traditions, stories, habits and in-jokes over time. Case in point: Legio IX Hispana, ""The Ninth"" , about which a few novels and films where made.Agents and generals matter a lot now and you can level them up in different ways, which makes you pay much more attention to individuals.Some design decisions are a bit wonky: they've done away with the family tree, which removes immersion from your lineage. The political system is good in theory but fairly annoying in practice, everyone hates you anyway. You now have a limit to the number of your armies which takes away a lot of the fun of managing your empire. The building system is convoluted and ultimately not engaging.Ultimately, my biggest gripe with R2 is that I feel it lacks in flair and immersion.  The little things add up, from the interface, the music and the unit cards and limited rosters, to the fact that it all feels 'game-y', from the weird build&tech trees to the general abilities and the all-too-many unit stats. There's no real passion for the ancient era flowing from R2, it could just as easily be a Heroes title or some other decent strategy game.It's not a bad game, it's just... the other Total Wars are better, so why play this one?"
76561198040956733,Recommended,214950,25633763,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,andrewmawdsley,Played for over 1100 hours and still enjoying the game
76561197977097881,Not Recommended,214950,7759724,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,HandActual,"Broken game, broken company full of bull and finally my heart is broken. Been with this fanchise from the beginning and I sadly don't know if I'll ever buy a CA game from this point on. Sad, very sad. Could have been a great game but is just flat and tedious.Edit: Now they have the balls to set a date for the first major DLC so soon when the core is still so broken at the very basic level. Not even talking optimization here. Really shocking. I wouldn't even gift this to my worst enemies. I just am in shock.Edit 2: Beasts of war...really...Just one face palm after another. Don't waste your cash.Edit 3: While I still do not agree with the buisness practices of CA, I would like to amend my review a bit. After many patches and with extensive mods this game is much better. If I could give it a side-ways thumb I would. Disapointed it took so long to ""fix"", 7.5/10DEI and Radious are the only reason to play this half game."
76561198247948746,Recommended,214950,30331416,Posted: 4 March,all,Telboy8888,"Remember to eat before playing, because before you know it, it's three in the morning and you will be wondering what happened to the normal passage of time. Hopelessly addictive, you will always want just one more turn."
76561198044293596,Recommended,214950,25430832,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,thehenryator,It's ok.
,Recommended,214950,24479242,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Phobos,"Rome was not patched in a day- Some guyThat's the raw truth, you know. Ever since the huge pile ofbullshbugs and unbalances this game was upon release, things are a lot different now. And for the best.The full package of Rome II: Emperor Edition includes aGrand Campaign,4 DLC Campaigns,9 gameplay packs,10 million dollars,a prostitu, never mind, I think you get the point. Some of these DLCs are free and others are a bit too pricey for what they offer. My advice?get them during steam sales.For the sake of briefness, we will mostly stick to the Grand Campaign. You got a map stretching from the Brittanic Isles and Iberia to Northern Africa and Bactria. The faction you choose will be somewhere inside this vast landscape, and your goal is to fulfill certain objectives to beat the game. The map is historically accurate, and please, show some understanding and don't complain about certain ""historical cities"" missing, if every aspect of history was added in this game, we would have a giant mess to deal with that would be pretty unplayable.The gameplay is pretty complex. As your faction's leader you got access everywhere: from internal politics between parties and dynasties, to economy, to constructing new buildings, armies, navies, to recruiting agents, to foreign policies and much more. You have so much to do and so many ways to destroy or subjugate your enemies, you will never be bored. Every playthrough is unique and always something new and different happens, requiring your skills to take care of it. Diplomacy, economy, military, they all are the means to an end. And you have to learn how to use them properly.When is comes to AI things are a bit obvious:it's completely predictable. The AI does this certain loop: build big armies, attack neighbours,refuse 80% of the time to trade, repeat. Seriously, no idea why it's so impossible to trade with other factions in this game. You have to make huge coin offers that will obliterate your coffers and most of the times, it's just not worth it. Particularly, I can't recall Rome as a faction to ever accept my trade offers. What a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they are.As for the battle AI, things are better there. The enemy actually adapts to your tactics, trying to counter your movements and is not afraid to use dirty tactics to finish you off (like using huge amounts of javelins or hit-and-run tactics with cheap units). If you don't know what you are doing or take too long to come up with a proper strategy and battle plan, the AI will proudly march back home with your general's head mounted on a spear. SPOILER ALERT:pikes and horse archers beat anything. Kind of.Not gonna lie though, the game isBEAUTIFUL. The sounds are top notch, the soldiers are detailed, the animations very cool and there are thousands of soldiers on the battlefield, ready to slaughter each other for your amusement. Combine it with graphics mods and all you have to do is order a roman armor from ebay to complete your immersion. It's simplythat good.Rome II still has several flaws, many of them fixed byAttila.That doesn't mean the game is unplayable, in fact it's extremely enjoyable and has a tremendous amount of replayability. Trying out new factions with different playstyle, take different courses than your last playthrough, epic, massive scale battles and cunning diplomacy combine in an amazing package of fun. And for those that want to take it more competitive, there's also the option toplay online.RATING:Gameplay:7.5/10Presentation:9.5/10Story:9/10Unique Factor: Replayability:10/10OVERALL:9/10Game's more patched up than an emo with suicidal tendencies and a loving family."
76561198074646266,Not Recommended,214950,8807868,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Mr. Jolly,"All the ""new features"" are lies. Politics system? What politics system? You don't feel like you're running a nation or that you have any impact on the world what so ever. If you want politics buy Victoria 2.The total war series is on it's last legs, they need to truly re-invent this game. Waste of money and time. I couldn't even complete one campaign because I just ended up getting bored after expanding a bit. All this game is is you trying to turn the map to your colour; that's it, no joke. The combat is dull and very much the same as every total war game except with LESS features. Shogun 2 was far more in-deph than this rubbish but not in-deph enough.A true scam, just a lot of hype about nothing. I won't be buying the next one."
76561198054205222,Not Recommended,214950,7875617,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Avt72727,This game was an incredible disappointment for me. I have always been a fan of the Total War Games and loved the first Rome Total War. Having said that this game takes almost every element that i  enjoyed and thought was improved upon in previous games and removed them. Either that or dumbed them down so much that it isnt even enjoyable. Don't get me wrong there is some good in this game but the bad almost makes it unplayable for me.
76561198124081401,Not Recommended,214950,18797979,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,✪ Pafy The GymRat,"I've played this game close to over 600 hours (lost my other account, about 400 hours on this one., and there are so many things that's disappointing.I'm going to bring up a few major points.1. DLC:s....... they cut out alot of parts of the game and sold them as DLC:s, which made me extremely disappointed and angry. This is one of the largest disappointments out of everything I'm about to bring up. Us, Total war fans see this as a ""F*ck you, we don't care about you. We just want money.""2. ""Wrath of Sparta"" DLC: When I played as Sparta I noticed a few things... the military building gives minus public order. Pretty f*cking stupid. On the battlefield I noticed that some of the troops say something like this ""Don't be scared men"". Which is pretty wierd since all men in the spartan society (not slaves) were trained since birth, and were renouned for their bravery -_-'. Details like this are very important for me and surely for other people aswell.3. The politics system: It's insanely bad. You have no emotional connection to your generals. Since there is no family tree or anything, and you can just replace them instantly if they die.4. Mods: I really didn't enjoy the game without using mods. There are factions that have insanely bad and small rosters. Which led me to install unit mods to have a larger variety.I have a really good computer and I run all graphics on max. And I was extremely disappointed in the results, which led me to also install graphical enhancement mods.There are many other mods that I have but you see the point here... without them, it's pretty bad.5. Bugs and glitches: After years of patching I still come across major bugs, for exampel. During a battle an enemy boat of soldiers literely went through across the whole battlefield to land on the other side of the map. This bug was seen in launch and obviously is still seen today.Soldiers are spacing out sometimes and act very wierd.Final words: Even tho the game have all these problems/issues, I still enjoy it (mods being a huge part of it). In the beggining tho, I forced myself to play the game. I'm a Total War fan, and I've been that for many many years.Warhammer is the next game that Creative Assembly will release, and if these things still appear in that game (especially the DLC b*llshit) I will literely will go insane, probably will be the last game from them I'll buy if it continues. It has already been shown that they are doing the exact same thing in Warhammer, they have ripped out Chaos Warriors out of the game and is a pre-order bonus (DLC). I'm extremely tierd of this b*llshit and they better stop before they lose all their fans. I won't buy Warhammer until this DLC b*llshit stops, you shouldn't either.Anyways, to the actual subject. These are a few points of issues out of a hundred that I've brought up.For those who aren't Total War fans, I really don't see you enjoying this game at all. And I DO NOT recommend this game, not worth the money. Not even close.The vanilla game is not worth playing at all but with mods it's okay. Still not acceptable."
,Not Recommended,214950,10839379,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JimmyWolf,"Total War: Rome II (Or just RTW2) is a game of two halves. One half is filled with potential, graphical accomplishments and a sense of community through the additions in the Workshop.The other half is a mess of bugs, poor balance and a total lack of attachment to a campaign. Bugs on release and balance issues have been part of Total War since the days of RTW1, but not after 20 patches and certainly not with the level of game-breaking effects present even nearly a year later after I pre-ordered it.The attachment is where it really hurts for me as a long time fan. Shogun Total War II made you feel attached to every member of your clan, they each gained skills and traits that made them feel genuinely unique. Rome Total War 1 was arguably the epitome of this though, with sprawling family trees and a real sense that you were taking a Roman family (or an enemy of Rome) through one of the greatest eras of history. Now most turns feel like a slog, destroying factions is commonplace thanks to the huge number of seperate areas, and characters all end up with similar traits (If everyone in my faction likes Romans then it's not really a very unique feeling to each person).Siege bugs are the worst I've seen in an RTS game, missile units sometimes don't fire and melee battles sometimes just look like two blobs fighting eachother. Naval Battles, while initially absolutely awful, have been improved but still feel totally void of character or any real sense of strategy. Mods solve some of these issues, but the game appears to irrepairable without the right combination of mods that match the the patch your at.In short, I cannot recommend it. It's easily the worst Total War game ever made and has essentially killed any chance of me pre-ordering a Creative Assembly game againEDIT: There have been several complaints on this review about my amount of playtime and how I should change my opinion based on it. I didn't spent £40 on a game to abandon it and just leave it with a bad review. I came back patch after patch, including the most recent Emperor Edition, not because I would tell someone to buy it but because I want to be ABLE to. Creative Assembly are a company I support, still support, but unless reviewers like myself make it very clear that this game was not an acceptable release and still isn't mistakes will be repeated in newer titles.Complaints about my playtime will be deleted from the review."
,Not Recommended,214950,12647534,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,ConorChaos,"Where to start with Rome 2..? Well, it looks nice I guess, but promised way too much. If you're coming to this from Rome: Total War then you'll notice a lot that is different and not so much in a good way. The game is literally still riddled with game breaking bugs 1 year from release, even after hefty patching that seems to have just covered up an otherwise sinking boat. AI that doesn't know how to siege your settlements, the game engine itself struggling to cope with 2 full armies on the field at once resulting in a perfect FPS on your part but the units in-game moving in a stuttering motion being just one bug that's been there from release and has yet to be fixed, The huge battles take such a toll on your system even though on paper your machine should be able to smash this game, leaving you feeling bitter for the price you've had to pay for a series that keeps letting it's fans down but lying to them to get their money again.There are a few interesting features like on the campaign map how you have to deal with dilemma's in your empire, I like that, makes you feel like your involved with you populace on a personal level. There is a large unit variety which is nice but after a certain point, if you're not playing as Rome, your empires tech just stops which has also been a problem in previous Total War titles, for example. Rome has a meagre power in your game but they can still happen upon the tech for their heavily armoured and well trained legions yet if you're playing as another faction then a few upgrades later is all you're going to get.There is too much that is wrong with this game and I've found that contradicting something the Creative Assembly has said gets you insta-hate from their fanboys which is a constant on the forums or blocked entirely from saying anything constructive about the game at all. With a mix of bad customer service, bare-faced lying to their customers and combined with a broken game, this Total War game isn't worth your attention unless it's on sale for a very low price."
76561197992634773,Not Recommended,214950,7755323,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Korasoff,"Total War: Rome 2 is a game with serious flaws. It was released with severe bugs; three months (not to mention seven patches) later I still experience occasional, unexplainable crashes. Gameplay-wise, the interface is poor, the AI makes mind-boggling decisions during battles and in the campaign, and the graphics leave something to be desired: even with all settings on Extreme I can't seem to get near the quality of those damnable screenshots. Oh, and the Blood & Gore setting -- a standard option in most games -- is sold as DLC. As if a $60 dollar game shouldn't have that option by default.On the flip side, the game is eminently moddable, so if you're open to experimentation you could search for mods that make the game entertaining for you. Or create those mods yourself! And hey, despite all its rough edges, I still find Rome 2 sometimes engrossing, and you might too if you're a fan of large-scale strategy... Yet I can't help but feel that I'm forcing myself to play just so I can say I got my money's worth."
,Recommended,214950,24428448,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,JDE,Pay £3 if you want gorePay £10 if you want to play as factions already in the gamePay £10 if you want more unitspay £10 if you want more priates
76561198080412262,Not Recommended,214950,11712944,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Smaug,DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLC DLCPAY MONEY TO PLAY FACTIONS THAT ARE ALREADY IN THE GAME
76561198010273253,Recommended,214950,12418033,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,swinabc,My life has disappeared
,Recommended,214950,34212579,Posted: 13 August,all,Valdrec,"Total war games are something of an odditity in the strategy genre, having survived through the post-Age of Empires Slump that seemed to trail off somewhere in the early noughties, Rome II is one of the first of a new generation of Total War games that manages to support it's original concept; the focus on realistic pitched battles, and the development of it's expanded empire-management, that is more typical in the last few years.This new generation was marked with both adherance to it's customer community, with a whole host of quality-of-life HUD updates, focus on slick and simple concepts, and defiance, with Much of the game's full content locked behind paywalls and DLC packages that were very poorly recieved, and tarnished much of the company's support throughout the following years.Rome Total war, was one of Total War's more popular games, encouraging RTS fans and history hobbyists alike, the BBC even made a television show around playing the game, 'Time Commanders' which was not too long ago renewed for a new series, ran with Rome II. Watching this original series got me very interested in tactical leadership, and lead me to a great number of games, and perhaps even the RTS series of games originally.Rome II is a revisitation of both Rome total war as a concept, but also total war mechanics. With a decent attempt to addorn with culture and art from the times, it is only sometimes lacking in full historical acurracy, but is perhaps the best game to roleplay the expansion of the Roman Empire.Featuring more in-depth policial options, the game very neatly presents itself as a game you can run as a commander, an administrator, or both at any given time. You do not need to focus too heavily on province management if you are a skilled commander, and likewise you do not need to focus too heavily on micromanaging battles if you are an adept administrator.With exciting new Sea and coastal battles, Rome II offers a new perspective on tactics, but the execution of this new concept is perhaps what leads the game into my next subject, and one fatal flaw in all Total War games; the ability of the AI.While the AI can certainly provide competative and effective executions early on in the game, any kind of familiarity with the computer, finds you learning how best to trick the computer into making mistakes that a perceptive human is simply not capable of making. Whilst some tricks do have merit, such as drawing out an army into an ambush, the AI responds as a palpable switch, flicking the exact second you take an action from across the battlefield.In coastal battles, you need only pick the right boats to funnel the AI into sticking points, strange formations and ultimately absolute victories, and while any human would make very concious decisions that could change the outcome of these battles (Correctly placed siege, bowmen etc) The AI does not learn at all.Partly this is the limitations of technology. In a game with so many potential placement options, and to a skilled commander, diverse range of tactical tricks, it is only natural that the current generation of AI would fall behind. The alternative would be the AI being capable of always landing perfect manouvers, and the ""switch"" mechanism I spoke about would only become more obvious.In the grand campaign, the starting to middle stages of the game find you using whatever diplomatic, resources and savvy you have to survive, but the late game is just sweeping across the board, purchasing the top units and throwing them at any problem. That said, the campaign is a long juicy endevour, that you will still enjoy building for the most trying parts.Overall, Rome II was the best of total war, at the time, and offers a great deal of unique gameplay for its's price. I reccommend buying this game and killing some time playing it."
76561198007320695,Recommended,214950,8150181,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sebidee,An excellent game. It's beautiful and the gameplay is great. It is a little complicated and it definitely has a steep learning curve but I'd say new players would grasp it fairly quickly. Yes it had a few bugs at launch but it has been extensively patched and the more patches are coming. It also has fantastic mod support so there is always a mod availible for any thing you want to tweak.There are a lot of people who rage on this game but they are over exagerating. If you enjoy Total War or are a beginner then I recommend you get this game!
76561198001960141,Not Recommended,214950,12993498,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,*RGDT*Phadthai,""" How far will you go for DLCs ? ""DLCs Total War"
76561198027928942,Not Recommended,214950,23117147,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Snakexss,Too much DLC for a total War Game please stop
,Not Recommended,214950,7919355,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Synthetic Nature,"The game had great potential but was clearly rushed and released too early.  The engine is unoptmized, the game is laggy and slow even on a powerful pc.  I played the first month and then quit because of the game's instability.  I had played coop campaign with a friend but each turn takes 10 minutes to cycle through the ai factions, which burned out the entire game very quickly.  Maybe in a year of patches/fixes this game will be great like the original Rome."
,Not Recommended,214950,16630987,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Lwantssugar,"Empire feels well-polished in comparison, even after many many patches it never addressed the root of many of the problems which is the warscape engine itself: it was tailor-made to simulate Early-modern line infantry warfare, not Roman maniples or Greek phallanxes. As such shields get waved around like theyre made of foam and the combat itself lacks weight, this wasnt a big issue in Empire/Napoleon since there were few dedicated melee units and most bayonet charges were brief exchanges meant to break the enemy with pure shock rather than killing power. The lack of weight is most apparent with cavalry when in Rome 1 charging a cataphract into infrantry sent the front ranks flying and often times immediatly broke said unit.Yes there are mods that can fix certain things but they cant fix the underlying problems like the engine, you should not buy a game based on the fact that there are mods to fix it; the vanilla game needs to be able to stand up on its own as a satisfactory experience to be worth your money"
,Not Recommended,214950,12163974,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Neopadro,lol I pre-ordered this game but I realized I should of just waited until the emeror edition im going to this with games now. Thanks for ♥♥♥♥ign with your custmer base CA.
,Not Recommended,214950,7874183,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Higgz,"Do not buy this buggy, poorly developed, lagging, regressive garbage heap."
,Recommended,214950,30292056,Posted: 3 March,all,arbo,"Pro's:-Immersive strategy game-Many hours of gameplay-Great realism-Much replayabiltyCons:-NOT worth 55 euros, i pre-ordered this at the same prize like 2 years ago or something-Multiple DLC prized at 15 euros?! come on dude-Most DLC are kinda money grab. Those prized at 15 euros probably have lots of content, but since we already pay 55 euros for the base game it should definately be lower, like 5 euro's at max.I recommend it because the game is really good, i just don't agree with how expensive all the content is"
,Not Recommended,214950,8637095,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ZenonXI,"Broken game, Bad AI even on higher difficulties [AI has been improved but is still weak], Horrible Desynq from Co-Op, UI that randomly breaks (and can force you to lose lots of campaign progress, unless you save manually every turn, because of message boxes that will not allow you to continue), AI turns that can take forever [Fixed in SP], and money grabbing DLC packs (Blood and Gore add-on SERIOUSLY?)AVOID.Update on 19/4/2016 - AI still cannot play a Combined Land and Naval siege. All units get stuck when beaching, leading to easy victories over impossible odds, or an unwinnable fight against few weaks foes."
76561198281748703,Recommended,214950,24471732,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,mjavery9,-Started as Sparta-Took over Athens-Macedon declares war on me-Eperius sends over thosands of troops at me-I take Larissa-Macedon attacks Larissa with a 20 stack-Eperius lands their army on my shores of Sparta-Macedon macrhes on Athens-I lose-Eperius and Macedon make a Millitary Alliance-Eperius attacks my capital with the help of Macedon-I try to run out my genreals unit-Get him with half health-Get chased down by Macedon10/10 Would Get F*cked over again
,Not Recommended,214950,12232624,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Batavii (Sander),"I've been giving this game a chance every month or 2, just tell myself to try the game and see if they fixed it. I am a Total War fan all the way back to the original Shogun. I knew it was going to be hard for CA to live up to the brilliance of Rome Total War. A year after release I am still dissapointed and sad of what they managed to launch as a finished and polished product. Instead what we got was a béta at best, for full price.My last try came with the Emperor Edition free DLC which CA claimed would fix all the problems, as if they never said that before. Nevertheless I tried it and found myself dissapointed again. so I started looking if I had the DLC and went to the store page and this I should not have done! I was horrified by the amount of DLC already available. Howcome, a game that has so many problems manages to launch so many DLC, even worse, the combined cost of the DLC is € 60,42, whereas the basegame is 'only' € 54,99. It is simply outragious they prefer to unlock-new-factions-DLC which customers have to pay for then to sort their game out. This might just have been my last try of the game and I am not sure if I want to support CA any longer, but today they have definately lost my position of an absolute fan of the company!"
,Not Recommended,214950,16473489,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,RenegadeZed,"i used to have so much fun playing rome total war.. was so hyped when i saw all the crazy cinematics they were working on. each time a new video was out on youtube, you could see in the comments that everyone was excited and couldnt wait for the game to come out.what happened? the game plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the AI sucks. youd expect epic battles, but no, your troops just get stuck in the front line of the enemy and not much is going on.. even the graphics are not where it should have been..you look around and metacritics gave this game some really good notes.. were they paid? seriously, i think they were. check the user scores tho.. you'll understand what i mean."
,Not Recommended,214950,7882343,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Harshlife,"I prefer the original. It felt more friendly, instead of locking up all the factions for future dlcs."
76561198006851210,Not Recommended,214950,7873525,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,domwh,This is a terrible game. Buggy with extermely bad/broken battle and siege AI. Steer clear of this if you enjoyed previous offerings.
76561198130380321,Recommended,214950,32668113,Posted: 22 June,all,Boobies :3,"As thou this may not be the best Total War game, it's definitely my favourite one. Right from the beginning you have a huge option of factions to choose from & most of them are wastly different. For example the Suebi tribes are barbarians, but if you compare them to the Arverni (also barbarian tribe) you find that their units have maximally one similiar unit, which really gives good sense of replayability to all factions. This TW game also has your generals & spyes aging so your main & upgraded general can die of old age right before his battle, thus maybe even losing the battle for you, because your newely recruited general doesn't have as much experience or morale. As with all TW titles as you progress deeper in the campaign & your empire expands you have higher income, but you also spend way more on many armies & new buildings to protect your realm. You can finish the campaign by many goals - warfare, economic victory & more. Then when you finish your campaign you can also play new free campaign Emperor Augustus which is set in the roman civil war & adds few more cities to the map. If you don't like singleplayer you can also play the amazingly constructed multiplayer. Where you can fight 4v4 battles with huge 20 or 40 unit armies. Obviously by playing againts players you can create tactics that would normally never work in singlepayer to defeat your enemies. Overall this game had a lot of problems on its release, but the Emperor Edition upgrade really made this TW a game that you would gladly return to from time to time."
76561198023503304,Not Recommended,214950,17344448,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,snozek,"I love the Total War franchise and Classical History!Save yourself and just play Rome Total War 1 Gold Edition.  I have a quadcore and SSD and plenty of available memory and loading was still too time consuming.Graphics were cute, but prettier graphics do not make game play better.  The game play was too directed, not enough free form game play.The agent system is irritating.  A single agent can stop an entire legion in its tracks and the legion can do NOTHING to stop it.  The % chance of success of any agent action seems to not reflect the action mission accomplishment at all.In battle labeling and unit information identifiers are frusterating.  In battle unit maneuver is sluggish.  The visibility of other units is inconsistent.  Invading a city of any size plainly favors the computer player because of the awkward in battle user interface.Diplomacy is bad comedy.  Even when I have intentionally given the AI a deal that clearly favors them, they often decline.  The AI may start a war or initiate a battle against a clearly superior force for no discernable reason.  The labels describing how reliable a civilization is or their tendency does not actually mean that much.  The most defensive, honorable, factions still are likely to stab your civilization in the back.  Curious. . .Sure, I have finished the game 4 or 5 times.  I don't feel like I have really won though because it took SO long and the in battle engagements were not much fun.  I ended up simulating almost every battle on my last two campaign wins because I was sick of waiting.This game has nice graphics, but the overall game experience is unbalanced, tedious, and too directed.  The game freedom tends to be generally cosmetic.  I do not recommend this game."
76561198043743337,Not Recommended,214950,17886519,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Artie,"Rome 2, ahhhhh Rome 2.....So much hype, so many expectations, so many promises.... Here is the thing: Overall, now is a solid game, on single player only( at least for me and my buddy).Almost 2 years after release how does the game fare? Well, the thing is, this game fails because of what sorrounded and still surrounds it,  from a design and gameplay perspective.Allow me to elaborate, if you will: this game was HYPED to no end. Several live action videos and developer diaries, ALL of it to deliver an inevitably weak game.  From a  design perspective, many strange decisions: unit cards, UI, retainers, generals, agents, faction bonuses, turns per year are just some features that seem like a downgrade from previous Total War games, namely the previous title, Shogun 2. Gameplay wise,  the battles suffer a lot, and is in this aspect that  most critics arise from. Unit collision is still an issue, cavalry still has absolute no way to it,  kill moves are quite franckly a poor way to make units interact with each other ( even tough recently they appropriated the animation of projectile hit to kill other soldiers without using the kill move mechanic, which is just lazy).Faction wise, there is almost no variety between them, (amazing that even though Shogun 2 has the exact same unit models and soldiers for every clan they still manage to give more variety and personallity than Rome 2's many factions).  Seriously, aside from character skins and faction banners, there is no difference in gameplay between Rome and Carthage.That is not to say that the game is a disaster, it is not. It has some good ideas, like province happiness, and graphics wise it is impressive, it is wonderful to see the ancient world more vivid than ever.What ultimately makes this game a thumbs down for me is the preposterous practices on the part of the publisher and the developer. Sorry, no ammount of justification will ever make up for a broken game at launch ( don't believe me? watch a certain "" angry""youtuber review of this game); day one DLC  also is unnaceptable under any circunstance, for it means it is content that was created along with the main game and cut and sold later to boost their profits ( I'm looking at you greek states DLC ( bought it later for 1 buck during sale) );Also currently, at the time of this review, we are at PATCH 17! This is absolutely outrageous, I ask you fellow gamer, how can a game need 17 PATCHES to be in a working state? Simple, an uttlerly broken game. Even if the state has improved (  sfter almost 2 years.... yay....), the point is THIS SHOULD NEVER BE ACCEPTABLE. The thing is, the moment they released this game is when they decided it was good enough for sale, and this clearly wasn't the case, so, a Shameful display.In the end, it is painfull, because this could easily have  been the greatest Total War game ever made, a comeback to the glory days of Rome 1, now it is a reminder on how not to launch a total war game.P.S. The most amazing thing, recently I played with my friend ( fellow Total War fanatic), a Fall of the Samurai coop campaign, over 60 hours  of campaign and not a SINGLE issue, NO desyncs and smooth framerate. We tried to play a Rome 2 grand Campaign recently, and it crashed on turn 2..."
,Not Recommended,214950,7742273,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,3D Marks Master,"Badly optimizations, confused GUI and graphics are pre-dx9 levels with massive army.Fake AAA titles, tie up with COD Ghost, xcom:the Bureau and Grid 2 as BAD games of the year 2013."
,Not Recommended,214950,7935558,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ironside,"I wrote this on 7 SEP 13The long anticipated and waited for Total War: Rome II! Did the new total wars series deliver or is the game as treacherous and underhanded as the Roman empire? Read the following 'brief first impression review' from my 25+ hours of game play and see what is in store for you if you decide to buy the game.First of all, if you do not know what type of game Rome II is--it is basically a turned based battle map game similar to the board game RISK, which I will stereotypically assume if you are an 80s kid you played at least once. Except for the battles are not just dice roles, you have the opportunity to raise armies, control real-time offensive and defensive battle formations, hire spies, dignitaries and companions to subjugate, assassinate, and cause all other forms of havoc to your enemy/neighbors.Several key elements exist within any game that very import to a lot of gamers such as immersion, re-playability, user friendly interfaces, uniqueness, and the list can keep going and going depending upon the player and their personal interests. I will review several facets of the game as they are important to me and stood out fairly immediately.The empire I decided to start playing first was Sparta, cheese I know, but 300 is an awesome movie and I just had to choose them first.THE BADStabilityFor my system, the game is not stable at all. Rome II is default set to high graphics and causes immediate issues. I have also found these same issues (freezing, graphical glitches, black screen of death, ect) were discovered with several different ""standard"" computer systems. Several known bugs have already populated the technical support forums with issues from integrated Intel chip-sets and graphics cards. My aging gaming laptop was barely able to keep up and setting the graphics down to low helped out tremendously. At the obvious sacrifice of visual stimulation. The game ended up looking like Medieval: Total War from 2001. Even with the game set to low, the performance was still very sluggish however playable.After starting the game up for the first time and loading the tutorial, I didn't make it very far past that. After annihilating my enemy in a very fashionable noob manner, the screen turned black instead of populating a victory window. Needless to say I ended up closing the program and ""failing"" my first mission. After doing a little bit of homework, this is also a known error with game as of day one.ImmersionImmersion within Room II is non-existent comparatively speaking. There is not any avatar/character customizations, renaming, history, background story, nothing. The generals and statesmen are empty husks of simple skills with predefined names in order to keep track of your armies. When they died in battle or of old age, it doesn't mean anything to the player because there is literally no connection. When you are required to replace the generals you eventually don't even look at the names on the newly populated list. You just randomly click and go because there isn't any difference. Where did these people come from? Who knows? Who cares? They just in charge of my entire army now! They are also identified as royal versus non-royal families. What does that mean to you? Nothing, not that I have discovered thus far anyway.Another calamity within Rome II that erodes any element of immersion for the game is waiting for your turn. I am not opposed to turn-based strategy games, honestly I love them however I do have a significant problem with the amount of time Rome II takes to get back to your empire. By the time my empire had scouted or obtain city-states from one part of Europe to the Middle East, I had to watch and wait for ALL of the empires to take their turn. This may not sound that bad, but it is, because you will wait on average 10+ minutes for all of the other empires to move their armies and all other units. I was able to get up and do some chores, make my kids lunch, watch some TV for a moment and come back to my computer and it still was not my turn! By this time I was ready to just turn the game off because I was losing interest. Not to mention during some stages of your empire's development, you may only have a minute or two worth of improvements and/or movements to make. Thus, most of your game play hours are spent watching little computer army symbols skip around a map.Artificial IntelligenceDumb. I could leave the review at that because there really isn't any other way of describing the AI, but I'll try to elaborate. I have slaughtered over 1,000s of enemy hoards, outnumbered 3 to 1, just by using simple military strategies at the loss of only a few hundred of my forces. These same battles were originally calculated as being a defeat or victory with severe losses, at times predicting over 60% my forces will die. I am not an epic military strategist and I only had the difficulty set to normal however I find it hard to believe I was able to turn the tables of battle by approximately 50% in my favor (You'll always have some battle losses regardless of what you do).THE GOODEntertainment ValueRegardless of all the problems annotated above the game is still highly addictive and fun to play. I am honestly surprised at the fact I have played 25 hours of this game within first 5 days of release, but the game is honestly hard to put down. There is nothing better than scaling the walls of my enemy and slaughtering the archers as they try to flee or running the enemy down with my cavalry as they retreat from the battlefield; out flanked and tasting my Spartan spears!PotentialThere is a lot of room for improvement which can be added in order to make it more timely and enjoyable for the average player. Such as adding a save option on the battle maps for starters, would be nice considering you have an hour to finish the battle. Sometimes the enemy just doesn't want to walk into your trap and these things take time. The fast forward time function only feels like x1.5.Brief closing comment: Good game with a lot of enjoyable features and addicting battles however covered in bugs and empty handed immersion. Not worth $60 but if you really want to try the game out wait for steam to put it on sale because it is going to happen."
,Not Recommended,214950,8395340,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,razgon,"Rome 2 is a very pretty game. It also has a lot of nice features to it, and if you are new to the series, I'm sure you'll love it.Being a veteran of the Total War series though, its a major step back in almost every way. While big and pretty, the overland map is not very functional, and serves mostly as a vehicle for moving your ten million agents that has to be moved every turn. Of course you also move armies here, and this is where the biggest disappointment of the game comes out.The AI is horrible in almost every single way. While it has gotten better, the AI still has no real idea what to do in sieges other than the extremely weird magic torches.Combat between armies end up being large blops of men, something that was introduced only in this latest of the series.All in all, I can only recommen people interested in the series to get Rome: Total War 1, Medieval 2 or Shogun 2 - all three are much better games with more features and better strategic combat."
76561198130291574,Recommended,214950,23457266,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,johnnycash6969,"This game sucked♥♥♥♥♥when it was first released. I consider myself a total war feind, i was hooked in 0'4 when the first rome came out. I was 11 years old and i fell in love.  I got amost 2000  of hours played on Rome 2 as well. Without mods this game is pretty lame. But thankfully Steam workshop is a divine intervention for gamers everywhere. By just a damn click of the mouse i can add mods with ease. ANything before the decmber '14 patch wont work becaasuse that was the last update for the game. Definetely the best game so far mods included. i got  attila too and that game sucksssss....... Dont bother buying it use the rise of christianity mod, it's set in the same time period."
76561198009967147,Not Recommended,214950,19442831,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,AnMorfeusz,"Such a shame for a great series like Total War. This game is an unfinished, buggy pile of code and art.The AI is just a pure cheat machine, while he can't do any intresting combat manouver, but defeat the roman army in 1 vs 2.Foreg.: Fight against the barbarians, and order a platoon/squad of your Spearman against the barbarian's spearman. 1 group vs 1 group and your loose it surely. If you send in two group vs one enemy, you might win the fight.In TW Arena the swordsman vs spearman, allways the swords wins. But not here. Swordsman is a bad choice.Sea battle is a complete mess. You give orders to your fleet and they ""try"" to do it. Order a boarding action, and hope the best they will do it. Sometimes, I don't know, they are just watching the waves, and the falling arrows/stones. Or maybe they are seasick?In melee your sword wielding mercenaries mostly loose against ranged infantary, at a boarding action!My flagship just sails away when its ordered to attack an enemy ship. If I give him order. If he just have to stay and get arrowshower, he is doing his job nicly.Buy a couple of siege warship, and hope that, you will stop the enemy before they reach you. Or you will loose. On the bright side: if you were try to use normal units, they will lose.City management is a joke now. It have some nice aspect, but its just difficult to understand (first), plan, and get any intresting benefit out of it. Money, maybe a few new unit. Done. Dull.There is a political system in the game, but I havn't found any intresting interaction.There is no depth in diplomatic interactions. In easy mode (couse the battle is unbearble in Normal or Hard level) ""Trade with me!"", ""Nope"". ""Fight with me against..."", ""Nope"".Great graphic demostration for an okay game design, and cheaply programed game."
,Not Recommended,214950,16015903,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Tanelorn,"Pathetic, PATHETIC campaign system is nothing but frustration and illogical silliness. AI nations do not have to fund their armies. That's really all that must be said. The most basic element of any strategy game like this, and the devs, after making DOZENS of releases, think this is ok. You can have the largest empire and a 1 city enemy still gets to max out their army stacks with no repurcussions. Battle AI is equally awful with skirmishers no skirmishing, everyone getting willingly ganked by horsemen and aggressive troops. Micromanagement at every level makes battles a chore and not fun. Naval battles are broken beyond belief.Good god the hours wasted trying to have fun in this game. Not. one. more. second..."
76561198150433779,Not Recommended,214950,31346764,Posted: 24 April,all,Burkinator,"A good game, but not good enough to stay 60 Dollars after 3 years. I like the game but it's not good enough compared to the other games to stay at that price.**Edit**#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIt's regularly (several times a year) on here for 75% off, as well as all the DLC, meaning you can get the game + all DLC for less than the game on it's own when it was first released. If you add the game/any DLC you are interested in into your wishlist, you'll even get notified by Steam when it's on sale.Although I mentioned it's not worth it at the full price, I never mentioned that it is worth it for when you can grab it on sale. When it goes on sale, which I have been told it often does, it may be worth it to pick it up.Good luck with your shopping!"
,Not Recommended,214950,7866164,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,literally i cant,NONONONONO Y U DO DIS
,Recommended,214950,8139277,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Shadow,"After a rocky release, I must say that CA has pulled them self together.What started as a avarage game has, with patch 8, been turned into a very good Total War:-Though it misses some old features, like familiy tree, it makes up for it with new ones, like the political system (I really like it. Deal with it).-The AI is (after patch 8) avrage for a total war game, although sieges still need work.-The units are ballanced, wich I find very rewarding: Because they are so balanced, you know that it is your superior tactics that won the battle.-The graphics are truly stunning, even though i pay on a high/very high combo. The units and citys feel spectacular, however  the terrain looks a bit grainy, but not game-breaking.- All bugs that plauged the launch is now gone.- Sea battles are boring (in my opinion) and broken. Take this into account when buying this game.- Historical battles are fun to play, but arn't as memorable as in earlier Total War games.- Multiplayer campain is broken at the moment (mostly desync), but normal multiplayer is fully playable, challanging and fun. Sadly, the avatar conquest does not make a comback in this game.- The DLCs that are present should have been included in the game from launch, not a pay-to-play option.All in all, I think this Total War is good. not the best, but far from the worstFinal verdict: 7.5/10Signed etc. etc.Shadow"
,Recommended,214950,7852254,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Idreaus,"amazing game, despite the hatred from certain Total War fans the game still delivers a unique depth of entertainment for those who are new into the series"
76561198007378169,Recommended,214950,25855136,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kippesnikkel,right. So. first the negative part. im really getting annoyed by all the stupid dlcs. like blood and gore. i mean. its a TOTAL WAR!!! game. but u have to buy blood for a warzone. every new faction u have to buy or pre order something. This is really annoying. i miss it that u had to unlock factions like in rome 1.Then the good part. Rome 2 is extremely good. i always like the Rome versions because u have such a diversity of units. Every faction has something special. The auxiliary that they gave the roman faction is amazing. u can make such different armies for each part of the map. The formations of units amazing and u have so much to conquer. The political system can sometimes be a pain in the butt. The game is also fully open to modding. So if u say i want a different experience. browse the workshop and u have some amazing mods for it wich gives u a new experience. got 2000 hours and still going cause i love this game. So is this game worth it? for me it defitnitly was and still is!
,Recommended,214950,23338580,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mr. Greety,"Though this games launch was absoulutely attrocious, the emperor edition fixes the majority of the problems. Though many problems are still prevalent which of course can be fixed with a few good mods. I have put in a good 200 hours into this game and I greatly reccomend this product.Pro's-Runs like a dream.-Looks beautiful.-Multiplayer battles are extremely intense.-Great modding community.-Great setting (Nothing feels as good as sacking Rome).-Campaign is one of the best (A proper working Auto-Resolve button).Con's-Unit rosters are a bit lacking (Mods fix this).-The Campaigns mid to late game becomes way too easy.-Town battles (Auto-Resolving fixes this).-Generals die like flies (4 turns per year mod fixes this).-DLC Market is attrocious (You have to pay for Blood&Gore!!!)"
76561198051006566,Recommended,214950,14900016,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Lord Tachanka,"OUR MEN FLEE THE FIELD OF BATTLE!!! THIS IS A SHAMEFULL DISPLAYAN ENTIRE UNIT HAS PERISHEDOUR GENERAL HAS FALLENTHE MEN ARE WAVERINGTHE MEN ARE WAVERINGTHE MEN ARE WAVERINGTHE MEN ARE WAVERINGTHE ENEMY GENERAL...IS...DEADseriously, this is the most useless advisor i have ever seen in a total war, but i guess we don't need one since the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥, and you can kick their♥♥♥♥♥without effort even if your men are wavering.In medieval II however your advisor actually gives you advice and can help you. This retard however is extremely annoying and only spams saying the obvious things.I would not have recommended it at all at release, but with the emperor edition and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of mods its actually a decent game, but i would recommend getting it only when its a sale for at least 75% off.11/10 would let the men waver again"
,Recommended,214950,25435847,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,CarlPole,"If you're a big Rome fan, don't mind the Warscape Engine era of TW... Sure, buy the game, cheap, on a sale. It's now actually working, still has some animation issues, but nothing game breaking anymore.HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE ""DIVIDE ET IMPERA"" MOD. I think it makes the game what it should be (or at least as close as they could get it) and it gives a hell of a lot new factions. Not stupid DLCs.If you're coming here from Medieval II and before, don't even bother trying vanilla, go straight to DEI. Oh and also the RTW music mod for some real quality music. ;)"
,Not Recommended,214950,8404550,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,713 281 nick,The men are wavering
,Recommended,214950,11170949,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sloopy Joe,Changed the resolution. Game Crashed and won't launch.10/10 would Rome Again
,Recommended,214950,32283294,Posted: 8 June,all,Soviet General Bear,I have been apart of the Total War series for most of my life and i can tell you this i have loved every bit of itProsGood CampainSmart AIFrames do tend to pose a problem somtimes but not muchVery Awesome battles i love the new addition of slow mo it just add to the battle even moreThis game has taught me alot about rome and the nations that were around then and i am thank fullThis game was the best game in my opinion out of the franchise even better than Shougun series becuase of the Amazing graphicsConsAfter playing this game for 4 - 6 months gets boring i am not going to lieThere was a lot of negitivity on releaseFinal thoughts give it a try Total war Warhammer did not live up to its potenial so i would strongly reccomend this game
76561198055533326,Recommended,214950,31423729,Posted: 28 April,all,F3ar m3,Not a bad game! Just the price is ridiculous with the amount of content it has and these dlc's. But other wise not bad!*ahem* now it's time for a poemRomans are red.Celtics are Blue.Sorry but Carthage is going to ♥♥♥♥ you. :D
,Not Recommended,214950,9696136,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,› Pylat {I Have Candy},Nothing like the original Rome Total War. Even after so many patches and so many updates it still plays terribly. I am extremely disappointed in this game. A very noticeable step backwards in the series.
,Not Recommended,214950,7868046,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,jamaize,"If you've ever enjoyed a Total War game this title ISN'T for you. it's garbage released as beyond garbage and now that it's almost playable (though not in a single player campaign which is infact the primary point of the game) they've tried to con you with a 50% off sticker. The launch 'bugs' are everywhere just do a google. while they glossed over a few of the glaring flaws they forgot to entirely redo the campaign mechanics to even a standard of any of the last games. Perhaps they were looking to introduce groundbreaking new alternative mechanics? nope... just stripped it down and sold it under the tag line ""more money than we've ever thrown at a total war title"".Playing small tactical skirmish battles with friends is an option (not the AI as even 6 months after release it still just runs into a river and dances in circles) but will only entertain you for as long as throwing a ball against a wall.Day 0 DLC that chopped out one of the top 3 nations while they pretend it's 'utilising the art devs' which actually just boils down to bad time management where the art devs should have been working on cloneable mechanic units (such as they were but pretending it was a different project) during the closing phases and dealing with balance parses as they needed to under the waving day 0 DLC badge.It's worth noting: a few of the mods may save the single player experience for some players but I can't agree fjust yet given their current state of development."
76561198090941486,Not Recommended,214950,10350113,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Maxton,"I came from this game as a sort of noob of the franchise, when i say noob, i played Napoleon Total War, i thought it was good, good UI, a nice setting, alot of units for the major factions, so I was pretty eccited for Rome 2, due to its trailers and its overall sense that CA was going to do something very good and groundbreaking, a sequal to its most beloved game, and that they woudl do a good job,I was wrong, I was very wrong, while I did not play the original, or Medieval(hense me saying that i am a sort of Noob) i could tell that this game sucked, it's UI terrible, its AI beyond bad, its Units unimaginative, its so called new Naval aspects: was so porrly done that I barely used it( a full naval squadron, highly paid PROFESSIONAL NAVAL TROOPS, could be anihalted by a transport fleet of mobs) the cities unimaginative, the Generals near useless, the Political system non-sensecall, the diplomacy confusing and entirely luck based(at least for me),Yet the worst part for me was the units, THE UNITS, this hasn't been truly touched on by some reviewers(at least to my knowledge). The only factions that they put effort into was Rome, the Selucids, Carthage maybe, Parthia, and thats about it. The barbarian factions, the Iceni, Arverni, Suebi, were identical to every other faction they bordered, even their high tier troops, so that when you reach late game, a random tribe that played no historical importance becomes ruler of Germany, Gaul, Britania, etc.  They didn't add Arverni troops that dual wiedled battleaxes(as badass as that would be) or cool eastern Parthian infantry, like dismounted Parthian cav, or master swords men, or ANYTHING THAT WOULD MAKE EVERY FACTION INTERESTING OR BALANCED. But that not a problem, the AI's so dumb that in every one of my non Rome playthoughs, Rome barely expanded past Italy at all.All-in-all, this game is a poor exuse for a game, a sad addition to a good franshice, and a game that just made everyone who bought it regret it"
,Recommended,214950,26011068,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tombali,"Great game! captures the story of the conquest of the land, and not only! In the game you can develop the economy of cities and conquered lands. The level of development of armies on a level not many branches of course, but considering how old the game is, then everything is more than perfect! Battles, run in the form of units, generally lead a real battle, in the open countryside and the siege of cities, and protection!"
76561198007695865,Recommended,214950,9270692,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ValkyrieMoon,"It is not a continuation of Rome Total War.It is a game all in itself.It did not start without problems.But with the patches,expantions,and Mods(Mods beign a big part of it all)it is a great game now.I have had heart pounding moments in this game.I have put alot of hours into this game and alot more to come.I almost past on this because of all the negative reviews.I learned a big lesson about having to play a game for myself.The A.I. is alot better since the launch.The camera control is just fantastic.To feel like you are right in the battles is awesome.Blood and guts is all I can say.You need strategy to dominate.Alot of hate over this game,but I stand up for it,and I really enjoy it."
76561198067498555,Recommended,214950,29231399,Posted: 13 January,all,JakePHD,"Rome II has come a very long way since the atrocious release and is polished to a glorious sheen. The mechanics and visuals are wonderful and feel just right. This game has endless replayability with a broad range of factions, each with a unique specificity. The campaign is wonderfully done and endlessly fun, even if the diplomacy is lacking. The custom and multiplayer battles keep the game enjoyable, even after 100+ hours. Although I would wait until a sale to aquire the gratuitous amount of DLC, this is my favorite Total War game by far."
,Recommended,214950,11557341,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Very challenging historical battles+ Managing provinces felt easier than previous titles, particularly in terms of unrest+ Added some logical features that make it more challenging, like military attrition if you run out of food+ Many differing factions, which adds to variety in gameplay+ The way researching technology is managed felt like a step up from previous entries- UI felt clunky and unpolished- I found the game engine to be very unoptimized- Lots of bugs- Common complaint, but too much of the game at release is locked so that you'll buy the DLC, including about HALF of the historical battles- Systems for managing family and politics were lifeless additions to the game and, unlike previous entries, felt very forced and had little impact on how the game progressedLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Not Recommended,214950,10073031,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Malekith,"I've been a long time Total War fan since the Original Rome back in 2003 I think.This game was hyped up, and I was keenly awaiting its release back in September thinking that this would be the best Total War to date. Alas, i was mistaken.It's been 8 months into its release, and is no where near being a finished product.The politics is terribleThe AI doesn't work in Siege or sea assault battles.There is still a massive fps/lag when units engage in combat.The AI difficulty on campaign is done by handicapping the player and giving the AI bonuses rather than a more superior AI to fight against.Diplomacy is beyond dull, and pointless.Have to play the game with mods to get any decent game time out of it, then as soon as I hit a siege, I get bored and quit as the ladders take 15 minutes to reach the walls, and then the AI decides to throw flaming twigs at the gates.I don't know what design decsions were made, but it's safe to say that prmary school children (<10) could have come up with better ideas.I haven't purchased any of the DLC since there is no point what with critical gaming elements broken or missing, and the fact that most of the DLC should be included in the game as standard!This is the last Total War game I shall ever get unless by some miracle the next one is outstanding.You will also notice from any of the promotional videos that CA have never done a battle defending in a city against the AI since the AI is completely broken.CA shipped an unfinished game which should have been advertised as ""early access alpha"" rather than a finished product.In summary, do not purchase this game unless you are just going to play multiplayer battles against real people."
,Not Recommended,214950,8654346,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,kooboh,"Please for the love of god do not buy this game. It depresses me to think how hyped I was for the release, of the sequal to one (in my opinoin) the best games ever made. Sadly CA did not deliver, at all. Even after how disapointed I was initally, I thought to myself, 'Oh come on, I have to give it a good solid shot..'. So I did, 60+ Hours later I feel EMBARRASSED to be a Total War fan, I feel bad recommending the game to my friends because we couldn't even complete a single online match because of all the desyncs. All the tech demos, pre alpha gameplay IS NOT IN THE FULL GAME, please do not be mislead by the Carthage Demo that was uploaded back in 2012. The game looks NOTHING like that, and the scale is nowhere near that large, with less than half the amount of units and ships present in the real game. The graphics are NOTHING like what you expect from the screenshots, and frankly, I can't believe it's legal even having them on the steam store page, because they are COMPLETELY MISLEADING.Please invest your money into Europa Universalis IV, or Crusader Kings II. Games which are developed by are far more competent studio, and will offer you 100's of hours of entertainment. A fraction of the price of Rome II, if you grab them in a sale."
76561197966469104,Not Recommended,214950,7871141,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mj.Gen. S.D. Ramseur,p. good for an early access game
76561197998095750,Not Recommended,214950,8599563,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,fasteraubert,"I feel like this was a waste of my time and money. I much prefered older total war titles!!Specifically: the game lags badly even on lower graphics settings (I have a brand new 2500 laptop with 12GB ram, i7 4800MQ @3.2GHz processor so that should not be happening), the loading screens for the battles take minutes as opposed to seconds for older total war titles, the army/commander/specialist unit management has badly designed interface and needlessly complicates things, and aside from the new province managment (which I did enjoy) there was nothing new and interesting enough to make up for all the problems listed above."
76561198013968015,Recommended,214950,34942683,Posted: 13 September,all,emcdunna,"Rome 2 had a rocky start. For about a year after release the game was in horrible shape. CA/Sega released the game as ""finished"" when there was still 18 months of game-breaking bugs to fix in patches, rough edges to smooth over, and a large amount of DLC that should have been included in the base game.HOWEVER, now that its over, Rome 2 is perhaps one of the best total war games to date, even now in 2017. I absolutely recommend you buy this amazing game.It takes a little while to figure out what you're doing and why certain units/tactics are more effective than others, but once you do its an extremely immersive experience that really throws you into ancient times.What I like so much about this game is how many great balancing features this game has which Attila and Warhammer got rid of. I believe the Total war franchise is getting increasingly easier (and therefore a lot less fun) from Rome 2 onwards, so Rome 2 is an interesting balance of the difficulty and immersion of older Total wars, with the features and graphics of the newer ones.Buy this game, and all the DLC cuz its worth it :)"
,Not Recommended,214950,13691344,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TreezLuv2Draw,"This game is fun, that doesn't mean this game is good. If you're looking for a true Total War experience, buy anything else."
76561198043519846,Recommended,214950,13021263,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CrossLegLuke,"I once hated it, and reviewed it as such back in february. Long story short I have officially erased that review to replace it with a positive one. Good Job CA you deserve all the praise you can get. It's not perfect, and it's not my favorite title in the series, But you've made it right by me, and as someone who preordered, defended its launch, then got fed up and bashed-- I can only praise the fact that you did not leave it in the state it was in and jumped through hoops to make it right as you could.I think at the very least we can simply forgive the past, and play the game. Just please don't do it again, boys.Is this game the best in the series? No.Is this game better than the original ROME? as far as I'm concerned they can't even be compared.Is this game perfect? No.Is it fun? yesDo I recommend it as a TW-veteran that's played these games since my age only had one-digit? Yes, Yes I do.I still say it's geared to the more casual-player, but honestly thats a really hard position to defend. If you like Total War you will get good gameplay out of this. If you've never played total war this is a good one to start with in my opinion."
76561198003586786,Not Recommended,214950,9708902,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Turrican,"Just a sad, sad entrant to the Total War series.  This is probably the most dissapointing title I have played in the last twenty years.  This is the product of a once passionate and aspirational studio which has now sunk under it's own weight of success and has lost all perspective on what makes a game work at it's core.  At launch the game was simply utterly broken.  The tutorials didn't work, the end turns took minutes, the graphics didn't work, the lag and stutter was incredible, the AI was non-existent, the mechanics weren't thought through.  What's more, CA added some awful features (random capture points on the battlefield, magic spells and 1 turn per year anyone?) and removed many staples of the series that made the game so great (seasons, family tree, map trading).Eight full months on, some of this has been amended but the game today is still a shell of a TW title and doesn't really cut the mustard.  Seasons have finally been introduced and the game has been optimised so that it actually runs properly but it's just not enough to overcome all of the weaknesses of Rome 2.  Siege battles are absolutely redundant, the AI is simply non-functioning.  Unit rosters are limited and generic, unit formations do not work properly and battlefield ai remains poor.  Naval battles are a joke and sieges are an embarassment.  The portraits in the game look abysmal.  Because the number of armies is restricted and troops are so easy to afford, every army on the map will be a full stack, which is stupid.  Public order and slaves are game systems that do not work properly and detract from the game.  Generals and agents die far too quickly.  Terrain has no effect in battle (ie archers will have the same range from the bottom of a hill as at the top).  Armies can magically cross oceans without the need for building boats.  The time it takes armies/navies to traverse the map is stupid (4 years to sail around Italy etc).  You can't build walls or roads to improve a settlement.  You can't control public order in your settlemets unless you own the entire province, which makes no sense.  The civil war is a poorly executed idea which is unrealistic and stupid (armies just spawn out of nowhere in their thouands).  The politics system is just tacked on as an afterthought, it's barely worth being there.  The technology research is uninspiring and boring.  The traits system for armies/generals is similarly unexciting and tedious.  The game engine itself doesn't seem to be able to handle the simulation of armed combat (which is a bit of a problem).All in all, this is an absolute trainwreck of a game where the developers obviously looked back over the elements of the TW series that made the games so successful and then decided to jettison anything that was worth a damn and replace it with the worst features they could imagine.  There is no hope this game will ever be in a decent state and meanwhile CA pump out the DLCs to be lapped up by devoted fanboys digging the grave of PC gaming by accepting a game made with such low standards."
76561198200929386,Recommended,214950,33266506,Posted: 5 July,all,Le Gerdferther,Started in Britain2 turns later neighbour declares war3 turns later another neighbour joins war against me5 turns later a faction from across the sea declares war (bearing in mind i havent even built a boat let alone talked to them)4 days later (real time) Conquered britain and the army from across the sea begging for peace11/10 would be underdog again
76561198194286418,Recommended,214950,34277354,Posted: 16 August,all,remco.rock2,"As a student of Greek and Latin, I automatically love this game for its historical character; you can either follow the footsteps of great Roman dictators and commanders and bit by bit conquer entire Europe, with some Middle East and North Africa on the side, crush the Romans as Carthago or start another Persian war.There are, however, some issues with historical accuracy: the AI seems to behave rather randomly at times, for instance with Syracuse declaring war on Rome in turn 2 or 3 or Massilia having conquered their way into the Balkans. I personally would love for an option to make factions behave the way they did historically as this is something that really bothers me.Furthermore, some dlc content could be available as updates to the vanilla game, instead of requiring you to pay for it (such as the blood and gore dlc and some minor faction and unit packs)These minor issues put aside, I do enjoy the game to a great extent and would recommend it to anyone interested in playing historical strategy games, although I'd recommend buying it during a sale."
76561198008576331,Recommended,214950,11912280,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ag1ad,"As of the Summer's end of 2014, when CA has patched this game so many times and fixed most of its huge bugs, even when the AI has been improved quite a lot, there shouldn't be any people out there complaining about this game. It's a very good  strategy game,  worthy it's Rome Total War title. Even though it misses some of the aspects we all came to love like the ""family tree"" from the original RTW, it's still a very good game with it's own implement upon politics , civil wars etc. Also with a bunch of mods to tweak your gameplay experience to the better. A game that every strategy fan ought to play."
,Recommended,214950,21104263,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Raleyñ,"Total War™: Rome II - Emperor Edition is a historical turn based RTS game based in.. Ancient Rome. I thoroughly enjoy playing this game, and perhaps this review will persuade you to try it out and, hopefully, enjoy it.Rome II is a sequel to the famous Rome: Total War game. It's a part of one of the largest historical strategy game franchises to date. Total War games are similar to the classic board games Risk and Axis and Allies. So if you enjoy playing those games you should feel right at home here. It is true that as of late the Total War franchise has the infamous reputation of rushed releases. However, I find that this game, after over two years of being out, has come a long way. It may still not be what people expected at release, but it's definitely come a long way.There are mainly two parts of this game, the Grand Campaign and the multiplayer. The Grand Campaign lets you play as multiple types of factions ranging from Rome to barbarian to all sorts of others. Each faction has unique units that all have their strongpoints and weaknesses. When you start off you can come from a small state with a handful of soldiers, to domination of the ancient world. As you make your way from the bottom to the top, you'll have to deal with foreign threats. These threats can range from other nations declaring war on yours all the way to widespread hunger across entire provinces.A Grand Campaign completed game can last from a couple of days (Speedrunners) to months of hard work and effort. So you should be able to get a large amount of playtime out of this game, if you like it. Grand Campaign playthroughs may or may not get repetitive based on what you classify as repetitive. In my honest opinion the Campaign can have very rich gameplay that does not involve doing the same boring task over and over. The battles against the AI can become a bit repetitive, but that's only if you exploit their dumb nature.The AI in this game is by no means the best out there. But it's definitely improved from the release. The AI can sometimes be incredibly smart and display great ingenuity, but they have a bad habit of running headlong into a pike phalanx. Not to mention misusing artillery, chariots, and elephants on mroe than one occassion. This doesn't mean the Campaign can't be fun against just AI, it's incredibly fun for me at least, especially on Very Hard or Legendary modes.The multiplayer. In my eyes this is where Rome II truly shines. The multiplayer is where you can go onto servers or create your own, where you can battle other players with factions of your choosing. This can range from 1v1s all the way up to 4v4s. Connection issues is a common problem among multiplayer games, considering you're playing with people from all around the world. However, the sheer amount of units you can have on one single battlefield when you have multiple factions going against eachother is insane. This can definitely cause major lag and a lot of times people ragequit when it's so bad everythings in slowmotion or the framerate is below 15.Like I said earlier, each faction has their own unique set of units for their choosing. This makes for very dynamic gameplay especially in multiplayer. No faction is the same. Granted there are very similar factions but they still have their unique ups and downs. With these in mind, you can choose from dozens of factions to find your right playstyle. If it's tanky sword infantry that can still pack a punch, you're in it with Rome. If you like to cripple people with charges, you can go with barbarians or cav heavy factions. If you like to use pikemen to protect valuable skirmishers to pick at enemies from a distance, then you can go greek factions. These are just a handful of examples of how dynamic the multiplayer battle gameplay can be.You can also play multiplayer campaigns. This goes for quite the interesting time. Play with your friends as allies or enemies. Multiplayer campaigns can be a lot of fun if you can get your friends to play with you, random people joining isn't really recommended as you probably couldn't play an entire campaign playthrough in one session. One of the biggest problems I have with the multiplayer campaign is the fact that when the other players turn cames around you just have to sit there. For 5 to 10 minutes you just sit there doing absolutely nothing. You can use this time to your advantage by trying to help your friend out with what you two should plan with the help of your trusty paintbrushes, but normally you just sit there. Like a lot of multiplayer games, voicechatting can really help. It might also help make the time it takes for the other player to play his turn go by with a bit more excitement.This game has a serious learning curve to it. So if you really want to get into this game and know how to counter things with the right tools, then it may take you a lot of playtime and a lot of watching videos. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but for those of you who like to just sit down right away after getting a game and then being good at it in the first 10 hours, then you may be out of luck here. In my opinion the large learning curve just makes for more time to enjoy this game.The battles. The battles are probably one of the main reasons why you're looking into this game. With thousands of soldiers at your command you can fight equal amounts, smaller amounts, or overwhelming larger amounts of enemy troops in a dynamic game of intense strategy and timing. You'll have to move your troops around to effectively counter the troops they have in a certain place, make sure you have backups, move those backups in when necessary, and strike at the most opportune moments. Learning all of the stats of every unit is a big help. Knowing the stats will greatly benefit what you know will kill and what you know will not kill an enemy unit with the smallest amount of casualties on your end. You can see why there's such a large learning curve now.Overall this game is relatively well optimized, for my PC the game runs into a bit of trouble when there are 6,000+ units on the battlefield at once. But to be honest, that much is to be expected. At max graphics I can get a steady 50 FPS in normal battles. On the campaign map I get lower frames, around the 30s or so. So if you want solid frames all around, go with a lower graphical setting and you should be fine.This game is very fun, and I recommend it to you as well. Especially if you're a Strategy game fan.To Me: 9/10 I love itTo Strategy fans: 9/10 Definitely look into itTo Average gamer: 8/10 This game is a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,214950,28354155,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BalmySlime,It's a good game!But I would like to be able to chang the capital and the heir and have a family tree like Rome 1。
76561198049700133,Recommended,214950,23684464,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Meow,"Firstly, I will establish that i have been a long term customer and fan of the Total War branch since the beginning of time and really wanted to love this game.Con: It's really incredible that not only did this company push away alot of its mainstream consumers but also angered much of its Die Hard fans. I mean, it took so long just to make this game playable POST RELEASE. For its premium pricing it is obviously a unacceptable display. (bugs, glitches, freezes etc)Pro: That being said at least they bothered to manage to save the game and bring back some consumers.Con: Secondly, i was told Rome 2 would have a 40 percent budget increase on top of the Financial backing of a huge company yet they spent way too much money on graphics and half the kingdoms look like they are are going to a pyjamas party. They should of focused on cultural diversity so everything looks alien and rich in culture from lusitani to iceni to Parthia. Or how about inhancing the trade system, internal polticial system and diplomacy system? It's amazing that indie companies can absolutely whipe this franchise clean from quantity to quality of content. Yet Total War can not? how about taking the time to bring that into play via your expansions? no? well clearly they have not!Pro: I really enjoyed how building/ improving the city effects the expansion of the city on the map mode and also how that is interconnected to the difference's in cultures. That was something really great that CA did.Con: When Rome 1 Came out they had a option to actually visit your city and go into it, i clearly expected them to bring this into fruition and capitalise on the city builder Sims/ Cities kind of feel to target a grandure target market but not only did they not do this they removed the city visitor option all together so that we can no longer are rewarded with beautiful visual displays enjoying our incredible city from within.Pro: Without a doubt the Battle system is Great adding more variaty with army legacy names give us a personal sence of belonging and meaning to the armies we use. The in depth battle system is what saves this franchise.Con: I have to say that Sega has been suffering as a company for good reason it's apparent that profit has become the main goal and mentality/values of its company instead of having a pro fan, and pro accurate History loving values/ employees within CA, they are making the same mistake as Rome and will fall just as Rome.I know it might be a tough review but your consumers only mean well and want to see this game and company become the best it can be so that we can throw more money at you guys! Hopefully Sega will learn from its mistake."
76561198010006824,Not Recommended,214950,7943135,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cecil Parkinson,"""The Increasingly Poor Creative Decisions of Creative Assembly"". The series has lost all the atmosphere and quirkiness that once made TW great. Remember in Rome I when you could load up the cities you owned to see civilians going about their business, among buildings you built? Can't do that anymore. (even though Rome I came out in 2004). Remember how in Medieval II, when you parked a character in a city with a brothel and he became increasingly debauched? That doesn't happen any more; you instead have tedious, repetitive skill trees, and the characters die off before they're any use.Remember the pathetic sea battles in Shogun II between vessels that were floating arrow-carts? Those have been retained. Remember the over-elaborate and glitchy campaign map, which needlessly strained even decent rigs? Yep, they've kept that too. This game is a car crash."
,Not Recommended,214950,8418548,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RTK | Proteus,The worst total war game ever made.  Maybe worth it to buy for 5 bucks
76561198007272543,Recommended,214950,9638469,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,trajan07,"I see alot of negative review here..WHAT!!!!!!!!!! Apparently something was missed here. I've had nothing but good with this game. The only negative I would say: I wish we could use any nation we want too,without having to MOD it. Overall, this game is wonderful, come on people...really??!!!!"
76561198004869007,Not Recommended,214950,9583395,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Nick033,Ten patches and two expansions in and this game is still a travesty.Total War Rome 2 was released in a half finished shape with almost all the interesting gameplay mechanics from the previous games stripped out of it. This game has been so streamlined and dumbed down that you could take away the mouse and keyboard control scheme and use the control scheme from a mobile game with no difficulty.I will never buy another Sega or Creative Assembly game again.
,Not Recommended,214950,19472381,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Tilley,$90.90 USDAdd all DLC to CartThe game costs $80.Do we need to say anymore PC gamers? Time to not purchase.
,Recommended,214950,30989383,Posted: 6 April,all,SaucyD,"When it first came out I felt like it was a step in the wrong direction.  However, in hind sight it was a wonderful bridge to Attila.  If you want to experience a Rome total war game I recommend it.  If you are ok with a different era, just buy Attila instead."
,Not Recommended,214950,24785519,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MiniDude,"Score6 / 10Lets just... no... just no... I feel like the original rome had more features... Horrible release like so many other games atm, oh and day one DLC for factions that should be free? sure.. I could probably get into this game as of writing this review, with a bunch of mods. But CA has truly stopped thinking about the gamers and started thinking about the best way possible to squeeze as much money out of the hardcore fans. Its really just not fair considering Total War is the only franchise ruling this game genre.Really disappointing.."
76561198002354982,Not Recommended,214950,9657015,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Adrenaline,"Bugs side, the design decisions made to this really ruin what has made this series so great. Certain changes aim to make certain game systems less complex. I imagine this was to attact more people to the franchise, but it really ruined the late meta-game of the series. The biggest stand-out from many is how you manage armies. You can't manage an army without a general. Given that you can have a finite amount of generals you are thus stuck with a limited number of armies late game. It forces you to lower the amount of stratgies you can use late game in constrast the other entries in the series. An unfortunate change which waters down the game. The aforementioned change encapsulates whats wrong with the game."
76561198032152796,Not Recommended,214950,22906630,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Langkard,"Not worth it for fans of history and/or fans of grand strategy games unless you are willing to get multiple mods or one of the total overhaul mods for it.  Look for Vae Victis, Radious' mod or Divide et Impera and perhaps some others.  I prefer Vae Victis because it centers on historical accuracy and includes the ability to play every faction.Creative Assembly used to be fairly diligent when it came to historical accuracy; but now they can't even be bothered to correct the misspelling of an important Celtic tribe of the period, the Atrebates, as Atrebartes - even after many patches and updates and multiple DLC.  CA is only in it for the money now and the days when the devs loved the history enough to care about such things is long gone.  It takes modders now to make CA games good, when before (in the days of Med 1&2 and Rome 1 and Shogun 2) the mods merely improved upon already good games."
,Recommended,214950,29902854,Posted: 13 February,all,[AIMA] Lusitani Noble |VanAc|,I would be crazy if I say this game is not worth it
76561198025330332,Recommended,214950,12121311,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,mnunesb,"After a (very) bumpy start, CA finally finished Rome total war 2. Right now, its the best total war tittle to date, Tons of factions, cities to conquer and strategies to employ. Definetly worth buying"
,Not Recommended,214950,31567078,Posted: 5 May,all,[[-|-409th-|-]] Deon,"Empire was a step in the right direction, conducted in a terrible fashion. Napoleon attempted to pick up the pieces, but napoleon was too small a scope to do it alone. Shogun was alright, but ultimately did not grab most fans enough to define the series. Then came rome 2.........dear god, rome 2, you were the chosen one. Every total war fan highly anticipated your arrival. You were the most hyped total war in history. All fans, old, and new awaited your release..........and then it released, and instantly people experienced probably the worst total war game launch in history. This game is no doubt the primarily killer of the old total war fanbase. This game, is what truly signaled, that the dark age of the total war franchise had begun. From the broken mechanics, to the even more broken gameplay. Almost everything about rome 2 is worse then its predecessors. The AI has always been a very glaring problem in the franchise, but here, in this game, the AI seems to be at its absolute worst of any total war. Even the graphics are a downgrade from the lush, and rich graphics that shogun 2 and napoelon were capable of. How do you manage to make a game, that is worse then its predecessors in almost every way, is beyond me, but rome 2 did it. There are a few things rome 2 did actually do better then previous total wars however. Like for instance, I think the campaign is slightly better done, but I think that can be attributed to the fact that the campaign maps cover far more interesting areas then what previous games leading up to rome 2 did. All and all, I'd recommend, if you did not buy this game at launch and thus, become stuck with it in your library like so many did, dont buy this game. You'd probably be better off with Attilla, I think its even cheaper them rome 2."
76561198044872992,Not Recommended,214950,7963162,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Shatter,It hurts me to say it but this game was disappointing i love total war probley one of my best and favorite games on steam but sadly this one does not live up to the potienial it has. Framerate issues buggy campaign no good mutiplayer wow im ashamed to even call my self a Creative Assembly fan after this. i suggest going Total War Shogun. Seriosly this was my most anticapated game. (even empire had a better launch.)
76561198031888296,Not Recommended,214950,18645394,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bumbo,"That fact that you have to pay £90 for the full game is despicable, content that should of been in the main game is now spread out in bite-sized chunks of content makes me hate this even though I like the base game, but the idea that you have to pay TRIPLE the amount for FULL content leaves me with a bitter taste in my mouth."
,Not Recommended,214950,10241475,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jiub,"This game is worse in every aspect in comparison to Shogun II, except for one critical way. You can draw on the map, which actually substantially improves the gameplay during a co-op game. For example, while your partner fights a battle, you can draw a nice♥♥♥♥♥♥cumming on the enemy. Or you can actually use it as it was intended, in the way of advising  your partner on avenues of attack or enemy troops he might not see. Either way, 10/10 feature, Creative Assembly. It's just a shame the other parts of the game were awful, unfinished and to this day, those features remain unpolished, unfinished, and awful. And months later, the game still remains unfinished and awful, and instead of POLISHING and ADDING features, you make unit packs and add in paid factions that should've been included in the base game. Great job, Creative Assembly. I won't be buying a new total war game until 5 months after release, and even then, from the state of this game, I don't think i'll ever buy a new total war game.In retrospect: While the release was awful, unfinished, and ultimately unplayable garbage, I will say, CA, you surprised me with the Emperor Edition. It's really as if this was the game I was promised that fateful year ago. Congratulations on your acension from beta, CA."
,Recommended,214950,20845175,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Burn,"Given the initial poor release version, I decided to wait a year or two before digging into this latest Total War game. I think by now it turned out very well. It's an okay game, I guess, but Shogun 2 is still better. This game does carry a bunch of improved features though. All in all if you're a fan of the Total War series, then this is a must-have! By the looks of it, it's the last historical Total War game, because the next one will be in the Warhammer universe ...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=602492533http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=611718576http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=896686520"
76561198017101122,Not Recommended,214950,23271408,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,WhenDucksCollide,"Been playing TW since Shogun 1. This was a broken, half-finished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with insane paywalls at release. Now it's a half-broken barely playable insulting piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with insane paywalls.To the capitalists we're all consumers and they are selling us products based on market research. This means that the focus of making a profitable product is based on which type of psychological profile is likely to buy it despite the quality: this is where marketing/lying/exagerating comes in. And how they lied. The marketing materials are still a lie. I trusted CA when I bought this originally preferring not to read reviews before playing; that was a mistake.Spent more time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥recently attempting my little heart out to find some redeeming features but the more I played it the less I liked it, now I hate it. Companies (devs and publishers) like Bethesda(fix massive and obvious bugs before release please), SEGA, CA, EA etc. can go ♥♥♥♥ themselves if they treat people like morons with this type of BS. They know exactly what they're doing which is why they hire trained liars (see marketing) and professional exploiters (I call it MBA syndrome) to create and sell♥♥♥♥♥♥as ""entertainment"" to morons, children and compulsives at horribly over-inflated prices: they even have an industry nickname for such consumers, whales. They love whales because whales conform easily to all kinds of market metrics i.e. predictable sales.I want to be a customer, not a consumer. Maybe too many of us are still way too polite. If you take my money, you owe me a certain standard, planned devolution is not acceptable."
76561198015194944,Not Recommended,214950,9191611,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Gseckz,"I was so excited when I preordered this game, seeing how fun shogun 2 was. However this game turned out to be a huge disappointment. The graphics even on the extreme settings is mediocre at best, i find that shogun 2 to be a lot prettier(cherry blossoms in the wind looks so freaking good).  Combat turns into blobs of units, compared to shogun 2 where the units are slightly spread out it looks awful. The Ai will charge at you head first, morale lasts 5 seconds, the fight is actually 5 min walking to your opponents troops and 30seconds-1min of actual fighting.Now of the dlcs, its been on every gaming website and forums that the actual game was suppose to have all the dlcs inc but they decided to release it 1 at a time and you have to play for it. Rome 2 contains on-disc DLC that is simply ""switched on"" by Creative Assembly when the player pays for it.So yea this is gonna be my final day buy from Creative Assembly. Stick to Shogun2 because this is just a money grab uncompleted game."
76561198031124188,Recommended,214950,9282975,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,DutchCanuck,"Great graphics, but I think Rome Total War I had a much better gameplay and overview compared to this version. I would recommend the game, but I am not gonna spend hundreds of hours like with RTW I"
,Not Recommended,214950,9124800,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Macantas,"Long time Total War fan, but this game drives me crazy angry, as many times as I've tried to get into it.  The graphics are amazing, and the battles are great (after some needed patches over the course of the first six months).  But the campaign mechanics and horrible UI are what absolutely kill any drive to continue playing after about a dozen turns.- campaign map is way too zoomed in.  Even at 1080p, you're lucky if you can get 2 cities to fit on screen- fog of war likes to cloud its way over your own land- always presented with choices that end up being dead ends (ie. if you have an empty construction slot, you'll get slums if you don't build something.  but you never know which buildings will be available or how much they cost until you build the slot.  so if you can't afford it that turn, you'll get slums, which then further reduce your income to the point that you can never build anything unless you dispand troops).I would recommend staying at Shogun 2 and not progressing past that part of the franchise."
,Not Recommended,214950,12236265,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Captain-Weasly,"A big step backwards from Total War: Shogun 2, lack of content and poor customization, this title is not really intriguing and interesting at all. Although they released the Emperor Edition, it is far from acceptable, if you are going to get this game at all means, get it when it's on sale.*UpdateEmperor Edition is out, ""some"" fixes had been applied, but still questionable integrity. If you want to play the game, download Radious mod for Rome 2.Enough said."
76561198047570334,Not Recommended,214950,16726505,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,leo998,"yea the game is good if it was ideal.SO MUCH DLC,bugs,co-op is buggy-some problems are old and still not solved... why couldn't it be good why......u cant play it normally-only recommend if you play solo and if you are patient"
76561198043893271,Not Recommended,214950,9113678,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ACT. David Seymour™,Instead of this get Shogun 2. This is just a buggy stripped down mess straight out of sega's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198119182519,Not Recommended,214950,9115573,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Wolf_0126,"So, here's a quick review for Total War: Rome II. I'll try to sum it up for any casual gamers like myself out there, although I'll ultimately be comparing it to the original. Sorry for that if you two haven't met.PROS:--(As of the moment I write this) As playable as any other Total War game I've played (Rome, Medieval II, and Empire). Don't know about the issues other people are talking about.--Stunning graphics.--Satisfactory sound effects, voice-acting, and soundtrack (in all honesty, doesn't stand out from any other strategy game I have).CONS:--The price; if you really, really want it, I'd recommend waiting for another sale.--The ""fast forward"" option during battles is painfully slow and does not appear to be much faster than the normal option of ""play""; so, if you're moving an army into position, be prepared for some comparatively long waits.--Gameplay mechanics feel a little... ""dumbed down,"" shall we say, compared to the original. I mean, they cut quite a few features I liked from the original (the family tree, the ability to recruit units without a general, no limitation on generals, etc.), and added only a handful of features I do like (the random family events for one, the ability to fight naval battles on the map for another).The Verdict:Total War: Rome II is a playable and okay RTS, but I believe the graphics are really the only major feature it has in its favor. Honestly, if you're into strategy games, I think you'd be better off just buying / playing the original Total War: Rome. It may not be as visually stunning, but it feels more fluid and, in my opinion, is the better of the two. Plus, you save a handful of cash, and who doesn't like that? :)"
,Not Recommended,214950,10200751,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,matt,"I've given hundreds of dollars in Day 0 faith for games designed by Creative Assembly, and they've repaid this loyalty with buggy and unimaginitive games."
76561197970580561,Not Recommended,214950,13744081,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Group Zero,"After a month of reading the tech support forums, and trying everything suggested, I can't get the game past the launcher. Normally, I'd think it was just me, and not place a negative review. However, I reccommend vsiting the tech support forums at the Total War site. You'll see this is a common problem with a myriad of causes that alot of people don't seem to ever find a solution to.I don't want to bash Creative Assembly. The Total War games have given me a lot of enjoyment over the years. The original R:TW was my favorite of the series, and I really looked forward to playing its sequel. Unfortunately, I can't even comment on the loading screens. If I can ever get the game working, I'll be happy to change my review."
,Recommended,214950,9569607,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Merdi COYS,"Sweet game! It has good graphics and gameplay and can run smoothly on a decent GPU, the Ai is not as good as it was in Rome 1 or other total war games but is still better than the dreaded Empire total war. Rome 2 is amazing to look at, has some decent historically correct dlcs and is so fun in general. The multiplayer is so fun and can teach you good tactics and units weak and strong points as a lot of people are much better than the ai in the campaign. The morale system in Rome 2 can be stupid at times and screws up the AI quite a bit. In total I love this game, so fun, would probally rate it a 9/10"
76561198008368292,Not Recommended,214950,13539287,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Jega Grant,"Love the Total War series.  I have every game!  Was disappointed with this new installment especially when the game initially came out.  I was told recently the game was patched up and works great.  Well went to play the game again and it crashed my computer, uninstalled/installed game and still nothing...The graphics look great.  I was disappointed with the game mechanics, it seems that no thought was done to seriously upgrade from the original Rome game.  Diplomacy is still very basic and the economics could use work also.  Also would love to see more of an upgrade on the amily history tree mechanics...I am still boggled how the Total War series has the great Medieval, Empire, Napoleon franchises and then this game?Would love to see a Crusader Kings and Total War developers get together and create a game, Rome II has failed to spark my interest."
76561198127547654,Recommended,214950,29819403,Posted: 10 February,all,Bierdopje,Great game if you are into strategy and massive fights.
76561197993728166,Not Recommended,214950,8189949,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tarious,"Are you into sequels with dumbed down UIs, braindead AI, bugs, no challenge, missing series features, and a bad case of developers milking customers with DLC? Then this is the perfect game for you!See those amazing screenshots on the store page? You won't be seeing that stuff ingame! The actual graphics are something you would've seen several generations ago even on maxed settings. The alpha gameplay footage looks better than the 'final' version. Creative Assembly knew that Rome 2 owners wanted to be called retro gamers and gave us the graphics we wanted so we could claim the title!Thought the User Interface was too intrusive in previous Total War games? Good news, Creative Assembly went with a bare minimal approach this time around! Unit cards have been replaced with ancient greek pottery looking designs. Good luck telling some of your units apart when the difference on the card is a tiny squiggle on it's shield!Previous Total War games too hard for you? You don't have to worry about that! They hired Julian McKinlay the developer behind Battlefield's AI to come in and strip out any and all ounces of strategy the old AI had, and hype up the brand new intelligent AI. Can't defend you cities? No worries, the AI never builds siege and when they do they just send 1 unit up a ladder then procede to run through the gate.Remember how tedious it was to have the AI in previous total war games create advanced units and kill yours? No need to worry about that in this sequel. The AI will only build it's most basic units and never upgrade them with armor or weapons. Also McKinlay was kind enough to make the world map AI destroy all its military buildings and build temples and only temples if the cities happiness gets too low. Easily beat the game on legendary difficulty which would've been classified as very easy in previous total war games.Speaking of happiness. Loved having your cities revolt in previous games? Well the new public order system makes sure that all your cities are revolting every 4 turns. Good news though, Julian McKinlay made sure that the revolted armies never attack and instead die from attrition. Don't have to worry about facing annoying rebels with the new public order system!Remember how tedious features like family trees, seasons, generals' stats, and complex building systems were in previous total war games? Good news, those are gone! Just hire a general, and he's part of the family! 1 turn = 1 summer year! Build a set number of select buildings, mostly temples due to public order! General doesn't need his Loyal or Temperamental traits anymore, those just make the game too complex!Thought the previous total war games were too balanced? Well good news! You can be overpowered all you want! Have 1 elephant general wipe out 1000 troops! Research Boiling Oil and go make a sandwich during a city defense while a near endless stream pours out and slaughters your enemy! Don't recruit a navy, cause land units are stronger than naval units when you send them on water!Too few bugs in previous games? There's plenty of those this time around! Watch the world map disappear. Watch the game crash again, and again, and again. Hope you don't have certain hardware that makes the game unstartable! Enjoy low fps battles! Normal speed? More like 3x slower than real life speed! 3x speed? More like normal speed!Game not working or fun? Don't go to the steam forums to voice your opinion. You're not allowed to complain that the game is bad unless you have no less than 400 hours spent ingame. You'll only find buyers remorse this strong on the Aliens: Colonial Marines steam forum. By the way, don't bother complaining that Superman 64 is a bad game unless you have 400 hours put into that either.Don't have 400 hours put ingame yet to complain? Buy some DLC! The creative director of Creative Assembly said that Rome 2's launch issues were ""Totally unacceptable,"" and what better way to forget about those issues (which still persist to this day) then buying some paid DLC to forget about the problems. Get amazing factions which are the same as current factions. Why play Rome and attack Gaul when you can buy Caesar in Gaul and play Rome and attack Gaul with paid DLC! Want Blood and Gore? Well, that basic feature in every other game has been stripped out and is being sold as glorious DLC.Like the choices that regularly came up in the Crusader Kings series? Well good news, there's a system in Rome 2 that's just like it called political intrigue. The political intrigue is so well developed with so much thought put into it that even 3 months after launch not a single person knows how it works or what it does! Tribal leader blackmailing you? Well you can retaliate and get 3 chiefs supporting you, or ignore it and lose 3. What the chief support does, who knows!? Don't have to worry about that pesky Senate breathing down your neck like in Rome 1, since to this day, no one knows what the benefits or downsides to the chief support system are. You'll only have to open the interface when you need to promote someone maybe once every 10 hours. Once again, Creative Assembly knew that we didn't want to navigate through those pesky menus and interfaces to use the political intrigue system.Tired of the terrible diplomacy in previous titles, and the AI ganging up on you and declaring war? Well good news, that diplomacy system has been improved and simplified. You'll only need the diplomacy system now to declare war! Creative Assembly knew how annoying it was having to open that screen and form alliances and trade routes. You'll no longer have to worry about getting too big and having everyone attack you and end your 100 hour game, cause the improvements have made sure that the AI barely ever makes alliances with one another, and barely ever declares war on you. You'll have no obstacles beating the game on legendary difficulty in this total war game!Sun Tzu probably said something along the lines of, ""Something, something, something, something, military formations are important to stay in to win or something."" Well historically he was correct, but historical is BOOOOOOORRRRRRRIIIINNGGG. That always bugged me in previous total war games, all your units would stay in tight formations and fight enemies in tight formations. Well Creative Assembly decided that it was boring too, so instead of fighting in formation, all troops now fight in awesome mosh pits. YYYAAAAAAA PARTY!!!! WOOOO!!!!!!Hated how sssssssslllllllllooooooooowwwwwwwww previous total wars' battles were? Well they've been sped up! Those 20 minute battles now last 4 minutes. Creative assembly knew that we wanted shorter battles and longer load screens, and they delivered. Nothing like waiting 5 minutes after clicking end turn to take your turn. Great way to work out and get buff!If you love strategy games where you have to use zero strategy and can just afk and win 99% of the time and the other 1% you just charge all your units straight toward the enemy, then Rome 2 is not only for you, but game of the year material. If Aliens: Colonial Marines didn't give you enough buyer's remorse then Rome 2 is perfect for you, and you'll soon be raiding those steam forums to make sure your money was well spent.Incase you couldn't tell this is sarcasm and no one should ever buy this game."
,Not Recommended,214950,18633111,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Doomwarrior,"Its just not a good game. Stripped down to some dumb mechanics in the campaign map, taken away most of the things that made past TW great. It got streamlined, made more ""accessible"" and during this it got boring, repetetive and just not really intruiging to play. Even with mods its still a dull experience. During Campaign you run from one war to another to the next and yet another. There is basically no economy any longer, diplomacy is near none existent and whats left means nothing. Just throw some dice, it will probably get you more reliable and fun results.What a waste of time the campaign is. If you like the fights go fight. They are fun if you install AI mods. Without them...pointless, CA is just crap beyond believe at programming ai. One might think they figured it out by now. I mean after all TW is around for a few years now. But ...meh!So all in all Rome... well i guess ""meh!"" says about enough about that game."
76561198110920318,Recommended,214950,19374555,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,damiansayshi,rome wasn't built in a day
76561198008429727,Recommended,214950,10247436,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,{V.O.D.}_VLAD,dlc sucks
76561198007570190,Recommended,214950,9540576,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,D-Boe James,"As I approach the 1000 hour mark, I feel I can finally make a review about Rome 2. Let me start by saying I completely disagree with the ""do not recommend"" reviews, especially if Rome 2 is on sale. This game is NOT rome 1, and it is NOT medieval 2, and it offers a different playing experience.One thing I didn't like about rome 2, that they limited the amount of army's one faction an field at one time. This can be easily worked around with mods. The modding community can fix almost any problem you have, outside of AI (TW AI has never been the best, am I right?). Give it go, then check out the workshop to see what mods you may like!I did like, In Rome 2, that they added army stances. You can set your army into a 'Fortified' mode, where they build a fort for defences, used if your're going to stay put and guard an area. A 'Forced March' mode, which will allow great distances to be traveled,  but at the cost of morale and being vulnerable to an ambush. Or 'Raid' mode which allows you to plunder an enemies territory, angering the populace and possibly drawing out an attack from any enemy army's.I'd not recomment purchasing Rome 2, unless you have at least the 'Recommended'  system requirments listed above, otherwise It will likely look pretty ugly, and lag in larger battles. Though, I can't say with certainty it will not run well on a ""2 GHz Intel Dual Core processor / 2.6 GHz Intel Single Core processor"" I can't imagine it running very well.Everyone has reacted differently to this game and since release it's been under much scrutiny, and while I agree, Rome 2 had it's fair share of post-release issues, It's still a very worthwile experience. Don't let all the negative reviews sway you from this great game, because it's definitely become my most played Total War title, and I had played a LOT of TW prior to Rome 2.All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this game to any Total war fan, or even as a good place to start for someone new to Total War because of the way they simplified the user interface. It does seem to require less micro managing than shogun 2, or Empire. It does feel more limited, though, as you cannot build ANY given bulding type in ANY given city.You will just have to decied for youself if this newest installment to the Total War series, will be YOUR new favorite."
,Recommended,214950,23610997,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,frostfenix08,8/10Great game for armchair generals and fans of total war series.I just did not like the somewhat unpredictable diplomacy AI.
76561198144402058,Recommended,214950,26287405,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Calvin,"Total war: ROME II is a great strategy game for people who like history.+pros+ Very detailed troops, cities+ Epic music+ Steam achievements, trading cards+ Good optimisation, runs smoothly on my gtx 950m (ultra settings)+ Battles are realistic+ Sea battles+ Currently on sale-Cons- Lots of (expensive) dlc- Sometimes a small bug but it won't affect your gameplayRating: 8.5/10Get the game while it's on sale, you won't regret it."
76561198040802662,Recommended,214950,30415393,Posted: 9 March,all,todofwar,"I don't know why this game gets so much hate. Then again, I learned that CA does early acceess without calling it early access, so I always wait a year or two before buying one of their games. But in its current state it is quite enjoyable.Pro:-Better overworld map mechanics than Rome 1, the province system is a nice touch.-Politics can be a fun game to play-Once you figure out how army recruitment works it makes allot of sense, and makes you try and hold onto your armies as precious things rather than throwing troops to the slaughter. It also makes the game more strategic, careful army positioning is much more critical.-Client state system actually viable strategy.Con:-AI is still useless, CA really needs to find a better AI coder for the battles and overworld map.-The politics don't seem to do anything really important, and I end up saving money for building up more troops.-Once you get going there's not much stopping you from taking over the whole map. Which I suppose is the point really. There might be one early game challenger but that's about it.-Diplomacy consists of ""Trade with me"" and ""I'm attacking you"". Again, this is somewhat how Rome operated so I guess it's appropriate. Still, would have been nice to have more nuance there.Overall, great addition to the franchise. The polish level is nice and high, and of course nothing like smashing a cavalry charge into an enemy flank."
76561198062525269,Recommended,214950,30204712,Posted: 26 February,all,Redmusic,"I'll admit, as a long fan of the Total War games, the launch of Rome II was practically a disaster. However, that's no longer the case.The game has absolutely improved and has been patched to hell. The gameplay is a hundred times better. Units clash much more than they did, AI has had tweaks and personally, I haven't encountered many game breaking bugs that were spotted on release.That being said, SEGA still persists to DLC lock factions that should without question be playable from the start... The game itself is good, but SEGA's greed ruins the experience. That's why, as a game, I do recommend it. I also recommend Rome Total War, the original, because that game was a damn masterpiece."
76561198130451358,Not Recommended,214950,18284185,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,bored of wud,"Still very buggy even after a long time after release,most DLC's should have already been a part of the base game and some are completely pointless."
76561198006937271,Not Recommended,214950,23264323,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,dowman239,"Rome as a game Is if your system is up to par. Great graphics, and  effects. In depth campaign, solid real time battles, great detail given to historical accuracy. Hundreds of hours in content here. Now why I don't reccomend this game.....$85 in dlcs is ridiculous to expect any gamer to pay on top of a $60 game. With no option to purchase a season pass, sega is truely sticking it to the gamers. What a shame, I am not against dlcs but $85 with no option to purchase a season pass is absolutely unjustifiable.So in total if you want the full experience out of this game that will be $145. Seriously, unless you can get this on sale I would pass.Oh and this game is still $60 roughly 3 years after initial release."
,Recommended,214950,12743413,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,flackjmc,Really enjoy Rome 2 especially with the latest Emperor Edition update which has added some needed changes to the game.
,Not Recommended,214950,17555004,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Nr.9 Boon,"*This review is a statement against recent Total War titles marketing scheme*This recommendation will stay negative unless Creative Assembly and Sega demonstrate to Total war fans that future Total War games will not be plagued by abusive and overpriced downloadable content (as is The Viking Forefathers ''Culture pack'', and the Longbeards ''Culture Pack'' in Attila - same with culture DLCs in this game. We have to pay to unlock an excisting file).Sega and Creative Assembly, show some respect to Total War fans.We have paid for a complete game. Could you do us the honor of delivering one?"
,Recommended,214950,11369708,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Marrax,"The game is not buggy anymore, I would recommend it. It is a nice game!"
76561198078276349,Recommended,214950,31612462,Posted: 7 May,all,Philbo Shaggins,"The Emperor Edition fixes many of the problems of the previous version, and is a blast to play. While I don't like how the city mechanics have been heavily dumbed down, it does make it easier to field armies and focus on the battles, which is of course the main draw of the series. The rendered armies look beautiful even on my potato of a rig, fully capturing the din of combat and carnage. However, much of the DLC is needed to get a full experience. I can only recommend getting the game on sale, so you can pick up the whole package for a reasonable price."
76561198010459921,Not Recommended,214950,14492300,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,=LBC=Sgt-Stadenko®,"i had it now i cant get it , say i have it in my library but cant find it...wtf"
76561197986970857,Not Recommended,214950,24337753,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Viktor Morte,"I love the first Rome and have spent hundreds of hours of my life playing it and it remains one of my favourite games. However, Rome II has somehow managed to remove all fun from the game, and I regret giving Creative Assembly money for it."
76561198157283330,Not Recommended,214950,14481623,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dr. Yolo Swaggins Esq.,"This game WOULD be great, but for me at least, it has one huge problem that kills it alltogether. I do not want to write a full review, there are some great features, such as the food-happiness-money triangle that you need to juggle when developing your provinces, but what really kills this game is....The AI.The AI is so extremely dumb in this game, it is unbelievable. Yes, it is a very complex game, I'm sure coding an AI for it is nightmarish anyways, but I believe no matter how rushed the development is, a good AI is quintessential for any strategy game.This makes the game very snowballish (and this is my main point) in singleplayer. After I had 4 whole provinces I was pretty much unstoppable. AI states don't conquer at the same rate as you, although some intersting things can happen (Gauls in Carthage in my last game). So once you become a giant, there are no other giants you could play against. No alliances made to stop the huge Rome (or anyone) from devouring half of Europe. And as I know strategy game balancing, all a higher difficulty level game would do is make the AI cheat harder. My only problem after securing Italy was the occasional food or unhapiness crysis that resulted due to my mismanagement. Now that I have about 12 provinces I'm just not interested in playing the game anymore, because I KNOW that nothing can get in my way. They did TRY to balance this mechanic out, but it was a weak try.It's fun to meddle in on the free weekend, but I wouldn't suggest buying it, especially at full price."
76561198058289778,Recommended,214950,27215337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sparklingtea,"just a few more minutes to finish my turn in campaign..... 2 hours later.... this game is very addictive and fun, highly recommend it!!"
76561198167895669,Not Recommended,214950,34624400,Posted: 30 August,all,GeT_JusaR,"Good game, but Dlc's politics sucks. Buy it on offer"
76561198114015635,Not Recommended,214950,24537430,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,夜魔 Yemo,"After playing from ROME 1 to Medieval 2 to Empire to Napoleon to Shogun 2... this is the worst total war I have ever play... its just simply not interesting at all and boring... the family system, its boring... the traits, its nothing special... it's not interesting as the previous total wars... and i dont understand - why all the units from different faction doesn't look much diferent? and the technologies... is damn boring... it shouldn't be that way... is very disappointing and this is the first total war that make me feel bored JUST AFTER 7 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY!!"
,Not Recommended,214950,26990174,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DomWins,"I find this game fun for the first few hours of each campaign. Then it becomes a rinse repeat affair of me slowly grinding across the map. I am never defeated, merely slowed. Compared to  the other total war titles this one feels soft has no collision except for a few barbarian units. And the fact that i have to buy a DLC to play my favorite faction is an insult."
,Recommended,214950,11218802,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,A Huge Turd,"I don't know how to start this. But maybe I should start by saying that this game is the latest Total War game in a universe of 7 to 9 games if you consider Napoleon and ""Last Samurai"" as StandAlones.If I were to review this regardless of the previous games I would say it is worth buying, it is a solid game, has some bugs but none game breaking at the moment, the devs update the game once in a while, the battles are epic, the campaign in early and mid game is engaging kind of feels like Civilization and then mixing that with the accomplishments of your RTS battles it's a pretty solid rewarding experience. And I'd have to give it at least a 7/10 in the game's current state. Shame that the developers decided to go with all those DLC things with factions and units. But the game is there and it's good. I already spent 460h on it and most of the time it was great.Now reviewing this taking into consideration the earlier games... This game was very, very disapointing. It is a little better now with the patches but it's still disappointing. Family trees, the building system of Rome I, the inability to have smaller defending armies to complement the garrissons that are led by captains instead of generals, the AI which isn't better and at times is worse, the agent system is rather dumb, all the mini clips that would pop out throughout the game are gone, the field battles are quicker and have arcady goals and sometimes it looks like arcade games. So... There's a lot of thing that were dumbed down, others totally removed. When I first started playing I thought ""Oh my god, the graphics are nice, not as good as I thought they'd be but nice, gameplay is nice... oh but where is the family tree? but... I can't have armies without generals? what?""  Well I got used to it.  But the emersion is just not there. You play because you want to win. And in late game it just feels like a Grind. It's painful. The Civil War system is completely broken as well. How is that? I would have made it as one army goes rogue or all the armies controled by the family who rebeled and those would go take your capital. If they took it they'd be in charge. You could either give up command or lose your territory and try to re-capture the capital to gain control of the empire. That'd be awesome but no. You just get a random number of armies spawn around one of your cities and that's the civil war. Plain dum and stupid.The only reason I kept playing Rome II is because I made a mod to make the battles exponentially better. Plus there are features I can't live without and with other mods the game is pretty nice to play. Considering all this and the earlier games I'd rate the game a 4/10 due to the huge let down, with mods I'd give it 6/10.It's worth trying. But wait for it to go on sales. Below 35 ~ 40 euros/dollars it is worth to pick and try.The only reason I don't play Rome I more than Rome II ? In Rome I you have to go into a city and retrain your armies.  :P"
76561198043644111,Not Recommended,214950,12242002,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Squeals for Meals,"1. I have to mow my lawn in between turns and then I still have time to spare. Every time I think of playing this game I go through a turn and hit end turn.... then after EVERY SINGLE FACTION TAKES TEN SECONDS A PIECE AND THERE ARE A LOT OF BLOODY FACTIONS THAT ARE THE SAME! Then i can take another turn. Dear god if a unit takes over two turns to produce its not worth ever wasting your time the war will be over and you enemy will be using tactical nuclear strikes by then.2. PvP after being non existant at launch its now okay.3. Some races are very imbalanced for example some of the german tribes, they top out at mid game and then just become less and less effective so you had better have rushed for a whole mess of land when you had the chance.4. Compared to other total war games it feels very mellow, the world map is way too simplistic and the fact that every army must be headed by a general is kind of stupid and removes the ability to simply have scouts/detection forces lying in wait.5. The unit cards are god awefull half the time in battles I have to pause it just so I can tell the difference between units as their unit cards are identicle for the most part with very minor changes. OH THAT HORSE RIDER HAS A PONYTAIL HE IS SUPER HEAVY ARMOR THE ONE WITHOUT IS A BLOODY SKIRMISHER CALVALRY.TL;DR game 6/10 Just go buy shogun 2 with all the expansions for the cost of one dlc for this."
76561198062850317,Not Recommended,214950,14504768,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,vijayandcindy,Stopped working fo about 4 months.
,Not Recommended,214950,11814071,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,tieio,Just one word? Broken. There is really not much else to say. Worst in series by far.
,Not Recommended,214950,16459532,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sergeant Mr. Sir,"I'd love to review the gameplay, but I can't.I know how lame it is to be one of ""those people"" that write negative reviews because they can't fix their problems, but after 3 hours, 2 help videos, 3 forum threads, I still can't get this thing past the first loading screen. Pay special attention to the requirements is all I can say here; this experience is telling me that if your computer doesn't lean towards the recommended settings it probably won't work."
76561198022645591,Not Recommended,214950,17732722,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,FearSomeBunny,First one was better and has less dlc
76561198006646924,Not Recommended,214950,17000663,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Unkempt Davids,"Rome II is a game without a soul.First an important statment, if you really want to see how dishonest the reviews are for this game. Read reviews made by people here. Shimmy on over to their Attila reviews and they will talk about all the massive improvements and fixes Attila has made that Rome needed. I'd like to add that it has a far worse rating then Rome II as well.While the game is playable now, optimization is still poor you will go from +60fps to -20fps for no reason. Patches haven't fixed any of the major problems. AI's tactics still consist of rushing for the center of your city during a siege or going for the only people they see in field battles. (easy for ambushes) AI still places their units outside of siege walls and does nothing even under a constant barrage of ranged fire.Combat animations look terrible: kills without animations look like a guy just touched someone as the person they hit gets thrown like they got rammed by a truck. Bow animations look horrid on foot or horseback, they give a little pull for half a second and let loose a deadly rain of arrows. Thrown animations look great however, a massive improvement.This game boils down to three factions, Rome, Carthage, Greek (more than 3 w/grecian deal with it). Unit variation is poor, I don't care how many different units they made upgrading T1-T4. You will never find a use for anything below T4 with the exception being the 30 turns it takes to research them.The community support is overwhelming, it's really a shame considering the quality of the game. The developers proved how unwilling they are able to cooperate over something simple with the community in this video:https://youtu.be/m5g6HpKOwa4?t=1m34s. Game developers recommending mods, the future of gaming at your doorstep.This game has acted as a place holder for the last two years, to what I don't know. But they made a lot of damn money for such a poor game.Overall this review boils down to one reality: When you expect nothing, you settle for less."
76561198067684300,Recommended,214950,25079810,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Paranoidmonk,"This is my favorite Total War game. I still play it nearly 3 years after it released.One big issue though. After playing a campaign for awhile and gaining power, the game looses it's feel of urgency. (The first part of a campaign feels like being on a knife's edge. Very exciting.) While I understand that you need to progress, there usally is no other big threat on the map after you controll about 1/4 of it. ALL the other nations are still squabbling over small territories. I would expect that at least 2 or 3 empires would control 90% of the map other than I have at that point. It's a big enough gripe that it kind of ruins the latter game play of a campaign. On a good note, the battles are amazing to watch and I am still surprized at how you can use real life tactics from history and they work. (It's not perfect, of course. and there will always be room for improvement.)"
76561198006782336,Not Recommended,214950,16659556,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PAPA LAZAROU,i give up....try to play this over and over but i hate doing it...worst total war ever final straw into turn 200 my camera on campain map will not move.... so the game is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561197986692396,Recommended,214950,11775990,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Part-Time Warrior,"Total War: Rome 2 suffered from a rough start, releasing with many questionable design choices and numerous severe bugs and optimization issues. This led to poor fan reception and a Metacritic score lower than that of any Total War title to date. At launch, and for quite some time after, I would not have recommended Rome 2. Thanks to Creative Assembly's continued support of the game, it has now reached a stage where it is extremely enjoyable with the recent release of the Emperor Edition. The game has metamorphosed drastically since the game received is initial reviews.The Emperor Edition, released on September 16, 2014, drastically overhauled the game. The building system was redesigned for the better, factions all underwent extensive rebalancing and recieved new, more natural factional colors, unit abilities were overhauled, and last but not least, a new free campaign, Imperator Augustus, was released. All of this was added to the game free of charge! With the changes introduced in Emperor Edition, I definitely recommend Rome 2 to anyone interested in a grand strategy game with RTS and TBS elements set in the ancient world.All of the DLC is recommendable, though depending on your personal preference, you may wish to skip the unit packs. The two DLC campaigns, Caesar in Gaul and Hannibal at the Gates, offer an experience different from that of the Grand Campaign and Imperator Augustus. They are more focused experiences, zooming in on the world map to flesh out Gaul and the Mediterranean, respectively, in greater detail than what is found in the Grand Campaign. Caesar in Gaul, Hannibal at the Gates, and Imperator Augustus all also operate at a slower yearly rate, with one turn per season, as opposed to the Grand Campaign's one turn per year. This greatly increases the number of turns you will have generals and agents at your disposal before they die of old age, allowing them to accrue more experience than they would be able to in the Grand Campaign. All of the DLC content is reasonably priced for its value, especially during sales.My biggest gripe with the Rome 2 is how visually disappointing it is. The lack of true AA makes the game so much uglier, and the art direction really is vastly inferior to that of Shogun 2, in the UI, graphics, and soundtrack.The UI itself is my second biggest problem with Rome 2. Coming straight from Shogun 2, I don't understand how they managed to make the UI so much worse. In Shogun 2, the UI beautifully blended with the style of the game, and functioned perfectly for gameplay purposes. In Rome 2, they somehow decided it was a good idea to make the UI take up more space on the screen, while at the same time making it more difficult to navigate and use. Between the advisor constantly popping on the screen for no reason, the unit stat card being permanently there and GIANT unless you want to manually hide it completely (instead of fading away like in Shogun 2), and the unit bar section taking up a way larger than necessary portion of your screen, right in the center, they really succeeded in consuming as much screen space as they could with their devolved UI. I just don't understand how they could have made the UI so much worse coming straight from Shogun 2, which had a magnificent UI.My two gripes aside, I do recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,214950,16714915,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kuzontler,"I Love the Idea of having a Roman based strategy game, but it falls short on some aspects.  Nonetheless, I'm going to continue to play the game, seeing as there's not much other choice.  I know Rome: Total War is an option, I've played it, maybe five times longer than this one, and although there are some negative remarks about this game, there still was an improvement to the game's overall feeling for me personally.The thing I would change is having the physical city size on th campaign map smaller, more realistic than it is noe, and altough it would be an undoable task, have a battle map unique for each city and it's development.  The programming exists for this tast, but the PC's required to rrun such a feat would be unrealistic.I hope, one day in the future, we will recieve the Rome we were promised, is it is delivered by Creative Assembly or another company.  Overall I am disaapointed in the devs for thinking ONLY about making money, and not the users playing the games.  Screw you CA, give us what you promised us, and stop ruining our dreams!!!"
76561198011662037,Recommended,214950,12023602,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Possum,"Total War: Rome III have to say it first. I was one of the critics. I refused to buy this game after the first reviews surfaced making clear this game was released in a terrible state. I was looking forward to this as it spans over my most favorite historic period of time. I played all the Total War games from the beginning with the first Shogun and I would call my self a fan of the franchise.Now I got this game during a sale and firstly felt bad about it. Lets not kid ourselves, the dlc politics of EA is rather cheeky demanding money for factions that would have been included in older instances of total war. But its our fault. They tested us when they brought faction dlcs in Shogun II and we bought them. I got the feeling in a few years we will have to pay for a games core engine and for every single faction in it and they will sell it to us as feature. We brought this upon ourselves.If you want to play the greeks, the germans, the iberian tribes, the balcan factions and even some gaul tribes you will have to buy the dlcs. Especially the greek states as being one of the major antagonists of the early roman republic are a must have for anyone interested. But enough of that.The Game:The Game right now on 8th September 2014 with all dlc included is the most complete, most playable, best looking, most enjoyable strategy game of the Total War franchise. Yes even better than Medieval II. The game feels and looks astounding. You will be sucked in into ancient times. you will find yourself speaking with the voice of a roman consul during the battles. You will cheer your elephants trampling down poor barbarians with Carthage. The epic struggle for power in the east with vast armies and the biggest ships the world had ever seen at that time. Slave uprisings. Forming your own barbaric confederation to face the roman onslaught. You will be in the middle of it.The tactical and strategical depth is incredible. Multiple Army battles. Naval invasions in the style of ""Troy"" the movie. Even combined Land-Sea-Sieges of cities with large armies are possible and incredible fun. Ambushes, Plundering, Mowing down of barbarians with organized armies. Roman legionaries advancing in turtle formation. Huge siege machines. It is all in here for you.The politics of your factions are there but they are toned down. I feel split in opinion about that but i have to say you can actually ignore the whole political side of Rome II and still succeed. Occasions of civil war are very very rare in my experience.Armies, Generals, Agents all gain experience and skills. Agents becoming extremly useful. You dont like to manage them? Leave them in your provinces and set them to overwatch and they will help your economy, stability and military developement and defend against enemy agents.The technical aspects of the game are pretty well right now. It looks good and is reasonable quick. I am playing this on an older PC with  4 GB of RAM  and it works well with medium graphics. Loading times will however be signifcant. Especially after and prior to huge battles.The criticism of the game was always about the innitial state it was shipped out and it was terrible. There is no denying. But today with all the patches and changes and the community input this game is finally what was promised and it delivers.Get it but you maybe want to wait for a sale. Including the important dlcs it is one of the more expensive products on steam."
76561198049852584,Not Recommended,214950,22948169,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,loenbiould,"While the base game is relatively fun and balanced, it feels small. CA is holding the other 50% of the game hostage for over $90. Do NOT buy this game unless it's on Steam sale for over 50% off. I'd say the base game is worth $20 at best."
,Not Recommended,214950,13271879,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Domuserian,Has a lot of potential but very glitchy. It was brought out to the public way to early and needs to be fixed. I had alot of fun while it worked but was dettered from playing aas a result of the programming problems.
,Recommended,214950,22547836,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Knuckle02,"The game is much better than it was at launch - I have not encountered any bugs during my time during the game, and although there are many complaints on the DLC - just buy them during the Steam sales, they go down to unbelievably cheap prices.A well-rounded strategy game, which although isn't on the level as Rome: Total War (in my opinion), it is very innovative and has many more features."
,Recommended,214950,33680060,Posted: 20 July,all,Pjillip,Base game is fun. Never even bothered with getting any dlc. (besides blood and gore wich should have definitely been an option in base game but im not getting into all that)
76561198120339386,Recommended,214950,23373712,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,KAS,"This game, in my opinion, is the best total war game along side shogun 2. As the title implies, Rome is the most powerful faction as they're melee units greatly surpass those of any other faction. So all you have to do  is make a ton of swordsmen and charge the enemy with like one catapult blowing up enemy archers.But besides that, this game requires a lot of planning and smart managing, for money is a necessity to do anything. Pretty much this game is a metaphor for life.10/10, i love steamrolling ai"
,Recommended,214950,23891886,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mini Grim,Geat game. Even better with mods.
76561198005510864,Recommended,214950,21701008,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Yoda Nobunaga,"Ahh, Rome II. I love you so much. I also hate you so much. Let me explain...When I bought Rome II at launch, the game was a mess. Seriously, Total War Arena is far more polished right now and that game has not even entered open beta yet (it just finished closed beta on March 3rd). Still, there was nothing else out at the time that really appealed to me, so I continued to play it through all the patchwork and DLC shananigans that Creative Assembly seems really addicted to right now. Honestly, at the end of the day, the game is not perfect, but it works 100 times better as compared to launch and is entirely fixed as of March 2016 IF subsidized by mods such as the radious mod. I am aware that saying something is made complete or better because of mods does the developer no credit, but do not worry, I will address that elephant in the room at the end of the review. In my oppinion, I can recommend the game today in its current state if you use mods. None of the mods I use are obtained anywhere but steam workshop, where downloading mods takes no effort and is as easy as clicking ""subscribe"". If they required any more effort than that, my review may be different. As things stand however, they do not.The Good:The Setting...The game has an extremely large scale and is a very interesting historical ""what if"" simulator set in the historical period after Alexander the Great's Empire disintegrated and states such as Rome, Persia (not called Persia right now, but trust me, it is) Macedon and Carthage (to name maybe 5% of the faction list in this game) made their bid for expansion in the Ancient World. The setting is really exciting and really sets a mood for expansion and ancient warfare between mighty nations where pretty much anyone could have ruled Ancient Europe, Northern Africa, the Asian Steppes and the Middle East all of the way to India. When you finally reach the end of a game you cannot help but marvel at the size of your empire and all of the epic battle symbols on the terrain and say ""yeah, I built that"". The setting also makes the game incredibly addictive and the feeling of ""one more turn"" is omnipresent. The state of diplomacy in the game is almost completely fixed, and with mods is 100% fixed so that nations respond to rationally, even if you don't see their grand strategy upfront and their actions do not make sense to you in the short term. One game, I was playing as Rome, and I sought a trade agreement with a nearby rival, Massalia, who had expanded but was diplomatically friendly to me. They refused me every time, to my bafflement. However, I later realized that Massalia had no plans of being friendly, as they launched a sneak attack on me by sea right after I became engaged in a war with Carthage, breaking a Non-Agression Pact in the process. Needless to say, things got interesting, and they behaved deviously rationally: a trade agreement with them would have made me a stronger foe in the long term, despite the short term boost in wealth. And that, as they say, simply will not do.The Gameplay...The gameplay, both on the campaign map and in battle are vastly improved, and immensely challenging. Enemy AI, if subsidized by mods, is capable of highly sophisticated flanking maneuvers and uses ranged units to deadly effect right where you don't want them to be. A superior force is no longer a guarantee of victory like it used to be, and this means every engagement is as tense as the last. The political and diplomacy systems are fixed even pre-mod, and make a lot of sense to me. Some people remain baffled by the political system and true, it is poorly explained. But it is not overly complicated I promise you. In short, it is a game of balancing your factions prestige and power with the other factions in the game. Become too powerful, and you will become a dictator that will be despised and subject to uprisings and schemes. Become too weak, and you will be forced out and exiled. The extreme result of either disbalance is a civil war: either from a position of the majority or minority. The catch is that maintaining a balance of power becomes increasingly difficult the larger the empire or potential pie becomes. It really is a cool dynamic when subsidied with mods like 2 turns per year or 4 turns per year that result in almost God like Generals that command the respect of tens of thousands facing off against one another in a political tug of war. Also, the Province system is a huge improvement to the system for land management  in Empire to Shogun 2, and really motivates you to expand quicker so you can control an entire province rather than just part of it in order to capitalize on the bonuses of ""complete"" ownership such as edicts, food bonuses, public order bonuses, and economic bonuses. It really makes me smile when addictiveness is built into a game mechanic that works well on its own already.The Shiny Baubles...The game looks great on higher settings. My PC is 4 years old and I cannot touch ultra on anything except unit textures, building textures, and unit sizes. The game could run better at times, but it is a thing of beuty if you crank the graphics a little bit and have a system that can do it. I am thinking of upgrading my PC soon JUST so I can see this game maxed out. The UI leaves a little to be desired though, and the unit cards are just ugly, albeit historically accurate (the unit cards look like a drawing on an ancient pot or urn). The campagin map looks beautiful though, and it is huge. Attila is a better looking game than this and is optimized better (runs smoother, better load times etc.) but Rome II is still impressive to behold.Overall, Rome II is an excellent addition to the total war series, and becomes crazy addictive once modded out to reach its full potential. The gameplay is fun and challenging both in the campaign map and in battles. The game looks great on high end machines. The setting and sense that you are creating the story of a nation in a historical ""what if"" scneario is immersive and addictive in its own right, but even more so given the time period of epic ancient conquest. This game, unlike so many on the market today, is as much about being ballsy as it is about being smart and cunning. This is why I love it.Too bad CA sucks.The Bad:DLC DLC and what do you know? DLC...The DLC for this game was out of control from day one. Normally I do not mind DLC, as I believe in freedom of choice and the free market, and I honestly have no problem enhancing a product with DLC if the product is complete in its own right out of the gate. The way CA has used DLC however, has perverted the practice to the point where I am not so sure anymore, and I am very sceptical of new games nowadays. CA is certainly not the only party guilty of this in gaming (for an example of the most eggregious customer pillaging to date on consoles, see Destiny and how Bungie flogged anyone stupid enough to get that game out of the gate with shameless DLC flaunting in the season pass), but they are one of the worst. Day One DLC is an abysmal practice in its own right, but when combined with CA selling an incomplete product, using their consumers as free product testors for patchwork, AND dumping DLC behind a pay wall rather than fixing the game, the result is downright buggery on an epic scale. Again, selling DLC = not offensive. Selling DLC for an aplha build that cost 59.99 + lying to consumers  = insulting. The game was not complete until Emperor Edition (one year later), and by then creative assembly had added countless culture packs, expansions, a blood pack that should be standard but is not, and who knows what else. In the end, the game suffered, the fans suffered, and CA laughed its way to the bank. This is why I hate it: CA dropped the ball.Conclusion: buy when on sale. A solid game with a troubled past, but if you like total war, you will like this. With mods, you will love it. Buy it instead of Warhammer TW."
76561198048941581,Recommended,214950,11908654,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,ModelPingvinen,"I have played this since its relese and back then it was total sh** but i played it and enjoyed it alot when they started to fix it, it started to become better in a lot of ways !I would not say its a very good game but it has its good sides but the game needs to be fixed more well there is mods that will fix some parts but its still a ""shi**y"" game, but i would recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy!"
76561198064796918,Recommended,214950,21673677,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Yabba^^,"I read all of the negative reviews about this game so it took me a while to pick up the courage to invest in it - Ive played several titles (not Shogun ) and i thought the original  Rome Total War was still the best in terms of playability -especially the battle map interface  ....  Jesus! this game is freekin off the scale awesome 10/10 ..ill be getting Shogun if its supposed to be better !What can i say i bought the game about a week ago and havnt stopped playing it , the battles are just brilliant , its great to zoom in on your troops and hear them chat sit to each other , make jokes , taunts etc - the auto resolve is a great feature too - one where you know the odds before rolling the dice .. ive gotten good at taking a garrison and hiding them to ambush stupid enemy units and when it seems you cannot possibly win - ambushing in the streets means you can chew the enemy piecemeal - and listen in as your guys discuss whats going on ..the graphics are 100 times better than i thought the troop selection is awesome , everything is really smooth even moving troops quickly.The stategic play is really sweet too , just need to read up on best tactics and what to build .. my first three days were spent fighting revolts until i understood the mechanics of what to build and when not to build -as long as the happiness is going green dont build anything - you soon get ""mega rich"" and able to concentrate on fighting those battles with the best troops money can buy ! Also use the diplomacy tab to open trade with any and everyone who is willing -The three Agents are awesome too - but kinda annoying when an enemy champ blocks your path - but its part of the charm .if you like this kind of game its now a must buy - the emperor edition has fixed any previous issues and with modding i could be playing this for years !!!!!"
76561197961390936,Recommended,214950,20120688,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mλssλcre,"Beautiful strategie a lot of fun and uncertain moments, biting my nails, and then we move on.Choose which nation you will start and build up mighty empire.Fancy graphics in battles, the effects of course depend on your graphics card, memory and processor.Every recommendation for this title."
76561198102794023,Not Recommended,214950,11252040,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,cortinacort,This game is a mess. here is a short list of problems that i foundai is dumb50% of the time i load in to or out of a battle i get some sort of visual glitch like the flag of each army flash every color in the rainbow or my screen gets hazeyloading takes way to long so long loading just to see some glitches is not very funthe political system is super weirdagents are useless then everomg the glitches12 patches in and what do i see idkthis game makes empire total war awesome
,Recommended,214950,7744772,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Turquoise_Falcon,"In my opinion, this is now the best game of the Total War series. The faction rosters are the most varied of any previous game, the battles are very aesthetically pleasing as well as fun to play. The DLC campaigns are all fun to play and all add unique challenges.This game is defintely a must for a fan of the series"
,Not Recommended,214950,13753466,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ch,"Big letdown, can be fun at some points but there are so many TW games that are better than this. If you want a Rome total war pick the first."
,Not Recommended,214950,10210056,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Frosha,"Rome 2: Totaly UnderwhelmingThis game has a lot of potential, but the poor optimization and many bugs makes the game a lot harder to enjoy than it's predecessor. As a huge total war fan, it's a shame to see the sequel to one of the best strategy games ever (Rome: Total War) be released in such a poor state, and still not be fixed. The graphics are good, and a lot of the idéas put into the game are brilliant on paper, but the poor execution makes for a lot of frustration.the game is also overly convoluted at times, making it unnecessarily hard to find information might be crutial in a grand-strategy game.But all of this, and the games poor AI, are problems that we have seen in other total war games as well. Some have gotten bigger in this installment, some have been improoved, and some have stayed the same. So the real issue I have with this game, is not in the gameplay itself, because I actually enjoy it more than many of the other games in the series. My big issue with this game, is the poor performance.I have pretty decent rig, and so does a lot of my friends, but the trend i keep seeing, is that whether or not you get a good performance seems to be a total coin toss... And, a fatal bug, causes the game to stutter like crazy (without the actual framrate dropping) whenever the units have pathfinding issues. This is especially prominent in sige battles (mostly in barbarian settlements, but also occurs in any large scale battle) this occurs even on te lowest settings, and I'm running this on a 680M and with an i7 processor, so I should be able to run the game at OK settings at least. CA have stated on their website that they are aware of the issue, and even said in one of the patch notes that the issue should be resolved, but as the patches grow fewer, and the problem percists, my hope for the game to ever be truly playable for me are diminishing.This came as a big shock to me, especially since Shogun 2 (and every other total war game for that matter) runs silky smooth, even on the highes settings. I realise that Rome 2 is more demanding than Shogun 2, but when I can't even run it on the lowest settings there is clearly a problem.As of the time I'm writing this, CA still havent fixed the problem, but I'm still hoping for a fix. If they would resolve this issue, Rome 2 could easily become one of my favourite strategy games, but when the performance is so poor, it just makes all the other little anoyances so hard to deal with, and therefore I canno't recommend this. But as I said, I hope CA resolves this issu, so I, and anyone else with this issue, can once again be proud to call oureselves total war fans.(Sorry for poor grammar)"
,Not Recommended,214950,10271508,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ungstein,"As a long-time player and collector of Total War games, I am extremely disappointed with the direction this company has taken. This game is incomplete without buying all the DLC, the cost of which almost amounts to that of the game itself. Upon entering the game you are pestered with notifications to buy the rest of the game and it is this fact that irks me the most. It is like you have spent 80 bucks for a demo. It saddens me to say I won't be buying the next Total War, I'm done after this plus the fiasco that was Shogun 2.TL;DR: $79.95 (Initial Purchase, Basically a demo) + $64.93 (DLC) = $144.88 for a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥(Rome II)."
76561198001591182,Not Recommended,214950,12282534,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,"Eugene ""Wolf"" Roe","Lets start off with what this game is comparable to.The first Rome total war spans over a much longer period of time with many more factions. It was much more complex with city management but there was an auto-manage button. The AI wasn't to great but it didnt ruin the game.Now Rome II is garbage.ProsGraphics(as if that would be a reason to buy the game)Prologue was actually funTotal war Encyclopedia in gameGenerals are also politicianConsTutorial teaches you NOTHINGCity managementPoor AIDifficulty JumpAutoresolveNaval SystemConfusing Tech treeConfusing building systemUI is a messDiplomatic AILimited units unless you buy the dlcCan't Merge UnitsMultiplayer bugsLets tackle these individuallyProsThe total war encyclopedia is very helpful when you want to look up a units stats and maybe a little history. It was not helpful however when looking up tech trees and building treesA Cool Aspect of the game is your generals can rise through the ranks of your family as you use themCons-Doing all of the tutorials and they don't teach you about: Tactics, Diplomacy, Politics, Regional management, Unrest.-City management is a confusing mess. Each city has smaller cities part of their region. They all share bonuses(including population). So if you can recruit in one city you can recruit in the whole region. My problem is they don't tell you that. They also don't tell you anything about edicts and the requirements for those. You also can't build things like walls in sub-cities(I am looking at your Jerusalem)-The AI is consistently dumb. Sometimes they get stuck on boats when doing a landing, and sometimes the enemies general will walk to the edge of the map and stay there. Your long term ""Friends"" will betray you instantly if you don't have your cities well guarded(even if you share a common enemy).-There is a massive difficulty jump when switching from any faction besides Rome. Rome can just walk across the map, but you can easily spend 50 turns doing nothing as the germans or british. This is because each city has a large garrison and they can reinforce armies.-In Rome 2 they added a little more control over autoresolve. However autoresolve has no idea how to judge your odds. 1 extra group for the enemy will drop your chances down to 1/5. Also expert units don't seem to make a difference, and you can destroy anyone with just a ton of slingers.-The naval system is completely over powered. Each ship carries a full set of troops that can get off their boats and attack cities. Even if you kill an entire unit the boat doesn't disappear. They also require less researches to get epic boats(including onagers).-The tech tree and buildings are mostly unique to the faction(which is a plus) but it offers no advice on what to get or what future things offer. Sometimes you can unlock powerful unique troops by getting a religous building but you wont know unless you make those choices. The tech tree is split up into obscure categories that don't offer you any real reason to go for a specific tech when you start. Unless you know what everything unlocks you will find yourself starting a research when you can't build something, and you have to waste time to advance.-The user interface is so confusing and is very pointless. You will find yourself search through all the tabs just to figure out why you are having a civil war. You can easily ignore most of the buttons until you have a problem because the tutorial doesn't go over the interface at all, and you won't bother figuring them all out because some of them do nothing.-Diplomacy is probably the most frustrating thing in the entire game. Your allies will betray you. You sometimes have to pay thousands of gold for a non-agression pact. Sometimes people from across the world will give you money and ask for ridiculous things(like an alliance). Some people will completely refuse to trade even if you offer 4k gold. Their diplomats will want something but via audio will insult you.-You are seriously limited in gameplay unless you buy dlc. More then half the nations you cannot play.-You can't merge injured units(like in the previous games). I even went out of my way to look this up. You have to either disband them all and re-recruit or what like 8 turns in a city.-In Multiplayer, desyncs were frequent and sometimes you will find out 10 turns in the future that you desynced ruining the save. You have to start over or manually send them the save file.Overall, This game was a huge disappointment. I have played all the total wars and beaten them all except this one. The most I'd pay for this broken unfocused game is 10 bucks with all the dlc. It is seriously disappointing that their is so much dlc and they still want 60 bucks for this game. They seem to have invested in things that the total war fans don't care much about. If you have any interest in playing a total war game save your time and money and just play shogun 2 which is a much more polished and focused game. Rome 2 was a catastophic failure and couldn't deliver on any level of satisfaction. With buggy AI and completely lame intricacies this game has destroyed my hopes for this series, and alienated me with Creative Assembly's future projects."
76561198097027402,Not Recommended,214950,16822220,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,damongunn,"Looked forward to this game but it ended up being a disappointment.  They shouldn't have tried to fix things that weren't broken.I've played TW games since the original Shogun, my favorite being Medieval II Total War, which improved greatly upon it's predecessors. Medieval II TW was intuitive.  Unfortunately Rome II was clunky and far from intuitive.The interface seemed to be a random hunt and peck setup, scattered throughout the screen in a chaotic order.  Many details that added color to M2TW were removed from Rome 2 and then things that created nothing but tedium were added. The unit cards were larger than necessary yet gave no way to know the exact number of troops in a unit by looking at them; you have to guesstimate.  The creators also decided to use a mimicry of old Roman art instead of more appealing and identifiable pictures:  I feel that was an aesthetic, if not functional, mistake.   Management of settlements and provinces was limited and yet clunky.  Most everything is based off fighting penalties and not gaining bonuses.  Overall control leaves much to be desired, yet the AI factions, of course, flourish without fail or penalty.Attilla looks like it made some improvements although it uses much of the same flawed system, so perhaps I would suggest playing that one over Rome 2, but honestly I have not had enough game time on Attilla to accurately commit to that suggestion.All I can say is that Rome 2 has been painfully dissapointing to me, and I write that with sadness as a TW fan."
,Not Recommended,214950,16567661,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Connor.Fisher2000,"I liked the game a lot- until it broke.I downloaded it on 6-17, played it for the first time on 6-18, it broke on 6-19 after i downloaded the Wrath of Sparta DLC. It will not go past the white loading screen, even when I left it going for 3 1/2 hours.When it was running 8/10now 2/10 would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,214950,12294020,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,CrimsonViper,"This game is has a lot going for it, beautiful graphics, interesting and dynamic  historical era to use, having army/legion traditions and getting to name them, a well laid out globalal map, lots of factions and sub factions, limiting of special agents, the focus of trying to make battles not always be sieges, including amphibious assaults and navel battles.However, for everything this game gets right, it truly fails at its core game play. I will briefly bring up the following flaws: game feels void of any meaning customization, many bonuses are so arbitrarily useless its unclear as to why they are included, diplomacy is basically a throw gold at it till they like you, political systems is bare bones and uninteresting, user interface in battle does not feel refined or aesthetically pleasing, many AI tactics are utterly similar or make a larger battle line if they can and march forward, unsatisfying campaign ending, unrealistic end game goals, tech takes too long is fairly linear and uninspired and also gives a lot of things that feel like they should be standard.Lastly, that was all based on the merit of the game by itself. Now does this game live up to any predecessor game of the Total War series that I've played? No. Not even close."
76561198095684897,Recommended,214950,26271009,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Simon Lancaster [ANWF],"I am thoroughly enjoying this game. The Emperor Edition has ironed out most if not all major bugs and the game runs smoothly on my new but fairly low end laptop (new i7 chip 6500U, Nvidia 940MX graphics card, 4 GB dedicated RAM, 8 GB DDR4 RAM). I am mainly playing multiplayer and it is a blast. The classical era has lots of different units like hoplites, phalanx, swordsmen, chariots, elephants, slingers, peltasts and all else.. This makes it fun to play. To be honest, I also have Warhammer Total War and this is much better on multiplayer for me at least.The multiplayer community is quite large and I never have to wait long for battles. I also notice that most mp battles are stable and there are not so many crashes compared to older Total War games. As this game is a few years old I would urge you to get it and play it while the online community is still thriving. 9/10 from me."
,Not Recommended,214950,12263908,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SMURG,"As Total War games go, I feel fairly justified in referring to this one as the worst so far. Probably the most disappointing aspect is that it fails to live up to its older brother, the original Rome: Total War since the Creative Assembly decided to take the original Rome game, improve the graphics and then make it worse in every other possible way. That cool feature allowing you to see a city on the battle map outside of combat? Gone. Family trees? Gone.About the only decent thing added is naval combat and the ability to perform amphibious landings, but the glitches therein where the AI are concerned do tarnish that somewhat (the AI likes to land troops on the beach and then just leave them standing there).Even the helpful information pieces on each unit and building to tell you what each of them do and to provide historical context has been moved to an online service, so if you don't have an internet connection you have no idea what anything does until you can build it. Honestly, what was wrong with just having that as part of the game?Then there's the fact that the game has glaring mechanical issues too - perhaps most pronounced in the closed system of the Britannic tribes, where often times if you start as the Iceni you can find yourself in a ridiculous stalemate where everyone has a 20 stack of identical units and can't take anybody else's city because of the garrisons and can't build more/better units due to a lack of cash. The root cause of this ofc is the fact that even across cultures all the units are fundamentally the same - they're all either swordsmen, spearmen, cavalry or missile units, and since all the units are equally terrible it comes down to a simple matter of whoever has the most men wins - which may be fairly accurate historically but it doesn't make for an enjoyable experience in-game, particularly since you can't have any more than 20 units per army.The blandness of the uni choices is further compounded by the fact that a lot of the abilities and formations don't do what they're supposed to; the testudo is underpowered if not totally useless and when last I checked the shield wall had literally no effect whatsoever.I'd recommend the original Rome: Total War game over this (or any other Total War game really if you're not set on the time period) any day of the week."
76561198040929147,Not Recommended,214950,18845971,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,aah1,"This game is getting a thumbs down from me for many reasons. One the whole reason this game is supposed to be better than other stradegy games, is the pormise of being able to play on the battle feild. Whenever I try to run this,however, my whole system freezes. I tried this on a PC and a Mac running a PC V.E.Second, the game randomly freezes. This happens a lot whenever I am playing the game. Not sure if it's just me or more people, but it's really frusterating.When the game is running properly I really do enjoy the game, but with freezes and system crashes. I just can't put up with it."
,Recommended,214950,11392554,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,HFocus77,"Want to take over the world like a Roman, except do it better? Do you want to show Rome whos boss as one of the other war Nations you can play as? Or do you want to enact historical battles or customise your own? This game fits all these titles and forces you to think about alliances, your people, and wealth. You can even get mods off the steam workshop!"
,Recommended,214950,8799499,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,|TM| The_Blank,"Total War: ROME II has experienced many release issues, that is true. I remember having shadows too dark and are pure black and don't show the textures behind them, or units that are just too dense for proper collision after a charge.The condition of the game in its release date was unbearable. Many could'nt play the game at all.However, CA has been comitted to the release of patches for the game. They fixed graphical issues, unit formations, performance and optimisation, shock cavalry, testudo (to some extent), and many other functions.Today, the game is still in a state that needs further optimisation and and fixes, however, when compard to the game's original state, one does not deny the improvements.Some people have been complaining some patch has made their game not work, either freezes or splash screen loading screen taking forever. Personally, I had minimal encounters with such issues.When buying the game, do not expect the game CA displayed in the battle of Teutoburg forest or the siege of Carthage. Yes, the game has improved, but the pre-release displayed content was perhaps heavily scripted, etc.AI was completely broken during the original version, but now with recent patches, the AI is better. The AI now flanks correctly for example. Siege AI however is still broken, despite yet noticable improvements with patch 8.1.Many people blame CA for the game's release conditions. I disagree with them. SEGA is the problem. They pressurised CA into releasing the game earlier than it should have been, perhaps to get it out before the release of next-gen consoles.There have been many diplomatical functions stipped out of the game. Diplomacy is now very simple.Players complained alot about the game in its release stange, that was understandable, but now, people overdo it. Whiners are many, and sometimes even are wrong. Despite the game's problems, it deserves much less hate.Despite what I said negatively about the game, I still recommend it. The game is enjoyable and very fun. Improvements have been made and more will be. The game now very rarely desyncs in multiplayer, and lags much less. I am confident that CA will keep patching the game until it's in a near perfect stage, just like Total War: Shogun 2.I hope you learned a thing or two about my feeling towards the game, and are more confident in your choice in wether to buy the game or not. I tried to be as unbiased as possible."
,Not Recommended,214950,12265699,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"I only played this game during the free weekend. I have been playing the Total War series since Rome 1. Every iteration of the Total War has added new things, and sometimes removed others. I have known about the negative attitude towards Rome 2 for some time, but I decided to try this game with an open mind.The first thing I noticed was the fact the the graphics were very buggy. Bear in mind that this game has been out for over a year as I write this. I have an Intel i7-4770K processor and an Nvidia 660 OC at 2GB, and the framerate was mostly smooth. However, there were tons of glitchy pop-ins out in the distance. Sometimes, the soldiers would glitch, causing the skin to be removed from their faces revealing their teeth and eyes. The game was otherwise quite smooth and the load times for the game were better than Shogun 2 (well, for me they were).The next problem is all of the little things that were removed from the game. There are many things, so I will only list the one that kills the game for me: No captains. In Rome 2, it is impossible to remove smaller units from a general's army and have them operate on their own. You cannot leave any behind to protect your settlement as you advance. In order to improve your defenses, you have two options. You can either upgrade your settlement, which improves your basic garrison soldiers. Or you can create a new army, new general and all, and have them camp there forever. It gets better, though, as you can only recruit generals from your capital (at least in the singleplayer campaign). If your front line is far away, you will have to wait until the army is completely built before you can send it there, which takes several turns.The no captains decision was clearly made to address player complaints in multiplayer. It is so obvious that this game was made to be played in multiplayer. On the Steam community forums, you can find people complaining about people abusing small armies. Thats like complaining about the ""noob tube"" in the COD series. Removing something just to gave unskilled players an advantage is terrible, and I'm glad I didn't pay for it. You can't even send cavalry to scout.I can't give this game a score because I feel that I didn't play it enough, but thats only because I found the lack of captains to be completely game breaking."
,Recommended,214950,24060821,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Solution,"Well well. Here we are. This game is not a masterpiece. But has lots of good parts in it besides being completely different from the older totalwars.+The new castle/city building+Army training+Champions and diplomats ( with awesome system of Cunning/Authority/Zeal which exists for the commanders too)+Awesome designed Tribes ( do not count the dlc's, it looks like they didn't even try to create new faces neither battle style)+Rome+Conquering Rome has an aditinal cutscene <3+bureaucracy and controling your generals and authorities is more important and dangereous than before+awesome technology improving ( every nation has it's own style )+Graphics look shining, espacially from general's view. ( CHAAARGE FORWAAAARD! )+New army march styles!+PLAYABLE WITH ONE FRIEND!+ Diplomacy is way way way way better than the older games-- Unfortunetly, the battles don't feel right as the old games, It's slow or too complicated looking that you won't get the rage or satisfaction of war--Unit and commander vocalization litteraly sucks. I don't know why they did it but there is no legionary yelling at your face ""THE VICTORYY IS O*sound crack* OURSSS! or some old warrior telling you how our man♥♥♥♥♥♥♥their warlord. Breaking the concept really badly.--Civil war is a huge dissapointment ( you can check it out from videos )-Hoplites-Some of the dlc tribes are unplayable, you basically cannot win with them ( not having any spear unit and facing macedonians is not the best way to start a campaign )-Music is not fitting at all.-Selling culture packs?!-Hoplites-Hoplites-Some of the most awesome tribes are not playable-AI can be completly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ most of the times. So try to play at higher difficulty, so atleast you can have a bit opponent in front of you.( half of the negatives are joke. Don't get edgy )"
,Recommended,214950,11493296,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,☬ Deathstroke ☭,"Ok, afyer abandoning this game at launch becuase of the horrible AI, Campaign, and multiplayer i must say....this game is FINALLY WORTH BUYING!! The AI is actually a decent challenge on very hard to legendary difficulty. The AI make Armies and fleets with power behind them and usually attempt to out number you 2 to 1, sometimes it's 3 to 1 and it is almost impossible to win unless your units are all elite and have amazing ranks (which wouldn't happen cause you wopuld be in serious debt) The senate mechanics actually mean something now. The only thing i wish they would put in this game is a option that you can force another faction to make peace with another faction.....too bad they didnt do that. The game runs great now after the countless of optimization patches they have released. The modding community makes this game fun as hell to play and makes your campaign experience much better cause most people use mods that make the construction and unit build times better. Overall I think i have said enough, It is time to start playing this game again cause now you are finally missing out. Believe me you will no longer regret buying this game and will play it for countless hours. I also recommend buying the DLC pirates and raider becuase in multiplayer if they are used right , they can be extremly deadly. The multiplayer is decent now and connection issues are mostly resovled!My final rating for this game with mods is a 10/10 becuase there is so much more added content wiseThis game in vanilla state had managed to achieve a 9/10, still a good rating to be honest.This game overall i would give a 9/10, it's entertaining, fun, sometimes difficult, and just plain awesome. Don't listen to the haters, take it from me, a total war fan for more then a decade. This isn't the best total war and it sure wasn't at launch...but it's making it's way up there....slowly but surely"
76561197965660799,Not Recommended,214950,27381054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bryl,"Firepot ships are small ships that have an exploding bomb at the front, meant to ram ships and set them on fire.However, the programming of this game has it coded that if any ship of smaller size rams a bigger ship then the small ship takes the damage.Meaning that when a Firepot ship rams an enemy ship, the firepot ship explodes.10/10 Programming."
76561198027025199,Not Recommended,214950,10960858,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Malus131,"My review may be somewhat biased by the fact that this game no longer actually runs, but instead pretends to only to freeze my entire computer up and make me reboot it, but that's besides the point. Rome 2 is up there with the great gaming♥♥♥♥♥♥ups  of recent years; in fact, I'll go so far to say it's the Aliens:Colonial Marines of strategy - a game hoped for with a naive twinkle in my youthful eyes, but resulting in only despair and depression. If you haven't played Total War games before, give it a whirl, it's your money and I won't tell you wat to do with it, but if you've followed the series from the beginning like me, I wouldn't touch this steaming turd of a strategy game with a barge pole coated in a mixture of bleach and antiseptic.My advice to you is to go and buy Medieval 2 or, if it's the Rome setting you seek, Rome 1, for a fraction of the price, and then marvel and the quality a game released many many years ago compared to the rank, cesspit sniffing induced halucniations that must've been discussed in board meetings at CA.Also, Rome 1 and Med 2 have a funny business practice many people may appreciate, in that to have what feels like (or should in Rome 2's case) a full game ( or indeed a completely new game by Jove!), you only need one or two very ceap, very expansive add ons, compared to the plethora of content that should be in a base game but SEGA and CA have kindly decided you should pay around £7 for.Anyway, long and the short of it in my eyes is that Rome 2 just does not measure up to A) what was seemingly promised and B) a game released 10 years ago (in fact, I would rate Shogun1 and Medieval 1 far higher)."
,Recommended,214950,11436600,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hetairos,"Dear CitizensAlmost a year has passed after its release.Total War: Rome II is beautiful, but yet unfinished. CA does support the game and come up regularly with an equal amount of excellent, but also with very questionable content. The modding tools for Total War: Rome II are present and easy to use. However the actual modding is still very limited and when I say very limited I mean very limited.Expecting constant support for years, more modding tools to be released, modding restriction to be lifted and Total War: Expansions to add to the shallow game design I do recommend this game.If in question, simply stay tuned and consider buying it in one or two years, once we have more informations and being able to prove or disprove my expectations.CheersAlec"
,Recommended,214950,13778584,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Beast,"This game is definitly not perfect but is a definite step up from the original launch. There are still some bugs such as ships traveling through land and siege engines being stuck in the open. The AI can sometimes keep moving it's units back and forth until you attack but i have noticed that with all the total war titles.The AI is much better on the campaign map and will hide its units for an ambush or fortify defensible areas against attack. It is very aggresive and will show no mercy against newly captured and unguarded cities. ALWAYS destroy all enemy armies before advancing. The AI on the battlefield is not as bright as on the campaign map but will always hammer your archers with a cavalry charge from the back even if it means scuicide. It will also attempt to surround you and try to outflank you instead of a head-on assault.The graphics are very well done with a couple of odd textures. The units move smoothly and are visibly tired and will run much slower if tired. Siege battles are well done with one walled city to a province and 1-3 unwalled towns within the province. It provides a good balanced between sieges and assaults; although most of the major battles will take place in the major cities.Units are varied very well between each faction but wiht the same style of units per culture or related factions. Each unit types has major advantages and disadvantages: the spartan hopolites and pikeman for example, are superb against cavalry and frontal assaults, but are tightly packed and vulnerable from flanking, archers, or siege weapons.the tech system is completely different from any other total war and is not the best. It splits into two parts: civil, and military. The trees are poorly done and are not deep at all. there are usually only 2 braches per section. If you like the family systems and ruler systems you had in previous total war games, you will be disappointed. There are no families or even rulers, it is all about holding political power among your faction. Having your balance of power too low or too high will result in a civil war and many army stacks appearing at your capital. You have gravitas and gerontens. It is pretty confusing at the start but once you get the feel for it it becomes easier.Overview: Rome 2 is a huge step up from the original launch and has a very well done AI. There is a great balance between walled cities and small villages and unit types are very well done with weaknesses and strengths. The political are tech systems need a total makeover but could work in the future.80/100Remember, Rome wasn't built in a day."
76561198149301375,Recommended,214950,23717744,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,radiationsoap,"Total War: Rome II is alright. Having only owned a few of the Total War titles, I may not have the best impression, but Rome II just feels a little different. While Total War games have steadily grown more complex, it usually maintains an accessible feel. And despite being complex, its rather elegant, meaning that its complexity is easy to learn and master. Rome II just doesn't have that feel. Actions and decisions are buried beneath menu after menu, and the screen feels extremely cluttered compared to the Total War games I've play. I also got a bad impression by the Prologue/Training Sequence; I'm not the best Total War player, but then again I'm not terrible, but the Prologue seemed very demanding and expected a lot of the player. There was also a lot that the Prologue didn't do a good job of explaining and I found it very difficult to balance management and conquest.However, I do appreciate that the game is actually a little more tactical than previous titles, at least for me. Playing Shogun 2: Fall of the Samurai, I found myself relying too much on autoresolve and during actual battles I felt that I could strategize that much. In Rome II, I found that singular units can tip the battle in your favor, that you have to use hand-made formations and the terrain to prepare a better defense. I found myself actually taking the time during deployment to survey the field to see how I could use it and how the enemy could as well. I have to wrack my brain sometimes to figure out to claw entrenched units. I also appreciate that autoresolve, despite being more refine and choice-driven, is still not as good as getting your hands dirty.But still, Rome II has its flaws. I found that the management side to be less accessible and events that unfolded I didn't really understand. It honestly felt like it took care of itself. I also couldn't find a faction/group that I identified in as compared to other titles. It doesn't help that many of the tribe factions, such as Britannic or Germanic, have less options for the player, and it's very difficult to manage your armies and your land against multiple threats. I know its part of the challenge, but it makes it difficult for players who don't want to play as the more refined factions, and I don't feel like spending that much money on DLC.Rome II runs well and it looks great, but there's a lot missing that I enjoyed from older titles and a lot that's there now that just isn't that well done. But at the end of the day, all that matters is if it's fun. And yes, Rome II is fun, despite its flaws. Its fun to watch two Germanic tribes duke it out on a hillside until nothing is left except for your bloody yet victorious army."
76561198061139186,Recommended,214950,13750608,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,[BGD][Maus] Vinicioart4,"Well, its a very good game overall, the release of the game was horrible with tons of bugs but most of them are now fixed, but it took so many patches. But the fu*****ing dlcs, its becoming not acceptable as all dlcs together cost more than the normal game, some of them add its 3 factions and 1 campaign, other add 3 factions and some only add some bad units.... And even a BLOOD dlc!!!!! Thats not acceptable, the dlcs are really expensive and add too little, and lots of things that were added in Shogun 2 were basicallly removed from the game, Sega and Creative Assembly STOP!!! Dont fu*** up total war, do Expansions!!!! not those bad dlcs that just add facions that shouldve been on the game!!! Even Rome 1 had more factions the Rome 2 wthout dlcs...  This is still a good game and i recommend it, but total war is becoming a cash grab and i dont know for how long this will continue, Attila already has 1 dlc announced and probably 1 blood dlc to be realeased as the animations shown in the gameplays dont have any blood."
76561198038506071,Not Recommended,214950,14494903,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,True Moo,This is one of those games that is terrible but you want to play it because you paid good money for it.
76561198004935418,Not Recommended,214950,10333588,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Aktive SterbeHilfe,"I just had to write a review about this, I will try not to rage and make it as helpful as I can.to be honest, this game has huge potential, it looks more steamlined, better map and some nice new functions, way better graphics which can be boosted a lot more even.Negatives :I will start with the campaign.In every total war game, the player has always been more or like a target for the enemy AI, however in rome 2 this is absurdly so.I understand they want to make the game challenging, but if you start as iceni for example and 4 factions declare on you in the first 20 turns and camp your harbour with 5 stacks. well this makes the game a drag.I have played many campaigns already and abandoned most, I found that diplomacy is broken completly,  Allied Ai will drag you in useless wars and then the game will mass declare on you.No one ever really wants to trade with you or form a alliance unless you pay up.Second is the agents of the AI.They are able to damage your settlement causing 4 buildings to burn, each repair costs 400-1200.they will do this every 2 turns and sometimes 4 agents will camp your capital while 2 more roam your territory. FMLBattles :Insanely beautiful to see ( with gore dlc and mod )Battles become epic with no matched combat mod.Without mods, will lets just say this feels like a tetris game, you will form a line and the enemy will form up against that line.at least 3-12 units of slingers and max 2-3 units of cav will rain death on your units.First moves from AI are always to flank you, first time it took me by suprise but after 20 times I know to just send spears to the flank, after that I can flank with my leftover spears and my own cavs.Once you rout their slingers its GG.Siege battles :3-4 units will torch your gates and get wasted.They will mass rush your gate and then their numbers are meaningless ( which is good since they always siege  every single city with 2 stacks minimum, I noticed they usually send 1 stack close, then the second and then a small third army which will attack you. )Number crush will happen in the gates, take boiling oil and its GG.Ladders they do use, however if you charge them while using ladders they will never form back up again. GGThey hit the walls with 5 units, those rout and they will never send backup GGMy suggestion for this game :Mods mods mods and a new engine lol.I still have faith, always"
76561198006963708,Recommended,214950,12710170,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Bo,"I't started out bad, really bad. The game was half made. But that made a great opportunity for modders to make great mods and play around. And now the game is fixed and it's magical. Never been so happy for a total war game before and now im on 684 hours of gameplay :/ I cry when I see how much time I've wasted on a single game but I have enjoyed every second of it.  I'd reccomend a good computer for the game.Sincerly a satisfied Total War fan."
,Recommended,214950,11093497,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,B-Bounce,"im a fan of the Total War series and Rome 2 Total War is a worthy successor of Rome (1) Total War.i love to play the Roman Empire but i think that the Romans have too strong units and if you dont play them they will lose miserably but i love the Barbarian Fractions like the Germanic Suebi or the Celtic Iceni also.what i miss in Rome 2 Total War is the family tree, like in Rome (1) TW or Medieval 2 TW...but its still an awesome Game.9/10."
76561198032043351,Not Recommended,214950,24109961,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Memberberry,"The game itself is great now compared to release, however, Sega is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ publisher.Only get this game if it's on sale.The fact there is a DLC for adding blood and gore graphics in the game (a standard graphics option for most games) should be the first alarming factor. The fact that there is $85.90 worth of DLC should be a huge red flag, Sega is just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as EA when it comes to DLC if not even worse.This type of business model is what has destroyed the gaming industry over time, wait until a sale happens to pick this game up. It's a fun game, but it is not worth paying full price for to support such a crooked and corrupt business model. Remember Sega is the same publisher that allowed Alien: Colonial Marines to happen and pretty much gave the community the middle finger after the chaos that ensued along with Gearbox.Edit: If you want more justification as to why to only buy this game during a sale, look at the current Total War: Warhammer, the DLC is already at $30+ with only 3 months of the game being released and the reviews quickly went from mostly positive to mixed because of it. The game is great, however, Sega's demands as a publisher is ridiculous with the DLC policy. Do not pay full price for this game or any Total War game that follows the abhorrent DLC policy of Sega."
76561198143861455,Recommended,214950,23996300,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,{OSP} AtcMD,"1000hrs in this game and I'm still coming back for more every now and then, 10/10 gotta love the TW series."
,Recommended,214950,33586858,Posted: 16 July,all,Tyos [;x],"Besides the ""Caesar in Gaul"" campaign, that is very annoying to play, is a pretty good TW game."
76561198119549178,Not Recommended,214950,24516775,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,hochung.cho,"This game is on the whole, a massive disappointment. Diplomacy is broken, AI is decrepit, and various units are too overpowered or underpowered. Campaign is completely unplayable as several factions. I am quite disappointed, especially at the high cost of the game."
,Recommended,214950,7905804,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lord Kane,Not the best of Total War--too streamlined and too many technical problems. Getting better with each patch never the less.
,Recommended,214950,10872680,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,iznotacat,I'm a horrible strategist. But this is still my favorite game.30/10
,Recommended,214950,7426988,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Vanok [RUSMNB],"Качественное, хотя и довольно требовательное к железу, продолжение именитой серии. Путь развития, выбранный разработчиками, по своему интересен и хорошо сбалансирован, а регулярные патчи регулярно допиливают игру, делая ее каждый раз ближе к тому, что нам обещали изначально. Я не готов сказать, рад ли я общему вектору движения Total War, но конкретно в Rome II играть также интересно, как и в первую его часть, а это самое главное."
,Recommended,214950,11747213,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sanctus Ludio,"Total War^tm: Rome 2 is to me both fantastic and deeply, deeply disappointing. It revamps territory, politics, military infrastructure and armies amongst other things, but the changes more than not are either not radical enough or just worse. To be more specific:•	Territorial changes and the Province system:I love this particular idea and personally is probably my favourite thing about Rome 2, the new larger territories and very complex building trees makes it far more complex and tactical to manage and maximise food, happiness, research speed, military, population and of course PROFIT. The disadvantages of higher level buildings are too steep and It does have the downside that you often left sharing a province with someone you don't want to kill but have to. The max limit on the number of edicts you can have is also obnoxious.•	Politics:Bare, often meaningless and a money sink easily the weakest part of Rome 2, but i really never found this stuff to be that good in other total wars either. So still actually an upgrade, just didn't get taken far enough.•	Military:Military matter have really remained unchanged, in my limited experience the armies often feel a little bland and are far more realistic than rome 1, with factions often having similar armies. Army traditions are underwhelming like the political aspect but this is easily fixed by mods.•	Balancing and combat:Combat is a strange affair here, when Rome 1 launched combat was far too short and the AI was rubbish but it has got a lot better and now is of decent length with standard fair total war AI (so still pretty damn dumb). I find that skirmishers are very good in T:R2 with more infantry fight often becoming slogs (especially if you use defensive infantry) and with cavalry generally being somewhat slow in total war terms and taking a lot of casualties when running through archer units to chase then down, but the balancing is pretty good.I personally like rome but always find myself only playing it for short times before stopping, even though I can't find a reason why I doSo it's a good game that continues the franchise. It's not rome 1 (my favourite) but it's ok and can be easily modded and improved by mods.I'd recommend it if you've enjoyed the other Total Wars, but i am not going to called it amazing or terrible it's GOOD nothing more nothing less(I am enjoying the rise of Constantine mod now, makes combat take forever and totally changes tech trees, army traditions and general upgrades)"
,Not Recommended,214950,7882184,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,trilobit,Preordered it. Last time I did that.
76561198011051348,Not Recommended,214950,10698764,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jrbushman,"I bought this game as soon as it came out. I even preordered it in full I was so excited. Needless to say as you all know, it was absolutely terrible when it came out, but I didn't jump ship immediately. I waited it out. The devs continuously patched the game the community pulled together with mods and the like. But now, months after its release, I just finished a 20 hour playthrough, and even with over a dozen mods and all the patches and fixes they put into it its still terrible. I had this realization that I was putting all this time and effort into this game to just make it PLAYABLE, forget making it fun. The game is beyond salvaging and is a true lost cause, a black mark on RTS gaming history which cant be removed. Avoid like the plague."
,Recommended,214950,9509898,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Calzetines,Rome was not built in a
76561198044981127,Recommended,214950,12014920,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,LosT_ArC_XVIII,"This game is in a much better state not than it was when it released. Most of the top ""will not recommend"" comments are from when the game was still broken. Definately pick up this game if your a fan of the Total War series of have any intrests in RTS or historical perspective!"
,Not Recommended,214950,13402470,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,[LGC] Bridger,"Even after a year they haven't fixed the design problems.  All they've done is patch the bugs and (slightly) finish the political/civil war system.  Even the best modders out there can't fix the way buildings and provinces interact.  The main problem is that if you don't have all the regions in a province your buildings are *much* less efficient because all buildings provide their bonuses on a province-wide basis.  This results in you declaring war on your allies when they take the wrong province in a war.Why declare war on them?  Because there's no way to diplomatically deal with it.  You can't trade provinces or even give them to your client state.  You can't threaten to intervene in a war between your client state and another.  The diplomacy boils down to: ""Want a trade route?"" or ""Declare war?""These fundimental issues are unmoddable, and every time I come back hoping to see improvement it never is there.  I simply cannot recommend this game to anyone."
76561198006759626,Not Recommended,214950,18960465,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Ogiwan,"This is very much a step down for the Creative Assembly compared to earlier Total War games. The campaign UI really does do a poor job conveying information, often hiding the information you want in metrics that are misleading. The diplomacy system is wretched, as rather than being able to freely specify an amount, you are required to give in incriments of 10% of your treasury. When trying to get AI powers to sign trade treaties, its rather odd to offer them several thousand gold because you can't offer them a few hunderd.On the battlefield, the combat is more of a grind. Even when flanked or encircled, units will stick around for a disconcerting length of time. Naval combat is not an improvement over Shogun 2, and the tactic seems to be, ""Get artillery ships, win."" Battle is just not as fun as in past games.On the campaign map, the province system is rather clunky. Having multiple areas connected to a capital really makes things problematic from a strategic sense, since it makes far more sense to go all or nothing, and take an entire province, than settle for a portion of it. Additionally, the objectives given in the single-player game, while historic, force the player to play the game in a way that might not be fun for them.In short, Rome II has shaken my faith in the Creative Assembly as a quality development studio."
,Recommended,214950,29137477,Posted: 9 January,all,Fid,"At the moment i'm not entirely sure how i feel about this game. It is very fun and well made (at time of writing), but i feel that the team who made this game, and the original Rome Total War, is different from the one that made Shogun 2 Total War (my favourite of the franchise). At this stage this is neither a pro or a con, simply an observation.The game is great, with mechanics resembling those in the earlier games, i.e. Sieges with rams, catapults, etc.. However i feel like some mechanics are missing that could have been utilized, such as the momentum of charges causing troops to penetrate the opposing lines rather than just form a linear front, and individual soldiers having individual fights rather than seemingly mass attacks, both features which were present in Shogun 2, but not in Rome 2.While some mechanics are missing, this game is still fun nonetheless. Recommended, though i would personally wait for sales to purchase the DLC (or even the base game itself)."
76561198017783620,Recommended,214950,22832729,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,LORDVASS,the most indepth game from tatal war massive armys and modifiable units
76561198005885852,Recommended,214950,12838214,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,MojoHand,"Thrilling real time battles and stunning graphics make the ancient world come alive. The game has come a long way since it's disasterous release and I can say as of right now that the game is in a very good playable state. As I stated in the opening sentance, real time battles make the game and it really seems like the Creative Assembly put much effort into the games visuals and sound effects. The sound of sword and shield clashes and the gristly death animations really make you feel like your right in the middle of an ancient battle. On the campaign map, not only will you be moving armies and fleets but you also have various agents to help you further your ambitions and hinder your enemies. Your spies will gather intellagence about your enemies and can seriously hinder an enemy army via different options at your disposal, Diplomats bolster your income in regions that they are deployed in, and champions can help speed up the experience gain of your troops. I have put over 600 hours and counting into this game and see no end to quitting and with its vast amount of content that will be a long while."
76561198104027180,Recommended,214950,19275223,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Darth Vader,"While Rome 2's now imfamous launch was attrocious, in its current state, the game is one of the best of the Total War series, and a shining example of a RTS.1. Campaign: As always, Rome 2's campaign is a mix of turn based strategical management on the campaign map, and real time battles. For the most part, the AI does a good job managing their cities and armies. They don't make foolish mistakes, they defend their cities, and they attack any vulnerabilities left by the player. The UI is fine, but the lack of branching skill trees for generals can be annoying. The removal of family trees is another annoyance as you feel no attachment to your faction's characters. One place where Rome 2 shines, however, is its variety. There are dozens of faction to chose from, exact numbers based on DLC, all of which have interesting units, traits, and challenge levels.2. Battles: Once again, we see the return of CA's battle AI. While it is not totally imcopetent, it consistently makes moronic mistakes. It will engage your pikemen head on, charge cavalry into the front of heavy infantry, and often attack with no real tact. However, the battles are still fun. Troops are easy to control and the battle UI is slick and customizable. Sure, when a cav unit inexplicably gets stuck on one lonely spearman it can ♥♥♥♥ you the hell off, but it never detracts from the overall expirience.3. Multiplayer: Due to the variety of factions, Rome 2's multiplayer shines. Each faction is fun to play as and offers different stregnths and weaknesses. The added bonus of phasing out the battle AI is just the icing on the cake. However, technical issues still at times hinder the multiplayer, as you will often expirience severe lag and will occasionally be dropped from the game.4. Graphics: As one of the best optimized PC games out there in its current state, Rome 2 has no issue delivering both stellar graphics (in-battles and on the campaign map) and smooth framerates.5. DLC offerings: While the 'Wrath of Sparta' DLC fell short, and I still have yet to see the point of 'Blood and Gore,' Rome 2 still has some fine offerings for DLC. Some packs will add fun new factions, and others will offer new, full legnth historical camapign scenarios to be played out on customized maps. Without a doubt, 'Hannibal at the Gates' and Caesar in Gaul' stand out from the pack as superd additions to the game and engrosing windows into some of the most fascinating wars in antique history.Without a doubt, Rome 2 stands out as one of the most extensive and deep offerings in the RTS genre. It is a stellar game and in its current condition, and it is the best Total War game to date."
,Recommended,214950,31242332,Posted: 19 April,all,hendrix23464,"The initial problems of Rome 2 have been fixed for the most part due to patches. The high price of DLC means you will just have to wait for a sale, but the Imperator Augustus campaign that comes with the Emperor Edition far exceeds the original grand campaign because of the new tech trees and different sub-factions. Being able to play with almost all factions in the grand campaign allows for countless replayability due to the different play styles. I have been a long time fan of the Total War series and love this game. It alot more detail when it comes to public order and cultural influence than the first Rome and is much more accessible than Attila. I would recommend especially when it is on sale due to the long amount of hours and replayability this has."
,Recommended,214950,33143922,Posted: 2 July,all,Thermionicbinaural,"I would reccomend this if you want to just play a game casualiy and have fun.I find Controlling way more fluent then M2TW how in M2TW it was a bit laggy to control for me.But in ROME II it's fluent and Also a lot of Patches have made the game better.But Make the DLC more cheaper if you want money like rather than $7.99 for one culture pack, it should be like $1.50 for Culture Packs, Campaigns should be like (I'm talkin Rupees)Rs.85.00Note: Make DLC Cheaper for casual consumers."
,Not Recommended,214950,23754862,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,VanCleef,Almost 20 dollars DLCs for playing must-have factions. No way.
,Not Recommended,214950,16772944,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Sydney's World,"Rome Total War was not only fun and addictive, but revolutionary. Rome II is a big step backwards from Shogun II. The interface is clumsy, province management and even battles are unsatisfying, but worst of all, it is impossible to prevent rebellions...and when they occur, there are 10 times the amount of soliders that were there when you conquered the town in the first place....and they are better units! I will gladly return to Shogun II if I need a Total War fix: Rome II will be deleted after only a few hours of play."
,Not Recommended,214950,19411472,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,YoshiRainz,The UI is horrible. Takes a while to get used to unlike the more polished Shogun 2. Battles are really dull and boring.
76561198034302061,Recommended,214950,33268050,Posted: 5 July,all,Flower,"Good game, but paying for factions already in the game that should be free is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Recommended,214950,31630336,Posted: 8 May,all,LethalAcidTrip,"this game is by far is my fabourite total war game, ive clocked around 640 hours or more and im still playing it on a regular basis, ive purchased the wrath of sparta DLC and Hannibal at the gates and a couple culture packs and they are worth it, if you like mass wars from europe to the middle east this is the game for you, if you have a powerful PC you'll be able to have battles with 10,000+ units on screen and itll run smoothly, the game has real challenge to it if you play on a hard difficulty, the most difficult tribes to take out are the celtic, and other similar tribes,  they will ambush and surround you so youll need good defensive tactics while on the offense, but then comes taking Rome or Carthage you could end up fighting them and having a hard time with it, but overall this game is one of the best strategy games of all time, and it'll be hard to replace this as my favourite due to the diversity of factions and ways to fight."
,Not Recommended,214950,33779980,Posted: 24 July,all,Jack Graham,"The game is okay. It feels a lot more simplified (The province system) then other total war games. I would say if your looking for Rome, then all roads lead to Rome 1, avoid Rome 2. If you looking for playability, all roads lead to Rome 1, avoid Rome 2. If your looking for something casual and watered down with a horrid DLC policy, then I guess all roads lead to Rome 2...Just get Rome 1..."
,Recommended,214950,31614509,Posted: 7 May,all,Ur Booner Small Nogga,"Long time supporter of Total War, although this game has its flaws, its still a great game."
,Not Recommended,214950,10057232,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Road To Silver One,Absolutely tragic.
,Recommended,214950,12680711,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Very Depressed Raven,epic game it was bad when released and pre order was f****d up but in the end this is an amazingly well done game 10/10
76561198007871471,Recommended,214950,11405704,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,thriller_pwnz,The best strategy game I've ever played.
,Recommended,214950,23855483,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LivingMicrowave,"Thinking of it? Buy it. Especially when it's on sale.It's like Shogun 2 but there's a LOT more involved. Bigger map, way more factions, better political mechanics and (personally) a lot more fun.Haven't experienced much bugs at all, and it feels just as stable as its predecessor now.If you're looking to buy the DLC as well, I definitely recommend the Blood and Gore DLC.Everything else is not a necessity. Some DLC give you more to play with, but the base game itself gives you a LOT to work with already. I would recommend you to play the game first and buy the campaign and culture DLC later, especially because the DLC is quite overpriced. I would not recommend buying all the DLC at once.8/10"
76561198087612306,Not Recommended,214950,18295971,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,donnadodo,"This game is just a big waste of money sadly... There are tons of gamecrashes, and lots of bugs. I can't play past turn 5 because my game keeps on crashing when i end my turn (this made me have to pull the plug and damage my computer sadly). Tried to look up a fix but there was nothing that could help me. Why isn't this stuff patched yet????? Thanks Creative Assembly you wasted my 20 euros."
,Recommended,214950,10814176,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NaapurinKoira™,"Total War: ROME II is a turn-pased strategy game during the reign of the roman empire. The player will be controlling one of the factions for example The Romans or The Gauls and will be trying to conquer the know world through Millitary, pollitics and wealth.the player will command, purchase and train armies on the campaign map and command and lead the individual troops of an army on the battle map.The player can also use different agents to assassinate, preach and train troops.The game looks amazing but for it to look so amazing you will need an AMAZING computer, no shity laptop will work for this game.The ai in this game is a bit wonky but its ALOT better than at launch.It will have to do for now.I personally love this game, some people hate it, some love it, you might like it or you might not.Buy this during a sale if possible because for 50€ you could buy Medieval 2 total war and rome total war as they both are superior to this game if you dont mind the graphics and you still have cash left for other stuff.Good game, wonky ai 8/10"
,Recommended,214950,10390176,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dirty Darryl,buy it fools
,Recommended,214950,9165321,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ank,"Total War: ROME II is a strategy game and the next installment of the Total War series. We return to the age where we will relive the ancient Rome, the greatest empire ever existed in human history. Compared to the first Rome: Total War, this one is completely different in most aspect. Some might think this game is great, some might think this one is not great. This is my opinion.The gameplay, it is clear the game is becoming more streamlined than the previous, settlement are now being managed in provinces, with each provinces contain 2-4 cities including the province capital. Recruitment, public order and food are now provinces wide so you don't have to build barracks or temples in all of your cities. Battles are also improved, with soldier that throws javelin before charging, like the Roman Legion, doesn't have to wait to stand still to throw their javelin. Research tree are also present. Auto resolve battle now has 3 stances with each stances has different advantage and disadvantage. And now, each army or fleet must have a general or an admiral commanding them, and the amount of general and admiral that can be employed is limited, which mean, there will be no army spam in the map. Diplomacy is also improved and there are more treaties can be made.The graphics has also been improved, both on real-time battles and the campaign map. They look even better and beautiful, if the game runs the right way. Unless you're running the release version of the game, which contain many bugs and glitches even to the graphics itself. Unit collision is a mess. And sometimes which is most of the times when the game is first released, there were many texture errors from the menu, loading screen to the unit model, terrain and many more. It was mostly fixed by now.The AI, I think this is the worst part of the game. The AI on battles are somewhat stupid, extremely basic, their morale is also low, losing just 40 men and they start running away even the when they outnumbered your army. They even sometimes didn't move at all and if you play battles without time limit, this could be a problem when you're outnumbered. AI siege weapons don't move at all most of the time. Now with the game has been patched several times, the AI is improving, but still not really good. At least now you can have some challenge playing on harder difficulty.But other than that this game is great since many patch made through. I recommend this.UPDATE: Now with the release of the Emperor Edition, Total War: ROME II is now better than ever. The AI working as they should now although still not perfect. The performance is also great, and I notice that with medium setting, the graphic looks way better than previous medium setting. Total War: ROME II - Emperor Edition are now very playable.Rating 8/10"
76561198019952155,Recommended,214950,10394994,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Mr. Moustache Man,Only buy this if you have a good computer which aparently I don't because it takes 2 weeks to load a battle10/10
76561198028967168,Recommended,214950,24139479,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FEAR,"After all the patches, this game is definitely worth the price. Nowadays I don't encounter any bugs anymore. I've completed about 4 campaigns, and started, but failed, many more. All of them were great and challenging, some to the point of almost giving up, but then of course victory tastes even sweeter! You can easily spend hundreds of hours on this game;+ Full of content, even without DLC+ Practically bug-free+ Incredibly extensive campaign map+ Factions are well balanced overall+ MODS, SO MANY MODS, SOOOOO MAAAANYYYYY MOOOODDDSSSS+ Weather effects look beautiful- Ballistae are about as accurate as modern artillery, hitting a band of 20 strafing horsemen 300m away (mods solve this)- Naval combat still feels bad, ships don't respond well too commands, especially after a first contact with the enemy- Music is really average, but mods fix that in every way- Battles are too fast, again, mods can solve that.- A.I. still cheats, I know maybe it's impossible to avoid cheating, but I hate games where this happens. Sometimes you are clearly better, the A.I. just stomps you with 6 armies which it definitely can't pay for.Overall still a great game, mods solve almost every real issue and add a lot of good combat and tactical changes. If you liked the previous entries, or strategy in general, this is for you!"
76561198197800575,Recommended,214950,23730243,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jimbo Jones,Can't stress just how much I love total war games specially historical accurate ones! The game is simply epic a little pricey but you can play it over and over againWell recommended it's not just about the battles the campaign map and all its diplomacy and trade etc are almost like a separate game.Love the series just hope they make a new Medieval one.
76561198009249410,Recommended,214950,10578449,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,intent,"Is good, much fight, such intense."
76561198044432812,Not Recommended,214950,11128564,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,DENICE,"The game is ok BUT, THE STUPID 13$$$$ DLC TO UNLOCK ATHENS, EPIRUS and SPARTA IS LIKE WTF??? 13$ to unlock 3 factions are you serious CA? are you freaking serious? your game is not better than shogun 2 and you want US TO DOWNLOAD A DLC FOR 13$ to unlock sparta because people basically buy the DLC for sparta... RUBBISH"
,Recommended,214950,2735273,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Count of War,"An AWESOME game from the graphics down the to the gameplay, though it is not perfect they really did a splended job making things work the best they can, some minor bugs and major bugs in multiplayer COOP/Competitive campaign that will be fixed but otherwise it is so worth getting! TONS of gameplay, strategy and even intrigue!"
,Recommended,214950,9142094,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Pizzaman989,"The blood pack dlc is a rip off. The ai is still a little broken in the base game, and it's at patch 9, but this game still has a lot of potential with mods. A little arcady compared to previous total wars but I'd say the game is worth it, if it were to go on sale. DO NOT pay full price for this. You will regret it."
76561198028024745,Not Recommended,214950,12228613,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,americanpie056,"Paid 60 bucks for a game I can't even play! Game won't load past the intial loading screening. I have checked my system requirements 3 times, and have tried literally everything I can find on the steam forums and Total War forums to get it to work. Never had a problem with any Total War games or anything on Steam. Please fix this or give me my money back!"
76561198062518617,Not Recommended,214950,12275165,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Razmozzzzzz,If you seek the glory of Rome: Total War I do not recommend this game. It has it's moments but after so many patches there is still something missing and I don't think any patch can solve the design decision errors.
76561197976414721,Recommended,214950,23984346,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Faw,"Playing and loving every total war game (besides Empire...)vanilla 2016:+ awesome graphics+ huge scale+ loving the time period+ a lot of different units/types and factions+ after a lot of patches an 'OK' AI+ acceptable loading times- skill system (+ improvable with mod)- battle difficulty hard++ : unfair buffs for the AI which kill the balance/fun (+ improvable with mod)- AI still stupid in so much ways...- some regular disconnects/crashs in multiplayer (but it's not thaaaat bad)...I am saying this for years, after each and every total war title:Make a new TW-Game (e.g. Rome III). Change NOTHING, keep the Engine. keep most of the content...AND PUT LIKE EVERYTHING IN IMPROVING THE A.I. and i will pay you GLADLY 50€ for this game!thank you"
,Recommended,214950,10670713,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Scarhands,"I do recommend this game but only if you are a person who likes the ancient Romans or similar. The game lacks depth, for example, I have played 300 hundred hours of this game and that has been over half a year. Rome total war 1 was better because of the engine it used. The engine used for this game was meant for RANGED combat, not melee. This is why there is just a complete moshpit and no orginisation what so ever. The ancient Romans didn't break formation like they so easily do for this game. Now I have over the reccomended specs and I still have a frame rate drops. This is unacceptable. Napoleon, Medieval and Empire don't have framerate drops for me, so why does this? Total war Rome 2 was cleary rushed by Sega in order for them to get some more money. This can be seen from the amount of DLCs which have had to been added to the game. The old AI designer was fired? Why? This new one which has creatred the AI for Rome 2 is not the best to say the least and that's putting it mildly. If you have below the reccomended specs, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! This is because when I played with just under it, it barely ran on the main campaign screen, never mind the battles! Even with above average specs, the game still looks terrible! In today's day and age I would expect to see these graphics on the PS4 or Xbox 1.In conclusion if you want a MILDLY historicly accurate Roman game then go straight ahead... but only if it's on sale. But be warned, if you want to play as Sparta etc, you will have to buy the MoneyMakingDowanloadableContent (MMDLC). Out of 5 stars? 3. An average game... hopefully Creative assembly and Sega can top Napoleon and Rome 1 otherwise, the Total war series looks like it will die.Thanks for reading."
76561198090992824,Not Recommended,214950,10056131,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,B2bearshare,This damn game doesn't even start i keep trying to trouble shoot it and nothing works that i have found. And yes my computer specs are way beyond what is needed. so your best bet is to throw your sixty bucks in a fire at least you will get to watch it burn. f this game.
,Not Recommended,214950,10058235,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,shanneng,"What a missed trick this game is! Years of build, years of hype, years of watching how people modded the beloved Rome ----- and then this steaming pile of dreck is shoved out the door.Starting with the unplayably long turns even on the fastest of machines, moving right through inexplicably *worse* battle animations than what had already been delivered with Rome a decade ago, and ending with a broken faction system, there is literally no part of this that is even slightly enjoyable."
76561198019913723,Not Recommended,214950,10063383,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,deerhunter2477,Would be an awesome game if it wouldnt crash or fail to load every other day waste of my money because of this issue. I have also done all requirements to solve issue throughout the web I could find. Only a temp fix then three days later crash!
,Recommended,214950,22776497,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ember the Sunbro,"Alot of people have trouble with the menus and stuff in this game apparently, especially if they come from previous total war games. This menu system is easily learned if you have an open mind, so just remember its a little different than past total war games. (At least this is what my total war playing friends told me).Outside of this the game has done a fantastic job of getting the total war formula of diplomacy, sustaining your empire, and war right. You can spend the whole game expanding and listing on revolt. You can expand and then chill and work on economy. Or you could take over the whole world through trade and alliances. Would rome again 10/10"
,Recommended,214950,8299047,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Back Ops,"Не играйте в это, пацаны, не надо.Do not play this, folks, you don't really need to.UPDПосоны, наконец игорабельно, а с модом ""Divide et Impera"" и ещё парочкой саб-, не побоюсь этого слова, Rome II становится одним из лучших игорей в серии Total War. мастхэв карочFolks, it finally got  playable, if you add ""Divide et Impera"" mod and a couple of some submods, I dare say, Rome II will be one of the finest gaemz in Total War series. musthave u know"
76561198017055489,Recommended,214950,9676990,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,d-pankratov.ru,"Замечательная игра, достойная во всем той самой первой из своей серии, которая открыла новый мир стратегий. Очень хорошая графика, сочетаемая с детализацией и тактическими возможностями. Однако, она наследовала и все недостатки предыдущих, а именно набор одинаковых (в больше мере) штампованных населённых пунктов и локаций, которые начинают надоедать через определённое время. Также ограничение по фракциям, которое потом снимается постепенным введением платных дополнений. За это винить нельзя - это бизнес, и это стоит того. Но вот совершенно, на мой взгляд неудачные дополнения с отдельными малыми картами регионов типа Гальской компании Цезаря и Ганнибала у ворот - совершенно не оправданы. Они не интересны своей скоротечностью и ограниченностью. Во всём остальном - игра замечательна. Правда финансовая и дипломатическая составляющая здесь в совершенном зачатке и, зачастую играют малую роль. Но. Жду продолжения и возможностей играть за каждую из фракций!Wonderful game , worthy of all the very first of its series, which opened a new world strategies. Very good graphics, combined with detailed and tactical capabilities . However , it inherits all previous shortcomings , namely a set of identical ( at least more ) stamped settlements and locations that begin to pall after a certain time . The limitation on fractions , which then removed the gradual introduction of paid add-ons. Can not blame him - it's a business , and it's worth it . But here is perfect, in my opinion unfortunate additions to individual small card -type regions of Gali Caesar and Hannibal at the gates - absolutely not justified. They are not interested in its transience and limitation . In all the rest - the game is wonderful. True financial and diplomatic component here in perfect bud and often play a small role. But . Forward to continuing to play and opportunities for each of the fractions !"
,Recommended,214950,7854482,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pelsepuupp1,"The game did not meet my expectations at release, as it was buggy as hell, performance was horrible and it lacked many features I loved in the Total War series. Since then the game has been patched to a much more playable level, my favorite Blood-DLC was added and the modding community has tweaked the game to a top notch Total War game.It still lacks the family tree, which I greatly miss and the politics system is near moronic and the AI is still not what it used to be for instance in  Shogun 2.I fully agree with all the hate at release, but at the present state I certainly recommend buying this game as it is very entertaining and addictive."
76561198019249464,Recommended,214950,14657452,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Steve,"This game  has always worked for me..If you into accurate historically  gaming. Than Roman Empire Two, Emperor.s edition is for you!   It is difficult as you want  or easy, its your pleasure to set the pace......I have only played single gaming and can not comment on the multi aspect of RE-2...but if is anything like single-playing than I expect a positive experience...There have been alot of free patch-ins, which has changed the game from its original format..for me it has  all positive. Each up-grade has made the game better...I strongly recommend Roman Empire Two, with all the  trimings..I still have three more to add on...Looking froward to Attlia ...."
76561198046986904,Not Recommended,214950,10676497,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,N I BB A,DONT SUPPORT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S AND LIARSTHEREFORE DON'T BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,214950,8633740,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Alan Fistwood,"This game should be called ""Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t: Waste of money.""Arty wins every battle.IA sucks hard as hell.No improvement from the first rome.Bugs everywere.Campaign is Utterly crap and nonsense where major nations gets easily destroyed by minor nations, IA is able only to spam cannon fodder armies and stupid agents. Diplomacy is simply awful.The new interface, bulding and research system is 100 times worst then the Shogun II one.Definitively the worst total war. Don't waste your money, buy drugs instead."
76561198223719280,Not Recommended,214950,23691500,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,baltimorefun039,It would be nice if it would stop crashing. When i for it it worked for the 2 hours . Then kept crashing . And if you play more then 2 hours of the game . They dont refund or answer or do anything about it . no trouble shooting no runinstalling it and reinstalling it helps. just wont start up anymore . can anyone help ?
,Recommended,214950,3316160,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Stormtrooper EM-1992,"Ancient massive armies, bloody politics, and economic power is all in your hands! Command vast armies in your hands!What I think of the recent patches? The game is getting better and better in my own opinion. When it first came it, it was very buggy which I admit that. The campaign was very confusing because without a clear of political system.The biggest disappointment was that there is no avatar mode in Rome II. I was getting hyped and had high hopes about it which I was expecting something big. That gotten the best of me and I should be more self-aware of it.Depsite of that, I am still happy that I got it. There are many who are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it. Then, why you bought it in the first place?Yea, it's called marketing. Customers should have the right to know of their products before making a choice. Didn't I know it was going to have a bad launch?The patches has improved the game and need to go deeper in CA's website and the forums to know how the game work. If you didn't preorder the game, you will have to pay separate to get the Sparta faction along with Greek factions. Others are paid DLC and some for free which that depends  how worthy they are.The another biggest disappointment was that the Beast of War is a wasted 3 dollars because in my opinion should be a freebie and should have focused on making a avatar mode package instead with real time strategy like Crusader Kings II and other strategy to give more fluid campaign in multiplayer.With two disappointments in the way, how does it holds up? It's good, but that not good. Rome II's battles are very damn impressive and I mean it's a beauitful to wreck destruction on destroying things and massive battles.The Army system is much better and there's no need to setup garrison which you can focus on the invasion while your settlements has it's own garrisons. It's a unquie Army system that you can named your armies and navies as you can give them symbol of their standard, pick a army skill, and better understand how you will use your army works.Generals and Agents works the same way like in Shogun 2, but the sad part that family system like in Shogun 2 is not that instead replaced by Political system that no one seems to understand. That's a another disappointment as well.How I rate this game with the latest patch? I give this a 7/10 for unqiue world on terms how Rome II wonderful is, but it has drawbacks.It is better than Rome I? In my  opinion, it's much better and more impressive than Rome I  because I think that CA did their research well except their fantasy units.  Multiplayer is another story.Multiplayer before the patches was broken at the start and it improves better with the patches. It's just like Rome I with a new map choice. It has co op and head to head campaigns in Multiplayer which it has nothing else to do there.Either you love it or hate, Rome II kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198247356110,Recommended,214950,26237616,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,codyblazedkay,"This is the  only game of its kind, Regardless of any small problems. If you are a fan of Rome, Swords and Bows, commanding huge armys This is again, ONE OF A KIND..... If FPS is more your style tho but want a similar experience try ""Mount and Blade"" =]"
,Recommended,214950,7753570,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Vaughan,Rome 2 total war sits in third place amongst the best total war games.  Nothing to write home about I know.  Nevertheless I am recommending this game because I got more than 500 hours out of it.  The Caesar in Gaul dlc was a complete waste of money for me.  Here is a review that should tell you everything you need to know about what makes Rome 2 rank so poorly when it could have been the best:http://www.twcenter.net/forums/showthread.php?624087-150-hours-in-time-for-a-real-review-not-like-those-professional-clowns-at-the-magazines
76561198047090066,Not Recommended,214950,10969240,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ivainius Mal,"This game was the biggest betrayel of my childhood. This was worsened by the fact that they release DLC before the game was even properly working, not that the game is any good after all this time......"
76561198004736071,Recommended,214950,12123123,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Rikx,"Review for Emperor Edition:All the updates leading up to and including the free Emperor Edition update have turned Rome II into a great game. They have added upgrades to the culture system, seasons and seasonal effects (both visual and in applying bonuses or penalties), campaign and battle balancing, more playable factions and units, building chain revamps (more variety of buildings and chains), and various performance improvements.The latest update, which upgrades the game to Emperor Edition for free, has modified politics and civil war in ways that are very impactful to your campaign. You have reason to constantly track your family or partys influence, having to assasinate your own generals for fear of sparking a civil war or engage in political actions to improve your influence. Failure to do so results in harsh public order and tax penalties that will really cause you problems if you dont handle your politics correctly.The update also adds improvements to the user interface (color coding various things and reworking the politics screen), although overall the ui is not as visually appealing as in previous games. It also adds the Imperator Augustus campaign, which adds the playable Armenia faction to the Grand Campaign as well. It uses the Grand Campaigns map while adding various roman factions and changes to other factions to fit the setting.Overall the game is as it should have been when it launched last september. However, the user interface still a downgrade from the beautiful Shogun 2 scrolls. You also dont get as attached to your generals as in previous games (partly due to the lack of a family tree and the minimal importance given to aquired character traits). I would have also liked to have seen the return of the system where some settlement buildings were spread out across their territories (e.g. the farms or gold mines of Shogun 2 being represented on the campaign map as potential targets). It got removed in favor of the province system and of armies using the raiding stance in enemy territory, even though both systems could have worked in tandem to greater effect. It would have also made strategic raids of provinces more interesting since you had an additional, strategic target to attack or defend besides settlements, ports or other armies.In short, the game has substantially improved since launch and the Emperor Edition is a testament to that. I give the game in its current form a solid 9/10."
76561198074605815,Recommended,214950,22987782,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Bilbo Swaggins,"After many, many patches rome 2, in my opinion, is one of the best Total Wars to date."
76561198075004012,Recommended,214950,31568620,Posted: 5 May,all,thatoneguy2014,"An amazing game that I would recommend to anyone, however the price tag deters many. My buddy just built his first gaming PC and was super excited to play this co op since we had played Rome 1 together. When he told me the price I was shocked. Although I think it's still worth it, it's very hard to sell a game that's almost 4 years old for $60 when my buddy could pick up Arma 3 and Ark for only $10 more."
,Recommended,214950,11298789,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Danso,"Take a quick scroll through the negative reviews and note the ""hrs on record"" for each player:309 hrs clocked? Negative review.166.6 hrs clocked? Negative review.202 hrs clocked? Negative review.272.9 hrs clocked? Negative review.257.8 hrs clocked? Negative review.Do you notice a slight pattern here? Everyone giving this game the thumbs down has spent well more than their money's worth, playing the thing. If the game really is as bad as everyone says it is, then why do they spend hundreds of hours of their lives on it? If the game was as bad as everyone attempts to make out then surely they'd play it for several hours, regret that they purchased it, give it a bad review then leave it to be nothing more than a statistical +1 on # of games they own. They don't however, they spend weeks and months playing the thing every evening/weekend and why do they do this?The answer is simple, it's not a bad game. Far from it, the game is actually very good. Rome II has had A LOT of criticism from die-hard TW fans and I can understand why. There were many bugs on release, the AI should simply be called A as it's certainly not very intelligent and I sometimes find my saved games corrupt after each update. I dislike the city building (as cool as the sharing of structures within a region is) and think they should have kept it moreso like Shogun's. I hate how the game tends to be split entirely with the Tribes (Northern Eu) and the Greeks/Romans (South Eu) as if they are only 2 different playable factions within the game. What I mean is that all of the tribes feel the same, as do all of the Greek nations. So I wish there was more diversity between nations' units and structures. Also, would it be so hard as to create just a few more character models? Seeing an army of 10,000 tribesmen all with the same face and 1 of 2 haircuts is annoying as hell.All of these things frustrate me and this game could have been a lot better but, it's certainly not a bad game that we should all be trying to discourage others from buying, such as Infestation:Survivor stories. The original TW Rome was for many TW fans, the best in the franchise so Rome II had some pretty big boots to fill and unfortunately, many people feel that because it didn't give them that nostalgia they were seeking, ""the game sucked 0/10"". I don't think that is at all fair.Now, is Rome 2 my favourite TW? No, it isn't. I'm not going to lie but, it's certainly worth getting if you are a TW fan, or generally someone who enjoys RTS games. The graphics are definitely the best of all the TW games to date (I don't understand why so many people seem to think Shogun 2 had better graphics, maybe their computers are too sh*te to play Rome II on a high graphical setting) and the DLC is pretty much the same old generic content that you'd expect to find (extra factions and units etc), priced at the amount you'd expect it to be.Rome II is certainly a lot easier to mod than Shogun 2 was, so if you enjoy modding then you also have that going for you, which is nice. You're actually able to hide units now as hills and trees obscure line of sight. You no longer have to be in the forest to be hidden, simply the other side of them is enough. Many units now have multiple abilities, some even passively activate themselves, such as front line melee infantry letting loose a volley of javelins before charging in to battle without your intervention. Even though the AI isn't so intelligent, I still find it much less predictable than it was in Shogun 2 and diplomacy is key to surviving on higher difficulties so, choose your allies wisely or you can find the game to be quite brutal.I've personally enjoyed all those hours that I've clocked on Rome II and will enjoy many more in the future to come. If you're unsure about it, wait until a steam sale but you should certainly get it either way, so that you too can waste hundreds of hours of your own life building an empire to span the entirety of Europe! Killing and conquering all, like a boss."
,Not Recommended,214950,16709498,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ðiehard,"I dont think I will be playing Total War games after this entry.What used to be one of the most interesting, unique strategy games to play, is now just lifeless and dull.I'll try to keep it short.Pros:- Nicest looking campaign map in the series- Nice looking battlesCons:- Long wait times between turns- Time travels too quickly, your generals will die of old age before your war is even over- Seasonal gameplay removed- Simplified and boring politics and tech trees- Bad AI - Campaign, Battle, Siege, doesn't matter, it seems to be a downgrade from past AI- Removed mass from effecting chokepoints (in the old total war games, if you had 800 guys pushing on 50 trying to hold the gate, you could litterally slowly push them back until you can pour through the entry, now mass is no longer applied at all)- Diplomacy - You'd have an easier time negotiating a curfew with teenagers"
76561198040688059,Recommended,214950,23905973,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,nick12elleman,Great Game
,Recommended,214950,29094399,Posted: 7 January,all,KNIGHT'S CROSS,"I just spent 2 weeks play this game. The latest version are a really chanllenging. The AI in Campaign mode, Battle field, Culture and Economic system are awesome. Beside that some AI bug still happen. There is not much different in Multiplay battle compare to Rome I .If you like the strategic game,  this game is a must have!"
76561198050402382,Not Recommended,214950,24241943,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,1LostMuffin,"This was a buggy game when it launched, and it still has issues. The straw that broke the camel's back for me is when I go to end my turn, (The very first turn mind you) the game crashes. To end your turn is to end the game! This is a serious issue and I wouldn't get this game until it is fixed."
,Not Recommended,214950,12626100,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Bartleby,Broken at release and still meh. Go for Shogun II if you don't already own it and take this game as a warning not to pre-order Total War titles.Says I've spent over 60 hours playing this but in truth a good 20-30 of those were spent trying to get the game to run in a playable state at release.
76561198276908112,Recommended,214950,34279555,Posted: 16 August,all,Irish,loved this game... played the hell out of it so many mods! even got myself into modding stats and units + heroes only problem i've had with this game is the AI they are so stupid its unreal 98% you will need to attack them even as defenders.. when units waver chasing them off the map is annnoying seige battles are♥♥♥♥♥♥ i prefer to watch youtube videoes of seige battles because this game lacks to give me the satifaction
,Not Recommended,214950,17401981,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Mak,PIKEMEN ARE 2 STRONK CA PLZ NERFF
,Recommended,214950,16338439,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Will,"It's a fantastic Total war game. Yes, it was crap and full of bugs at release, over two whole years ago. It's been patched tirelessly and now it's great and with mods from the huge modding community is amazing. Don't let the haters who are still mad that they got burned 2 years ago put you off buying this game."
76561198087755863,Not Recommended,214950,10149462,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Travis Bickle,A perfectly good franchise ruined trying to become a CIV game.
,Recommended,214950,11369718,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Destroyer Of Worlds,"Great RTS game, for those who like ancient military history or aspire to be a genral this game is for you. although the game was plagued by bugs at the launch they've cleared up most of those and what remains is an excellent game with good graphics mechanics and replay value. 10/10, i almost soley play multiplayer but campaign is also great although the ai is a bit lacking."
,Recommended,214950,8492565,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kanzy,"I loved it, it had it's issues but I didn't mind them much, all totalwar games had issues for me, I enjoy the classical era and love how this one played out at the end, dumb AI is problamatic but thats nothing new for totalwar games."
,Recommended,214950,8563882,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Keweiler,"Has now played Total War: Rome II in over 200 hours and I can only say that it's a wonderful game.The game's graphics and its many cultures makes the game an exciting game that you do not tire of.The game deserves better rating than it has received, Total war Rome II has so many bugs in the beginning, but what game does not have it.But they've fixed a lot of bugs so the game is in very good shape.It is absolutely the best strategy game that's out thereWorth buying? Yes do it :)"
76561198023171847,Recommended,214950,15888829,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,✠ Apollyon ✠,"i spent  over 700 H at this game and its still not boring  . 700 H ! and still playing come people that mean something Great . Of caurse  i am playing with mods , i guess without them it won't be so  cool xD  , So a big Thanks to all Modders for  their Hard Work .MODs   made this Game so much better, so much more Realistc  and so much more BloodyBut Honestly the vanilla game sucks HARD only with mods this game is cool and that is the Sad thing in this vid you see some basics where CA has failed ( vanilla )https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_QK-lcW8a8if you played the game since relase you know what i mean and this guy is right . without Modders this game would be completly broken----------This is Sparta !------------------- Glory Awaits You ---------"
76561198027208916,Not Recommended,214950,12930735,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jdickman89,"This is a game in which the maintenance of a country is compelling and somewhat complex at times, but combat seems really lacking in control. Most of the times it's just me throwing units at other units and waiting with hope. Unlike Empires, the other total war game I have a lot of experience with, it seems like this game intends to encourage avoiding combat by any means other then auto-calculation."
,Not Recommended,214950,10492202,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Minsoso,"The game was okay, it's not as good as RTW or other TW titles but where they really went wrong is how they keep on releasing useless blatant cash-grab DLCs while refusing to make any significant changes to the base game which has numerous glaring flaws such as an ill conceived army system which limits gameplay options in return for nothing, failure to adapt the engine to properly portray ancient melee combat (all soldiers fight 1v1 like samurai and charges have no impact because the engine is from Empire Total War), the lack of a politics system, lack of diplomacy features that were present in previous games, lack of multiplayer progression which was by far the biggest part of their very previous title. I just don't understand this company. Suffice it to say I am never spending another dime on preordering a title from this company, or on another useless DLC for this disappointing product."
,Recommended,214950,32281715,Posted: 8 June,all,Heretic Thrasher,"Amazing game, absolutely amazing.I still play it after so long, it just has that historical vibe to it which attracts you towards it. Even after Attila, I still play this time to time."
,Not Recommended,214950,10739675,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Private_Gump98,"Don't buy this garbage. Horrible framerate, bad UI, bad campaigns, boring all around. I mean come on, this game came out in like 2013 and the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean I don't expect perfect quality when zooming in on individual soldiers but when zoomed out all the way the game still looks atrocious. This game was by far the worst pre-order I have ever made."
76561198015120982,Not Recommended,214950,10759459,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GR_Ilias_IT,"Most bugged out, slow total war game i ve experienced.Its a game that tries to come close to shine, close to show some ancient time greatness and splendour of war in a total war game but it fails to achieve that. instead a multitude of glithces , bugs ( and keep in mind i bought it on june 2014!).To make it fair though, the prologue and eatch singular campaigns are rather interesting and keep you involved, however on the grandcampaign it all starts being vague and detached to the point it gets plain boring... On top of it there are lots of moments that will test your nerves: UI getting grayed out forcing it to quit the game from the task manager, to the ai seemingly idiotic in siege battles, that they get stuck on walls despite having stairs ...ofcourse there is variety in units, factions , animations that on high end computers is always wonderful to watch, even though i havent yet noticed a concrete step forward since the last itinerations of the game series.All in all it has good graphics and has everything typical of a TW game. For that i would have given him my approval , but due to the points mentioned above it falls to my strong disfavour and i ll consider it the least well done tW i have played in the last years.  I ve waited much time to buy this in hope i would avoid the famous dire situation that this game was at release, but even now i cant praise it much , especially comparing to other total war games, which at least some of them were much more mature.  5/10 while CA get a big thumbs down on playing for the anticipation of this game in contrast to its realquality and then bombarding us directly with dlcs+ : graphics- ancient setting-variety - relatively dense map- animations, immersive prologue and dlc campaigns, army tradition-: bug ridden, dull after a while, AI without the ' i ', too many frustrations,  Bad UI ,  no country specific / culture voices of units like in shogun 2, Free troop transport systems"
,Not Recommended,214950,10762015,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Majorian,"A game I wanted to love so much but am unable to completely embrace, Total War: Rome II is largely a disappointing sequel. Being the successor to Rome: Total War, there are some pretty big shoes to fill. Yes, Rome II provides a splendid variety of units and the unique factions - an aspect which Shogun 2 lacked. Yes, it is a great leap in graphics in comparison to its predecessor. Unfortunately, the game's substance does not live up to the hype it generated prior to release, leaving much to be desired:1. The battle AI is subpar compared to its Shogun 2 counterpart. (Campaign AI is okay)2. The game is not well optimized unlike said Shogun 2, whose graphics are pretty comparable.3. The political system is more an annoyance which drains resources, and merely requires you to shuffle your generals around rather than being an actual mini game which requires proper strategizing and attention.4. The traits system for Generals are unlike Rome 1, which were honestly pretty perfect a formula with the outcome of battles directly influencing his characeristics.5. The immersion from pre-battle speeches is watered down to a mere monologue by some unit you have to manually zoom in towards.I wouldn't call this one a terrible game, it is pretty good without comparing to the other titles in the series - I still play it from time to time when I need my Rome fix. However, it is more style than substance, with prettier graphics masking a pretty unfinished/unpolished game that will never be able to meet its full potential. What a shame indeed.B-"
76561197977847652,Not Recommended,214950,11248777,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,cheatedgamer,"Please do not believe a word of Creative Assembly's description above - they make it sound like the greatest strategy game of all time. I see they are still asking $54.99 for this disingenuous mess. I read the above claims and realise that the gaming industry has plumbed new depths of cynicism and laziness. The game was broken on release, we all know that. Now a year of updates later and there is a clear split between die hards defending the game no matter what and people attacking it no matter what. I realise it will be difficult to get to the truth and  know if this is the game for you. I suggest you read as many of the posts as you can to get a better understanding of the problems. Also, you only have to look at what the modders are doing to try and add content to this game to realise how empty and vapid the whole thing is in vanilla, especially their much vaunted political system which is non-existent. You will not feel immersed or invested in the political and diplomatic system. The modders are guys working on their own time and providing material for free whereas CA release DLC that adds nothing to the game but charge you money for it. The modders are more hard working and dedicated to the idea of Rome II than Creative Assembly ever were or certainly are now. But the mods can cause problems with the vanilla build so you will have to be cautious there. The point of all of this, is that to get enjoyment out of this game you have to work, you have to research what mods you want and find work arounds for a plethora of issues and problems with de-synchs and AI etc. My opinion is that for $54.99 you should be getting a game that is a finished and polished product.  I for one will never be pre-purchasing anything on steam again. To sum up as best I can, the battle mechanics are now ok, and I believe if you just play multiplayer battles there is probably fun to be had here. However, if you want a rich and vibrant grand strategy game filled with political and military adventure and misadventure as advertised by CA you will not find it here. You will find a world that makes little sense, a world that is devoid of character and is not fun to be a part of. No amount of patches can fix what is ultimately wrong with this game - that is, at it's core, at it's heart, you will find it doesn't have one."
76561198232209448,Not Recommended,214950,24286129,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Shammy,Rome 1 is better (which isn't saying much) than this piece of pooh that took 2 or 3 years to fix (almost) after release. If it weren't for the mods the game would be horrible.  Now it's just bad.I'll never buy another Total War or CA game again.  Job well done.
76561198004022855,Recommended,214950,22889423,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,maldorf,"I have played all but one of the Total War games and I think this is a great addition. My only complaint is that diredting units on the battlefield can still be clunky but no more so than the other games in the series and in fact I would say it is a bit better in this edition than others.It seems fairly well optimized for my PC, but I did have to turn down some of the graphics settings for the big battles when I had troop number maxes out. I run a GTX 760 though and I imagine if you have a 900 series card you should be able to play all maxed out. I got 121 hours of play out of this and did not even do the last scenario in Sparta. I may play that campaign later after a break, 121 hours and I think I have had enough for a bit, lol! I recoomend you get this game if you like the other games in the series. I had a great time with this."
,Recommended,214950,8408052,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Draetor,"This game has bugs and it does have features that weren't the smartest move since Shogun 2; however, the game has a fun factor that trumps all of its downfalls.CA implemented certain features in this total war game that will make it harder to play older TW games, and they did in fact put in more beneficial and simpler features than poorly implemented ones.  The game suffers from AI problems and other misc bugs, and I feel it's not nearly as polished as Shogun 2 (one of the most polished TW games after expansions/patching imo), but it has a way better campaign, factions, unit rosters, building/culture rosters, and other features that make it a lot more fun than Shogun 2.I wrote a positive review about Shogun 2 before, claiming it to be the best TW game released ever, and while that's true for the most polished and bug-free total war ever, I feel that Rome 2 will become the better game if it continue to be patched positively.So in summary, I feel Shogun 2 is the better polished and bug-free game.  Rome 2 is the more fun game and better campaign with more interesting units.  It just needs help to improve and polish it."
76561198056802346,Not Recommended,214950,10488375,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mlembrant,"why didn't they just improve the classical Rome total war.. with better graphics and physics.. that's all.. why did they have to make like.. a totaly different game? I was betrayed! I hope many people will pirate this game! It's boring.. i can't personaly attach my self to anything.. it's so.. blend and it feels casual.. but the map is huge and you just force yourself to ""conquer"" it .. I found my self fighting with feelings like ""hey.. it has amazing graphics.. yeh, but fighting kinda sux.. I know, but look at the new politics now.. I see but i liked the old ones more.. Hey you can poison a well in the village.. sure, but where are the family trees.. i'd like to LIKE someone! .. You can upgrade your generals... But they feel IMPERSONAL..""I even tried to get drunk and play like i'm used to play Rome 1 .. oh .. it doesn't work.. it just p....... me more! Fights are joke.. it feels like the soldiers are just standing or walking.. eventually i see a duel.. and it's like instant K.O.In Rome 1 there were so many sweet moments and soldiers were swinging swords, making damage to enemies.. thats fine with me.. i don't need a duels if it means that those are going to be happening ocassionaly, while others are just running around waiting for one enemy to ""join"" a duel. Im so sad i paid that much money, then waited so long for updates.. and now it still feels like ... some generic game about romans that you play few times and forget.. I love Rome 1 and tried to love Rome 2.. but no.. i can't fake feelings.. It looks nice.. good graphics.. enemy react to you ..he can kick you behind.. but that was happening in Rome 1 too and it was obvious part of the game.. so much hyp for this. I'd like to see my city im building, it was possible in R1, You could recognize individual buildings too..  or i'd like to know that one of my generals is a drunker! i miss those things, it was original! you know what.. im going to pull out my old dusty Rome 1 DVD and Im going to go back to the past... again.. just like I do with 98% of the modern games that come out in last 3 years! that's it, Im not buying any modern games! I have spent soooo much money for a stroooong and powerful PC and all for nothing...PS: message to developers: we, the gamers, are not dummies, please, don't implement stuff that simplifies games, because all the fun and thrill is gone and we, the gamers, will stop buying Your boring games.."
76561198018576967,Not Recommended,214950,9965630,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Towll,Not a good total war. The AI still stackspams even when it is clearly impossible for them to do so and their battle AI leaves much to be desired as well.
76561198015166626,Not Recommended,214950,9809755,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,cлава за България,"I have played every TW game since Rome 1. This game the let down of the century. The campaign UI is so bad I couldn't get over it, the AI in battles was a joke even at max difficulty. The game is buggy etc. I would recommend playing Rome 1 with mods if you really want a good anicent era TW game."
76561197993155871,Not Recommended,214950,21767218,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ZrenZ,"I have been eagerly anticipating this game since it was annouced by sega, when it finally came out I was so overjoyed I skipped school just to spend the entire day playing it. After playing a few battles in the campaign I made a painful and excruciating conclusion that this game is a piece of trash compared to their previous games in the series, theres so much problem with the game I dont know where to begin but the most unforgivable problem I found with the game was that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine their using. its so horrible it completely breaks my immersion in the game, gone were the solid line of phalanxes and roman formations as they were replaced with moshpits. In the end I consider rome 2 the weakest and most dissapointing game in the franchise. (The emperor edition made it slightly better but its still not enough to win me back)"
,Recommended,214950,7852046,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sooks,Wait till this game is around 20$ and then it is totally worth it.
76561198005929851,Recommended,214950,22856669,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Chickent0wn,Got this a lot later than release date. A lot of hate towards how buggy it was etc. but it's always been fine for me. Lags a bit in city battles but that's it.A solid total war game at the end of the day and well worth buying now.
76561198014369723,Not Recommended,214950,17454452,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,TaLL,"Not a bad game by any stretch but definitly a step-down from Total War : Shogun 2 and the Fall of the Samurai. There is a huge map with large number of opponents but it all feels more oppressive than grand. If you're willing to put a hundred or so hours into the game it will most probably be rewarding but as there is no short-campaign option, more time-challenged gamers will find this too slow paced. The need for large investments of time in each game you play means that it can be almost impossible to see why one faction differs from another (apart from starting position) as the bonuses don't add up to large gains very quickly.The unit cards used as displays for what is in your army don't differ enough and the user interface is unusually cluttered without actually revealing any more information than the previous games in the series did. All in all it means the user will have to have a very long look at the game's encyclopedia before any action takes place.The parent company, Creative Assembly, have continued to release patches for this game but have also continued charging a high price ($80 AUSD base game + $7 AUSD for factions/unit packs +  $14+AUSD for campaigns) coupled with core-game features needlessly hidden behind DLC (Blood and Gore, All the faction packs for the grand campaign). Imperetor Augustus campaign is a good free DLC and there should have been more for free up to the point of writing this.Overall 2.5/5 - The tighter combat and map design in Shogun 2 was more to my liking. I live in a place in Australia were online play is unstable so I can't comment on this game's multiplayer."
76561197964239426,Not Recommended,214950,17058666,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Silsila,"I love the Total war series but I can't for my life enjoy Rome 2.This is the third time I've given the game a chance and I thought I'd play it as you're ""supposed to"", as a Roman.The whole game is hindered by it's terrible, uninformative UI design that is more confusing than helpful.Sea battles are horribly clunky, unresponsive and just plain annoying. Also, ramming is the way to go, over and over again until everything dies.it feels like the AI cheat. I had a province rebel at me, they attack it unguarded and managed to size controll with a minor force which took quite heavy casualties. The next turn I engaged the same army with around 1k troops only to be faced by 1800 which had suddently magically appeared. And the Rebels where more trained than my standing army!Later on I dealt with rebels, took the city back but had to fight public disorder which I couldn't lower in any way.So I ended up in war with neighbouring countrys, moved my army away from the town and BAM! New rebel army stormed in and sized controll once again without any kind of warning.Then Carthago attacked.I sailed out to engage one of their minor fleets. Didn't have the movement point to engage them two meters away from port for unknown reason so my fleet stopped in the middle of the ocean, surrounded by enemy fleets.This is when I notice that the army I'd told to garison the town, was loaded on ships following my fleet. I had never told them to load onto the boats at any time during the campaign.Needless to say, it was a slaughter.And this is a few turns after I tried for several turns to get another army onto another fleet but couldn't do it for unknown reason again.It's so frustratingly unintuative, uninformative, cluttered and clunky that I can't even play for an hour without tearing my hair.And on top of that, the whole game look like two steps backwards in graphical quality compared to Shogun 2.I seriously can't understand how they ♥♥♥♥ed up so badly on every level when you look at their last game!"
76561198031054953,Recommended,214950,9675217,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Amdis,"Total war makes the best strategy games in my opinion, and they didnt fail to amaze me once again with a great game. Total war rome 2 is a great game and i dont get why some people are so negative about it. It has a few bugs in it okay thats true but its still a great strategy game. The battles dont take to long to load, the campaign map is also great. But the only negative thing is that the diplomacy options are not that great BUT if you download a mod for that then it will get better. I would realy like the total war team to add diplomacy options like : Trading city's with other factions and make the faction surrender and give all of their lands to you. But its still a great strategy game and i reccomend buying it.Grade: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,9161106,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,=[EqE]=hoffiger.sh1,Distant to the quality of previous TW games.
76561197995202100,Not Recommended,214950,19371359,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tixios,It is not nearly as good as it should be. Even after 2 years of patching.As it is now its worth 10 € or less.If you want reasons as to why go watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy5GRaHzFnI
76561198052294202,Not Recommended,214950,8971897,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Dahmok,This game was released way before it was even close to being ready.It bites off more than it can chew and suffers greatly because of it.Is it good?It could be after it has been fully patched.Not worth the purhcase right now. Wait until after July 2014
,Recommended,214950,8136404,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Saint Scylla,"Rome 2 is another step in the TW series towards a wider audience. Quick sum up:+ a large world map ranging from Ireland to India including a lot of historically accurate details+ heavy emphasis on cultural differences in tech trees, unit rosters and faction strategies (eg Hoplites aren't available to non-Greek factions unless as rare and expensive mercenaries)- the unit variety has been improved since Shogun 2 but remains poor compared to older TW games- a good deal of game mechanisms included in previous episodes have been ""streamlined"" (publisher slang for ""butchered""). The end game is much simpler to manage. Winning a campaign isn't as challenging as it used to be.- the siege AI sucks just as usual... nothing to see here, move along.+ rich and highly detailed graphics, especially the combat animations, for what it mattersVeterans may be disappointed and you'll sometimes face some frustrating issues, but to be fair Rome 2 offers great fun overall. It's also the sort of games which can keep you busy for hundreds of hours. Bugfixes and community mods can only help though!"
76561197995706862,Not Recommended,214950,8309351,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HazardHawk,"Shogun was an idea made real.  Medieval was a work of Pride.  Rome was a work of Passion and Excellence.  Medieval 2 was thrown together from the scraps of Rome on a new graphics engine, but still was only Rome remade with modders taking Medieval 2 in all kinds of imagined directions.  Empire was focused to take away the ability to truly mod rather than focused on greatness.  Shogun 2 was a cheap copy of Medieval 2 Kingdoms and only a partial game lacking luster.  Rome 2 was thrown together in greed without much attention paid to detail and without the passion of Pride."
76561198007433570,Recommended,214950,8839290,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,=(e)= Lemonater47,"It had a HORRIBLE release but, the devs seen to care and they know they screwed up. After 9 major patches and a few minor ones the game is much better. And they continue to patch the game, sorta listning to the community. Theres still a few issues but in comparison to setember 3rd its a whole new game. Theres still room for improvment. So if the game goes on sale thats the time to pick it up.The game features a Smarter AI than previous games. Its oppurtunistic and crafty. It also considers the result of its actions with other factions with diplomacy and each has an agenda. in battles they adapt and have formations. They wont suicide charge their generals like in shogun 2.Attacking walled settlements is what the AI struggles with. But they'll fix that like they fixed the rest of the AI."
76561198090511482,Recommended,214950,26314886,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,bewaywardman,"Just excellent, since launch is now a well polished game with huge options all around, extremely satisfying with a lot of depth"
76561197970522809,Not Recommended,214950,11298962,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Alilua,"I want to like this game so much, but it is a let down on many fronts. Rome 1 is better despite the dated graphics. Shogun 2 is better and you get more for your money. Overall an ok game brought down by cutting corners, bugs, and missing features. Also much of the game needs to be bought through dlc which is pretty lame. Battles are odd even after many months of patching. Campaign is 'streamlined' to a point how mcdonalds cheeseburger patties are streamlined steaks. This is the weakest game besides the weird mobile/tablet games. Unless you want to have nice looking soldiers fighting from ancient history I would pass on this. Overall 4/10 reviewed on 7-18-14 which is after countless patches. FIghts feel like amoebas smooshing up against one another till one group routes. The pr and hype put into this game rests on seriously criminal.tl:dr 4/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,32900615,Posted: 27 June,all,Tarabas,"DON'T buy this game, expecially if you're planning on playing the multiplayer campaign. Just don't.The amount of bugs (4 years after release, FOUR YEARS) is just ridiculous, some of them are even gamebreaking. Savegames that continuously get corrupted preventing you from moving the camera on the map or even worse telling you that you and the host have incompatible versions of the game. Moreover, it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of DLCS. Stupid♥♥♥♥♥ones.""PLAY AS 3 CULTURES MORE! that would be 10 bucks, thank you.""This is my experience so far with this game: in short, when bugs don't break the game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI or stupid game design choices do it.""Oh, so you like forging your own story, change the course of history and create a badass empire? LOL get rekt, have a scripted civil war as soon as you reach 30 provinces with rome"".""I see you having fun with the game, it would be a shame if your huge food surplus got in negative digits from one moment to the other, without any plausible reason besides being near endgame"".""I see you have allies and you care for them, that's nice! Oh, so you conquered that region and want to give it to your allies as a gift or just so you can be shielded? WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT, YOU CAN'T DO THAT!""BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!*a faction gets destroyed and it's left with one ship and no regions---> the ship declares war on me, from the other side of the map**a faction, with other people's regions in between us and without having military access with them, keeps declaring war on me and after realizing they can't get to me trying to make peace EVERY. ♥♥♥♥ING. TURN.**a faction keeps asking me a defensive alliance. Nothing wrong with it, if they weren't ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CONTINENT AND MOREOVER ASKING ME FOR MONEY TO GET IN THE DEFENSIVE ALLIANCE"".I could go on for quite a bit.How many years have passed since the incredibly good Medieval 2: total war? This game has far less features and content despite being a lot newer. The graphics aren't even that much better as well. You done ♥♥♥♥ed it up.TL;DR ♥♥♥♥ you Creative Assembly."
76561198093025224,Not Recommended,214950,8480209,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Grandad Law,Total letdown from the Total war series... shame
76561198042634957,Not Recommended,214950,29756671,Posted: 6 February,all,ÐåŕķMệşşịäħ,"This sums it up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Djlc6uHTVmYNo wine in the entire Caesar in Gaul campaign map when it's required for several buildings...0/10.After wiping out every single faction in the entire Caesar in Gual campaign as well as conquering every settlement possible it never congratulated me on my military victory for winning... Why? Because it was waiting for me to make atleast ""80 units"" for some stupid ""chapter objective"" quest that in my opinion was irrelevant. In other words I could have won the campaign with only conquering half the map instead of the entire map... lame.Also my guy clearly stabbed Julius Caesar in the face in the cut scene on the main map and he's still alive... On top of that the advisor said 3 times ""The enemy general is dead"" in 3 seperate battles against Julius Caesar and he's magically alive on the campaign map. He didn't die until I wiped out the entire Roman faction...I would have liked to seen armored war dogs (yes that existed) as well and why would the carthaginians not be able to use armored war elephants? That was available in Rome 1 and now you take it away and make them seem as if they were far behind technological wise? Also war dogs have horrible path finding where they easily get stuck on large siege equipment and seem to be extremely stupid and untrained as they run straight into spears in a phalanx formation rather then flanking when there's no one beside that unit...Much better:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7Oibcmr81Y"
76561198007367554,Not Recommended,214950,7903377,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[MR] Guarddog,"I have owned and played all but the shogun total wars, and this is by far the worst of them all. I still play Rome: total war and enjoy it even though it was never that difficult on single player. the system to build the towns is rather confusing at first and is overly complicated. Why did it have to change from the old system? I mean if it ain't broke don't fix it. Also, the general and troop recruiting system is also overly complicated. I could see the limiting of generals and admirals and making them more important (barely used them in the first Rome), but why did they have to change the recruiting system? Now i can't have an army in hostile territory and reinforce them with troops trained in the nearest city. If they would have kept the recruiting system and building system from the original Rome and simply expanded on them I would never stop playing. I do love the grand scale of the map and the choosing of techs, but there is so many other things wrong (especially the auto resolve) that I have barely played this. I looked forward to this for years and I am overwhelmingly disappointed."
76561197988840650,Not Recommended,214950,8420656,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,GHOST TRAIN,"Right now this game is inferior in every way to the original Rome: Total War. CA are working on various fixes to the AI and performance, but if it's anything like Shogun 2 it will take at least another year, or possibly 2, to fix this game. Do not pay peak price for this."
76561198037986138,Not Recommended,214950,9196116,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Barc,"Just play RTWIso many features that should've been in this game, aren't.can't negotiate on provinces (which bascily means that if an ally helps you vs one of your enemies, and he captured a settlement, you have to attack him inorder to capture it yourself.)other factions really, but i mean REALLY don't want trade agreements with you, even if you're tight as bros.agents skill tree could've been much better. (generals' also)traits system sucks and has nothing to do with the way you play.family tree??? (pretty much a no-brainer)other families in your faction seem to have different gold source than you, but when its war with a different faction, the gold on troops goes from your own pool? wtf is that even?besides this they didn't add the super cool stuff RTWI had, that really made you get in the game theme.city view for settlements?choosing your capital? (but they also took out the distance from capital thingy, so i guess its fair)setting an heir?wonders of the ancient world?if you're new to the series, all these probably won't bother you."
76561198007288726,Not Recommended,214950,8301603,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Botu,"This is the first review I have ever written, and probably the last one. But I am so disappointed with this game that I feel that I must do it.As you can see in my profile, I have been trying desperately through hours and hours of playing, to make this game enjoyable, remembering how wonderful and superb this saga was with Rome I and Medieval 2. If I had never known and played his two predecessor (rome I and Medieval 2), I think I should have enjoyed rome 2, but I knew them and I loved them. Then, the question is inevitable: how can Rome 2 be such a big failure? (yes, it is a big failure, no matter how more patches you bring). Here is my answer directly to Creative Assembly:- DO NOT RELEASE a BROKEN GAME. I can forgive you the first time, with EMPIRE, but AGAIN AND AGAIN this is a JOKE.- If you do NOT KNOW to CODE a  IA to build correctly buildings so they do not auto-kill starving each of his armies… DO NOT ADD this feature to the game!. Or just make the IA CHEAT and give it infinite FOOD!.- IF I play Rome, I expect to fight cataphracts of Partia, or phalanx from Macedon, not ALWAYS LEVY Pikemen, LEVY archers, LEVY swordsmen…  AGAIN, If you DON´T KNOW how to CODE a decent AI, make it CHEAT so they can SPAWN ELITE units.- Reconsider about making strategy games with the absolutely brain-insanity features like:- If I AMBUSH an enemy army I can only use ONE army. (I usually force march my armies to engage IA armies one to one..  It´s crazy!).- A spy can poison an entire army of elite+veteran units with a high chance. Where´s the epic in that?. I wan´t “TOTAL WAR”!!!.- A spy/diplomat/heroe can´t STOP my army from moving from turn to turn. Where´s the epic in that???. I wan´t TOTAL WAR!!!.- …  don´t make me continue…Finally, I must say, because it is true, with all this flaws and design errors, this is a 7/10 game. But as I have written at the beginning, I will always remember Rome 1 and Medieval 2, and I KNOW how GOOD it COULD HAVE BEEN if you have done your work correctly. You have FAILED us, your hardcore fans, and you have FAILED…. HORRIBLY…   And there is nothing you can´t say or apologies to give to erase that in my memory. Please, I beg you, learn the lesson, and try to live and work true to the legacy of games like Rome 1, Medieval 2, Shogun, …."
76561197977068032,Recommended,214950,8992327,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Br.Des,"Having been a fan of the TW series ever since Shogun 1 I simply couldn't miss Rome II. So after waiting for a while to have some major bugs fixed, I finally decided to give the game a try.The first thing I noticed at a faction choosing screen is that there were no hints as to what military strengths and special units each faction has, like in previous games. A minor disappointment, but a disappointment nonetheless.So, after the game loaded I proceeded to make my first turn. I've always been taking my sweet time in such games, but even then I was surprised that my very first turn took a whole hour. The reason is a completely new interface (minimization is being popularised too much for my tastes in the later years), new features, and the lack of some old ones. After that one hour I decided to play the prologue first, which took me 10 hours, by the way, and didn't explain any of the things I wanted to find out.So, what's there to notice in general:* You can't hire units without a general, nor you can move your armies without one. No more quick reinforcements from the heart of your empire. No more splitting your army to catch up to some weaker enemy armies with your cavalry. Speaking of which, I didn't notice a type of units affecting the overall army speed like in previous games, where hiring a siege weapon greatly reduced the army speed. But maybe that's just me.* Diplomacy has been significally cut. No more political marriages between the factions, no open map trade, no city trade. The only way to get a settlement in Rome II is to capture it, you can't purchase it from other factions anymore.* Several close-located settlements form provinces now. Each province consists of a city, where you can build your most advanced buildings, and 1-3 villages. Happiness is spread throughout the settlements you own in that province. Culture is spread throughout the whole province no matter how many factions own it. Which, in turn, can make alliances a little less effective, because you would obviously aim at owning provinces in whole, without having your ally spreading his culture to your cities, thus affecting a public happiness.* You can't adjust tax rates for each province exclusively anymore. The tax rate is the same throughout your faction. The only thing you can do is to exclude a province from tax collection.* There is no more faction family tree. Totally. The ony people your faction consist of are generals, admirals, and senators, which are fully interchangeable (a general can become an admiral, then a senator, etc.), and there is no confirmation as to whether they are even blood related.* Agents have become more useful. The main reason to that is because they can't die during a mission. At all. The worst thing that could happen to your agent after a failed assassination attempt is the agent being wounded and coming back to work in a couple turns. The only ways to lose an agent are him being assasinated or manipulated with an enemy agent. By the way, manipulating enemy dignitaries to join you is somewhat strange. I managed to capture a druidess and have her spread Latin culture the very next turn. Really?..* Even after so much time since the release of the game it has still got a lot of bugs. So don't be surprised if you get a critical error after winning a long and tough battle.The overall rating:If you are a fan of TW series, I'd still recommend to play Shogun 2 instead. Too many features have been stripped, not many new added in their place. But if you are new to the series and have nothing to compare it to, the game itself is good enough to spend a couple weeks on."
,Recommended,214950,7991527,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Hety,"All in all Rome 2 is OK. There are breatkthroughs and some stuff is broken. I wont go deep into details, but overall thats what i see:Good stuff:1. Provinces. Allows to manage the map effectively. Its a good thing, really, and i like it a lot.2. Overland map rocks. Its really beautiful.3. Squalor system needs osme balancing, but, in general, its fine.4. Battles are gorgeous. Really.5. Can still play on my crappy notebook :)Bad stuff:1. No walls for small cities. Makes me wanna cry.2. No ""friendly fire"" icon when your missile units wtfpoon your own infantry.3. ""Magical"" battle map abilities. I believe there is too much micro in using those.4. Naval battles ramming sucks. Maybe its my fault, but i just cant get it straight.All in all this game still needs tons of polishing (mods are there and some of them are good) and it will be a gem."
,Not Recommended,214950,10760698,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Srbosjek,"SHAMEFUL DISPLAY! This is worst total war game ever. Terrible AI, stripped features like family tree or city management, meaningless diplomacy and politics. All the pre-release promises was liesAnd instead of fixing game, they sell ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, overpriced DLC which must be already in gameThis game is definitely not worth any money. Go buy Rome 1 instead"
,Not Recommended,214950,8902764,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Alienpope,"I've been a HUGE total war fan for over 10 years. I've played Creative Assembly's games for 100s upon 100s of hours. Rome 1 was legendary! Medieval 2 was grand! Shogun 2 was beautiful! Rome 2 is................ the product of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, stupid, ugly and lack of creativity (oh the irony) all smashed into one. HOW DID THIS HAPPEN CA?I will put this review in different categories. I will compare this product to other total war games. (My playthroughs have been on the hardest difficulty.)The campaign: You start of as a small faction with a limited amount of armies. As you capture more and more cities you get stronger. Pretty basic for a strategy game isn't it? However... you'd expect the AI doing the same right? So you wont steam-roll the whole map once you get strong enough to do so. In shogun 2 there would be atleast 3 other factions in the endgame who would give you a challange. In rome 2 this never happens! Not even a single great empire rises. The AI is almost non-existant! Its like playing chess against a 2 year old!The battles: Where you are supposed to have the most fun! THE BATTLES! It is here where you the tacitical mastermind can shine! And yes! you do shine! ALL THE TIME! Is it because you outsmarted the AI? YES! and no... Outsmarting the AI in this game is like outsmarting a potato. Either the AI doesn't move at all (mostly this happens in sieges) or the AI do the most stupid moves not even you can think of.Does the battles look epic? yes kinda. The projectiles look awesome! how the stick to the shields, bodies and bounce off things. But the actuall melee look like a mess. soldiers rubberbanding all over the place and bugging out. Soldiers now only fight 1vs1. Which is a downgrade from Rome 1. that game was made 10 YEARS AGO! In rome 1 armies clashed realisticly. In rome 2 armies clash and morph into a huge epileptic seizure.Graphics: The graphics is good. It isn't outdated or anything... but compared to Shogun 2 it is basicly nothing. Shogun 2 had great lighting effects, an amazing set of colors, beautiful water effects and so on. Rome 2 have all that completely removed. They've put in some cool facial animations... or so they say. Never really seen it. other than their mouths opening and closing from time to time.Last words: This game is build upon a game engine designed for Empire total war. That shows. the projectiles works great! But that's about it... The melee was never a key focus for this engine. And thus the battles look stupid and kill immersion as soon as armies clash. If you haven't been a total war fan you might find this game fun. If you are a total war fan and know what this series can do.... then... You will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ As many fans are."
,Recommended,214950,7746043,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kyrefractíon,"During the rather buggy launch, I was quite unhappy with Rome 2, I had FPS issues even on low settings which made the great looking campaign map a pain to go through, all the models had stupid faces and the naval combat was terrible. But the game has been patched alot now and I feel it's a better game than what it was but it still could be better.Campaign Map:The map during the turn based sections is incredible, the Hyperbolic terrain really makes the different areas feel truely different. It is also huge, From Western spain all the way to Iran in the east - although it isn't as big geographically as the Empire: Total War map, it does feel alot bigger. It would have been alot better with seasons though, which should have been put in there anyway. The cities are huge on the map and you can expand them to fit more buildings but this is so rarely used and the animation is so short that it isn't that important. Foreign nations in the game are way too peaceful, in my Current campaign as the Roxolani on Very Hard I have been declared war on only once right at the beginning of the campaign, In my first campaign as Rome I didn't lose 1 city throughout to the whole campaign on normal and I don't think any nation declared war on me at all, It does get very boring after a bit so I'd advise playing on harder difficulties. The A.I. also very annoyingly requests stupid things for insane amounts of money which makes ending the turn a pain as you can't just leave it for a bit because it gets stuck on them diplomatic requests.Battle:The battles in this compared to the other Total wars are fast; Units brake quite quickly so I find myself using the slow motion sometimes just to command my troops quick enough. The A.I. is quite stupid still - especially in sieges, E.G. they run to the front of the gates sometimes and just stare at it whilst being cut down by archers. The battles aren't particuarly hard either, in my Roxolani campaign and my Rome Campaign I could defeat armies twice the size of mine with just simple flanking and skirmishing as the Roxolani or just standing in formation and letting the opponents attack whilst doing obvious flanking manoeuvers as Rome. The Terrain and the models during the battles do look great and the fighting animations seem ok, but again, they happen too fast so you don't really see them.Creative Assembly (or SEGA) acting like EA:With all these DLC's Creative Assembly is basically screwing people over. Paying to get factions which should be there for free is insane. The series does seem to be going downhill. An Example of these terrible choices is the Blood and Gore DLC, it should have been an option in the main game already! This sort of stuff is that DLC Quest mocks and it is a shame because Total war is one of my favourite franchises.I really can't decide whether to reccomend this or not as it isn't that bad of a game, but I know it could have been so much more. If you are going to buy it wait for a big sale or a proper price drop. This game does get alot of hate and I understand why, but I still enjoy it as it is still a Total war game, but I feel this game is good by its franchise heritage but not its individuality. If you don't have Shogun 2 or any other Total war games and want a Total war game, get Shogun 2 first, then the others."
76561198041721455,Not Recommended,214950,4776203,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,For Fun In Games,"the day this game came out was a black day in total war history..... Never, again, NEVER did i thingk they would fk up this great looking game, but they did...Dont buy it if you know the total war series, if you never play'd any befor then only buy it if you want overeasy battel ai and crashes of game and pc for no reason what so everthis is a sad sad day......... :("
76561197981512797,Recommended,214950,9138545,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Eremin,"Clunky early release aside (which seems to be becoming the industry standard as of late - I'm looking at you EA!), it did take a while for this game to get patched up to playable standard. Initially plagued by poor performance and lacklustre AI, this game made you want to run back to Shogun 2's ample bosom. However, several months in the frame rate issues have been fixed and even the AI has seen some improvements making the game very playable and enjoyable indeed. Having said that, I have yet to sample the computer's siege-game logic in my Iceni campaign!The bottom line is - if you are a fan of Total War, you won't be disappointed."
76561198046996819,Recommended,214950,5252016,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Acoolguy,one of the best strategy  games out there
76561198008847479,Not Recommended,214950,7529139,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,[Grognard]_Seimour,"Completely and utterly debased attempt at cashing in with DLC on a broken game that no amount of patches can fix. It doesnt matter if they correct the massive amount of bugs, the game is broken by its core mechanics that are unimaginative and made to appeal to bribed critics who will play less than 2 hours."
76561198079938954,Not Recommended,214950,8286115,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Emperor Weisser,"Don't buy this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, first off, all of their trailers are false. Excelling at the art of showing off their products with preset battles. While in game it's a mess, the AI have no brain, the seiges are pointless, there is a flag in the middle (where you spawn) so their is no choice of where to fight. This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i've owned most of the total war games, and this is it. I'm not going to be buying any more"
76561197993999276,Recommended,214950,9040843,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,CrossToxin,Bugs get frusterating fast but good game lots of action
76561197968791017,Recommended,214950,9891720,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,EnIgMa99,Rome wasn't patched in a day
76561198049019157,Recommended,214950,5392206,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,badluckthao,With all the updates that came out. This game turned out really decent. No huge bugs and turns come faster unlike before when it would take 5 minutes just to get back to your turn again.
,Recommended,214950,14762576,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mar45690,Great game overall.... with mods that is.Though mods have been the savior of mostif not ALL TW games8/10
,Recommended,214950,7896707,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Jimlawl,"After playing for 500+ hours, I can only say this is the worst game in the series. Half the features that made the previous Total War games epic were removed (Family tree, seasons, deep character building, agent videos, faction intros), followed by terrible design decisions (Metal-blowing torches that can destroy gates, magical abilities that can make entire armies rout without any sense at all, Civil Wars that spawn 12 stacks of elite armies in your capital, Armies being able to move across the sea just by walking into it, 2500 base income allowing tiny village factions to destroy superpowers, etc), and bugs/performance issues everywhere.The only good 'things' about the game were expected to be there regardless like better graphics, tech tree, naval battles, no 300 bc Egyptians.Rome II, 1 step forward, 10 steps backward.Edit: After a year of updates, the game is finally playable and most bugs/performance issues/poor gameplay designs have been sorted out. There's only a few inconveniences left such as torches, lack of family tree, shallow character building (3 traits and 1 ancillary only, 2 traits if you include political promotions), but at least they tried.Game went from 2/10 to 8/10 as of Emperor Edition release."
76561198009442137,Recommended,214950,8739199,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Smed,"Rome 2 is a fine continuation of the proud Total War series, but it could be so much more. It added new features that are very exciting to explore, like the new Line-of-Sight function, the province system, the internal politics, the army progression and other stuff, but a refinement of these points is necessary. That the internal politics is nearly just a mask of the realm divide, as there is no way of avoiding civil war through clever play (and the fact that you are better off just ♥♥♥♥ing with the system and getting it over with early) and that politics disappear after the single civil war, is just a shame. It could have been an extremely fascinating feature for the campaign play, which has always lacked after the battles in total war games. I have absolutely no idea why they did not add governors to the game, as they could both add to the politics and the new province system.Overall, the experience is quite fun, if you don't experience any of several game shattering bugs and that they are continuing to update the game should make for a very fine game in the end. I just hope they learn from this games' mistakes and improve upon the newly added features in their next game."
,Recommended,214950,11203673,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,banana banana,spend more time playing this game than playing with my fidget spinner10/10
76561198309745551,Recommended,214950,24336023,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,mrhart1989,"An amazing game. A more  advanced game than Medival total war. There are many factions to play, with lots of different units. Many hours of fun."
,Not Recommended,214950,21034592,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,nopinkcreations,Rome was not built in a day but this game certainly was. 6/10
76561198051065449,Not Recommended,214950,10963334,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Robbing Hoods,Let down
,Recommended,214950,10792137,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Margraviate of Brandenburg,"This game is awesome. All of the people who say it was terrible were the people that rushed CA so they had to release rome II early, unfinished, as they still worked on the game. Then the people said the game was crap. Well you rushed them and made them release an unfinished game! Next, the patches covered up almost all glitches, but ones like after a character ranks up they turn grey indefinatly, or the character rank often doesn't show are still remaining, but almost all are gone, and people are STILL complaining. And even the people that do hate it have played 300 hours of it, and posted about 10 youtube videos of them playing it. And yes, they removed the family tree, that sucks, but there are so many new features! Like how people need attention, or recruiting mercenaries,  which all are just awesome! Anyone who hates this game just seems like a 5 year old supporting his opinion even though he has been proved wrong."
76561198077420652,Recommended,214950,10880601,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,granthawes,this game was good.  it was fun playing it.  i liked watching stuff die.  death is funny.  i laugh when things die.  hahahaha.
,Recommended,214950,11119469,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Grunkoh,"Good pathing, good controls of the game, easier grouping, and better formation controls. Basically it improved total wars overall battle to an easier yet more advanced system. The campaign side of the spectrum is a massive and the newly added faction system makes for a worthwhile event that will keep you from just building up troops and picking your generals properly. Overall with all the patches it's one of the best total wars to date."
76561198044945323,Recommended,214950,10771915,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mister Tom,"i have always been a big fan of the total war franchise, and this game didnt disapoint. at first i found it difficult to get into it, it comes across as being complicated etc, however after my second attempt at getting into the game i instantly loved it, everything comes together and you realise that you have to be more tactical and efficeint than the other total wars. dont be disheartened at first the game will grow on you and you will get the hang of it and become a true total war master!"
76561197999113864,Not Recommended,214950,12195026,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Plugubius,"Did they fix the bugs? No. Fixing some of the bugs, but leaving game-killing bugs in place does not count as fixing the bugs. One of the main bugs was the inability to disembark naval units despite the presence of space on the map. I held off buying Rome II because of the problems with Shogun II, and got the Empire Edition. First playthrough, and I can't disembark my units in the Prologue. I also can't pull the ships back and try again. So, all the time I spent getting to that point has been wasted.  So I would recommend holding off on buying this game for another year and then check back to see if the bugs are fixed. I feel burned by CA over this, since the Empire Edition was supposed to be their ""we've got all of the bugs worked out"" edition, not their ""we need more of your to buy our buggy game"" edition."
76561198047280616,Recommended,214950,8706451,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Autism,Purty good if played with mods. Otherwise they release dlc for a game that isnt finished which is just daft
76561197970515232,Not Recommended,214950,420098,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Bad Luck Bloodaxe,"at first i thought this game was crap but was fixable, but...9 patches, each with a list over 100 ""improvements"" (most of which dont even tackle what the majority will have issues with) im finding this game hopeless. it is the worst game ive ever bought in my entire life, dont make the same mistake. if you ask me to rank this game out of 10 i'd say a good strong -10 for the most absolute worst game ever. hell, now my headset is ♥♥♥♥ed up from playing this game literally. it bugs the ♥♥♥♥ out when playing this but everything else is just fine. now my only wish for this game is for it to give everybody a damn refund and eradicate it from this world for being just...so...TERRIBLE"
76561198019761119,Recommended,214950,8142008,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Blek,Such warMuch conquernot mercygood rome
,Recommended,214950,8681299,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SlaveOfSelf,"Amazing game, a must for any1 interested in strategy. turn based campaign with many factions to chose from with INCREDIBLE real time battles on vast battlefields. warning: heavily addictive"
76561198012302141,Recommended,214950,7420118,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Hank Hill,This game displeased an entire generation of Total War fans. Of course those were the fans that I did not agree with at all. This game finally does the series justice by returning to its roots and becoming a strategy game again. Ever since Empire and Napoleon it has been a multiplayer that also had some strategy to it.The added little gems make it much more fluid of a game and it stops the old problem of having to make 50 armies just to maintain order. Order is now about city and region mangement and no longer reliant on masses of troops.The units are well expanded from the original and the seige part of the game especially is much improved. The bells and wistled have been stripped so it is not as pretty to look at any more. You have to read instructions and listings to learn your units and buildings etc...It is an old fashioned war game for old fashioned war gamers like me. I play it with Steam offline because I don't want to be bothered while playing. I like it that much.
76561198186422965,Recommended,214950,20614610,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Lc_130,Very fun game for me but if you dont like spending much time in finding out how the game works then dont buy it.
76561198015606403,Recommended,214950,8102374,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Koba,Everytime I play this game I cream my pants a little.
76561197988906053,Recommended,214950,1192707,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,"Mr. Palmer, Man","GET THIS GAME, the mods on the steam workshop have improved the game greatly, but also, the devs. have improved it greatly. It's becoming better and better weekly."
76561198063080341,Recommended,214950,9091730,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Battle Scarred Taco,YE YES YES
,Recommended,214950,9154200,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ser Morgan,Play this with mods. Without mods 7/10. With mods 8.5/10.
,Recommended,214950,4583693,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Ruhollah Jomeini,Rome was not patch in one day...10/10 would wait 1 year for patch
,Recommended,214950,11757281,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Austria-Hungary > Prussia,"So, to start off. My first glitch was around the second siege battle I had! The AI bugged out so hard, they didnt kill me! But that was patches this is the new rome 2!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=301901133That is a great example of stuff that goes on in this game! Though, to be fair, it could partialy the fault of a mod I had was to ""improve naval combat"". ANYWAYS that pic should make you want to buy this game 420/69 would buy again. To be supr srius this game has it moments, and is finaly in a playable condition. The multiplayer is pretty balanced, but has way too many metas to be the most enjoyable thing to play. I couldnt say if you want this. The strong points are: Great graphics, amazing detail, good voices for the most part, good amount of variety in factions/units. Bad things: Start of a paid pay to win game(factions that you want like athens, sparta, odysrian kingdom, and many others you have to pay $7 usda for each pack of 3 factions, and the fact that you have to pay for blood and gore that should be in the game anyways, FURTHER MORE you have to pay for units packs.) They have a good PR department beacuse whenever they release new unit packs they give free units, and buffs to factions for free. So you decide after that info if you want the game. I find it enjoyable in shorter 2-3hr sessions."
,Recommended,214950,9864153,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Force (EMF),Old Rome:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJJPce-e_zUNew Rome:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWnYCrbyvpMGOTY
76561198026064112,Recommended,214950,13284185,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,teedle91,"For a game that tripped and fell over the starting line with its bugs and dissappointing diplomacy and intigue, it is a good game overall with many of the bugs gone and the expansions that have been added i enjoyed it"
76561198058569616,Recommended,214950,13415394,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,UNKN0WN,"Game is nice but  81,00$ on DLC's is a bitt much in my opinion. The DLC's kinda fills up the game that should have been there in the first place."
,Recommended,214950,19506855,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ᴬ .Scottish™✔,"Pure Awsome'ness, so much memories from the original rome tw; while playing this. just buy this game already! 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,214950,19957059,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sjihttam,"unleashing war dogs and exploding amphoras at your enemies, i love it"
,Recommended,214950,21212169,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,JohnCiber,Can't Stop playing...
76561198082942126,Recommended,214950,21118220,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,JOOOOOOOHNN CENAAAAAA,"It gets alot of hate due to its bugs when it came out, but right now it's my favorite total war."
,Recommended,214950,14046072,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Wolfe [13JTF],The game got better as it was patched.
,Recommended,214950,1488844,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Deathstar,"Quo usque pro Roma ibis? In an age of backstabbing politicians and warring tribes rises the great republic of Rome. In Creative Assembly's newest flagship you will be able to either follow Rome on its path to greatness or to go head to head with the tyrants as one of several playable nations, including barbaric tribes in the North, nomad hordes in the East, the Greek states or their colonies in Africa. Being a Total War game, Rome II is naturally split into a turn based strategy-map and a real-time battlemode for battles on land and, unlike the original Rome, battles on sea. Also new: Some locations allow you to use land- and seaforces at the same time, for example to assault a coastal city to avoid its walls. Sea combat has increased in pace from Shogun II, with almost every ship being able to ram.An increase in pace can be observed in nearly every corner of the game, units move fluently and fast, morale-shocks are efficient and charges are brutal. Now, this is a point of major discussions on the big forums right now, as some people prefer the slugfest-melees of Rome 1 and Medieval 2, where many of the tougher units would rather fight to their death than retreat. Others welcome the change and rejoice in the fact that one well-timed cavalry-charge can change the course of an otherwise lost battle severely.Those who played Shogun II will feel right at home, though. Rome II runs on pretty much the same engine.Divide et impera. Managing your empire has been made easier with the addition of provinces. A city will now be part of a region and give you bonuses if you manage to unite all the cities within it under your banner. You can also access the building-menus for each individual holding from anywhere in the province, cutting down on the micro-management needed each turn. Some additional depth was added with the politics-system, giving every major character within your faction ambitions and loyalty towards the ruling or the opposing factions. Keeping the majority on your side will be necessary if you do not want to deal with some nasty civil wars.Si vis pacem, para bellum. The diplomacy-system was overhauled as well, giving you some more options to play around with. The ""civilised"" factions might try to subjugate other nations into client states now instead of just annexing them by force, while some of the Germanic tribes might join up in a big confederation, united by the strongest tribe to stand against the southern powers.Alea iacta est. All pieces are in place and we wait for a result. Is Rome II a successful successor to not only the original Rome, but to all previous Total Wars? Debatable. For all the good Rome II includes, there are some questionable decisions. Shogun II had a unique online-multiplayer system with its Avatar Conquest, giving you a sense of progression as you play against human foes, unlocking bonuses for your army, your general and even a small deal of customisation. Instead of reworking this gamemode, it was decided to completely remove it, leaving the players with nothing but the pure multiplayer in hosted lobbies or ranked quickmatches. It is arguable whether or not the Avatar Conquest was something that made Shogun II better, but it certainly was a feature and it begs the question as to why it was cut. One thing Rome II does better than Shogun would certainly be the unit variety. Where in good old feudal Japan you basically had the same units in every faction, Rome II offers a broad roster of different troops, all bearing distinctive marks of their home-region.Cui bono? As mentioned, those who enjoyed Shogun II for its gameplay will instantly notice that Rome II delivers more of that, for the better or worse. The campaign is decently made, and multiplayer still offers a sense of satisfaction when completely out-playing a human player. While it is sad that things from previous installments were cut, Rome II still stands strong, and not only for its graphics.Roma invicta!"
,Not Recommended,214950,7864072,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Redcoat-Mic,"The game is a broken, buggy mess, if the AI manages to put up a fight you still aren't very lucky because you get to watch an ugly mosh pit of a battle completely devoid of any tactics where you spam ""magic"" abilities that buff stats etc like it was LoL.The sad truth is, even if they fix the bugs the game has been streamlined and had most of it's features ripped out as part of their actual Metatcritic Analysis method of removing nearly complete features if they wouldn't ""improve the metacritic score"".Avoid, there's a reason it's on sale so early on in it's life."
,Not Recommended,214950,20910570,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,A6M Zero,"I played every Total War game, Shogun to Shogun 2, and was so excited about this game, the sequel to perhaps the greatest game of my youth, I pre-ordered it. What a stupid decision that turned out to be. Combine that with the terrible DLC, and this pretty much devastated my faith in CA. More importantly, even after all the improvements this still falls woefully short of all the other TWs. I tried very hard to like this game, but I just can't.Basically, you want a good TW game? Go for any of the old ones. You want a good grand strategy game? Go for CK2 or EU4. This game definitely isn't worth it."
76561198287650726,Recommended,214950,34688833,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr Meeseeks,"Got it on sale with all its DLC, brilliant game. I would recommend purchasing Medieval 2, ROME, Napoleon or Shogun 2 before getting this as they are far better games, however, if you own them or just really like this time period, its a great buy."
76561198150576033,Recommended,214950,21091760,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,mutant_cake,♥♥♥♥ the haters this game is amazing
,Recommended,214950,21100506,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,John Smith,"Yes they are money♥♥♥♥♥s with their DLC's that should be in the base game but apart from that, it's still a very good game, animations are great, in battle dialogue same thing, for example if both armies don't attack they will say something in the lines of ""Are we having a fight or a staring contest Sir?"" I love these small details.10/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,26600451,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SquashedOrange,I tried. I really tried on several diffrerent occasions to try the game but ts just so tedious and cluncky. I will stick with the original.
76561198007956223,Recommended,214950,10769784,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,A Magical Place,Ships sailed under me to attack me from behind10/10
,Recommended,214950,30131542,Posted: 23 February,all,JuansONLY,"This game is something else, when I'm not playing CSGO, i chill on this game"
76561198170399834,Recommended,214950,26416063,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Heir of the Redeemer,"I started my true path to PC gaming in 2012 as a 13 year old kid playing Rome: Total War on a very old laptop. I loved that game, best and only game I had truly played that was actually mine.And then fast forward to about 2015. I have a new but still crappy laptop, Rome barely works on it and so I play Medieval 2 and that becomes my favorite game. I then see something on sale, Rome 2 Total War. I heard a lot of bad stuff about this game, but they had a free weekend so I decided to try it out. Yes my laptop could barely run it, but I had such a blast that I just had to buy the game.Fast forward to a month ago, I had nearly 150 hours on that game and I had just gotten a new PC. I stopped playing the game due to the fact that half of my hours were there due to waiting for the End Turn or through super slow battles as my laptop was trash. Now I play it on my new PC, and I absolutely love this game. I don't know why. It was such a horrid gaming experience but still a fantastic game and I kept on getting sucked into playing it.Compared to other Total War games this is still a great game. Not the Empire Total War sized catastrophy everyone remembers it as, but a legit good game. Better then even Shogun 2: FOTS. (Although I haven't played Empire nor Napolean just because I hate the guns) So if you haven't played this game in awhile I suggest you do now. Forget the horrendous DLC and just get the ones that interest you. I only have the Blood and Gore and the Greek States culture packs. And download either the Radious mods or the Divide Et Imperia mod. Nothing is better than watching a couple pila throws destroy half a unit."
,Recommended,214950,22244527,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,VoltZzLight,"Really good game! Beautiful graphics, good political system and really fun combat to watch! I got it on sale for a amazing price. 15$! I wouldn't get this game for any higher price than 30$ though, as it dosen't have to much to do in it. All what you have is online battles(which you can barely play on because of everybody else using modified versions of the game. Overall though It is a great game."
,Recommended,214950,23481915,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Octavian,"Theres just something about it that doesn't feel like the old rome total war that I know and love.  Part of it is that I hate the naval combat I guess, like, really want to just disable it entirely.  The controls for ships are so clunky.Land to land batltles are par for teh corse with a total war game.  The graphics are good, and rome is no longer arbitrarrily seperated at the beginning of the game.  I guess I'll give it a recommended, but... something just feels off."
76561198058219463,Recommended,214950,23612147,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,robert,great game
,Recommended,214950,26429980,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,dkaddaj,"Great Game, good graphics, fun to play. The niqeness of the fact that there are som many different categories in which different types of strategy can be aplied i.e. battles as opposed to the grand strategy layout."
,Recommended,214950,23544638,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Randy,Abysmal DLC policy (Charging for factions that were free in the original game) and still some disappointments like the boring half baked politics.Having said that; it's quite a lot better than when it first came out and there is still some fun to be had with it.Final Verdict: Worth it if you can snag it with some DLC's on a decent sale.
76561198092705359,Recommended,214950,23671216,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,LordofPotatoes,Under rated game! has been realy fixed since realese and is probably my favorite total war game so far9/10
76561198271621827,Recommended,214950,22850783,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,benny4amy,"Rome 2 is a very good and addictive game, although there were issues at launch the Emperor Edition solves all problems and makes this game great."
76561198179785529,Recommended,214950,23435791,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,cshelton678,The game is absoutley terrible without mods (Villina Game) It is awsome if you have mods installed for it.
,Recommended,214950,24413322,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Peep,I got into the total war games recently and this is amazing.
76561198241078972,Recommended,214950,26616391,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,RobbStark,"If this was the game CA released to begin with, it would've ranked up as one of the best in the series. Beautiful visuals and an enormous attention to detail, interesting and varied unit rosters for each faction, a thematic soundtrack, a yuge and engaging campaign map full of dozens of nations and tribes with legit working diplomacy (an enemy of your enemy will actively seek to trade with you or seek a military alliance for example), battle AI that managed to surprise me by using formations effectively and actually trying to outflank me and finally (in my opinion) a more visually interesting and streamlined UI.It's not perfect by a long stretch; true to the series it can be too easy (especially as Rome) and upping the difficulty doesn't make the AI smarter, it just lets them cheat with more money and better stats, 1 year per turn means your generals drop dead from old age before you've even had a chance to properly level them up, the AI will sometimes not attack you during sieges or tire its units out by running them all over the map for no reason and the performance is pretty awful for a game of its age, although I did find upgrading my Radeon drivers to Crimson 16.9.2  boosted my framerate by nearly 20fps!If you're a fan of the series but have put off buying Rome 2 because of the awful state of the game at release, you're a fan of the time period, or you just fancy building an empire - definitely pick this one up. Highly recommended."
76561198054381131,Recommended,214950,9671639,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Garbanzo,GREAT GAME ME LOVE YOU LONG TIME
,Not Recommended,214950,11168059,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Idiot | Sebastian,"I have never been so dissappointed with a game, especially since I have admired an put so much time and dedication into its predecessor. SHAMEFUL DISPLAY!"
,Recommended,214950,7521422,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,HazE,"Deffinetly worth buying now! This game has been fixxed to near completion!If your holding back because of release reviews, dont be, it is now amazing and will only be getting better !"
76561198119721098,Recommended,214950,9629543,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Zhorian15,"I have just recently joined the Total War series, and adore this game. It is more challenging than the other Total War games have played (Empire, Napoleon), and much more encapsulating. The politcal system and siege battles are a bit tricky due to some AI problems, but that seems to be the extent of it. I simply love this game and what Creative Assembly have done with the series."
76561198035201203,Recommended,214950,9392683,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Stalio,Very fun Strategy game.Also very good if you like war and thinking.
,Recommended,214950,9315545,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,JackManson,10
,Recommended,214950,13626887,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Pineapsquirrel,So happy I purchased this game. Rome 2 Total War satisfies that craving to lead roman legions in conquest across the ancient world.
,Not Recommended,214950,11004118,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Bär,"Such a step down from the amazing Shogun 2. Idiotic garrison, unbalanced, uglier and just not fun. Have tried it for over 50 hours but yet I've failed to find any entertainment in this game. Personally my biggest disappointment ever."
,Recommended,214950,9438052,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,rahool99 2f@st2quick,Love the stratigy on the campanie or in battle this game is exemly fun and super addittive 9/10
,Recommended,214950,30380962,Posted: 7 March,all,SemN,8/10
,Not Recommended,214950,14273779,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Waterloong,Worst total war so far.
,Not Recommended,214950,14731562,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,senegrom,Crap. Play Rome I instead.
76561197967236821,Recommended,214950,18870778,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ragabonz,"look at my hours, not one of those was wasted a true pleasure of a game."
,Not Recommended,214950,8403157,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Scrumple,HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
76561198062047853,Recommended,214950,9405636,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TopherGee,this has a great base but there are many faults with it ...but if you like strategy this is a great pick
76561198010934172,Not Recommended,214950,18081963,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,I just wanna be pure,It is a sin to call this total war. Almighty sega must enjoy killing franchises.
76561198250751040,Recommended,214950,30442197,Posted: 11 March,all,Sora,After all the updates and improving I actually started to like this game it shows how if CA can actually focus they can make great games.
76561198010458119,Recommended,214950,9314850,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fish☢☢☢☢ofdoom,"The first 3 months of the the game's realease sucked..... everything was sucked, frame rate, gameplay, campaign would go out of sync and break down, however there has been massive improvments and if total war rome 2 was realeased like now, not semptember this would of easily scored 9/10+ on metacritic , shame they didn't complete it when they released it"
76561198126009300,Recommended,214950,9297979,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,andrewkopot,for some reason it says that theres a problem when i press play
,Recommended,214950,10101711,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,The Roman Republic,"Very disapointed with the game, it had the potential to be something great. Why do I recommend the game you may ask, is because it's the mods (DeI) that actually make the game seem worth while, with the potential for CA to redeem themselves with future tools to add to the present beta toolkit it would allow for far more freedom in modding the game."
,Recommended,214950,9366471,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Zydniedzia,"fun game, when on sale, give it a try. Try different sides and different strategies. Online should be done competitively and try it with firends. Take over the world and develope a  pure aryan race."
76561198049565264,Recommended,214950,14026025,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Luke The Duke,"Very poor launch CA and i hope you learned from it. My playtime should be alot higher, around 100+ hours.But finally!! after 20+ patches the AI and countless bugs are mostly all fixed and i can at long last.. recommend this game to a friend!AI has been fixed and is now as good as shogun 2 (Not including Sea Battles), in some acpects like hill battles even better. FPS is fixed in most instances, for me at least using a gtx 660ti Boost 8 GB Ram 3.0 Quad Core on Very high/Ultra SettingsNow please lets see ""Atilla"" be a finely tuned and finished game on launch please :) Then im back on board CA! And on a side note, thanks for adding the faimly tree into Atilla! :D"
76561198122927052,Not Recommended,214950,13799392,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,p.desjardins,"This would be a great game if the development team stood up to their managers and focused on shipping bug-free games and DLCs instead of shipping broken products and patching it over and over again just to satisfy some ridiculously short deadlines.This is simply an insult to the customers who pay for this product.It came out a year and a half ago, they shipped out many DLCs since then, but the core game still feels like a beta product.I deeply recommend that the development team moves to agile test-driven development and change their business culture to quality production instead of ""fast-food"" production."
76561197971212272,Recommended,214950,9555109,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,PanzerMeyer72,Outstanding game which has been greatly improved with the successive patches. There are still a few minor flaws such as retreating units moving much too fast and some illogical diplomatic behavior from AI controlled factions but overall the game is enjoyable.
76561198007738203,Recommended,214950,9571684,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,TimT-T,"Awesome, So glad they decided to go back to the ancients, Excellent graphics but can also run on low end specs. what more could you want? A bunch of pretorians guarding your general from a horde of angry Iceni, Or Clash Athens and Sparta, Re live the Peloponnesian war. And with all the great DLC's coming out this game is getting more and more diverse."
,Recommended,214950,9586385,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,SleepingDoom-13,"Had seriously high hopes for ROME II but yet again we were fleased by devs and publishers by being given misrepresentative teasers, ""gameplay"" and false promises. The game in its current state is a far cry from the glory days of rome I and medieval 2; it is however FAR better now than it used to be and a damn good introduction to the series if you start here, just bear in mind this really isnt the best total war has to offer.The game is engaging, fun, easy to play and easy to lose your evenings to, worth picking up if you can get it for less than £20 or the equivalent in your national currency.TL;DR Good game patched into passability, pick it up cheapish"
76561198014225341,Not Recommended,214950,10745663,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,A Guy Who Cries,"If you've been playing total war since the first rome, you will be severly dissapointed. Its not a bad game but all I can think about is whats missing from past games and the new features don't make up for what was taken out. CA is also being a real d-bag with the ""new"" DlC, my trust has been broken and the whole game feels rushed. So ♥♥♥♥ this game, buy shogun."
,Recommended,214950,21854434,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Zwedistans Finest,"Well. Atleast it's better than Attila: Total War and Empire. Honestly my second favorite total war title in history just after Medieval II. I just love it, other then some minor bugsand things it is almost perfect. But before Augustus patch/free LC it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then CA just ♥♥♥♥♥d out money with DLCs which they continued to do but now the DLCs where actually worth it.CA is becoming like paradox where DLC almost cost as much as the base game:Main game: 55 euroWoS: 15 euroBlack sea colonies: 7,50 euroDaughters of Mars: 2,50 euroBeast of War: 2,50Pirate and Raiders 7,50CiG: 15HatG: 15Greeks: 7,50Nomads: 7,50Blood and Gore: 2,50Total: 137,49 euroThey didn't make a big sale on the game for over a year. Buy it. You'll not regret it."
,Not Recommended,214950,16995179,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cat iz 4 Fite,As a fan of the series it pains me to say it but Rome II was an utter disappointment upon release. I am sure the game has improved with patches over time. But I have to ask...why did it need patches to begin with? They claimed they invested more resources in AI but it sure as hell didn't seem like it upon release. I was so disappointed with the game's launch state I have not felt the motivation to come back to it after its many issues.The fact that ROME II has stripped so much of what made prior Total War games interesting was another disappointment. Gone were the little movies for assasinations etc. Gone were the battle speeches that we got in games like Medieval 2. There were some good improvements such as towns having their own garrisons so your other guys can go out and fight. But then your limited to how much influence you have in the world. At release I had one instance where I was the strongest faction and had some allies. But the diplomacy AI was so broken it seemed like all my allies were wiped out and then every little♥♥♥♥♥♥ant country declared war on me. Speaking of countries and factions...turns took way too long. In multiplayer you would even desync.I have owned every Total War title up till now with the exception of Attila. In fact it was Rome II's disatrous launch that made me indifferent to Attila. Again many of the issues I outlined above may have been patched since. But reading through the other reviews of the emperor's edition? It appears the game still has issues with long turns and loading times. The other big issue I have is the constant faction DLC whoring.The fact they had to have another edition to get the game in the state it should have been upon release is unacceptable. With the patches the game might be enjoyable but I would wait for a steam sale. With Steam refunds now though you could try it out and get a refund if you don't like it. Lets hope that steam refunds discourage a repeat of Rome II. I learned my lesson with Rome II. I will no longer be preordering any future Total War games. Your better than this Creative Assembly. Its up to you to make me fall in love with the Total War series again.
,Recommended,214950,9403911,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,NiNjA_S_o_G,AMAZING
76561198204545209,Recommended,214950,21802703,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,8th | Wearhound,"As an avid lover of history especially the era of the Roman legions, and the phalanx of Alexander I instantly fell in love with this game. Though I have encountered a few major bugs (mainly in DLC) I countinue to enjoy this game for hours on end. A must for any fans of the period, especially with the strong modding community the game posseses."
,Recommended,214950,10981285,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Vsauce - The Statistics King,I believe rome is one of those games just set at a reasonable price like $59.95 that 4 extra cents saves a man a lotta money.
,Recommended,214950,24641052,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,#The-Black#,good game
,Recommended,214950,9378651,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Lord_Retard,Go on youtube.
,Recommended,214950,9265630,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,❤ Nora ❤,"While release was wonky and incomplete at first, Rome 2 is a really fun game for someone looking to try out a different take on the RTS genre.Each different Civilization is a whole different experience. The same strategy for one Civ will not necessarily work for another. Everyone has different technologies, army setups, research trees, etc. While one person may be really good at making great infantry, they may have to wait a while before they get to that point, and be clever until then. There are espionage options with agent that can level the playing field, providing enemy agents don't counter you effectively.And even if you play the same Civilization more than once, you can always try a different victory the next time around. Each campaign has three possible victories: Economic, Cultural, or Military. Some are easier than others, and some depend on how you've been developing in the game. Oh, and did I mention that a PC Civ that once became a major power in your first game may simply be wiped out in the first few turns in your second? Rome is not exempt from this rule. And I have to say that it's interesting when Crete becomes an empire on Asia Minor.The ability to man and control an army on the march, and effectively employ tactics that can counteract superior numbers / superior equipment, is super awesome.Co-op games are fun. It's great to have another set of eyes on the battlefield, and to combine armies and resources to take out rivals."
76561198093809952,Recommended,214950,9381893,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Colonel_Smithe,Best Strategy Game ever!
76561198010686642,Not Recommended,214950,13166643,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,_IOSEPHUS_,Burn it. Burn it with fire.
76561198168232464,Not Recommended,214950,13857502,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Moses Unleashed csgogem.com,Very good game but ran across a bug that wont let me play it no matter what when i lanuch the game it just stays on the lanuch screen with a spinning wheel it sucks it was a ver fun game if this didnt happen and there is no way to fix it
76561198073163769,Not Recommended,214950,13870346,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Gamer McGameface,"This game is completely broken and soured my opinion of Steam purchases in general. $66.00 on a game that does not work, what a fraud..Constantly crashes in the manual battles. If the battles crashing wasn't bad enough, my save game got stuck during one of the AI turns. Nothing I do can work around the broken turn aside from abandoning my campaign entirely.. Even if I abandon the campaign I'm sure it will just get stuck somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,214950,13295541,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,barbossaa,"- expansive- too many nations but they are not playable until you purchase the culture patch  to play it , what a greedy company !!!!!!- stupid AI- bad battle system- game is very boring but it will be less boring if you play with rome(( worst total war game ever ))"
,Recommended,214950,9825721,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,The Brexiteer,"Total war: ROME 2 is a great installment to the TW series, especially with the new upgrade to the Emperor Edition. The grand campaign map is vast, embracing many different and unique nations which you can conquer, ally, or trade with. The game offers the player a few of these nations to play with, each diverse in their play styles with different ways to build a brief or lasting empire from the furthest point west in spain to the most easterly point in asia, or if you want to take the fight to the barbarians then how about north to the misty isles of Britain, the land of the painted ones? This is as the name suggests TOTAL WAR after all!Also with the addition of downloadable content and some outstanding mods created by the community this game can be played again and again with a new experience each time giving it lots of replay ability. This is definitly a thumbs up with a recommendation! Must buy for TW fans or just fans of RTS games!!+Plus Mark Strong lends his voice to the character in the prologue, making it a great place to learn the ropes."
76561198023929353,Not Recommended,214950,11266474,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,charlescarmikel,I would give this game a 3/5 score overall. When knowing the total war franchise is like giving a F- to this particular game. While it is much more in depth it seems to lose significant substance when compared to shogun 2 total war. While i will continue to play this game with my friends and by myself. The fact that i was amazed by rome total war original as a little kid and playing this game just dose not match up.
76561198068834608,Not Recommended,214950,10050028,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Tripnip14,"Awful. This game feels like it was made for 5 year olds. It feels nothing like a total war game, and instead more like an arcade game for people who don't like to think much. Buggy as mess, my computer is a beast and the game still bogs down during medium sized battles. Rome 1 is way better."
,Recommended,214950,10847407,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Very cool shoob,"One of my favouriteTotal War games in my opinion, battles are very well polished with historical accuracies displayed in msot aspects of the game it really is anentertaining and rewarding game as you play it. I've invested hours into this and I have no regrets.My only real fault with the game are the naval battles which I find very dissapointing in comparison with games such as the Empire total war and I avoid them wherever I can, the ramming of ships just doesn't do it for me."
76561198183635335,Recommended,214950,20837432,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,LNER_4472,"Empire, Conquest and Glory. These are three words that describe Rome Total War 2. I highly recommend that you play this game. I could play it for  a day straight (As I have done on many occasions). Whether you are in command of a Barbarian horde trying to destory civilization. Or the Rpoman Empire istelf trying to tame the barbaric tribes of the north, this game is highly immersive from the mangement for your empire to actaully controlling your armies every detail is amplified to give you the feeling of being in the ancient world."
,Recommended,214950,8791477,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Confederate Honor,"I really like this game. It has taught me alot about the ancient world, in addition to being loads of fun. A must buy !"
76561198307137953,Recommended,214950,24231415,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Strategos Aristomenis the 2nd,"This game is awesome!!!!!! I know you have to pay money for the dlcs but rather than that it is still a very good game. With these ancient factions that I didnt knew, this is by far the most awesome game in my entire life."
76561198126083223,Recommended,214950,26485593,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,xLoL,THIS GAME WITH DEI MODE = DA BEST
76561198154025830,Recommended,214950,22846510,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mojo Amok,"I find this game is quite a bit better then it's reputation or Steam review score would suggest. I had first tried to play it on OS X and it was a total laggard which caused me to put it down, but switching over to Windows I'm getting excellent performance and it's a whole 'nother experience.Maybe some things were streamlined, but there's tons of depth here as well and I have to say I feel it's a bit more complicated to open up and get my bearings in compared with Shogun 2 - and that's a good thing. There were lot's of bold design decisions that were probably met with resistance more for being new than for being poorly conceived or executed. Pre-Steam, I have loads of hours on Medieval 2 and Rome 1 within the more traditional TW structure, but I have to say I really like a lot of these new design decisions. Maybe some are a bit limiting, but I believe they balanced accessibility, world building and strategic decisions nicely.And don't think that they just dumbed things down and made them easier across the board as some elements - like Public Order - actually make things quite a bit more difficult (and atmospheric for that matter). It's also worth noting that the median playtime for TW: Rome II is almost 43 hours (per Steam Spy), which is tremendous and suggests quite a bit of both value and depth.Only thing is, don't get it and try and play on a Mac without Bootcamp no matter what your hardware is. I have a top-spec late 2015 iMac and it was absolutely awful on OS X. However, moving over to Bootcamp, I went up to Ultra settings from High settings, turned on AA and still more or less doubled my FPS (20-30 up to 45-60; I'm sure I could get a constant 60 if I cared and wanted to diddle with the settings, but it looks great and feels fluid to me).Pity that I've only started to play a few weeks before Total War: Warhammer is coming out as it strikes me as being worth a couple hundred hours of gameplay. Ah well, I think I'll be coming back to this after that."
,Recommended,214950,22409735,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ice,"Whilst it's certainly a top reference of it's genre, R:TW2 becomes a bit dull after you realize the campaign has no other way to be interesting other than simply declaring war and taking what you want vs a poor AI. Whilst the battle mechanics are great (ai not so much), the game lacks complexity in diplomacy/trading. It's basically the opposite of EU IV."
,Recommended,214950,23619578,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,tskBlackWater,I love this game.
,Recommended,214950,9055010,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Captain Ghost,"So, let me toss my hat into this ring.Rome II released a fair bit buggy. AI was too aggressive against the player, but not each other. There was a weird glitch in Gameplay everyone complained about I never saw (And was fixed within the second week patch). When I first played it, it was funnish still, but all these new diplomacies out of reach due to overly bizarre AI was the main issue. Not so much anymore.AI follows a state based on their relationship status to you, which is based on if you're war with their enemies (+) or with their friends (-) and follows a fairly sensible pattern, where someone at 150+ relations won't declare war on you unless you attack someone in that is their defensive alliance (But if they are afraid/good enough friends, they'll peace out fairly quickly.) Someone at -200 is undoubtly going to declare war on you, even if they have to launch a naval invasion to make it happen. The AI does get afraid though, The selecuids at war with everyone suddenly found Galatian Barbarians running rampant over their stuff, and they peaced out with a massive gold gift to avoid further destruction.Combat AI is mostly good, especially in field battles. If your line is too short, they will flank you with their infantry. Sometimes they go with a lopsided strategy against your weak flanks to try to break them and sweep into the side. Cav will chase your archers round and round unless you counter them. They use scout cavalary to try to find your people if you hide in the forest rather than marching around aimlessly. Combat AI gets a little weird in city sieges. THey kind of understand how to defend, in that they'll move to fill gaps you break in the wall, defend the right areas, put archers to counter movements. Without siege weapons, you'll get punished trying to climb the walls. Attacking though it's a bit weird. First it'll move up ladders, and if that fails, they'll attack your gate (AI has siege gear, but never allowed it to get to my walsl before). Most of the time this still goes straight forwards, but this does allow your archers to pepper them freely, despite ladders on the walls. Though since the ladders appear to be made out of adamintine, that's probably for the best. Once trhough, they tend to just stream their entire force through. Archers, cavalry, infantry, everything.Combat stats are pretty nice. Morale is still a big deal like Shogun 2, though even the most untrained levy is not nearly as much of a pansy as the Rise of the Samurai Levy units which would take one casualty and panic like the world is ending. Some morale seems a bit ridiclous (Killing 119 Thorax Swordsman in a group and yet the last one still fights on) but most respond to shocks like hard shock cav charges pretty well. Generals are important to maintain morale and their abilities are really helpful. They also have other bonuses that vary heavily, like reducing unit cost or improving everyone's skill, or reducing enemy morale. Army Groups now are permenant things that build traditions as well that outlive their generals and can be reinstated if they are wiped out. These can represent a key doctrine certain groups employ. Combat can get a bit slow and sloggy though when you have spears in defensive position and all they have are is spears. BRING A SWORD. Will admit, combining Shield strength into armor and missile accuracy into missle damage on the stat screen is a bit weird.Campaign isn't like Rome 1 where Population is the only important stat and money is infinite. Population is still important, population growth allowing areas to gain new buildings to make more money. Money really varies though where you start. If you start as Parthia and take over Iran, that's a free money from the trade goods and Eastern bonus to towns (Local COmmerce bonus+10% bonus from Being Eastern.) Whereas Rome is very tempting to go full military, and you'll wind up bankrupting yourself in your war against Carthage, unable to pay for reinforcements and navies.Campaign other nice note: Nobody plays that similar. Geography and unit types are nicea nd diverse. Now, some, like Parthia, play totally different from most others. Parthia plays like a Steppe Horde that got some full plate knights. They also get bonus damage on all their ranged weapons. Even after a 15% bonus, Rome's slingers and javs still do way less damage than parthians, and that's not mentioning the archers. Slinger: Normal 18, Parthia: 21. Jav: 39, Parthia 45, Archer: 27 Parthia: 32. Cretan archers of some hellenic factions have the 32, but those are a tier 3-4 unit. Parthias get those archers from a tier 2 building... that also ride horses. Rome has Legionaires. Sparta has a diverse set of units based aroudn their social stratifications, Athens has a few nice cavalry, Macedon with their units, Egypt with their mixture of native Egyptians and greek things, Pontus and Selecuids with mixture of eastern and hellenic, Galatia as he invading gauls. Lots of fun.86%, Would recommend."
76561198007382139,Recommended,214950,8428815,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Old Man Mase,"Takes me back to the old Europa Barbarorum mod for Rome TW 1.Very impessive graphics for high end machines,The fact that your fleets can get involved in coastal land battles is amazing and adds tactical depth, historical accuracy is improved dramatically over the vanilla Rome TW 1 but not as good as say EB!Would defo reccomend especially at the price of 15 quid :)"
76561198007538073,Not Recommended,214950,9109813,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,d.anderson80,"Game is good, when it works.  Save your money and get something else until the fix the loading issues"
76561198070227385,Recommended,214950,6603900,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,The Helping Llama,"...Months and months after the release...The game has improved dramatically. The release was rocky; I was one of the lucky ones who got to play from the release. To say the game is in a similar state as the release (Or, at least from my experience, buggy) has not played the game recently.The game has an inferior ""feel"" to shogun 2. I can't pinpoint what exactly causes this... I suspect that, perhaps, the in-campaign maps are not as stunningly beautiful as those in shogun. The game also has a few ""logic problems"". For example, when defending a point after fortifying it, the game has a tendancy to automatically force one into the least advantageous position. Come on! If I were fortifying a position, I'd do it from the top of a hill, all the better for my giant fireballs to crush people!This said, TWR2 is quite fun to play. CA has done a lot to fix the game, and my FPS are finally jumping up. A widely varied unit roster is good to see, in comparison to shougun. Some of the controlls have changed since shogun, as well. For example, a pike phalanx is told to attack by clickingthroughthe enemy unit, not clicking ""attack"". Tactically, this is more intuitive, but can be rather confusing for veteran players of past TW games.I strongly advise buying this game...on sale. The gameplay has not improved enough since shogun 2 to justify spending 60 bucks on TWR2. 40, or perhaps 30 dollars would be closer.Wait till the summer/fall/christmas sale, buy the game, go crazy."
,Not Recommended,214950,11064012,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,.rAaR?,"Been awhile since the release fiasco, decided to play it again. I can maybe do 2-3 turns before the game crashes. Like just now... spent 45 mins working tactics to turning a 2280vs5800 in my favor... and bam, crashed. I don't understand, we are coming up almost on a year and the same issues that plagued release are still here? WTF creative?"
,Recommended,214950,34317202,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr.Faptiful,SP and MP is great but not that much as it could be. But still this game is good
76561198065034749,Recommended,214950,9642892,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,BusterWD,"Awesome game, replayable as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,214950,9183245,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,IceFlap,Great game. But with some bugs.
76561198030808463,Recommended,214950,9639070,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Zander_5_55,"I feel like this game has come along way from the begininig. And as you can tell by my hours i love this game but i do have to say Empire has to be my fav total war even though i havent played as much of it thats, my opinion. But personaly if you don't like the game stop complaining find some thing better to do."
,Recommended,214950,7852413,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,PsYc3,"I have played all of the Total War games and I found Rome 2 to be the worst launch of them all.   The game was buggy, the AI terrible and the turns took forever.That being said, since the patches over a couple of months, the game is much better performance wise, turns zip past about as fast as other games in the series, the AI is not as bad both in battles or in its strategy on the campaign.The graphics are really good, the battles are satisying if a little too short, and the campaign feels epic.Of course not everybody is happy with the design choices; a lot seem to want an updated gfx engine for the first Rome game.The developers continue to tweak the game based on community discussions, and things are going to get even better, I am sure.I dont think many people would be disappointed with their purchase if it was released today."
76561197974963136,Recommended,214950,7854433,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mortis Rex,"Its a great game if you can overlook alot of gliches, but the modding community has really made this game great. it is the only game were you can hav relistic RTS battles and every solider is an idividual. the game looks great is great, if you can overlook the gliches. I give it a good 8.5/10 with gliches and a 9/10 with mods."
,Recommended,214950,7887470,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DGM.,"Fantastic game, i just love CA total war series. As great as this is, am quite disappointed when i realised there was no avatar conquest unlike shogun 2,the intro of that feature really brought the game all together and it was a fantastic experience, not having rome 2 avatar conquest is screaming in my ears ""a waste"". I do hope that feature is brought back. There are some glitches and it crashes sometimes but it could be fixed through patching. Overall a great game and i give you my thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,214950,9887229,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,💀🎃 Maullas 💀🎃,"My grandfather served in World War 2, helped save Europe, including Britain, from the fascists. Why is this important? Because if I could go back in time, I would shoot my grandfather in the head and help the Germans win the war. What did we get for saving Britain? A thank you? No, we get Rome 2. A Nazi Europe is a better alternative than letting the world suffer through this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ And even if the Germans still don't win, and this abonination gets ""developed"", at least I won't have to suffer through this 21st century holocaust.As of now, I've played for 45 hours. I have yet to enjoy it at all. I'm either stupid, or I have yet to accept my sadomasochistic tendencies, but I'm still playing. Trying to have fun for the $60 I blew. CA had never let me down before, so I foolishly preordered. But this time they ♥♥♥♥ed me. Don't get ♥♥♥♥ed by CA, Don't buy this."
,Recommended,214950,10363699,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,[BrB] Comrade!,"Flaming arrows fired on my own Carthaginian war elephants, causing them to run amok and kill my own men.10/10"
,Recommended,214950,21296728,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Vigverk,I don't see any down side of this game at all.
76561198093016375,Recommended,214950,20403995,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mr Crowley,10/10 would raze carthage while singing the hellfire song from the hunchback of notre dame againand againand againand againand BURN FOR DEFYING ROME CARTHAGEBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRN
76561198027873478,Not Recommended,214950,13929979,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,marcuks,"What a shameful display- hehehe-1)Enciklopedia- Worst idea ever. From 24 hour gamplay 18 hours spent reading ENCIKLOPEDIA just to find out which   temple to build to get beserks or any specific unit. If i wanted to read  ENCIKLOPEDIA i would go to library, get some example from rome 1.2)Battles  are grand clusterf@@k, no order,no visible battlelines. Some will disagre, but i want to see where are my units not only on tactical map but also on battlefield. Give back faction colors to units so we can see difference in battlefield like it was in rome 1- romans -red, gauls green whatever what colors to each faction.3) Units- Give us back the clone army. WHY- if i have 2000 or more dudes in my army i dont care about each dudes facial expresions or some another different eqipment.4) Unit cards- not much difference between them, need to pause game nearly every time to find out a proper unit.5) Magicly appearing and dissapearing fleets whenever army cross the sea6) Agents- wtf this is rome not crusader kings or europe universalis7) Trait trees for generals- good in shogun 2  really bad in rome 28) Diplomacy- really s@@k, dont belive me - try yourselves.9) No general speeches like in rome 1 i really love them.10) NO DARTHMOD, NO FULL SUPORT TO MODDERS FROM CA,And the list goes on ....  .There are some good things and really nice improvements, but they just dissapier in the amount of  bugs and clusterf@@ks in game.Rome 2 devs why you couldnt just make improved rome 1, insted of making this clusterf@@k."
,Not Recommended,214950,26126958,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,terrymcgrady,"The city management system is a mess. I know they meant to make it easier, but the result is even more clumsy."
,Not Recommended,214950,21683742,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Davis,"Pros:-Epic graphics-Excellent animations-Control massive armies in battles-Conquer Europe for the glory of Rome, or liberate it for any of the barbarian states!-A hardcore modding community bringing us new and exciting game additions and features.-User Friendly Mod Tools provided by Creative Assembly.Cons:-Broken game features like Naval Combat, politics and diplomacy.-Arbitrary restrictions on Military and Agent production, rather than letting the players economic management determine how big a military he/she can support.-Military's cannot be broken up and divided into smaller/faster tactical groups to hunt down broken or small rebelling units in your territory, unlike in previous titles.-DLC is either useless fluff or features that should have been in game to begin with.Possibly one the most disastrous Launches in video game history, Total War: Rome II has come a long way since those turbulent days of September 2013. Sadly there a lot of design decisions (or flaws) that fans of Empire Total War, Medieval 2 Total War, and/or Rome Total War will find unbearable like armies needing a general unit to move (so no deploying portions of your army to hunt down a beaten enemy army to finish them off) and an Army and Agent Cap based off how many territories you have rather than just letting your economy decide if you can support a robust military. Naval combat is still rather broken and tends to be always more costly to fight on a battle map rather than just auto resolve which ends up with fewer losses suffered.Other than those glaring issues, the ability to control two armies in one single battle makes for epic fights, the European map has been expanded compared to previous titles to include much of Saudi Arabia, the lower Nile River, and the Scandinavian peninsulas, as well as the western fringes of India. Mod community has been hard at work making great works from minor tweaks to enhance game play experience to total conversion mods which changes the game to something entirely new. Secondly user friendly mod tools which allows even the most novice of users to make personal mods for their game.However ultimately the Emperor Edition expansion just feels like a really big band aid over an infected ulcer. The DLC is pretty much useless fluff, or insulting addons which should have been in the game from the get go but was ripped out and sold off piecemeal arbitrarily, like gore or historical factions sold in culture packs (though culture packs tend to be lazily put together and look like carbon copies over factions under their overarching culture like Gaul, Germanic, Hellenic, Arabic etc) This Game sadly just had too much hype, and not enough refinement in the areas that required it most.Get this game during a steam sale, or better yet, get Total War Attila, which is far better designed and executed than Rome 2, and there are mods in the works which brings the factions and Campaign style of Rome 2 to Attila."
,Recommended,214950,8320491,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Thug Life,"I've changed my opinion on this game since they have finally gotten off their asses and improved the AI, Graphics Optimization and somewhat on stability,  but it still doesnt excuse the massive budget for a game that has less polish than it's predecessors.I'm also still pretty uncofident over the stability of this game,  I can't wait until I get to turn 100-110 and the save becomes corrupted and unplayable. go team."
76561198090741968,Recommended,214950,9442547,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Hellslaughtr10,"it is a very fun total war game since all the graphics are up to date. The amount of time u can play this game is over 200 hours maybe, I know i will for sure. The combat is great and the battle scenes are a great sight to look at and play in. Everything is amazing with graphics, gameplay ets.short simple review."
76561198027746882,Recommended,214950,9434495,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,White,"Fun game. Rome 1 is of course better, but this one just looks nice. Really fun with mods. If this game didnt have mods wouldnt be worth it."
,Not Recommended,214950,11484370,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Desert Fox,I'm deeply disappointed by this release after much excitement and anticipation. It fails to capture much of the glory and emotional attachments I had to the game in Rome and Total War: Medieval II. Sad sad panda.
76561198112177780,Recommended,214950,9727382,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Create Kaos,James you gotta get this
76561198079377794,Recommended,214950,9816434,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Asraphael,"The amount of haters and naysayers here is astonishing. Yeah, sure the game had to be patched up due to bugs. Sometimes the AI doesn't make good moves and ends up undoing itself. Maybe it takes ages for the AI to set up siege. But the gameplay itself is very, very good. Controlling armies of Rome, Carthage, Egypt, Macedon and other superpowers of the time across ancient Europe and fighting it out for domination sounds good, doesn't it? And this game excecutes it well, by having sieges, coastal battles, ambushes and many other features. The campaign interface is a little confusing to start with, but gets easier to understand after the prologue. Also, even though some parts may not be historically correct, it's a game, right? It's not meant to be an educational experience. All in all, I found this game addictive, and that it played well, even though I'm on a laptop.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,10339464,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,AIRBORNE_DELTA,"Game is way better than when i first got it but i still feel like i have been robbed... we seem to get new DLC every other day, the game is boring, the patches still have not fixed everything. Play rome 1 and skip this pile of crap!"
76561197979520077,Not Recommended,214950,11211543,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,juls,CO-OP IS BUSTED...STILL
76561198029713986,Not Recommended,214950,9193647,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,stercus_accidit2006,"I wanted to recommend this game, i really did. I pre ordered the game, sadly i didnt learn from that as i let myself get fleeced for the greek state pack too. The only good thing i can say about the game at the moment is that they have removed the pointless flag to defend that they spawned randomly in a field for no reason what so ever. I will leave the game alone again for a while still too many bugs making it unplayable like defending a city killing all the enemy and not being able to end battle without conceding defeat. will try again in a couple of months"
76561198136564757,Not Recommended,214950,11249511,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DillBader,"This game has more technical problems than any game I've ever played. Not worth buying, even after the patches."
,Not Recommended,214950,13555213,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mithrandir,Bought the game expecting there would be DLC whoring all over it.Wasn't disappointed.#buythisdlctoplaysparta
76561198046600571,Recommended,214950,13235598,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Boanerges1989,"I used to get angry pre-Emperor Ed at garrisoned armies running away from their city just before I lay siege to it. Post-Emperor Ed they still run away, but they come back with their friends to destroy my legions with interest. I should have enlisted more Praetorians. :/Thank you for vastly improving the game CA. I now stress more than a fat man stressing about which cup cake to eat next when I am choosing which faction to attack.95 hours and counting. 90 of them choosing which faction to attack."
,Recommended,214950,14031547,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Joe Holland,"Diplomacy! I have played many games in the Total War series. This is the first one (IMO) that allows you to deploy diplomatic strategy with good effect. This really gives you a new way of planning your expensionism.E.g. 1) I make strong allies, help them in war. Though they have a city I need for my region. By creating unrest with agents I get the city to rebel and I conquer without damaging.E.g. 2) When I have no intention to spread further in a certain direction (north), I help a local faction by teaming up and target (that's an option now) adjecent territories. I reinforce while he leads the attack. This way I gain a very appreciative friend, with a territory that closes my border (like a buffer). Now I can fully dedicate my forces south"
76561198057204134,Recommended,214950,22548566,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Nikolorious,Best total war ;)
76561198142917428,Recommended,214950,24080574,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Yayap,Swell gmae
76561198030974342,Recommended,214950,24221074,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,TeutonicRage23,"Rome II lacks the theme that games such as the original Rome: Total War and Shogun II had. Never did I once feel like I was in the time period. Rome II suffers from its simplified designs and arcade-styled approach. Everything feels lackluster and many of the game mechanics hurt the game, overcomplicating your experience. The unit rosters are poorly made and most are copy-pasted and reskinned. Combat feels rubbish, though the campaign experience is a tad bit better. I have to commend the amount of artistic content put into the map. All in all, Rome II is not a terrible game, but a very hollow one. It fails to deliver to what Creative Assembly had promised fans. I recommend skipping."
76561198028884388,Recommended,214950,26021381,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,GravyBacon1,"Mod it up, get the original Rome Total War Music, all is well."
76561198008335018,Recommended,214950,25046278,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ironsights,"With other total war titles out now, this one is sure to begin to decline in price. That is why I am writing this review now.The game cost me 60 bucks to buy, and over the years another 30 or so in DLC, the prices of which are all likely to come down now that this one is ""obsolete"".However, I put 500 hours into this bad boy, and will likely come back to it again when the feeling comes to me.Total war fans know what this is, and love it. For new comers, this game is a turn based empire builder with real time (pausable) battles.Decent graphics, good gameplay, literally hours of fun. Give it a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,214950,8520526,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,A Bad Medic,"Now that this game has been cured of its problems and rubbish design choices, it really is a spectacle to watch. Great campaign map with easy to manage cities and more detailed political ventures if you want to go that deep. The battles are great fun to watch and play, especially with the new battle camera. If you like total war or roman culture then go for it."
76561198000808260,Recommended,214950,2002514,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,The Irish Canadian,"War elephants, war dogs, cavalry, infantry, siege weapons, spartans, romans, and good strategy."
76561198012483288,Not Recommended,214950,12676617,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Viper,"My biggest complaint having played since Shogun is that the units bonuses make no sense what so ever.Italian Spearmen are by far the most OP units in the game, and can't be beat by melee specific infantry units.  Little to no tactics involved with the combat compared to original total war in which certain units benefitted significantly from fighting specific units with weaker stats or weaknesses.Sea combat is very boring, can very easily win just about every battle with fire or ramming over and over as AI doesn't know how to compensate.Graphics are fantastic, visual effects are great, but game play overall is lack luster.  Would not recommend spending the money on it until its no more then $20 if that."
76561198065096168,Recommended,214950,9435184,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Thompson_Tyler,"I have only one thing to say about this. THIS IS SPARTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. No really. This game is about as good as it gets, can't wait for next DLC/Game. Hoping they could do a little DLC pack for about a dollar to make a map and some abilites used in #300 but make the Spartans like what they would have IRL At the battle"
76561198115914719,Not Recommended,214950,9583540,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,eoinkeary,complete crap.more bugs than windows xpdont buy this garbage.
76561198017112301,Not Recommended,214950,19987407,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,walter,Two years after its buggy release ... it still crashes all the time. I can't believe Steam is willing to sell this crap.
76561198045715042,Recommended,214950,13797352,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rustyboyo,Took 4 hours to do the tutorial9.7/10
76561198128724737,Recommended,214950,21296302,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Father Osama,"On my Macedon Campaign......Diplomacy with Suebi:Me ""Hi ther old friend! Want to trade?""Them ""You may as well offer me a glass of♥♥♥♥♥♥ your people must think you are worthless...""4 Turns Later, they are begging for mercy after i captured all their regions (all 4 of their provinces)Me &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥Off!!""300/10 Slaves - would end the lives of thousands again just for a bit of banter"
,Recommended,214950,9978769,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,TP 25,"Some would say this game is terrible, but its gotten better, less glitches less often, I still think there DLC spam is uncalled for but its an alright game, id say wait until the price drops to pick it up."
76561198069418367,Not Recommended,214950,18056997,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Animam,"I hope SEGA will stop this horrible marketting scheme, STOP selling us so much DLC that should have been in the original game in the first place. And STOP downgrading game mechanics, gamers are'nt stupid, we want depth and challenge !You have one chance left, don't screw Warhammer up or you'll lose me as a customer forever, and probably the vast majority of the other fans of the series too."
76561198060859626,Recommended,214950,9504050,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,[Based]Shazaming,"Its not as bad as people say it is, not perfect but not awful 7.5/10"
,Recommended,214950,9504514,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,K Ś M,"Rome Total war II. Ahhh this game is very hard to review. First impression's was♥♥♥♥♥♥ complete waste of money but over time it became better and better. The launch was very bad, unfinished. Nothing like they showed us on the dev blogs etc. After many many updates and mods to make the game better and how it is now its better. Recommend with mods like Radious and the other newere mods like divide and such, and would i recommend if you are new to total war games? Mhmmmm kinda. Depends on if you tried this kind of game before. This is one of the easier total war games in my opinion compared to attila and such. But for new players, total war warhammer would be the best for new players unless you like the roman time period"
76561198059825711,Recommended,214950,12122743,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Horse Master,"I can finally say after the edition of Emperor edition update, the game is worth buying. it has fixed alot of the problems that it had and has some huge potentally in the future."
76561198059705589,Recommended,214950,9724091,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,soad,"If you like this type of game and love all the Total War games ,   then buy this and play it ! Ignore all the hate the game gets , because in reality, there is nothing broken or extrememly buggy from my POV what-so-ever.Also ,with mods , for example the Radious mod, the game is 100x even betetr !"
76561198007324938,Not Recommended,214950,18305788,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Megatanis,"This game is a wasted opportunity.Been playing total war games for a ""while"" now (shogun 1 anyone?) and imho Rome 2 does not represent a significant step forward under many aspects.It actually feels very bland and in some cases it's simply worst than its predecessors.Sorry I love the franchise, but in all honesty can't recommend this game.Get Shogun 2 instead, a really good game.Or Medieval 2 with all those great mods."
,Not Recommended,214950,9113914,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,jimbuu3,"Game is unpayable, many people are saying that it dumps frame rates and they are not wrong. I can run the game perfectly during battles on the highest settings but when i get to the campain map and move any unit into a settlement the frame rates just fall to an unplayable level. Could be an awesome game but who know i cant even get to the bones of it."
,Not Recommended,214950,9227538,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,ComaPrison,"Bad game. Do not buy. Take it from a pre-order customer who has a great deal of regret about this purchase. If you really want some good Total War, give Shogun 2 a try."
,Not Recommended,214950,9114243,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Every me a king,Its a decent game but save your money and buy Shogun 2 a better game in nearly all aspects
76561198073988905,Not Recommended,214950,31345540,Posted: 24 April,all,93907,"Medieval II Total War, made in 2005 is far better than this."
,Recommended,214950,7768498,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,AequalitaS,"When you liked the other  series of Total War then you are gonna like it too, with its known issues like AI.There arent big new features."
,Recommended,214950,7777751,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Emecume,"Awesome game, I mean there were a lot of bugs before, but now theyve fixed a lot, and is totally playable, my playing time, speaks alone about how I LOVE this game."
,Recommended,214950,9687132,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Johnnyboy,After the games launch this game was terrible. But after 10 patches the game is great! this is how it should have been during launch. I highly reccomend this game for anyone who enjoys strategy/war games. It's a must have for your library. The only bad thing I can say about this game is it is kinda dumbed down compared to other Total War titles but its still a great game.
76561198079495946,Recommended,214950,11852004,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,76561198079495946,-Started Game-Played Prologue-Took Only 2 Hours-Thought That Was It-Looked At Grand Campaign-Forever-It Will Never End-Rome Shall Prevail
76561198046434945,Recommended,214950,5209864,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,Amsta Squeek,good game if you like strategy!
76561197987119078,Recommended,214950,8580499,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Odd Moose [EGC],Too slow compared with other Total War games from the series and the transition into late game doesn't allow for sufficient advantage over another player through economic means. A large gold reserve doesn't allow you to crush your opponent militarily too as the total number of armies you can field caps out very early on.
76561198040492575,Recommended,214950,7932149,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ulysses S. Grant,Its good now with patches
76561198078912456,Recommended,214950,7636545,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Cuddles The Fish,"Great game. Had some issues at launch but has been fixed and its all better now. Also has Steam workshop for new units and reskins. Very fun, 9/10"
,Recommended,214950,7659478,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Kif Kroker,"While this game has gotten a lot of outrage by the community who bought it on day one, I have yet to experience anything completely gamebreaking that hasn't been patched.If you were a fan of the original Rome, you may be a little underwhelmed at first, but late game, like most total war games, is a bit of a chore to finish, but it still provides a lot of fun all throughout it.If you haven't played the first Rome, play it first before playing this, but this is still a deserving sequel to an amazing game.Edit:After not playing this game for a long time, I still enjoy playing it. Not nearly as much as I've enjoyed other total war titles, but still a solid game, especially after all the patches. The release was underwhelming and unacceptable, which is sadly becoming more of an industry standard. Many people have already said this, but instead of releasing a game when it's supposed to, but is not enjoyable either due to bugs or in Rome 2's case, fundamental game changes, do what valve does and release it later. At any rate, the point of playing a game is to have fun, and so far, it is meeting that expectation."
,Recommended,214950,7747005,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ShazAttack,"Great game!Yes there were issues on the release of the game but after several patches the game has been running far better.I do hope to see more features over unit packs in the future DLC's, that said can't wait to see a Lord of the Rings mod for this game ;-)"
76561198002402475,Recommended,214950,7753433,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Painful Diabetes,"One of, if not, the greatest games I have ever played. Sure, it started out pretty rocky in the initial release, but the weekly updates have done wonders for gameplay. Though I love it, it's still irritating having to pay for blood packs and factions. Please, just include them... If you want us to pay, make it an expansion or something. Please stop having me pay for the factions I know and love.--Andrew"
76561198025604634,Recommended,214950,7922185,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,starkwolf,"Brand new to the game, but I actually kindof like it. Granted, I have not played RTWI or anything else in the Total War series. However, Total War as a whole is very interesting. The biggest downside for me personally is crashing and replay glitches. As mentioned, this game has some serious bug problems. It also crashes (for me) unpredictably. EDIT: Crashing seems to have been fixed in the last updateIn terms of gameplay (I assume the whole Total War series works this way), it feels like a hybrid between Civilization and Age of Empires. Like Age of Empires, you can command your troops on the battlefield and organize formations in real time (except even better: you can pause it offline! Drives me crazy in Age of Empires!). Like Civilization, you can persue diplomacy, setup trade, and manage military positions from one province to the next in turn-based campaign. There are a few elements which really cannot be compared to either. Cinematic camera and inter-character communication is one of them. It does really feel like something from the movies. This game is probably even more combat dependant than Age of Empires, and far more combat dependant than Civilization. You are pretty much forced to wage wars of expansion, not just sit back on your haunches and make the world your friend. In Age of Empires it is theoretically possible to win by creating a wonder and develop such a powerful defensive network that few dare attack, and those who do suffer (I have never seen it happen except VS AI). In Civilization (AI games, I can't do online for some reason), you can use science, ""diplomacy"" (i.e. monopoly on city state puppets), and culture to avoid war, just as long as you have a significant military to intimidate the opposition. In RTWII, you pretty much have to take stuff over as part of the overall victory condition.I have to say, I have never played anything quite like it. A very interesting franchise, when it works.[I am not going to give it a /10 rating, because I have no idea what it would be]"
,Recommended,214950,9150099,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Destructor RPH,I Love this game and reccomend it to any strategy fan
76561198037163669,Recommended,214950,7475793,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Apolos,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing every one must try it if you are into strategy game I give this game 1000%.
76561197972441945,Recommended,214950,7779508,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Bulski,10/10
76561198079012772,Recommended,214950,7786540,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sev1508,"This Game is a mixed bag. Let's start with the bad thing. They are: the AI, which is very bad.... they tried to fix it but still is not good enough. Units during combat become chaotic and in turns in to a massive cluster f**k. The game had some performance problems but I have played it today again and it run very smooth on high settings (My rig is 3570k OC, EVGA 660ti 2gb, 8gb 1600 RAM CL9). The good thing about this game is... the scale. There is nothing like fighting with 3000 Romans versus a horde of 7000 barbarians. It also innovates from the previous iterations of Total War. It adds features like Land and Naval combat on one map. It has some limited politics but not as in depth as Crusader Kings 2. Overall I hated this game when it came out but the recent patches seem to have addressed most of the issues and now I found myself playing for 8h strait. I don't know much about multilayer as I haven't spent much time playing it. I don't like the fact that they put soo much DLC out for example they knew that people will want to play as Sparta so they decided to charge for it. If you are a fan of games like Crusader kings 2 or Civ 5 only buy this game if you miss the lack of advanced combat.Thank You for reading this review.It is my first review and I hope I can make more in the future."
,Recommended,214950,7871719,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Zukkini,swag
76561198121975294,Recommended,214950,17990435,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,erick,"I won a military victory as Carthage. I also played the first Rome (good game). In this game the variety in factions is huge and game play was ok but a few things bugged me. A campaign is way to long. It could use a short campaign option. Honestly you get to a certain point and you can not be beat but the game continues. You need to grind through all your allies turning on you. No que or auto build. Upgrades on spies, champions, generals and promotions are a HUGE bore. At least toward the end. I gave up doing them.During battles you start way too far away. If this is going to happen a 4x speed button would be better than 2x.So it is an ok game but to be honest I liked the first Rome better."
,Recommended,214950,12480158,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Nicezombie Skidiki-pap-pap,"When i bought the game it was very broken in many ways, but after Creative assemblys many patches the game now runs flawless. I would give this a 8/10 but with all the awesome mods out there that you can add to the game i cant help myself to give it a 10/10! If you like strategy games with an endless variority of mods this is a must buy!"
76561197977843564,Recommended,214950,12107580,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,JohnnyG1823,A Must Have!!!
76561197970547934,Not Recommended,214950,17231313,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,tristan,"I loved Total War: Shogun 2 so I put a lot of hours into this game and really tried to enjoy it. In the end I decided this game was way too convoluted, buggy and slow to be enjoyable. For me Shogun 2 found the perfect mix of playability and tactical/resource management and scope. There were plenty of great additions in this game including better graphics but the overall experience was a huge step back. I really struggled to finish a single campaign."
,Not Recommended,214950,12256108,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Brother Jayce,"Prime example of what greed does to good Game Developers. I bought Shogun 2: Fall of the Samurai for $5 and you bet your♥♥♥♥♥was worth it, but when ALL the Total War games are on sale for $5 you STILL have to pay $60 for this game, which by the way has released a year ago, and that alone is just an example of greed, greed, greed. You know what else released a year ago? Just something random, Assassin's Creed Black Flag is about a month younger than this game, so not quite a year, and I can buy it for $17 on Amazon, hell I paid $30 for the Mass Effect Trilogy and got 3 games. Not to mention the endless DLC whoring is on a whole new level for this game as well, just another way to con you out of your hard earned dollars.They may have also just made a few bug fixes and slapped a brand new name ""Emperor's Edition"" on it, but I've been playing for less than an hour and I've already crashed twice.. Crashes should have been fixed a long time ago, and I'm still seeing many bugs as well. Now for gameplay? Combat is boring, there is NO tacticality to it whatsoever, just big slug fests until one side routs after maybe a minute or so, regardless if they're veterans or not. Naval Combat is so horrible I don't even want to talk about it.. This doesn't even hold a candle to Shogun 2.. Spend $5 on this wonderful sale and get something worth it. I beg ANYONE who reads this review. DON'T GET THIS GAME. YOU WILL REGRET IT."
76561198085107826,Not Recommended,214950,32923873,Posted: 28 June,all,Wh,just don't buy this game its unplayable on release and till now it is still pretty unbalanced and boring to play definetly the worst total war that i have ever bought
,Recommended,214950,25920585,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Snooze,"With mod (like Divide Et Impera (go to the workshop), Rome II is great."
76561198018614870,Not Recommended,214950,17254073,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Red Bear,"Do you like a game+DLCs that cost a meal that could feed 50 Africans and still be as immersive and fun as adding dead rats in your basement? Do you like constant patching that makes any and all mods, no matter how simplistic or complicated, big or small, completely obselete and crash your game mid-load, like an abusive grandmother who decides to beat you half to death just because you mended her very shiitty, rotting quilt? Are you ready for the experience of more Total War games, along with the rest of the AAA genre, being hardcoded to the degree that adding any and all modifications requires the equivalent of doing plastic surgery on your unbelievably ugly dog? Are you ready for game modifications to be outlawed entirely and to bow down to our AAA overlords who wish to monopolise and otherwise basterdize the industry with shiit, so much so that pretty much all games may one day literally be hardcoded with complicated patterns featuring the word ""shiit"" and ""dogturds"" and ""monkey_dongs"" and ""filthy_peasant_consumer""?Then my dear comrade, Total War: Rome II is for you."
76561198066467202,Recommended,214950,12257916,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,adam4102,"probably the best game i have ever played, sure it had problems on release but now its pretty much perfect"
76561198008547291,Not Recommended,214950,11548023,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Caveira,"it isn't a truly review....it's more an alertI bought this game... i try to like, but it is difficult.I played all total war games since the first shogun...and I can say Rome 2 is the worst.I still prefer playing shogun 2.Eu comprei este jogo... eu tento gostar, mas é difícil.Joguei todos os jogos Total War desde o primeiro shogun... e posso dizer que Rome 2 é o pior!Eu prefiro continuar jogando shogun 2."
,Recommended,214950,14061277,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Blood Ravens,"First of all, I am not rating this game based on CA's strategy to pour out useless DLCs. Most of the DLC are next to useless, and priced so high, but you can choose not to purchase them, so the DLCs should not be taken into account. Unlike Crusader Kings 2 DLC that introduces new mechanics, TW Rome II DLC usually only introduce new units, new battles, and new campaigns. The campaigns may have new mechanics, but the mechanics only limited to that particular campaign, so I conclude that DLCs is not so important.Now on to the game.VisualsVisuals are pretty, the details of each units, buildings, and terrains are great. This is a Total War game anyway, so some individuals in units will look alike, but that should not concern you. Differences between units are quite good. Only few units in Roman are look alike to each other.Tactical GameplayBattles are great, there is nothing to worry about that. Early builds ""mash-up"" are not existing anymore. Though there are some concerns of AI pathing, especially when trying to sally out from your fortress, or getting through the breach in the walls. In these two particular situations sometimes the AI still gets to bunch up and refuses to get into the breach, which in siege battles have serious repercussions. Ladder/siege tower mess has been fixed too, units are not stuck again in the walls and have difficulty navigating the walls like previous Total War series. Individual units also have good abilities which can be used in battles, for example Testudo Formation in Roman legions. Archers and ranged projectiles units sometimes also have options on their ammunition, increasing ways to play the battle.Naval combat is not really my expertise, but it is good nevertheless. The usual wind is there. Most of the naval combat are resolved by ramming, so position is key, which are shown well in the game. Boarding actions are also shown in better hand to hand combat animation, and as always, ship sinking is shown beautifully.Strategic GameplayThere are not much changes from the previous series, that have to be admitted. There are some new ways : for example you have to build the cities and its villages, not only you build the cities. There are also a Civil War mechanic, and some small Roman politics. These all changes are small, and in no way compared to Crusader Kings II politics machinery. You can kill, bribe, etc. like in Crusader Kings II but the effect is somewhat lighter. The AI is also annoying, and seems a little bit stupid. Most of them kept asking for gold in exchange of peace treaty, while in fact your nation is the strongest military. It makes no sense, smaller nations will ask for peace treaty/NAP and give bigger nations tribute, in this game small nations force bigger nations to give out gold. Though in diplomacy sense, it is way improved than the last Rome Total War series. You don't have to send a diplomat agent anymore, and the actions of your nation to other nation will also be viewed positively/negatively by other nations.Conclusion :For Total War players, at the current build it is great to play, and great to have.You don't have to buy the DLC, I got one DLC from some bundles. Maybe I will buy them in future, but not now, they are priced too high for nothing, especially the blood and gore that should be in the game at the first place."
76561198013715451,Recommended,214950,26939663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hektor Varvaras {GR},This Total war game .... lacks so many things... has many glitches and is too vanilla ......... though with th help of many mods (you can check my collection) you can turn this game into an Epic Total War game like no other for this Ancient Period .
76561198084571255,Recommended,214950,30807360,Posted: 28 March,all,WiseAlexander6,"Great game, very addictive! Great fun playing as Rome. Multiplayer is a bit clanky, but the solo play is without compare. Also, I have downloaded several mods that work very well with the game, including new units, formations, etc. Recommend this game to people that like relaxing and just playing some strategy games."
,Recommended,214950,24974884,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KASVendetta,"Fun in a variety of ways, but very time consuming.  If you like playing the turn-based game, you can do that and let the computer manage individual battles.  If you prefer the real-time strategy, you can do that, too.  I found myself mostly playing the turn-based portion, especially later in the game, but it can become very time consuming to manage your empire as it expands, and it requires a lot of micromanagement to make sure that you don't over-extend yourself and wind up getting destroyed (just as the Roman Empire did)."
76561198038321808,Recommended,214950,8151764,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Lethal_Melon,DIS GAME IS GREAT ALL THE BUG ARE FIX WELL MOST
,Recommended,214950,8760673,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MacMillan,"Now I am going to write why this game isn't bad, to help stop all the warding off fans that is going on, this game deserves buyers in my opinion, but too the the point! In terms of this game, reviews are full of people saying ""It's so laggy!"" ""Unplayable!"" ""Crashes all the time!"". Well I can honestly say it was, but not anymore, and honestly bugs only affected a small shouty crowd of people who need anger management classess. I was infact affected by a start-up crash that happened only for a few days before the devs fixed it, and believe me, the devs have fixed all but a few bugs. Now too the game itself. One of the only negatives I have to say of the Campaign was the Political Interface, which isn't the point of a Total War game anyway. I can blame CA for getting people hyped on better Politics but again, it's a game based around a fantastic Battle Sim. The Campaign was buggy to start, again I experienced issues but I (Unlike some) was patient. This took a couple of weeks too fix mind but all was good. I thought that the battles had gotten better and graphics took a big leap and honestly, don't base your decision on all the release reviews."
,Not Recommended,214950,8779616,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,RedAlphaTails,"Now I know that I am writing this review a bit late since the release of this game. That being said, I do have a few things to say that have probably been said already. Rome II is the not long awaited sequel to Rome: Total War and though the game has been created in a era where better game mechanics can be made and better graphics can be created, The Creative Assembly has not made very many improvements to the original game. Many of the changes that you will see in this game will be in the campaign section, where TCA has decided to put much of their work on by making it simplistic as possible, and while I see that they are trying to expand their audience by making the UI of the game much easier, it ends up becoming a flop since they make it too simplistic. By making it too simplistic, you as the player cannot make very many changes to a specific provience and even finding the problem for the specific region can be difficult.Another problem that is in the game is the AI, and even though TCA has created so many game in the Total War series, they still have not tackled the bad AI issue. Much of the AI in the game is terrible, both in the battles and in the campaign section, on the campaign side the AI might put up some fighting chance in the beginning of the game but when you actually gain a large empire the game does not become fun due to the fact that the AI does not form any sort of coalition or federation to destroy you and you can just simply steamroll though the entire game by attacking them one by one. Also the balancing of the AI in the campaign map is certainly a huge problem, as the faction of the Roman Empire can easily be crushed by a single northern barbarian tribe or the mighty Egyptian empire can be destroyed by a random faction from west Africa, and many of the AI is very stubborn when diplomacy comes into play, when a large portion of the factions will not have any contact with you unless  you give them several thousand gold coins.As long as it has been in the Total War series, the battle AI has always been a considerability huge issue where TCA has never seemed to fix over each game. Various bugs and problems always seem to riddle the game where the AI will never play smart and most of the time will try to rush straight forward towards you or the units will stay in place regardless if you are on the defending side. The bugs in the game make the units might even just walk into walls or just run in circles, which saddens me because these problems are never fixed or are ""patched"" way too late in advance. As usual besides problems on land, the sea battles are just as awkward as ever as units sail through the land or cannot keep a single formation straight and even sail around the place just to board a ship that is right in front of them. The sieges in the game are an issue as well as the one centerpoint in its past games have been scraped and multiple points have been put in place where you have to defend from multiple sides. So in retrospect, instead of consolidating your forces into one last stand, you have to divide them up into two or three groups to fend off oncoming attackers, which is annoying and frustrating to me. *Side Note: When on the offensive side, throwing sticks at a gate is not a logical way to take it down!*As much as I could rant about the game there is only a small handfull of things that I could say that is a good thing about it. The graphics of Rome II do look beautiful and makes the landscape and its nearby cities look amazing, as well as the look of the soldiers but unfortunately it does make the game lag alot and makes load times unbearable. Another good thing about the game is it's expansive campaign map, where there are at least over a hundred proviences that you can take over which makes you feel like that you are creating a empire, which is nice since in other games (besides Empire Total War) you feel like the world map is very small and condensed.Though I could go on and on about the bad (and very few good things) about Rome II I feel like I have spoken enough about this game. Even though TCA will patch their game to fix many multiple problems and bugs, continuing to release games with a poor polish and huge problems will not help the Total War series in the long run. It is sad to see such a great series crumble like the fall of the Roman Empire, but if TCA continues to make these games in this terrible of state then the longevity of the series is doomed."
,Not Recommended,214950,12795492,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DarkNinjaa,"Brought this game a while back but haven't played it until today and all I can say is what an absolute pile of buggy assssssssssssss crap.I had an army attacking my rome settlement and lost because none of my troops would do what I commanded along with they wouldn't come down off the walls or move anywhere, had this happen on a few of the siege battles with various other problems.I swear the Total War series is just getting worse and worse, they need to learn how to release working games!!!!"
76561198089719501,Not Recommended,214950,10178516,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,The Black Fox,"I'm a self confessed Total War fan'boi'.I would not recommend this game. I feel dirtied for having purchased it. I didn't get it at release because of the current state of main stream releases; bring it out with a plethora of bugs and fix them as they're reported. I managed to dodge the mess that was this launch where the game was fundamentally unplayable.But it wasn't worth the wait. The game that is here now is a sad lament for what Total War games used to be. I've genuinely reinstalled Medieval 2 TW with 'The Third Age' mod to try and forget that this is where the series ended up.The game isn't very pretty. By modern standards it's actually quite clunky, in particular the campaign map which is quite simply ugly to a modern market. But who cares about the graphics; The gameplay is where the game really lets you down. The battles are tedious, easy, and feel less like fights between individual soldiers (a hallmark of the series) and more like you throwing elaborate rocks at scissors and avoiding the papers. The intergration between naval battles and land battles is embarassingly clunky, and offer hundreds of immersion breaking exploits such as landing a crew of peasants in the middle of a major city and taking it whilst the AI twiddles thumbs on the walls. There are mods that can salvage this, but it isn't fair to review the game on a modded version.The campaign management just isn't fun. You can tweak it with the mods again to rectify that, avoiding some of the now infamous 'agent spam' from the AI or also infamous 'pointless politics' which always culminate in scripted events whether you manage the country wonderfully or mash you face on the keyboard each turn. Building an invasion force becomes laughably easy on lower difficulty and pointlessly difficult on higher difficulty, tweaking the numbers rather than the ability of the computers.All in all, this had the framework of a masterpiece. I enjoyed my time on it and if you're an absolute die hard fan of the series like me, then come on , we both know you have to buy it. But I know that if you are like me, you may also shed a tear when you see the list of DLCs, including playing as some content they originally made for vanilla but are locked until you cough up  a tenner. I'm not sure if the worst part of this game is that I can't play as Athens if I don't pay money equivalent to a whole new game, or if I also have to pay more money if I want to put the graphic settings on gory."
76561198102467934,Recommended,214950,13407818,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,The Worst Fucking Thing,"After 500 hours of the game, i haven't been faced with any of the bugs everyone brings up. It is one of the funnest turn-based rts games i've ever played.It's always fun to jump into a multiplayer game and play with a random person, or start a new campaign and embark on a new journey. Either way, i can guarantee you will have fun."
,Not Recommended,214950,11715445,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,ObrGreup,"I really wanted to like this game.  I tried to like it, but I just don't.  So many of the things that Rome 1 had are simply gone in Rome 2 .. the game is nothing like the first.  The music was very dissapointing .. that was such an immursive quality about Rome1 that I liked.  The politics in Rome 2 are silly and I don't even care.  The characters .. well .. there is no family tree in Rome 2 so I don't care about the characters either.  The interface overall was very disappointing.  That damn floating dialog box following my cursor everywhere telling me that something was a swamp, or a forest ... WTF?  ... SO annoying!The thing I liked most was the ability to play so many different cultures.  But I did not notice any difference playing one culture or another.. same music .. same feel ... same disappointment.Uninstall ..."
,Recommended,214950,7963284,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,YSoProToss,"This game is simply amazing. It's a great sequel to the first game, and I intend to play it until I physically can't play it any more."
,Recommended,214950,7774588,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,MadMax,Wait for the patches to catch up to make the game playable.  Co-Op campaign or any multiplayer campaign is currently broken (Patch 7) as in you can play 5-10 turns and then it crashes.  No ways around it either.  Trust me.
76561198088867049,Recommended,214950,8322019,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,mcgeezacks,awsome game if you liked shogun you will love this.
,Recommended,214950,7850737,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TBMack,"I've been a fan of the Total War series since Rome Total War.This installment of series makes many changes, both positive and negative, but the ultimate sum of the equation results in one great game.  It's true, there are many aspects of the game that have been changed, some for the better and some for worse, but I give this game no less love.  There's nothing missing or added to this game that breaks the Total War formula, so unless you're hung up on the little things like no more family trees, or the fact that units can be transported across bodies of water without dedicated naval units, then this game is nothing short of amazing.  I can understand the gripes of the Total War fans that cry foul for some of the changes but, at its core, it's still a fantastic game.For people who aren't Total War players:Any fans of turn-based strategy will enjoy the dynamics of the campaign map, while also getting a huge thrill out of the real-time battles that are inevitable.  The amount of depth in this game is staggering and accounts for countless hours of enjoyment and fulfillment."
76561198004439287,Recommended,214950,23767858,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,♥K4te20♥,I already feel my social life fading away...
76561198011316066,Recommended,214950,10120322,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,ChrizzlyBear,"This game is simply astonishing! The graphics are incredibly detailed and realistic, showing every aspect of anchient warfare and cultures. Gameplay itself is very much differnt from other stradegy games, and is easy to learn. Overall rating from 1 to 10, i wil give this game a 8.5Happy Conquering!"
76561198032615472,Recommended,214950,9203040,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Louve,"Base game is broken, thank God there are mods that fix this broken mess. Dont buy it for the full price, buy it for 50% or 75% off."
,Not Recommended,214950,9512692,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Trash Man,"Been waiting for 8 years (even though Rome Total War 1 was released ~10 years ago) and I get slapped with this pile of pig manure. Couldn't play for the first few hours, as this game is terribly made and optimized. Especially since it's running the warscape engine, which is more towards projectile warfare rather than melee warfare and accompanied with one on one combat focusing only on kill animations to determine the death of a soldier. Battles just become huge blobs of clusters, with formations breaking really fast due to these ridiculous kill animations. To make this game even moderately enjoyable, it had to be modded very HEAVILY. More details on how terribly designed the game can be watched by,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXkWfEIALxMworth the long watchAngryjoe's review is also spot on with the mistakes made.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_QK-lcW8a8And unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this game, as I was looking foward to this since Rome Total War 1. But being a hardcore Total War fanboy, I tried and tried to enjoy it. It also upsets me that they are releasing these pointless $15 DLCs that add virtually nothing to the game. And $15 is just too much for something like that, epsecially with a broken game. But, they proceed to release DLCs instead of trying to fix the game, or perhaps as a stretch create an entirely new engine. Honestly though, I'll probably fall for CA's next Total War game, and preorder it, just to be dissapointed again (but everything can change if they make a new engine).This game can't be fixed, as the game is broken to its core. Its design and mechanics are terrible. And again, the core flaw is the engine itself. I don't really care for bugs, as they can be easily fixed with patches, but a game that is broken down to its design can't be fixed. You have strip the entrie game to its bone and rework it. Essentially creating a new game."
76561198026492763,Not Recommended,214950,9487332,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,HarryDunn,"Another glossy, shiny turd, anyone who has played this less than 50 hours, has fallen for the old demo trick, and has yet to notice major gameplay flaws. Every review you read about the ""amazing cinematic scale"" is absolutely right. And as far as a sequel goes that is all it has to offer.It has been gutted, do not look for deep civilization customizing you get three options; church, farm, barracks.The controls have yet to be refined at all. And the camera modes are both dog♥♥♥♥♥♥that rearrange automatically during the battle, ANNOYING!The difficulty setting only adds untis to the computer, easy=a walk in the park, hard= a walk off a plank, unless the computer is defending then IT JUST SITS THERE!And on top of that Creative Assembly has the balls to try and sell us $100s of DLC dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ like a gore DLC, You used to be able to turn it off and on and was standard with every game.I waited until the 8th patch to fix this game, I modded this game with 3 of the workshops top rated mods, and it is still a massive pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will remember this terrible game made by this terrible game company."
,Recommended,214950,9505823,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Happy :),"I enjoy this game very much! not worth 60 bucks tho. Iv already downloaded mods and they really make a difference and its easy as clicking on a button. I recommend Devide Et Imperia ( A complete Overhaul and trust me when i say it WILL make a difference just installing that mod alone. Better shields( Beta) Matched Combat Be Gone,having the mod to remove squaler penatlies is just great , and the mods have  only begun so eventually the community will do what Creative Assembly failed to do. Overall Its nice that they are  patching and fixing the game and its come a long way from that horrible BETA Full Release Cash In.Wait till it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,214950,8580843,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Favorite Hobo™,"Look, you may notice I don't have much time put into this game. Why? Well, let's start out with the issues that make this game pretty hard to approach.1. Optimization: Seriously, this is a PC ONLY GAME! Yet, compared to something like BF4 and AC4, games that were made with consoles in mind first, then PC, this game runs like garbage. I was having fps drops into the teens... ON THE MAP! And before you go ""Well, your computer must be low spec."" I'm running the game ABOVE recommened hardware! I have a 3rd generation i5 and a gtx 660 2 GB with 8GB of ram! That's above the recommended hardware. And no I am NOT running the game Maxed out, I'm running it on mostly high (which in this game is equivalent to medium), even though I can run Shogun 2 maxed out just fine.2. False previews: Even running the game maxed out on the benchmark, the game looked nothing like the footage we saw from the ""alpha"". Napoleon looks better than this...3. WAY too much DLC: I know TW has done this in the past with Napoleon: TW, but at least then you were only missing out on a few units (besides the one bigger DLC for the spanish campaign) and those units only costed maybe $2. This time around they are charging $8 for Greek States like Sparta and another $8 for Nomadic Tribes! They know everybody wants to play as Sparta, so instead of having it in the main game they decide to have it as DAY ONE DLC! That's just crap. And let's not forget they are now releasing an expansion, even though the core game STILL has MASSIVE issues.4. Battles: So they are still using the same engine used in Empire and above. The issue is that the engine was desinged for more modern combat and guns. It worked in Shogun 2 because you generally didn't have to have thousands of men attack each other, it was more organized and there were some guns here and there. This game is ALL hand to hand (well, mostly swords and spears) combat. So of course, the engine just doesn't work. The battles go REALLY fast (I took over a city and killed around 1,000 men, in 8 minutes, something that in Shogun and Napoleon would have take around 20 minutes and above) and since the AI is so dumb all you really have to do to win battles is send a few horses or guys to flank, and then just watch (which is hard to do becasue your FPS hits the floor).5. UI: This is the final reason and really the main reason I quit playing so fast. The UI is just cluttered and really hard to get around with. Managing cities is just akward compared to Napoleon and Shogun 2. Maybe playing through the campaign would explain it better, but I don't play TW for a story and scripted battles, I play it for my own little playground that I can have awesome and long battles, sieges, and diplomacy where I can stab smaller nations in the back or make a nation's allys turn on them and make them weaker. Also, the lady that explains things is REALLY annoying, I never really liked how they did that with a lady always bugging you to ""Do this and that and upgrade this or check on that."" But at least in the past I could figure it out on my own and mute her.Overall the two biggest issues for me is framerate and the UI. Maybe when the game is better optimized and I can finally stomach through the campaign with out my eyes hurting to figure out the UI, the game will be better. But considering the game has already been out for 4 months and they seem to be focused on DLC now, I doubt that will happen. Certainly not worth $60 even if the game gets fixed, that's just a dumb price for a PC game (where they are normally $50 or below at launch) At least wait till the Summer sale and maybe then it will be patched more.EDIT: So, I decided to go back and try out Rome 2 again, after playing through a decent chunk of the campaign, I must say I WAS having FUN with it. So now you may be asking ""why is the review still negative???"" well simple, city battles (which is what you'll be doing a majority of the time) are just...not good...at all. In the forest, where you can set up ambushes and take advantage of hills the game is actually pretty fun and it's quite a sight to see a guy get gutted by one of your loyal men, but in the city the AI just goes WHAAAAAAT????? It's just cluttered, you can't flank (well, not very well) because the city is so linear and the AI just sits there in the middle of the city where the flag is in this big ball of guys. This was an issue in Napoleon as well, but city battles then were more about taking over buildings and shooting from there, raining cannon fire from above, and shooting enemies accross bridges. This game is mostly melee of course, yet the city lay out is very similar to Napoleon it seems, which as you can imagine, IT JUST DOESN'T WORK! I have yet to ran into a ""game crashing"" bug, but the more I played, the more I just wanted to play another TW game that has more depth than this. I gotta be honest, it's the worst buy I made during the steam sale mainly becasue of how expensive it is. I just can't reccomened this game to anyone at it's current price. And now CA is working on a new Alien game so I think even they have given up on this game. Just avoid it, hopefully the next TW will fix things and be a step in the right direction (and if it's a melee focused game, CA PLEASE MAKE A NEW ENGINE and AI)"
76561198035852860,Not Recommended,214950,10040111,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,I Am Khal,Wouldnt bother buying until they fix whatever the hell they did to the start screen. Wont load at all and even though they know it isnt working they haven seemed to have fixed it in over 3 months. I wasted 60$ on a game that doesn't even work. RIP OFF
,Recommended,214950,7754458,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bobo the Doom,"Rome 2 is quite underated. Creative Assembly has put much work into making this game have incredible graphics and cinematic epiccness. Some of the technical aspects can have a learning curve, and there have been some hardware troubles, but this game overall is a wonderful game. Good job."
76561198029595695,Recommended,214950,7975838,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,KingKO,It GOOD
,Recommended,214950,9393848,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Romulan Empire,"good, not great"
76561198013323855,Recommended,214950,8105724,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,[RIP] chickenripper,"The hype, the tension for this title after Shogun 2 was massive for me and others that love the Total War franchise. Unfortunately the game lacks in many area's, the biggest area's are, number 1: The AI, which doesn't have a clue how to fight a battle, Number 2: The broken siege battles which have men dancing around at walls, men not climbing ladders properly and god for saken stupid AI movements. The game all seems a bit rushed in development and yep! patch 8 nealry and cleary that says this title was not ready for release and SEGA wanted to cash in quickly.Now I do recommend this game, WHAT!, I hear you cry, after the above words stated, well yes, I say this because I love the franchise and it's still a good real time battle game to get your teeth into and if like me you love the Roman era than it's fun to play for about an hour or two, yes unfortunately it's not as gripping as the previous games in the franchise and things are rather easy once you learn the new systems.Give it a go but don't be dissapointed when battles become a bundle of troops forgetting their military formation training or when the AI decides to do wierd things on the battle field. Fixes are coming thick and fast so hopefully the game will become more enjoyable very soon."
,Recommended,214950,8056199,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Oliver 'Ava' Meyer,"All right. Where do I start?The game is not the best Total War to date. In my opinion Medieval II holds that honour.But this is definitely a good game. Besides the rough start it had, it has managed to live up to most of its potential.If you want something good RTS, set in the time of the Gladius and Caliga, I can really recommend this game.Do not heed the butthurt haters who keep hating on the game. It works as it should now.Also, plenty of free DLC - you can't deny that.Audio: Great effects, and good timing for the soundtracks, though the soundtrack itself... They could crank up on the instruments, the violins and the overall intensity.Graphics: A small hiccup here or there. Overall good graphics. Though it does crave a bit.Gameplay: Fun game to waste some spare time with. Don't expect it to keep your full attention past the 150 hour mark though."
76561198008459222,Not Recommended,214950,9093467,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Godwin,♥♥♥♥ing worthless
76561198066191021,Recommended,214950,8011212,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,kelskry,This is a great gamebuy it it is worth it
76561198035890004,Recommended,214950,8611164,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Krombopulos Michael,"Like a lot of people, I waited for a few months until I considered Rome II after its disastrous launch. While some people still claim the game was not fixed following eight patches, I still took my chances, and bought it when it was on sale. Call me a sucker, but I love the Roman Era, and the Total War franchise. Before I installed any mods to the game, I played the vanilla for awhile to see how bad it was. Maybe I was not looking hard enough, but it performed like any Total War game I've played. Yes, the AI would do some stupid stuff now and then, but every Total War game I've played has the AI occasionally making stupid choices. My biggest gripe about the game is how poorly optimized it is. I have a mid-tier rig, so of course I'm not running it at max settings, but even on medium or high, the game experiences texture pops, and significant frame rate drops every so often. It's clear Creative Assembly wanted to make the game next-gen, but left many of their loyal fans who don't have a nice rig out. So if you don't have a high-end rig, don't be surprised if you run into these problems. After awhile, I installed the Radious Total War Overhual Mod (Highly Recommend), and since then, I really haven't experienced any issues with the game. I've been playing a multiplayer campaign with my friend, and it has gone pretty smooth. So far, my time playing Rome II has been mostly enjoyable especially with the Radious mod. However, I do not recommend paying full price for this game as CA does not deserve it. Wait for it to go on sale before considering it. It's a fun game, but it could have been even better had CA, and Saga not pushed it out the door so early. If you're not really into this franchise, don't waste your time, but if you are, and you've been on the fence due to the mixed reviews, my opinion is that the game is in working shape, and better with the Radious Mod.  (I give it an 8/10)"
,Not Recommended,214950,9094657,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy","Buy Shogun 2 or Fall of the Samurai for half the price and play a game two to three times as good. This game is and was a mess, no amount of patching can fix blatantly missing features and terrible AI. Save your money, save your sanity."
76561198047755616,Recommended,214950,7796054,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,walka,thank you creative assembly i love all of you so much the total war series has been more then awesome and i only hope it continues to live on
76561197960346510,Not Recommended,214950,24910687,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TheCinC,"I'm a long time fan of Total War games, from the original Shogun - Total War onwards. That was a great game: building castles, recruiting units, expanding through battle, placing my archers on hills overlooking the battlefield with heavy infantry up front, watch the enemy get mowed down and continue my advance. Since then I've bought most of the sequels. But the past few games, I have been disappointed more and more. Mods needed to address certain issues, too much DLC for things that should have been part of the game, little to no improvement to AI, bugs, bugs, bugs. So after Shogun 2 came out, which was the last game I bough on pre-order, I waited to buy TW:Rome 2. I read nothing but negative reviews and saw videos about a laughable AI and buggy game. I sighed a sigh of relief. But I've loved these games for so long and the game seemed interesting, so I bought the latest edition when it was on sale, hoping that all bugs and other issues had been fixed.Shortly after buying Rome 2, I started to play a game, playing the Roman faction, but was almost immediately hit with an uprising, which of course consisted of a much larger army than I had available. So I quit, disappointed. Fortunately there are plenty of alternatives.Today, I decided to try again. I chose Britain, wondering if I could start the British Empire a bit sooner. So I start off with one province and an army, already at war. Fine. I work my way to the confusing and cartoonish interface, ignoring the useless advice of my adviser, and build up my economy and my farming skills. Then I notice my army is dying. In my own city. Due to famine. How can my army already be too big for my food supply, when this is the army I started with? But I am already addressing that, so I don't worry about it. Attrition takes care of nearly all of my troops as I research upgrades and build a fishing village, but the food shortage never abates. Then an enemy army enters my lone province. It is about twice the size of my own army was, but my army is now a shadow of its former self. The game crashes and I restart. Then I send my lone spy against it to poison its food supplies, hoping to reduce it in size. Success! My food shortage is also finally taken care of, by building another upgrade. So obviously the next turn two more armies from other factions turn up in my province, marching to within striking distance of my own city. It seems as if I can't just replenish my troops or combine two or more low strength units to form one full strength unit, as I could in previous games. But both enemy armies are also larger than my original army and my army has had one turn to recruit an additional unit and recover a bit from the attrition. Looks to me like I'm doomed, three large enemy armies in my only province, ready to attack me. Why would I even bother to continue this game?Moreover, why would I bother to try again? With one crash in the few minutes I've spent on this game today, I'm not sure I would not be forced to manually save each and every turn. Why would I spend time trying to understand the cartoonish interface, when I will probably be crushed by the AI randomly declaring war on me early on? I'm not even sure that late game I won't be forced to spend most of my time waiting for the AI to complete its turns. I really wish they would spend more time on bugfixes and testing before releasing these games. The original Shogun was a work of art, even by today's standards, although the graphics are obviously outdated. In contrast, recent games look great, but play very poorly, if at all, and feature way too much obvious money grabs in the form of DLC. They feel much more like they have been produced on assembly lines and shipped out whenever the due date was reached on a marketing department's calendar. I can't help but feel that the developers must be disappointed themselves as well. They are probably aching to actually finish their product, but are forced to work on the next title. I wonder what their sales figures look like. Total War: Warhammer looks like another case in point. Beautiful to look at, but too expensive, probably filled with bugs, and certainly with money grabbing DLC. Sorry, maybe I'll give it a shot when it comes on sale, maybe I'll just pass on it entirely. I had hoped they would have learned from all the feedback from their earlier games, especially from the debacle that was Rome 2, and mended their ways. I don't see how you can keep a games company afloat by alienating your core audience. But apparently they have chosen the EA way. Just grind out game, after game, after game, hoping that people will keep buying them, and not notice their defects until afterwards. Sorry, but I'm not going to fall for that any more."
76561197982370336,Not Recommended,214950,8325709,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Secret President,"The Total War series has always been my favorite RTS series because of the realistic and cinematic battles that have never been repeated in other games. Each of the total war games have been almost a piece of art, providing interesting and strategic gameplay unlike other RTS games. I was quite excited on hearing the reveal of Rome 2 and have look forward to it ever since. As soon as I was able I bought this game in prerelease it was pretty excited before the release of the game. When the game finally was released however I was extremely disappointed after playing only two battles. I Immediately jumped into the combat by playing custom battles and quickly began to realize that the AI (advertise on being the best AI in total war history(really just watch the videos)and ended up being the worst AI I've seen in a video game. My first battle the AI decided to throw all 2000 of its troops at a single unit of Calvary allowing me to simply surround the destroy the enemy. Another battles I found that the enemy AI often would commit  on the strongest side of my line or simply refuse to attack me even though they are the aggressor. If you're curious on what I'm talking about simply look at the many  videos that display the ridiculous AI. When playing the campaign I was also quite disappointed by the AI other factions on the campaign map. The UI also feels unfinished along with the tech tree and a lack of a family tree. If you asked me what I truly felt is the biggest problem of the game my answer is simply the game was not finished. This game was not only disappointing but it really made me distrust this company and will make me more cautious on future releases. I will probably never preorder another game due to this experience and I urge anyone not to purchase this game due to the fact that it was not finished. Instead of fixing many of the problems that are in this game they have decided to make DLC  to squeeze out as much money out of people that were willing to purchase it. This review may seem very harsh however my hope is to see better games from creative assembly in the future and hope that Sega never pulls this ever again."
76561198007283050,Not Recommended,214950,9494216,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kalanar,This game ruined the Total War series for me. Never again will CA get a dime from me without some serious repentance.
76561198087316832,Not Recommended,214950,9537620,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Punished John,A terrible game with piecemeal DLC and all the trembling ambition of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ penguin.Do not buy.
,Recommended,214950,7826261,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Haqq.Al.Yaqin,"Every TW fan has been waiting for this moment. Since 2005, since RTW1, we have all waited for a new game, and here it is. What can i say? Gameplay has been improved, and graphics kicked to a whole new Level. Campaigns are hard and interesting, but the problem of the game was its release. On the 3 of September when all of us waited home, and counted seconds and minutes, and when it was released, we all started playing, and we where dissapointed. Tons of bugs, and other major problems, but now the game has been patched, and tis great. How far will you go for Rome? Well not far, at least to your toilet. and thats it. Good luck with the game, this is the time to buy it :D"
76561198008090643,Recommended,214950,8572241,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Souk Madik,"I have extreamly enjoyed this game. I do not have the best of PC's and it seems to run fine with the higher settings on, even with some of the larger battle with up to 6 full armies the frame rate is still smooth. The new Campaign map is stupendously expansive, when launching my first playthrough as Rome I am still finding the game enjoyable several months down the line, the map is that big! The foes that you encounter are also varied from the ruthless Germanic tribes to the bands of ferocious elephants from Africa. You have to adapt you play style for each faction using certain factors to your advantage to obtain victory over your enemy. Truly is a superb game, a game where no bugs have yet to be encounted, when it was on sale for £14.99 I could not believe my eyes as this is a mind-blowing price for a game with so many hours of monsterously awesome playtime."
76561197989968199,Recommended,214950,8804459,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Jvillion,AWESOME!!!!! Great buy! Many hrs of fun!!!
,Recommended,214950,27751448,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,armadaxster,"I know there are a lot of issues with this game. BELIEVE me, i have been there. I waited for patches, fixes, hot fixes. But it paid off. The AI still not great, it wont manage their army like a strategist, but a monkey sometimes. Diplomacy is not that convincing. Yes YES I know, where is the family tree? But this game takes you into ancient atmosphere. I have not played total war games a lot but rome 2. This one i like. If you like strategy, and rome, i say give it a try. Recommended for Sale Purchase."
,Not Recommended,214950,24262034,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Daedalus,"A huge step back from its predecessor in almost every way, Rome II is the most disappointing TW game since Empire. With that being said, the modding community is excellent and there are many mods which transform this relatively mediocre game into a masterpiece. But this is not a review for the mods, it's a review for the main game. While many of the problems this game had a launch have been fixed, the core gameplay still has massive problems. If this game looks interesting to you, go purchase the original Total War: Rome. That game is a true masterpiece."
,Recommended,214950,7855199,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Ø76923,"Total War: Rome II was a Pyhrric victory.On one hand, Creative Assembly and SEGA made a lot of money. That's great for them, I'm sure it'll keep them warm at night.On the other, it left the fans bitter toward the developers and the producers, having been tempted by virtue of its predecessors. Where Rome I - for its time- was a phenomenal game, Rome II has failed to live up to its hype. Perhaps we have just grown older.Coming on to the Emperor Edition of Rome II, we have finally recieved a game worthy of the series' reputation and the money spent acquiring the thing.Rome II set out to change the series, which is an admirable goal almost achieved- but not worth alienating its established audience.Technical issues appeared, of course. One of the most off-putting was the change to the campaign's factions. Fans requested a more in-depth faction system, and CA divided the world according to numerous historical nations and tribes. It sounds good on paper; the sheer amount of factions, however, breaks the flow of the game by extending end turn times and slowing AI growth, so that the player's empire--once established--has no clear rivals, such as in Medieval II.Some of my pet peeves include the Faction DLCs- the worst of which is the Greek States DLC that cost me more than reasonably- and the odd lack of historical battles, which I fear may also become paid DLC. My will to make this game work paid off when I picked up the nomadic Tribes free, but it will take more than a few new cultures to fix this game. I particularly dislike the campaign AI, which takes its quantity-over-quality armies and finds the most isolated lands nearby to carve a short-lived empire before my army can sweep in, and I am forced to manually fight an easy battle that, if autoresolved, would have had my legions scattered. The political system is difficult to comprehend, as little clear indication is given of how it actually affects the game; it's no better (and not much worse) than Rome I's system. Similarly, character levelling is difficult because they die off quickly, and there is no longer an ability tree- you are choosing abilities blind.I found that many players complained about issues that simply required them to have had experience with past Total War games, or to have simply done a little exploring of the game to understand. The two that stood out for me were the battle AI and the new province system, and those issues and solutions are respective of each other. Let's face it: Total War's AI has never been top-quality stuff. I take it many of the complainers weren't around when it was making the same poor decisions in the previous games- that said, it is somewhat odd that CA hasn't yet developed a more advanced AI to give the seasoned commanders a proper challenge. As for the province system- it works. Move on.Luckily, most of the issues stated above are able to be fixed, whether it is by the developers themselves or by the now supported modding community. Negativity aside, there have been many great additions to the game that I hope will remain. The province system brings a level of strategy to building your empire, as you must now choose your buildings carefully, rather than simply your build order (arguably, that was present in Shogun II but grouping the cities into provinces shares their effects which improves the system). In battles, the men talk to each other and give the feeling that a battle is really going down; the cinematic camera works very well with this. Unfortunately, the unit-vs-unit AI is hard in my PC, and I can't view the battles up close. You can also now choose to fight replay battles again (Note that they're called 'replays' and not 'recorded battles'- as such, don't expect to be able to relive your finest battles exactly as they went).Just remember: almost everything that made Total War what it is is still here.With everything said about the DLC, if you have the money I believe they're all worth it. The campaigns can give you access to neat mods on more detailed maps, and the paid DLC factions are certainly worth buying if you take a particular interest in those cultures.It's still big, epic Total War. Buy this game on sale (like any game ;3 )"
,Not Recommended,214950,8030868,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Bernie Sandwiches,"Pros- Better graphics(Could be a con too because the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥on all settings antialiasing doesn't even seem to work and SLI is not compatible so my GTX 690 is running at half speed)- Large map, unit skill tree- Army stances- Many mods in the steam workshop to try and fix the game- Well... that's really all that I can think of currentlyCons- Expensive and overpriced. This game is not worth $60, maybe $30.- If you loved everything about the first game you're going to be dissapointed. Total war Rome II took everything we loved about the first and limited it or removed many features that made the original game good.- Food limits on army- Limits on maximum number of armies- Can no longer split armies with free will- Skill tree is unorganized and weak(+5% increases very low to do anything) use a mod- Family tree was removed- Bad politics system- Many graphical bugs- DLC isn't worth it, the blood and gore DLC only adds a blotch of red on the enemy because the graphics are bad."
,Recommended,214950,7757567,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tormidal,"This review is going to be longer than most I typically write.Im going to start by touching on various bases:The Campaign/Grand World Map:Total War has always been known for scale. This game is no exception. Creative Assembly has created a hugely detailed, highly interactive(It feels like it was built for touch, sometimes), and deceptively simple interface. The map terrains and army models are of extremly high quality, as should be expected from the developers.The Battles:As always, Creative Assembly has come out on top in terms of qualities and looks; the feel and details of the units and battlefield are astounding, and the sounds that go with entire Roman Centuries slamming into Celtic Tribesmen make the experience complete. The Blood&Gore packs only adds to the completion of this experience.The AI:This is the game's biggest flaw. The AI in battles can be....well, predictable. Challenging, but like all AI, supremely predictable. This is only doubled by the sheer idiocy of the AI on the lower difficulties, and the fact that the only reason the AI will win on the hard difficulties, is not by outsmarting the player, but being able to control biggers amounts of units, faster.Other than the AI, Total War: ROME II is a great addition to the fantastic series that Creative Assembly has created. While it lacks true political integration(much like that of Medieval 2, with its Papacy roles and elections, or even Rome 1, with its approval ratings of the Senate and Plebs), Rome II is still a lot of fun, not just by yourself, but with friends.In my opinion, SEGA should have delayed the release a little longer, to let Creative Assembly finsh the game. But we can't have everything."
76561198026329509,Not Recommended,214950,8115903,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,EpicApotheosis,"This is the worst Total War ever made. They really dropped the ball on this one. I would not be paid to play this game. It has some of the worst design I have ever seen in a strategy game. The interface now is totally ""Streamlined"" which just means an extra click here and shiny green bars instead of numbers. The B team made this game not the people that brought us the original ROME total war which was at the least fun to play.Stay away if you want anything like previous instalments such as shogun 2 or Med 2 Total war. Shame on you CA.The AI is totally backwards compared to other total war games and that is really saying something. The heart and soul of this game is missing."
76561198046029338,Recommended,214950,9614514,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,In The End,"Yes this game has its flaws. I like the traditions system, and the new diplomatic functions. I have not experinced the bugs for which people seem to be complaining about. Rome TW the orginal is still my favorite TW ever. This game runs better than Emipre does. framerate is good. sometimes the AI gets a little off in the battles but in the campiagn they are very intelligent. Diplomacy actually works unlike previous titles (atleast on Hard) The hate for this game seems unjustifed. I would give it a solid 8/10 not Strategy game of the year but good. P.S I believe this game runs better on intel processers (i use an i7) Try to get this game on sale which is where i got it for. Well worth $30"
76561198037622625,Recommended,214950,9873546,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Asterion Kane,"Okay, here's my verdict on Total War: Rome II.When I was looking into buying this game, I read through some of the reviews, many of them being negative. This really surprised me, seeing all the previous games, (Empire Total Warout, Shogun II, etc) were all quite awesome. So, disregarding the many negative reviews, I went out and bought it anyways. And that was the best decision ever.As I was playing the game, it came to my why so many people were hating this game. There is no easy solution. You can't just shoot your way out of everything, as in Battlefield or Call of Duty. If you are expecting a quick and easy thrill, stop, hit the back arrow, and buy a FPS game. This game is not for the faint of heart. It's a strategy game for crying out loud! So all the reviews complaining about how %$#&ing hard the game is, you should really just get a life. As I said before, if you don't like games that go deeper than point and shoot, you should never play the game. Also, about all the comments of the glitches and such, I'm pretty sure that they are all fixed now. I have not experienced any yet.So now down to the business of actually reviewing this game:Pros:-Graphics are jaw dropping. I've been playing on medium, but I have seen the ultra high graphics on a friend's computer, and if you've the hardware to do it, it's really worth a look!-With the added 4TPY(4 Turns per Year), your generals and agents last longer. Also, the seasons look really good too.-""Money is the sinews of War"" Those of you who have played the first Rome will probably remember this quote (If I quoted it correctly). This saying is especially true to this game. Never have I had such a involving economics in a game. Your every action will effect the game outcome, from the generals you hire, to who you make treaties with.Cons:There's not very many cons.... just a few for me:-What is with the unit cards? They look like cave drawings! These always looked better in previous games.-The encyclopedia. Total War, what were you thinking? What you had in every other game, up to Shogun II, was working perfectly fine. Now, it's dependant on the internet, is not laid out nicely, and is a pain to use. Bring back the old one please!-And lastly, a bit of nostalgia from the first Rome. Anyone else remember when you could click on a city, and view the city in real? As you flew through the city you could see the barracks you built, and that lovely shrine to Athena.... Why? Why is that gone?Overall though, I love this game. Every time I sit down to play this game, I put on my laurel wreath and say with conviction: ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" (I came, I saw, I conquered!)So really, if you want a challenge, I dare you to play this game. Otherwise, just go back to whatever else you play...."
,Recommended,214950,7891863,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Redmania,"I have tried the other games in the total war franchise. How can people even begin to call this game a heap of crap in comparison to the other titles in the series? Are we even playing the same game?If CA released games like Empire or Medieval 2 today, I can garuntee it would get♥♥♥♥♥♥on like no other game before. How can people complain about the graphics in Rome 2 when they are the best in the series. This is the first game in the series that has a serious graphical texture to it. I simply can't get over how cartoony the majority of others look.The music in this game fits perfectly, and as a student majoring in music at the University of Toronto, I like to think I have an educated opinion on the subject. This game demands background music, and it delivers. It is not riddled with melody, because that would simply be too distracting. The rips in the french horn, and the glorious moments from the brass section capture the modern view on Rome excellently.When I first booted up Medieval 2, I was surprised to hear that a Kyrie was playing on the menu screen. At first, I thought they had actually brough medieval music into the game, but once I entered the game, I was met disapointing upbeat synth.Rome 2 has a huge emphasis on diplomacy. Whole alliances of several smaller states rising up against my larger empire removes the old steamroll that was found in the previous total wars. In empire, once I became larger than any one of my neighbors, I was usually able to steamroll my way across the land. In Rome, each civilization is a challenge, and their much more aggressive behaviour makes it even harder. However, there are a few options, such as the ""threaten to declare war"" option, and the ability to ask for/give land, that I sorely miss from past total war titles. However, this lack of options does NOT mean that Rome 2's diplomacy is broken, and if anything, the diplomacy in Rome 2 is stronger than any other title seen before.The political system is not as complete trash as most people are saying it is, but it is definetly several steps back from the previous titles. CA sorely needs to implement a family tree system, and create a logical political system ASAP. Another thing that I miss about Medieval 2 is the numerous traits that generals gained. Generals had so many traits that eventually I could get to really know them as people. In Rome 2, there are hints at the general's personalities, but nothing as emersive as Medieval's.The seiges suck. But after playing empire, where the ENTIRE REASON I stopped playing was because of the crappy seiges, and how rediculously frequent they were, seiges in Rome 2 feel amazing. The AI has gotten much better with seiges, but they definetly need improvement. This includes, waiting to build seige equipment before attacking, and attacking with all said equipment all at once, instead of a few at a time. Also, giving the AI the ability to attack from multiple angles is sorely needed. I believe these issues can be fixed however.One important point to note is that seiges are much less frequent in this game. The majority of the battles i fight are out in the field and absolutely glorious. The AI, contrary to popular belief, uses the terrain to it's advantage. I had one battle where the ai used a massive sand dune to move its entire army, and thereby get right behind my balistas. With the use of provinces, the number of walled cities has significantly been reduced, which therefore reduces seiges. The size of the map also lends a hand to the increased number of field battles.Many people are saying Rome 2 is drop dead easy... Rome 2 is the first of the total war games where I have actually lost a campaign. The AI brilliantly attacks vulnerable cities, and effectively uses agents to cut off armies from eachother. The AI is very VERY clearly the best I have seen in the series so far.One important factor to take into account when looking at Rome 2 is that there is now a restriction on the number of armies one may have. This MASSIVELY improves the game, and I feel like not a single person has touched upon the subject. In Empire, the AI would have hundreds of small armies running around, making it impossible to strategically place my own armies. With a restriction on armies, I now have to strategically place my armies once ive reached the limit in the late game, as opposed to simply pumping out 10 at a time in the late game, once money no longer matters. This restriction on armies now grants the possibility for one to actually have their empire crumble, as opposed to being unstoppable with unlimited armies.People are complaining about how clunky and bad naval battles are. And while I agree, the AI isn't the smartest, it is not nearly as bad as people thing. People need to realize that ancient naval battles simply were not very tactical, especially when compared to the naval battles in the napoleonic era. This grants the illusion that naval battles are broken, but in my opinion, they are exactly as boring and free of strategy as they would have been in the ancient world.In terms of bugs and crashes, I have experienced very few. I had an issue with my game not loading past the title screen, but this was easily fixed. The only major bug i found was with the balance of power back in patch one, where every faction i encountered thought they were exactly as powerful as myself, even though I may have been an absolute superpower. This ended up destroying diplomacy, especially as a barbarian faction, as many barbarian factions wont trade/join confederation if they think you are not a total badass.Some are saying that pikes need a buff. I have never seen more♥♥♥♥♥♥in my life. Pikes are easily the most powerful units in the game WHEN USED EFFECTIVELY. The units themselves are next to the level of the mob, as they should be. When placed in proper positions, pikes absolutely wreck. People simply need to learn to play the game to apreciate their power.Another issue with the game is the auto resolve option. While it is broken, and generally kills more units than you should lose, I don't have a problem with this issue. It forces you to actually play most battles, which should be the entire focus of the game, practicing battles and getting emersed into how your empire is forming. If the entire game could be auto resolved, I would have little connection to my empire, and the history of its expansion.This game now has a stigma against it for being terrible, and people are failing to see that. It has it's issues, but they are so minor that they can easily be ignored. This game is the best in the series that I have played. I have heard great things about Shogun, but I would not be able to get past the lack of variety in the game, and the narrow portion of history that the game has to go off of. With Rome, there is so much history to explore, recreate, and change. If you are a fan of the series, do not buy into the crap that these dramatic haters are giving this game. Look at it objectively compared to the rest of the series, and you will know that it is one of the best."
76561198021221772,Recommended,214950,13115548,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,CSKA Moscow,"Buying the game now because its a deal? Excellent move, by buying it now you've avoided the Godawful state the game was in at release, and dodged the crucible that we  loyal fans of the franchise suffered through to create this brilliant end product that your about to buy at 1/4 the price we bought it's POS (practically)beta for, which make no mistake is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥Changing gears, This is now an excellent game. Was it a year ago? No, it was terrible. Now though this is likely one of the best in the series, superior AI to previous games, pretty well ballanced multiplayer, and loads of content. there are a lot of people what will tell you this game is terrible, because they bought it at launch and still have the bad taste in their mouth of having SEGA put a giant steaming dump on a plate and selling it to loyal fans for $60. The game now is no longer the bloody excriment of of a constipated poo that was rushed out too quickly. we can only thank The Creative Assembly for the transformation this game has taken, through over a year of hard work 16 patches have saved the name of perhaps the most beloved game in the franchise.The AI has gotten at least 3x better, and now is at an incredible place, the game is far more polished, it looks at least 2x better and is more optimized for low end PCs. The DLCs are decent, terribly expensive for some not so great factions, but hey your probably gonna buy those on sale if at all. I WOULD reccomend this game, It is in fastastic shape and only getting better, it has an incredible community and terrific support from its makers. If this game got a new metascore I would guess it moved to the low-mid 90's."
,Recommended,214950,10519887,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Tylerj12,"+ New army tradition feature is great+ Graphics are very variable and game will work on low or high quality machines+ Ai are much better and try to fight against you with more tactics, unlike in Shogun 2: Total War where, if they knew they would win, would charge everyone in straight away ( Even on legendary)+ Great modding community+ Very large map to conquer+ Multiple ways to win- Worse than older Total War games- Very glitchy and feels unfinished- Not well balanced units (you can win with an army of pikemen as they are extremely over powered)- Multiplayer campain can be really glitchy and crash- The unit cards all look the same- not a very large variety of units to choose from"
,Recommended,214950,9840884,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,--{-ZEVA-Venansula,"Good game. and very entertaining aswell. Single player so complex and the multiplayer are challenging. After a couple of months from it released, i think now the game can be enjoyable."
,Recommended,214950,8354138,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nodelman,"This game is absolutly amazing. Aside from the rough start, this game has been nothing but fun for me. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves unit control games."
,Recommended,214950,7849894,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TKL,"FOR ANYONE THINKING OF BUYING ROME II ON SALE:After 100 hours:Rome II is largely playable right now. It runs fine on my 6950 + i5 2500k at High settings with AA.The game is still easy, even on max difficulty. However, the AI seems largely more active in terms of diplomacy (declaring war on you, asking for trade agreements, asking for help in wars) and creates quite large empires in the endgame, which are great news.Overall, I'd say that this game's best feature is in the variety of units and factions. It has a gigantic world map and an unprecedented amount of factions, a reasonable amount of which are playable (and a new one, Baktria, is on the way). This lends some great longevity and entertainment value. Also, the new province system is pretty pleasant to manage, altough the simplified building choice is a definite negative point. Overall, the UI is objectively simplified compared to the previous games. It's up to you to decide if you like it or not, I personally enjoy it.The siege AI is awful. It doesn't respond to slingers depleting their ammunition at them. It also engages in fruitless attempts to climb walls with two isolated units of ladders (which get destroyed) and then attemps to burn the gates with a few units while their friends stand 50 meters away. Never seen them use anything else but ladders, altough other people have seen it use siege towers and such.Multiplayer is stripped of depth and most good things introduced in Shogun II are gone. It is barebones and the co-op desynchronizes frequently. Some units are too powerful (elephants and chariots).Overall, it's an enjoyable game with a ton of flaws. Graphically, it's good with mods, and okayish without them.I'd give it a 7/10 for the singleplayer, 3/10 for the multiplayer.To clarify: this is after 7 (!) patches. The game at release was utterly broken. Hopefully this will help you in your purchase."
76561198040712182,Recommended,214950,8057951,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,eyeballshot,"As a highly anticipated title and a successful franchise (and me being a huge total war fan)  Rome II is quite the dissapointment.  New players to the franchise may enjoy it more then old players who are used to the challenges in previous titles.  Its also accompanied by a list of glitchs which they continue to fix, but lets face it its been out for a while now a lot is still broken and there seems to be some performance issues even on high end machines.They continue to patch the game so hopefully they can balance out the game more to make it worth the 59$ asking price.  Also they should consider making the game itself 100% playable rather then put out add-on content for a game that plays like something barely out of beta.- Poor Campaign AI [I've beat the campaign twice on Legendary, it can be rough at first, but once you learn to stabilize your economy and keep provinces happy, Food/Money are no problem as you progress.  I ended both campaigns with millions, the hardest part is the civil war, but its not as hard as it is annoying.  Once the civil war ends factions fall easily one by one- Poor Battle AI [Again on legendary the battle AI is sloppy and lacks tactic.  Peltasts are over powered, Ballistas are over powered.  AI sends its cav at your flanks to early, which results in Melee vs Melee while you sweep your cav in and clean up the enemy missle units.  Every faction fights the same as well so its all predictable.BloodPack addon - the charged addition of some gore is also a let down.  Blood spray/splattering is awesome, but the blood detail on dead/hurt units is very sloppy also you have to look very close to see dismemberment if at allCeaser in Gual - I havent yet purchased or played.  No opinion other then it SHOULD BE FREE to all the people who preordered the game and delt with the sloppy unplayable first few weeks of Rome 2's release.  SO i've yet to give in and contribute another 15$ toward this franchise.Graphics: 7 / 10 [Great detail in city's/towns but some units need to be better optimized]Audio: 7 / 10 [It works]Replay Value: Moderate/High [You wont put the time in as on previous titles]Multiplayer: Online Battles / Co-op campaignControls:  Same as other total war titles, very sloppy during lag, dragging units to redirect them results in sticking and units not deploying.  Double clicking to make units toggle run on/off can be annoyingOverall: 7 / 10Things I feel could help balance and make the game better.- Rather then catapults & Ballistas having 4 siege weapons per card.  It should be 1 per card.  So if you have 4 Giant Ballista's in your stacked force, rather then 16 Ballistas on the battlefield you will only have 4 (1 per card)- Peltasts accuracy/range/damage Nerfed.  Peltasts are as effective as archers and more deadly then Auxillary.- Some variation in tactics for the AI factions.  The tribes would have different tactics then lets say sparta.  Maybe tribal factions should try more ambush's and rely on a more ground//melee strategy with minor ranged support.- Better battle strategy.  In previous titles enemy forces would move in close and you'd have a ranged exchange while infantry supported the ranged units.  I'd like to see more of that rather then infantry rushing in then being supported by their ranged units once the infantry clash begins- Fixed blood & Gore (more like Shogun 2) Rome 2 gore looks like a sloppy mess."
76561198022056573,Recommended,214950,12061721,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Asterix85,"So this review has been a long time coming, and with the soon to be release of patch 15 aka The Emperor's Edition, I have decided to revisit the game and give it some more time. When the game first launched it was depressingly dissapointing. All around mind you, not due to one thing or major point, but just all around depressing. Battles lasted five minutes top, the political and family intigue was rather hollow and siege battles were laughable. Multiplayer was a series of connections timed out or flat out unplayable due to a the computer player taking more time then necessary to complete a turn.So I stopped playing the game for a while, let it be patched up, and its been almost a year since release, Ive come back to it. Alot has changed, battles all around last longer, my units(or the enemies) don't just rout now at the slightest bit of poking. AI armies now consist of balanced rosters( they used to comprise of all slingers/ range). The AI in siege battles now actually use their siege weapons and do not just enmass at the gates waiting for some torches to burn it to the ground! Pitch battles now last around 10 to 15 minutes.The political and family intrigue still needs work, however those updates were not included in the beta patch. There are promises and I have seen screens of a complete overhaul in this area, including how civil wars within your empire work. Quality patching have brought back my immersion into this great series. Im excited to see what the future holds for one of my favorite time periods in history and with that I have to say:HIGHLY RECOMMEND PICKING UP THIS GAME."
,Recommended,214950,19332644,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Revan's heir,"I played Rome: Total War, Medieval 2: Total War, Empire: Total War and a bit of Shogun. But I have to say that this one is the best right after the original Rome: Total War.Here is why:The old Rome was a genius blast with an atmosphere drowning you deep into the anctient world. I played a hundred of hours, different factions, different approaches..Of course, with the great plus of nostalgica i prefer the old Rome. But!This game is also a very enjoyable piece of work. I play the game with the radious mod, which gives more detail to the armies and the campaign itself.The variety and deep of the game without letting you getting confused is what i appreciate most. Or watching your little soldier fight to death.Pros:- Very detailled (not only modded)- Awesome fights- Need tactics on the campaign map and in fights- light diplomacy- A lot of modsCons:- Maybe not deep enough for some people.I love these kind of games because you can do much more stuff than just fight. I recommend this game to everyone who wants a strategy game that does not goes ""too"" deep into it, leaving enough room for some bloody action."
,Recommended,214950,13009894,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,PUMPS,"A solid game, thats tons of fun but i would wait till they drop their price, its not worth 60 bucks, and all the ♥♥♥♥in dlc, dont get it..."
76561198131612537,Recommended,214950,14537853,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,THE REAL AMERICAN,great game you should add the arabains to the game they were a great thret to rome after it fell
76561198022691199,Recommended,214950,12909984,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[♅] Grayn,"I came, I saw, I conquered"
76561198052961153,Recommended,214950,19503148,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Spartacus,"Although Rome 2 itself is not as full in features as the first Rome game it is still worth it, just get realism Rome mods that are out there to fix both glitches and add more content with realism. Still worth it, if you are into the total war games. 9/10"
76561198031480528,Recommended,214950,12122541,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Isaac,Yes.
76561198007081598,Recommended,214950,9924944,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,sǝʞɐɔuɐd,"........................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\::::::::::::::::::::::\"
,Not Recommended,214950,8258127,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Horus,"I must say, that as a Total War fanatic I am terribly disappointed with this. The original was far superior. It isn't a terrible game, but for the $50 price on it I think it isn't worth it. It had quite a few bugs on release, still has some now, and one of the MOST aggrevating things about this game is that the time you must wait while the AI processes its turns is the worst I've encountered in ANY game - TW or otherwise. Seriously, I could go and knit myself a pair of socks in the time it takes waiting on the AI. We're talking minute+, and I have a good rig.On an arbitrary note, I simply just didn't like this game's features or gameplay when compared to Shogun 2. This was just mediocre work on their part. The only thing I'm seriously pleased with is the TF2 gear I got for preorder. :)"
76561198070220354,Recommended,214950,9153007,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Belal,"I am a huge Total War fan, from the original releases.  What I don't own of the total war games I still intend to purchase.  This game has great graphics and epic battles.  For those who feel AI or diplomacy etc are an issue, just download free Radious Total War Rome 2 mod, it's free and makes the game quite a bit more competitive with the proper balances."
76561198008440474,Recommended,214950,9153035,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Vesp,"It's like original Rome Total War but 20% cooler. U can fight on the ground, u can fight on the sea, u can even fight when u go from the see to shore or DIRECTLY to enemy city. Cool-named legions, mighty roman gods, provinces with resources and more and more and more..."
,Recommended,214950,9153063,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,jonjrhr,"at launch this game had some serious issues, it was one of the worst total war games available. now at patch 9.1 and with a healthy assortment of mods its been mostly ironed out. framerate was the biggest problem. fair warning this is a game that will run poorly on even the heftiest of machines. Very CPU limited and still no sli support.However i play at 2x normal unit sizes and have mostly stable fps as of now.There's a solid strategy game here. There are layers of customization at the campaign map that were missing in other total wars, and there is a real diversity of playstyles between the different cultures (my biggest complaint from shogun 2)overall, if you're willing to do a little work getting it optimized and modded to your liking its quite fun."
76561198024375066,Recommended,214950,9158378,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Human Peasant,"I realize that the release of this game was poor but I'm glad that I stuck around to see what Rome is now. I do have complaints about the multiplayer, the fact that Shogun multiplayer was just so well done it didn't make sense for Creative Assembly to go back to their less enjoyable experience but for many Total war fans like myself, campaign was the primary goal. To build your mighty empire and destroy those who oppose you. And in that I believe Creative Assembly did it well, each settlement is different on the battlefield, whilst being able to physically see your cities come from a small village into a metropolis is a wonderful experience. The battles are incredibly well done (though they are shorter in length which is a minor complaint). Politics within your faction, (marrying rulers to other families to increase ties, etc) have been almost removed which is a saddening thing. Overall would I say that this game was worth my money? At release I thought not, but now I believe it truly was worth my money and the time that I still pool into this game. If I had to give it a score out of 10 it would probably get a 7/10, not a perfect game but I truly have enjoyed my experience."
,Recommended,214950,9158885,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Naztastic,AWESOME! Dont forget to eat and sleep!
,Recommended,214950,9159009,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mind if we dance wit yo dates,"While it creaks under its own technical weight at times, the sheer diversity of factions, units and territory makes this an excellent campaign and even more fun in co-op.  My one tip is to concentrate each region on a single type of factory (or maybe one land and one naval) so you can balance the punishing food and squalor requirements without having to simply mod them out.  As for combat, you can never have too many slingers or skirmish cavalry.  Finally *never trust a client state*, Bactrians are stubborn fools, and Axum will always attack Egypt when you least expect it."
76561198015929753,Recommended,214950,9256258,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,MAD,<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
76561197968966403,Recommended,214950,9232539,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,[BWA]Cr0pp13.BE,Good Game
76561198084864561,Recommended,214950,9244421,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,aj_karn,Solid game play for this newy updated classic. Love the addition of culture and diplomatic relations. Loking forward to killing more chariots!
,Recommended,214950,9249399,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,TheSpartan™,"I like this game. I have stood by it since it release. This game is actually what got me into the rest of the total war series. The game still has bugs, but the modding community truly has done a great job at making the game what it should be. I was dissapointed by the Beast of War DLC greatly. It didn't hold up to what I expected from the developers. The other DLC really don't need to be bought either thanks to the modders. Overall the game needs modding to be good, but I would still recommend buying it. Lets all hope the developers make the game less buggy and release more DLC's that actually add things, instead of adding a unit or two to a few factions. Cough, cough Beast of War. Still though as long as your okay using the Steam workshop to mod, I would recommend the game."
,Recommended,214950,9249617,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Booglog,"This game has recieved so much negative feedback, i cant say it doesent deserve it though. When Rome 2 was first released it was an absoulte mess AI was absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed and the graphics performance was pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Dont get me wrong though the game was still fun, but the plethora of bugs and glitches made it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes. Rome 2 has recieved alot of patches since then and for the most part its been fixed, the ai is no more stupid than any other total war game. To really get the full total war experience though; i recommend you install a few mods first as they vastly improve the game.Divide et Impera is one the best mods currently out there, along with the improved roman formation mod.I also hear that the Rome:total realism team is working on a mod for rome 2 so theres still alot of hope for this game.The base game is decent, Its good. But please dont spend 60 dollars on it. Wait for a sale unless your a die hard total war fan.All in all i do recommend this game, just not at the price its at.PS: DONT BUY THE DUMBASS DLC ITS RIDICULOUS! CA EXPECTS US TO PAY FOR CUT CONTENT... NO! JUST NO!"
76561197992799899,Recommended,214950,9251787,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Frosty_snake,"Look how many hours i've wasted on this game, must be because it's class. I would buy it if I were you"
,Recommended,214950,9252071,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sam Doggett,Insanely addictive game
76561197997881790,Recommended,214950,9254934,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,tapehand,Want a game of conquest and control a true empire while having an awsome time controlling a real army on the battlefield. Feel like Leonidus by fighting with an hardened army against massive hoades. Be Brutus creating elaborate allinces to topple superpower tyrants. Be hannibal and use startegy to move you armies to the best postiona nd outmanuver your enemy or be Ceaser and show off how you can build a true empire.
,Recommended,214950,9258056,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Hydranova,Although there was alot of bad reviews of this game i think CA has done a great job patching it up i have a great deal of fun just as much as i had with the original if you like strategy games give it a shot you wont regret it although some of the dlc i thought should have been included like blood & gore option & hey who doesn't want to be sparta rite its still a great game :)
76561198047655869,Recommended,214950,9258601,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tomalus,"I bought this game on sale recently and cant stop playing it.There have been 9 patches from release.The new province/economy system is superb, there are so many factions... it takes a while to learn the new system but itsa great innovation from the old total war games.Unit diversity is huge, ships now play a big role in coastal control,diplomacy is ok the ai doesnt suicide declare wars and accepts peace if he is crushed."
,Recommended,214950,9258693,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,btdkelty,its total war duh! greatest stratagy series of all time
76561198066011036,Recommended,214950,9265018,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Orijah,"This game is just amazing, the ammount of things you have to pay attention to while building armies, expanding cities and conquering enemies to expant throughout Europe, is immense, as much as turn based games seem to get repetative and boring Rome 2 is nothing like it. There is nothing like spending a large amount of time moving your troops into a position and completely obliterate your opponent because you had the downhill advantage. Everything in this game is done with perfection and detail, if only I had the computer to run it on its highest setting... I highly recomend it to people who love strategic games and don't mind spending many hours into one gameplay."
76561198036901884,Recommended,214950,9265506,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,The Vape Knight,"To be honest, Rome 2 was my first Total War Game, I've always been aware of it, but I've never gotten around to playing any of them. Then I saw this with all the pretty stuff and was like, ""Hey, maybe this wouldn't be a bad place to start!"" So I get the game in a sale and maaaan I just lost hours and hours to it. There were plenty of times where I was saying to myself, ""My god...this game is kind of broken."" But I personally didn't see any of the crazy stuff I've seen on other people's games, probably because I came in a few months after release. I've been enjoying it and at about 250 hours in I decide I want to play the other Total Wars because of how everyone says, ""The others are soooo much better.""What I'm saying is, the game was a nice expierence and it introduced me to a great series I can't wait to drown in, for now I have the original Rome Total War and I'm planning on losing even more hours to it~"
76561198063357967,Recommended,214950,9265771,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Onii-Chan 変態ポルノ,Most major game breaking glitches have been fixedUI has good features should have kept the one from shogun 2 and implemented the new features to it
,Recommended,214950,10688763,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Barf,its k
,Recommended,214950,9099957,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Raz,playing this game after they polished it i can say i did enjoy it. good game now
76561198025400075,Recommended,214950,21038757,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Siegfriedfr,"After waiting 2 years of optimization and a sale on the emperor edition, i finally bought Rome 2. I've been playing total war since Rome 1, i avoided Rome 2 because i anticipated the terrible release after the lukewarm beta leaks.I read a lot of people ranking Rome 1 , Medieval 2 and Shogun 2 above Rome 2 even after the Emperor edition.Those people are ragers completely stuck on the terrible Rome 2 release, and obsessed with Rome1/medieval 2 mods.Rome 1 and Medieval 2 engines are completely outdated and no amount of ""historical accuracy"", scripted mechanics that bloat the engine, or unit reskinning, can make up for core programming obsolescence.At the time of this review, Rome 2 is the best TW on the market. The map is beautiful, the combat works well, the UI is good, the new province mechanic is very smart...The graphics even on ultra are a bit disappointing but ENB mods will fix that.Buy it !"
76561198124207032,Recommended,214950,13109812,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Daddy,Fantastic game pls buy for you and friends
,Recommended,214950,50060,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Jan,If you like buggy games with questionable design choices this a game for you.
,Recommended,214950,2443128,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Jewness,"This game ain't bad. It's far from it. But it's bugged, very much so. The level of intelligence of the AI seems to have dropped to the basement, kinda strange, I didn't expect that from CA. Pluses are lots of eyecandy, a huge map (I mean really huge) and a great variety of units, countries and buildings to choose from. Now here is what bugs me most: it kinda doesn't feel like Rome. The first title had much greater immersion than the sequel for me. This is probably also influenced by the fact (yes, fact) that the music is totally lame. Make a game with bad soundtrack and its worth only a quarter of its potential. Plis fix dis. Still, if you're a fan, go check this out, maybe when the prices start to drop. CA might even fix the major bugs in the upcoming weeks, too.PS: Don't play with the German version, the voices are ridiculous."
,Recommended,214950,7344284,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Grn_Bstrd,"This is a ok game the core concept is greate, i like cinematics and the Prolog campaign did a really good job of explaning things to me and it gave me a million tooltips to help me figure how the game works. But when i payed Single Player The A.I. bad in siege battle's. Attacking units have a really hard time getting off the ramparts, the seige eqipment you can build pre-battle can be moved during deployment, in open feild battles the A.I. like to run around in circles rather then fighting, in the world map the A.I. like's to send one to five units on suicide mission's agains my big armies. Another problem i have is all three types of agents (Spy, Champion, Dignitary) have the same  abilities and when giving you agent or general a skill you cant see the skill tree its hiden in the encyclopedia making it really hard to plan out your agent or generals skill.  They got rid of the in game cutscenes. In Showgun 2 you got a short introduction with the clan you picked but not in Rome 2, or when an agent does an action. I do not like the multiplayer,  Creative Assembly got rid of the custom avatar and armies i REALLY liked that. I Pre-ordered this game and got the ""Greek State Culture Pack"" for free i get to play Sparta if someone buys this game right now they have to pay $7.99 to play sparta. Thats not right if you ask me.Over all an ok game 5/10Total war: Showgun 2 / Fall of the Samurai is better."
76561197965656404,Recommended,214950,12124048,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,"Hai,","First off, this game, when released was unplayable, full of bugs and a good majority couldn't even play the game itself. A lot of people were let down and disappointed. That being said, I do feel Creative Assembly, has kept their word at fixing everything they had done at launch. Some may disagree, but it truely has turned into something completely different from when it was launched. The AI is always a major point for all Total War games, they will never truely be the AI everyone wants. The AI in this has come a long way, and for many seasoned Total War Vets, it's not difficult. But to any new comer, they can and most likely will put up a decent fight for you to have a challenging game. I still would suggest mods for some balancing and added difficulty down the road for this game.If you are looking for a great strategy game, large glorious battles with blood and heads getting lopped off, with a decent amount of politics and diplomacy. I would highly suggest this game at it's current state. I would give this game a 8.5/10 because of launch."
76561198140452660,Not Recommended,214950,14817308,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Marsmillion,"Rome 2 is not the good game everyone thinks it is. In case you do not know me which you probaly do not I have all the total war games on steam from the first Rome total war in 2005 to ROME 2. So what does Rome 2 actualy bring to the table?BATTLESIf you have not played total war the total war series is most known for its real time battles. Displaying thousands of units on screen at on time on the battle map. However what Creative Assembely has done is dumb down or streamline the game to make it a more focused game expirience. In case you never noticed the Total War series has had 2 engines the first engine was a good engine but the problem was it couldnt handle the evolving graphics of games we have today. So an a attempt to make the total war series evolve into a cinematic real life graphics CA just said lets choose the warscape engine or Total war 3 engine to make the transition to modern gaming. WITHOUT testing the engine beforehand and using it for all of their games then on because if they would have tested it the enginge would not be in total war today.The warscape engine does not do one key thing for the total war series it cannot use unit collision like the old engine could great in every war game the units have some type of collision between them in the warscape engine they try to imitate or mimic to old unit collision from the old engine. Also, in the warscape engine the only way which units interact is with kill moves so the individual models will jerk in and out of combat giving you motion sickness even in Creative Assembely's most recent masterpiece SHOGUN 2. However in SHOGUN 2 they at least tried to add sounds of the armor colliding and the men figthing to the freaking deaththat made it seem like they were colliding at some times. In ROME 2 the sounds just sound bland it does not look like they are actually trying to move around and move in he line to engage they're opponents. Another thing is that the units run so slow in rome total war in 2005 compared to 2014 the soldiers look like they're in a state of iregency but in rome 2 the do not. Also every man in the unit follows each order at the exact same time their buddies do To me the AI has changed alot from launch but that is pretty much about it and just the graphical improovements in battle do not match up to SHOGUN2.CAMPAIGNThey focus to much on the campaign to gain to littile they have removed the family tree from SHOGUN 2 and have replaced it with the god awful politics system. You cannot move units around the campaign map or generals you have to make a full army and there is a limit on how many armies you can have and since the world or campaign map is so large it is nearly inpossible and will take a whole core of armies to just go on one single campaign and in a attempt to you know put your armies at the borders of your empire have fun having to station them away so far from eachother the REAL ROMAN senate wouldnt aprove of it. DIPLOMACY in ROME2 has been slightly fixed however the AI or Aritficial Intelligence or CPU will reject the slightest proposal to trade for no reason. AND since 99.9% of the campaign takes place on the Campaign map have fun having to deal with trying to finish a camapign.OVERALLOverall, I feel like this was just a scam to get more people to buy their still broken game that had to go throught 15 patches in order to even be playable well guess what I give this GAme a ♥♥♥♥ing 7/10 because it is just so mediocere and promised that they would fix everything that im so frustrated right now I will probally drop this down to a 6/10. DOnt buy this game for its $59.95 Dollar price tag at the moment freak this game IM ♥♥♥♥in done!"
,Recommended,214950,21036322,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Ozymandias,Great game if you get all of the Dlc for free (which in total costs more the the base game) and have a friend or two who play it (who also have all of the said Dlc). This is all saying that you can even connect to a server together being it crashes every 10 min
,Not Recommended,214950,10948669,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sith Yeh,"Not what I expected, not as good as Rome.Dont recommend for Total War Lover, but it is a good game for someone new to the series"
,Recommended,214950,9013188,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Robbie Rotten,"I recomend this game because it has it's place in the series. It has a lot of flaws/bugs, and was released WAAAAAAAAY to early. Maybe not as good as Rome I, but the modern technology mayn!!! The game may not be great, but hey!- thats what mods are for! I recomend Radious's battle, AI, CAI, unit packs, etc mods. Just all his mods. I recomend the Shiny weapons and armor mods, some more new unit and just AI mods. I would recomend bigger unit mods, however there are many bugs with your entire game deliberatly lagging (units will animate at like 1 fps, but your game is running at 60) so don't do that. Mods are great, CA has embrassed them, and the community is spectacular at making them. Community is still great, and acutally back to vanilla, CA has done an amazing job at patching the game and bringing it up to speed. If you are looking to buy the game, only look at reviews (still bad but look for ones that talk about mods and potential) but DO NOT LOOK AT TRAILERS/SNEAK PEAKS/ADS THEY DO NOT ACCURATLY DEPICT THE GAME!!!!!! It's pretty bad... Anyways I would highly suggest waiting for a sale and getting the game at a cheaper price as since launch, the game was not worth the 60$. Still a great game, but if you have money sitting around, go buy Empire and Napoleon total war. Unless you have all of them and are a rich kid, then yeah buy the game. But still, try and wait for a sale.... JUST DO IT!"
76561198097194143,Recommended,214950,24318547,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,SuperSlinky: The Next Generation,"I declared war on someone who I thought was attacking a city when in reality they were allies. They had the giant♥♥♥♥♥army, I couldn't withdraw. Fate shot my♥♥♥♥♥with a barbed wire arrow that day."
76561198003351947,Recommended,214950,8106807,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Soldier8509,This game is worth buying. But if you have a AMD computer i would suggest to wait. right now is broke the game. Otherwise  Great game.
76561198007205753,Not Recommended,214950,11928466,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,adam_ralton,"Unusable, unstable, and unplayable.  I was once a great supporter of this series.  This bug infested rot is a travesty compared to Napoleon, Empire, Shogun 2, and the original Rome Total war games.  It should have never been released.  Currently the newest updates have rendered the game unlaunchable (at least it worked in the original bug filled state).  Save your time and your money."
76561198024039890,Recommended,214950,7870269,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,NFx,"amazing game, so many of the glitches have been fixed and the AI are much much better now, mods are a must and bring so much more to the game. definetley worth the money, even at full price, but since its off at 50% its a MUST HAVE!"
76561198032024574,Recommended,214950,4098441,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Athena,A great succesor to the greatest total war ever. Basically you are an nation from the antique world and your quest is either to conquer everything with rome and slaughter everything in your path... or crumble to dust :P
,Recommended,214950,13436109,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Rico,"It's a really nice game actually, and for me it was a good follow up for rome total war. However, the game is harder to figure out when you start as a non-total war player, and the campaign is ""slower"" overall, due to population happiness and army regeneration. If you have a decent pc it's just a really nice strategy game. Definitely worth it."
76561198005153321,Recommended,214950,8124885,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sphinx2318,"CA has supported this game well since its release.  It is now a good game and well worth purchasing.  I love the TW series and now that this game is patched up, this newest release in the series does not disappoint."
76561198084810945,Recommended,214950,10383329,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,JorianTheMLGPro,"Best strategy game ever! Takes many time, but its fun!!"
76561198030530618,Recommended,214950,13437613,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,{FOX} Agamemnon,"Rome 2 total war is a fun game. It suffers from some poor AI choices, in terms of building in settlements and battle movements. (even on harder difficulties) I was sadden to see the multilayer go back to the old style, rather then keeping the Avatar campaign that shogun2 featured. All in all it is a game that you should get when it is on sale like now for only 15$ US. The DLC offer new units and a couple fun and interesting campaigns. Again something i would buy on sale, although they are fun, the content is not worth what they want full price.  Enjoy.... if you like it pre-purchace Attila as it is the same engine."
,Not Recommended,214950,10830194,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ahkris,After loyally playing all previous TW games and playing Shogun 2 for well over 1000 hours i can not begin to explain what a buggy disappointment Rome 2 is. Avoid it like the plague and get a different TW title instead.
76561198049423422,Recommended,214950,13113657,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Billywarren007,"After playing this game for over 350 hours from the very beginning, I'd thought I'd give my personal views on the game. As I'm sure many of you are aware, the release for this game was by far the worst of any CA games with poor AI (especially with the capture the flag mode in particular), crash issues and a generally poor game performance. I've stuck through it though due to my experiences with previous titles like Shogun and Medieval, and the perseverance on my part has been rewarded, sure there have been high and low moments like the excitement with the release of the campaigns and the disappointment of the Animals and the Women of Mars DLC, but the version you will be buying is a great leap from what this game was in the beginning, but note it isn't perfect as the AI still needs some tinkering, especially in regards to siege battles, but it is a very playable and fun experience.Overall- Pros: 1. Without DLC the variety of cultures has a good diversity from the Iceni in Britain to the Parthians in the Middle East2. The Emperor version and it's revamped Political and Civil War systems allows better immersion into the game3. With a very active modding community on steam workshop, you can find even more things to play and have fun withCons: 1. Despite the vast ammount of work put into fixing it, the AI in battles and campaign can be problematic2. A large ammount of very interseting nations such as Sparta and Thracians are restricted as DLC, as such some of the more interesting factions are out of bounds for those who are either anti-DLC or incapable of purchesing them.Personal Score: a decent 7/10"
76561198144396020,Recommended,214950,13242824,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,AfterElement,"This is a really good strategic game! I enjoy the concept and layout of the game and I enjoy playing as the factions. The only thing I would say is that all of the factions need to be playable without mods because whenever I click subscribe, it never says mod manager. For Example,  I want to play as the Etruscian league and I want to get rid of rome and syracuse so I can choose a different storyline and change the future of today in this game. Overall, I would give this game a 9/10 as it provides everything a strategic game like this would need in it, exept for the variety of factions. I believe all of the factions need to be playable to give different storylinnes as I stated earlier. Thank you."
,Recommended,214950,13383476,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Limpbiskitz,Woow!
76561198007405495,Recommended,214950,13112802,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Griff,"Not the most perfect game, but has provided hours of fun."
,Recommended,214950,14115810,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,raphaeldds,"Rome Total War II - it's the best strategy game I ever played! (9/10). I really enjoy the total war series and believe that the game come with great expectation and fulfilled it with an epic single campaigns and historical battles, also an awesome historical background.Pro side's.: Diplomacy; History; Economics; Technologic; Strategy; Cultural; Factions.Negative Side's.: AI in battles (Siege, Naval, Land); Multiplayer campaign (waiting time players); City View and buildings (RTW I)."
76561198010463044,Recommended,214950,2648105,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Daniel,Definetly worth it...
,Recommended,214950,14365200,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,K.A.N.E.4.0,"I preordered the game and I couldnt wait to play the game. It certainly wasn't their best work but I enjoy it. In the beginning the game was a train wreck, but they patched most of the mistakes and now it is enjoyable. I still wouldn't compare it to Shogun 2, but it's decent. When the game goes on sale then it is worth buying, but it doesn't compare to Shogun 2 at all."
,Not Recommended,214950,8849297,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,CamelCase,Biggest let down in the series yet
,Recommended,214950,7724869,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,CenturioRomanus,"Very good game, amazing graphics, good strategy."
,Recommended,214950,10933060,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Victorenta,"quite lower graphic than shogun 2 , but the gameplay is cool. The campaign map is beautiful. Updated AI is very very intelligent. When you siege enemy's port, you can send your army from ship to walk into the city and occupy. I think if you are strategic fans, you shouldn't miss Total War : ROME II"
76561198014157896,Not Recommended,214950,8441052,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Soul,You simply can't patch stupid.
,Recommended,214950,9995796,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Little Bronson,Tis a good game
,Not Recommended,214950,9088464,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,akp,Can't believe I preordered this piece of crap.Edit: can't believe I bought DLC for this piece of crap.
76561198049651720,Recommended,214950,8869851,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,The_assasin,AMAZING
,Recommended,214950,10671450,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kristianos,"Killed peasants  with elephants and war dogs, 10/10 would fight for Rome again."
,Recommended,214950,10285761,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Voidwalker,"Best total war game ever made, period."
76561198009615590,Recommended,214950,8598068,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,oddmorgan,"If I could put my member in it, I would."
,Recommended,214950,9048797,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,CyberViking,add Syricuse and Aria as playable factions
76561198081759650,Recommended,214950,23598453,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PineCone Thorn,Great game since its been patched Love it
,Recommended,214950,23934366,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tires,Spawn 40 units of hero of spartaspawn 5 elephantssit back and relaxelephants get rekt11/10 ign would elephant again
,Recommended,214950,23898776,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,<Trinity> Vitrolin,"A big Total War fan, Playing Rome: TW back in 2004 when i was 9 was great. Truly felt like I was completely out of my depth. A Great soundtrack, cool art style and impressive graphics.Five-Total War's later and, as much as i enjoyed this game; I feel as though it's a step backwards from the benchmark that Rome: TW raised.Would still recommend though. 7/10"
76561198010111321,Recommended,214950,23908548,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Oak,Very Good. Wish AutoCalc was better.
76561198010693328,Recommended,214950,23918460,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Naotomi,I think this is a great game to recommend while total war warhammer has very few factions and this game runs how it should have from launch.This is the Total War Rome 2 we waited for we just had to wait a few years after launch. the price has never been better too.
,Recommended,214950,17209898,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,shineKNEE,"Total War: ROME II is visually stunning, mentally engaging and also gives a bit of a history lession. Would suggest."
76561198164373310,Recommended,214950,13415852,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,London UG,one of the best games the total war have ever made
,Recommended,214950,13683384,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SHiFTiNG_CORE,Awesome Strategy Game Evar after having trouble with the Installing: Microsoft VC Redist Package (step 1 of 1) really damn Confusing but SEGA Forums did help abit to solve the problem.9/10 Because of the Confusion Installing.
,Recommended,214950,13612629,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DanlexGaming,"When I first ever heard of Rome 2 being announced, I flipped out. Being a huge fan of the Total War series, even Spartan: Total Warrior, I was pumped for this game. Then, it came out. Bugs, glitches, idiotic AI, and more problems ruined this game. Luckily, however, I watched a review of this game before buying a while ago. Now, fortunately, I have heard that the bugs are gone, the AI is mostly fixed, and the game is now playable. When it went on sale, I knew I had to add this to my collection, and I have to say, it was worth it.TL;DR: The bugs are gone and the game is now playable, fun, and worth it if on sale.Now for some specifics.Pros:- Decent graphics- Fun and addicting grand campaign mode (like always)- Fairly easy to learn for newcomers- Challenging, but fun, even on lower difficulties (I might just suck)- New features added which I always wanted in the first Rome: Total WarCons:- I legitametly can not think of anything that takes away from the experience of this game, thus ruining the point of a pros/cons chart. Thanks Volvo.Verdict: 9/10   Worth it if on sale, but not the full asking price."
,Not Recommended,214950,11091123,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Makrillo,"The game looks very nice, but the broken AI ruins it. Enemies go up to your walls and look at your settlements while you murder them, leaving their ladders behind. They ambush your army, only to run up and look at it, their general charges in and dies horribly as the rest of their army retreat across the field to stand in a big blob and wait for your slingers to throw rocks at them until you run out of ammo. Then you charge them with everything you have and they break and flee. And this on legendary difficulty... avoid this game."
,Recommended,214950,23398019,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Tier XIV Spaghetti,"Awesome game, could do with more elephants"
76561198018622769,Recommended,214950,23711589,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Riley Roden,"Several years after Release, hell two more total war games have been released since Rome was, but I have to say. This is literally the most beautiful game ever. There's a vast array of mods that triple replay ability. The bugs that plagued launch are gone. The beautiful graphics, setting, and a large number of factions are still here. If you haven't yet, GET THIS GAME!! My all-time favorite!"
,Recommended,214950,14388896,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Molotov Cocktail,"Despite all the negative reviews and comments this game has had I think its a great game. The graphics are good and the campaign is gripping and exciting, most of the time. I think the difficulty levels are a bit skrewed up though, it could just be me. There are a few negatives, the load times are a bit too long, the splitting up etc of troops is also a bit wrong, the unit cards are also a down grade, but despite that I think its still a good game and no other game offers this kind of gameplay yet."
,Recommended,214950,12323400,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Lola,"Thankfully been improved with the free release of Emperor Edition. It is worth playing now, but I still do not think it is worth buying at full price. Wait for a sale."
76561198081993398,Recommended,214950,10620800,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AkisTheGReat,it definetely had its share amount of mainly performance problems but that does not stop it from being a pretty good TW experience
76561198150277764,Recommended,214950,12283035,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,All Might,Its pretty awesome despite all the bad reviews.
76561198012081413,Not Recommended,214950,13923306,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,BoomBoomMeow,"I really wanted to like this game. I've been playing Total War games since Rome 1 and I'm a big fan of the series. That said, this series has fallen a long way and is nowhere near what it used to be. It is tedious, clunky, and not very much fun.Honestly, I'd start with some positives, but there isn't really anything in this game that hasn't been done in other TW games and done better. If it were anything, I'd say the way you now have some control over how your generals develop and the army levelling system that adds a bit of tradition and character to your armies and navies.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The game overview map is the first thing you have to deal with and it is poor. It looks about as good as Medieval 2 did, maybe worse. Add to that the fact that you have to go to an entirely different map mode in order to zoom out and it's a step back. Army movement is cumbersome and although the different movement types seem like a good idea at first, you'll be super annoyed when your army gets ambushed because you forgot to go back to a regular stance. Cities look decent and change as you build certain buildings so that's a nice touch but not exactly ground-breaking stuff.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Next up is the completely useless politics system. You can pretty much ignore this feature of the game. It is one of the least immersive aspects of gameplay I can remember from any game, ever. If you play as Rome you will control one of three factions, all with their own perks and drawbacks. Within this system, you can gain power against other houses and gain promotions for members of your faction which provide more perks. All of your generals and admirals will come from these characters. All sounds interesting until you actually start playing the game and realize that absolutely none of this matters. Press a button, get perks. Press another button, lose perks. And to totally honest, with all the other numbers and stats flying around, you'll never notice or really care if your army recruitment costs are reduced by 3% because one of your characters became quaestor. The character system from Rome 1 and Medieval 2 had more depth to them and they weren't all that particularly deep to begin with.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Next up is provinces, cities, and army recruitment. Another step back. The province system was, once again, a decent concept that was very poorly implemented. Basically, each province contains anywhere between 2-4 cities. There is a provincial capital and the rest are minor settlements. If you own each settlement in a province, you can enact an edict which gives you yet another perk. Of course you have to manage public order. Within cities themselves, you have a limited number of buildings you can build in each one. After awhile, the combination of buildings that you need becomes very dull and formulaic. Each minor settlement needs a farm. Each province needs a temple for every 2 settlements. You'll end up building all trading ports and market settlements as the interior of your empire becomes more secure. You'll end up going through and removing all military buildings because there's no point having a barracks in Carthage when you own 100% of Northern Africa. Tedious. Boring.And don't get me started on how completely asinine army recruitment is now. You no longer recruit through the cities  but directly into the armies themselves as long as you are located in controlled territory. Not only is this pretty unintuitive, it's also never explicitly mentioned if all the military buildings in your province have an effect on one another or only units that come from that city. I'm sure I could have found out but with all the different things affecting your troops, it really wasn't worth knowing.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Diplomacy in this game is also a joke. There is no depth to it (which isn't exactly a new problem for TW games). Still though, it would be nice if it were possible to interact more with other nations and if states that were Reliable played like they were reliable and Devious nations played like they were Devious. Honestly, it feels like Diplomacy is just a waste of time since you're just going to crush them in a few turns anyway. Maybe I'm a little spoiled here coming from Europa Universalis but diplomacy in a grand strategy game is kind of important.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Now for the supposed bread and butter of this series, the battles. Possibly the most disappointing part of this game. The graphics are not good quality. Troops look alright but the environment is terrible and don't make sense. Take a look around and you start to wonder how it's possible you're fighting on a completely flat plain with a 10,000 ft mountain off in the distance every single time. The sound is bad and you'll hear and remember everything the characters have to say after 2 battles. Lack of any remotely effective range weapons really makes the battles stale. You won't even use Velites after awhile because all they do is rout or skirmish behind your lines and then throw spears into the backs of your principes because you forgot to turn Fire At WIll mode off. Cities are pretty cookie cutter with little variety. It will feel like every time you just march your infantry in, rout the enemy, then chase them down with your Equites. Pretty much every single time. It definitely does not help that there are shockingly few varieties of units. All in all, the battles are just not fun and you'll probably end up auto-resolving quite a few.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I bought this game for $15 on the last day of the Steam Holiday Sale. I told myself to wait because I knew there was a high probability that I would not enjoy this game. I was right. I'm not upset at the money I spent on it. What I'm really upset about is just how disappointed I am in this game. It's really making me question whether or not there was anything all that special about the TW games I played in the past. Paradox Interactive is really pushing the frontier on strategy games at the moment and without the joy of the battles in TW, what you're basically playing is a crappy, buggy version of one of those games. I cannot discourage everyone from buying this game strongly enough. I think some people could find it fun, but there are so many better games out there that you should really look for one of those. Technology, competition, and time have far surpassed anything that Creative Assembly have come up with for awhile now and they are most certainly trading solely on their past glories. I will never buy one of their games ever again. :("
,Not Recommended,214950,13971986,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,BeN_AfflecK,"Has taken me more than year to be able to conjure up a review, and I'm still not overly sure. My sessions still often end in ""Rome II has unexpectedly crashed,"" I have unmodded legendary saves that won't load, and I cannot play for nearly as long as on the original Rome without getting bored.My main concern is that my current legendary campaign, although almost complete, is no fun at all. Diplomacy on legendary seems to be something that escapes me: factions half way across the map declare war for no reason when I have good integrity and it is near impossible to sue for peace with anybody but, if you do, they often declare war again a few turns later. The battles are not neccessary challenging but the constant spam of agents and armies from every side make it such a grind to make progress. CA said they were limiting armies to make battles more meaningful with bigger impact; however, with a restricted number of armies, it just turns into mine being holed up, fighting many meaningless battles that take a couple of turns to recover from, with enemy agents constantly limiting their movement!The modding community is, for me, the only thing that rescues this game as most of the crappy features in the original (save politics, family trees, and awful unit collision/charging) can be altered. Admittedly, a lot has been fixed since release, but there are still many things that seem inherantly broken to many paople; I really think I only play because of my interest in the time period, and due to a huge amount or nostalgia for Rome I."
,Recommended,214950,2423219,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Novantco,♥♥♥♥ing glorious.
,Recommended,214950,10853689,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Moff Corrino,The game has been patched and is working fine now.
76561198024441745,Not Recommended,214950,13889482,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Felicia Day,I heard that this game had improved since launch and I decided to reinstal it and give it a go. However it seems like nothing has changed and it still keeps crashing very often. Would not recommend.
76561198030247389,Recommended,214950,8125148,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Sharif al-Banana,"It got an unfair amount of negativity at release for all kinds of things, but I never had any problems, and I still don't. Really great improvement, but areas like trade and empire management still don't feel important enough in comparison to military strength. Battles feel somewhat awkward, and most attempts to keep your men organized devolve into mosh pits of soldiers."
,Recommended,214950,12616930,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Marshall Lame,On release this game was a total bunch of bugs and broken things. Things turned out to the best a year later with the Emperor's Edition. Felt like i was played a beta stage the 1st year. Good game w8ing for the Attilla now.8/10
,Recommended,214950,8179364,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,VictorBravo,"Total War: ROME II is a fun and addicting game. I have thouroughly enjoyed the Total War series before, and I must say that ROME II does deliver. I was disappointed with the performance issue of the game (which is still around for me) and some other glitches that can make the game frustrating. Through expedient patching efforts on CA's part, ROME II has gotten better, but some of its darker monsters are still present. CA is still delivering on their promise, however, and are continually updating the game and fixing issues. So what makes ROME II good? The diversity of all the factions, enormous game world, sandbox playstyle, political intrigues, and strategic battles make the game a great addition to the Total War series. I could not put the game down until I finished the campaign, which lasted roughly 100 hours in my case.Score: 8/10"
76561198008703633,Not Recommended,214950,14707784,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Duke_Of_Doom,"First of all it has a perfect combat system like all other Total War games. The interface is great. The campaign map is nicely made and the political/diplomatical system is also one of the best of all Total War games. The graphics are very good and i highly recommend the blood and gore expansion.Besides that the game has a serious problem which is the difficulty. I think it's way to easy. Not the battles itself, but the campaign. Even when you play on expert the other civilications do nearly nothing. If you are lucky there might rise a big empire besides yours, but then they collapse after attacking half of the world. In my opinion it is way to easy to become the greatest. The game should provide more objectives or challenges, that realy tease you to continue. However i think it can be a great Total War game if you play with friends, as they are worthy opponents, unlike the CPU's."
,Recommended,214950,13029951,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kaloo,"Great game, had hours of fun. Co-op multiplayer is a massive plus as well, pretty much what made this worthwhile"
76561198081012477,Recommended,214950,13608496,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Luigimo,Good.
,Recommended,214950,14535816,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,freddyfloresjr2010,"I was all hyped up to buy this on its initial release but i decided to hold off for reviews, well good thing I did. So then comes a Steam sale at 15 bucks, I couldn't resist. After playing for awhile I can say that i truly enjoy this game. Now there are a few gripes I have with it (political system, lack of family tree, and yearly turns), other than that its good. These are all things that are available in Total War Attila. Cant wait for it to go on sale  but until then I'll enjoy Rome II. If you enjoyed playing Rome I or Medival II then I would recommend Attila, unless you can get this game cheap."
,Recommended,214950,14482345,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,$kormsb@ne,"Great game! Buy the DLC campaigns, they basically equivilate to an expansion! Culture packs are bit of a rip off mind for what they are leave those alone."
,Recommended,214950,14595985,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,REDS,good gaming and a great sequal
,Not Recommended,214950,14543832,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cronus001,"This game is good for what it is. I can't say that I didn't have fun playing it, but I can't say that I really did have fun either. It is not great by any means, but it isn't terrible. If you've ever played another Total War game, then you've basically played this one.  This will be the last Total War game I ever purchase because of that.  If you love Total War, or just love RTS games and do not mind paying for a game that you have already experienced from a previously played RTS game, then get the game.  If you are tired of the same exact game being made over and over again, then by all means, SKIP THIS GAME."
76561198008019370,Recommended,214950,7853891,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,augustus,By far the best Total War game yet! Excellent ballance of strategy and combat.
76561198127726808,Recommended,214950,12282793,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,The emrald king,Great Game of stratagy and history.
76561198052367762,Recommended,214950,13258779,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,✪Sunof2dawg,good game
76561198124229659,Recommended,214950,12665453,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,BIGGREENFD,LOVE this game. Get it!! what are you waiting for??? Your argument is invalid. Get it!
,Recommended,214950,15131448,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Boilingbanana,Great game.
,Recommended,214950,10854338,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,rrpjdisc,"This game is awesome. I don't know what people are complaining about. I see a bunch of reviews about how ""Shogun is better."" Personally I hated the Shogun game, it really comes down to OPINION. Rome II is awesome, looks awesome, and there may have been bugs at the start (apparently, though I didn't experience any), but the game runs fine. If it's lagging or not working right, you probably don't have a good enough computer, it's really simple. So, my overall review of the game is - get it, it's awesome! If you liked the first Rome, or Medieval, or Napoleon, I'd expect you to like this game, but then again I'm just one person saying I really liked it. Don't just listen to my opinion, but don't let the popular trend of joining the bandwagon and hating a game just for the sake of hating it to be ""cool"" dissuade you from considering a game either."
76561198067832376,Recommended,214950,12238188,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Capitão,"This game is amazing. I can't say what are the problems with it, apart from some balancing at the multiplayer battles. Everything else is PERFECT!!  Sure the game had its flaws, but they were completely overwhelmed by the good work that C.A done, and all of their careness with the community. Now with the Emperor Edition, it is even more safe to say that Total War: Rome 2 is one of the best strategy games ever made."
,Recommended,214950,15389802,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,MeAmBoss,"Good game, better with mods. Gets really boring after a while. Not great developer customer relations. Too much DLC"
76561198078368806,Recommended,214950,12069426,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Pat-man-du,It's a mastapeece
76561198069596126,Recommended,214950,14484620,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,KingJubilee,"Total war: Rome II started out in rough condition, but after a year of solid patching culminating into the Rome II: Emperor Edition it has become one of my favorite games ever. If you are new to Total War, Rome II is a massive scope historical strategy game centered around the birth of the Roman Empire starting at 272 BC. At this time, there are massive amounts of cultures and conflicts with different people vying for power and for survival. Even Rome starts the game with humble amounts of land and power. It will be up to you to recreate the glory of the empire OR extinguish the dream of power for the Romans and have your own people dominate the world.Rome II has a massive amount of factions (around 120) with 32 being playable! not only are there so many factions, but there is considerable diversity between factions, especially between different cultures. Greek factions (including Sparta and Athens) boast powerful hoplites, spear infantry with very heavy armor who have the ability to form a hoplites wall which boosts there defensive capabilities significantly. Rome has it's famous legionairies who can form testudo formation where they lock their shields in a dense formation making them resistant to incoming archer fire. Eastern factions field powerful cavalry such as heavy armored cataphracts who devastate anything on the charge. Nomadic factions have entirely horse armies fielding mostly a giant horde of horse archers showing their preferred way of combat. There are so many unique units and armies to face depending on where in the world you are fighting.The campaign map is extremely large which is pretty typical for Total War games and has a ""province"" system where there can be anywhere from 2 - 4 cities within a province. There are many types of buildings  each colored coated ranging from city center(orange), military(red), industrial(brown), agriculture(green), sanitation(cyan), ports/docks(blue), temples(purple), and city commons(yellow). City center buildings are the main building and is present in every single city but can be upgraded to provide various bonuses (including more resources if that region has a strategic resource). Military provides the ability to recruit powerful units into your armies and provide garrison soldiers if the city is attached. Industrial provides mostly large amounts of wealth at the costs of food and public order. Agricultural building provide mostly food (in which your empire and armies would starve without) with a bit of wealth. Sanitation provides public order, some wealth, some culture, and many of bonuses depending on the faction. Ports are only available if the city is a port but can be branched to form military ports where you can train powerful fleets or trading ports where you can make more money. Temples are largely used for improving culture (culture problems can lead to large public order problems) and flat out public order bonuses at the cost of food. City commons are highly branched ranging from libraries (improving reseach time), gladiator games, wine traders, slave markets, and many more.The battles in total war are the hallmark of the game. Battles are massive in scale and provide a large range of tactics to defeat your enemy. Your armies are divided into units, comprising of 80-160 soldiers in a unit (depending on the unit size selection). You can have 20 units in an armies and up to four armies can be present for both the attacher and defender each. Do the math and you can see battles with over 10,000 individual units that you can zoom in and look at fighting for their lives. After the fighting occurs you can see the carnage wrought by your generals or your enemies as thousands lay dead. Truly awe inspiring and glorious.As far as tactics, there are stratagems available on both the grand campaign map and the battle maps. On the campaign map, you can move your armies into various stances such as raiding, defensive (where the army forms a fort), ambush stance (where you can make your army invisible to other forces and can ambush them if they fail to detect you), and forced marched which allows armies to move twice the distance BUT are guarenteed to be ambushed if caught in this stance! There are also bridges, forests, mountains, rivers, and other choke points on the grand campaign map that you can use to give yourself an advantage.On the battle map, there are large differences in terrain including dense forest, hillls, desert, rivers, bridges, and snow to utilize to help your armies achieve victory. Bridge can hold off massive amounts of troops using only 1 unit, forests can hide units allowing you spring quick ambushes, hills provide bonuses to those at a higher elevation and also you can hide units behind a hill if the enemy does not have line of sight. Snow and rain make units tire faster and have trouble recovering, fog makes ranged units' accuracy lower, etc. You can always use the terrain to your advantage!In summary, this game has incredible replay falue fielding so many factions where most are very diverse in terms of units, buildings, culture, events, and starting location. The province system forces you to spread your own culture, take strategic resources, and specialize/synergize your cities into maximizing your economy. The campaign map is highly detailed with many terrain factions to use when facing enemies. The battles are unrivaled and are extremely addicting fielding thousands of soldiers. Excellent DLC content with other campaign maps.As for negatives, there are no faction intro videos like other total war games. The game had a bad release due to various bugs and glitches and blatant oversights (though almost everything is fixed in my opinon). End game is too easy even on the highest difficulties. Lots of DLC that is enjoyable but you have to pay extra money for."
76561198115168904,Recommended,214950,14862233,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,the pussy destroyer,i am selling this game more cheaper
,Recommended,214950,7498632,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Edgar Styles,"What a shameful display of cynical consumerism. What an abuse of a franchise's name, a la Diablo 3. A failure, 45% Do not recommend."
76561198065574712,Recommended,214950,14103334,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,The Sane Hatter,Doing greatGets many allysGets lots of landPretty much make a world warallys all turn on mei lose10/10
,Recommended,214950,14104973,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,jalinky,"This is a great game for someone who loves strategy. It isn't all just combat. There is also turn based management for managing cities and army movements. You have to keep the public happy, fed, and safe. It's a great thing for someone who likes strategy and I would highly suggest it."
,Recommended,214950,7803109,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Kirjava,"EDIT: I initially wrote this review two months after Rome 2 was released, which I think is obvious given my reaction to it. Total War games are, since Empire, not known for being in a particularly high-quality state at launch, but Rome 2 really took the biscuit. It was dreadful.Anyway, fast forward seven months. It's almost the end of June now, and Rome 2 has received 13 patches to date, as well as two main DLC expansions and several ""free-LC"" updates. The second of those major DLC expansions, Hannibal At The Gates, brought me back to Rome 2, and I have to say that the state of the game is far improved. Those awful ""capture the flag"" bits are gone, the technical performance of the game is better, there are more factions, more units, more features, more everything. The HatG mini-campaign is (annoying Agents aside) about as close to a perfect Total War campaign as I could ask for, and the factions are more balanced. Those unbearable turn-load times I mentioned before? Dealt with. Basically almost everything has been improved.There're still some glaring errors- siege AI remains fundamentally thick-headed, naval battles are still dogged by the AI insisting on clumping all its ships together in a mess when it regroups, and the policy of charging for factions still makes me sick- but the game is in a state where it can be played and enjoyed. That mod that brings the original Rome music into the game is brilliant too!I've left the original review below.* * * * * * * *Given how much I was looking forward to this after the first Rome game, Rome 2 is disappointment in video game form. Technical issues have abounded from day 1- it looks like I've got over 100 hours logged, but most of that was spent waiting for the AI to take its turns. Though this and many other issues have since been patched, it's a mark of how important it is for a game to launch with at least a pretence of smoothness: I haven't gone back to Rome 2 in a month. It's not just the bugs that have killed my enjoyment, it's some quite fundamental alterations to the way the game plays as well as some baffling design choices. As usual, the game lacks difficulty after a certain point, and the game's attempt to introduce a mid/late-game challenge is to spawn rebels with inexplicable amounts of troops instead of, say, actually building up enemies to be a threat. Agents are more of an irritation than anything else; the AI seems to prefer a bunch of smaller armies instead of larger ones that makes fighting them more akin to a game of whack-a-mole than anything else; multiplayer has been utterly eviscerated since Shogun 2.There are some bright spots: the new cinematic mode makes engagements a joy to watch, for instance, and the army traditions help breed attachment to your forces and can lead to some nice emerging stories. Unfortunately this is nowhere near enough to make up for the disappointment of everything else- the AI, the design choices, the multiplayer, the loathesome attitude towards DLC. Avoid if at all possible."
76561198075067766,Recommended,214950,8516189,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vaporwave Seinfield,"Awesome game overall, although the minor factions can be annoying with their fully stacked armies"
76561198036123219,Recommended,214950,8516190,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,D-Wreck,Pretty damn awesome
76561198021652688,Recommended,214950,8539368,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tony Storm,best game for me for 2014 . its the best Strategy gameout so far
76561198091909857,Recommended,214950,7198927,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,commander,.
,Recommended,214950,8249290,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MaxJDS,"Definitely a must buy if you are a fan of the total war series and like the Roman era. The campaign is pretty solid but lacks the family dynasty aspect which is a shame. In some areas the game has made steps forward over the previous games like the edict/province system as it gives you something to go for, however it has gone back steps in terms of technolgy trees and cutseens. My only major complain is the AI in seige battles, and the multiplayer is a bit bland. This game had a lot of bugs at launch, but now after a few months down the line, they rarely occur. Overall, a very solid Roman era game."
,Recommended,214950,12287113,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Danada,"Product:""Total War: Rome II"" is a major dissapointment for diehard RTW fans, maybe even for fans of Total War in general. The first day of launch was plagued by bugs, glitches, bad optimization and graphic promises that were not kept by developers and advertising. Don't get me wrong I really, really, enjoyed this game for over 50 hours mostly spent on the multiplayer battles. But that didn't stop me from noticing that this game had major flaws. The sale strategy also known as a ""Money Grab"" is growing daily in the gaming market and will probably become even bigger as the years progress. This game is the perfect example of this. Selling you factions and DLC content that should have been given to players at the start of the game. If not that then as an apology for releasing a close to unplayable product that fell short of promises made durring the eager wait for the release date. I will give them credit though, they did patch 80-90% of the problems... Until the recent update.Total War: Rome II - Emperor Edition UpdateThe recent update that hands out ""Emperor Edition"" makes players re-learn the entire strategy of each faction! Rome has been nerfed to a near useless margin and other factions such as Suebi or Arverni have become more powerful. Armies containing missile cavalry, missile units, and elephants have become the dominant forces seen on the battlefield. What happened to having a long bloody battle with sword units slashing it out untill the bitter end with the game changing cavalry flank? This has mostly been replaced by having a large body of missile units showering your opponent from behind on horses or from almost every meele unit! Thats right! Many, many, many units now have the ability to be more or less javalin throwing troops. This creates an overwhelming habbit of just bringing more and more missile units to finish off the enemy as quickly as possible without actually fighting them.Conclusion:Although I am a HUGE fan of the Total War series, things aren't looking good for their community morale. I do have fun on this game, but those moments of fun are quickly followed by the farmiliar realization that this game does have major flaws. This game was a disapointment for me, but it will not stop me from getting excited about the next Total War game. This company has treated me well with HUNDREDS of hours of enjoyment and fresh situations and challenges throughout all of their games. I rate this game 6/10"
76561197984256726,Recommended,214950,8440217,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DeadGuy,"Happy to see most of the pathing fixed over that last few months with the apparent exception being the seige equipment, whom must be handled carefully lest they become mutinous and ignore all command and reason. Still very pleased with the provincial system of Rome 2. The recent update has only made things better. Now it's much easier for your nation to avoid devolving into a riotous mass without a temple in every city and town.Only other complains are related to the way some territory lines are draw, such as a town holding ownership over a small stretch of road on the far side of a dense forest; the ability for computer players have their sailors stop an enemy ship in the ramming animation, only to board it killing all on board;  and finally, the ability for pikemen to materialize their massive spears and force push heavy infantry back to the far end of the spear whilst being stabbed in the chestAs a side note, the glitch where sailors will return to their ship after boarding, by jumping clear over a third ship that has rammed its way inbetween is amazing. Their bionic legs are truely a sight to behold. Thank you for this and thank you for continued support for this game."
76561198015028690,Recommended,214950,10586261,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Decimation,"Veni, vidi, vici"
76561198031001611,Recommended,214950,8259666,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Icy Maelstrom,"Highly Recomended,far more strategic than previous total war titles and the graphics and AI are impressive. personally i havent run into any of the bugs that the game supposidly has and ive played many hours. Probubly one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198037278613,Not Recommended,214950,11705404,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,kamikazee786,"almost 500 hours in and not a single campaign finished, recent patches have made it playable however its the mods which help make it bearable more than the patches and whenever CA patch the game it ends up breaking the mods.This game may be ready in about 6-8 months however right now its just a game which is neither good nor bad.Its just there for whoever wants to kill 15-20 minutes from time to time.The main problems are.- Terrible collision system due to the warscape engine, unit models move in and out of each other, clipping and sliding are a great part of every combat interaction, especially with cavalry charges.- Battles feel arcady, no realism, units rout too fast, pikemen have no real formation and if they try to attack another unit then they have to adjust the whole unti to become perpendicular and face them perfectly before they can begin combat.- Units as a whole are very poor at retaining their formations, so much so that cavalry cna easily charge straight through.- I'd say the political system is terrible however for that to be true you need to have a political system in place. In Rome II there's a series of buttons which all do nothing since civil war is inevitable and can not be avoided regardless of what choices you make and when civil war kicks of its just 10 armies spawning at your capital and you have to call all your armies back to fight this new random unrealistic threat  and CA has explicitly said that this part of the game wont be changed !- No family tree, no decent general development.- The UI is clearly rushed with no thought whatsoever, anyone who hasn't played this game would look at it and say its a placeholder and CA's current work ethic is contrary to their claims, instead of giving the game a real politics system they're busy releasing small unit packs, something which modders can already do (and to a degree, better than CA)- No decent expansion packs, small mini campaigns such as Hannibale at the gates and Caesar in gaul include unlocking unplayable factions (which modders have alreay done), a few cosmetic changes like a few new models and new research names along with campaign maps smaller than the vanilla campain map while adding NO NEW FEATURES WHATSOEVER. I and many others do not expect things to change soon,there are far more problems that this, take it from a person who has spent almost 500 hours playing this game and about 5  of those hours were playing the vanilla. As i said the mods make it playable and add life to a dead game but its also a tricky business and not everything can be modded since CA has hardcoded some things making it impossible.Final verdict, I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS GAME IN ITS CURRENT STATE.Wait about half a year and if you see the devs making significant changes to address the concerns that ive placed here then feel free. These are not just my complaints these are a summary of every total war fan today.you may disagree on what ive said but one thing is certain.THIS IS NOT THE TOTAL WAR THAT YOU LOVED AND CHERISHED. THIS IS A MUTATED AND ILL VERSION OF THE MUCH LOVED GAME SERIES AND CA ARENT GOING TO PULL OUT THE DEFIBRILLATORS ANYTIME SOON !but please do tell me when they do, dont worry i'll wait -_-"
76561198130687196,Recommended,214950,10882818,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TazWarrior,Awesome.
76561198021838914,Not Recommended,214950,11105700,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,papadrew7,"This is by far the biggest disappointment I have ever had in my 24 years of buying video games. They stripped so many features and added so many game breaking ""features"" like playing capture the flag when there are thousands of soldiers in the city but if I hold this one point the enemy will throw down there swords and surrender. The ai is embarrassingly stupid, enemy agents can level entire cities or slaughter your entire army, you can't garrison troops inside cities, you can't build walls around your cities that aren't capitals, the naval aspect of this game is pathetic, the graphics are terrible and look WORSE than shogun 2, diplomacy is nonexistent, and on and on it goes. I can't recommend buying this game for half off or even one dollar because this game is not worth it. The core of the game is broken and can't be fixed by a patch. Sad but true."
76561198037283833,Not Recommended,214950,11109147,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Seleucus,"This game is just disappointing... play the original Rome total war instead, its cheaper anyways"
76561197999813471,Not Recommended,214950,11110674,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Estalio,"I expected a lot more from this game and for Creative for that matter.  I pre-purchased Rome II (something I never do) in anticipation because I loved every series in their war chest, especially Empire and Shogun 2.  When I got the game, it was filled with bugs and promises to fix them.  The gameplay was rather terrible in the fact that the family screens really didnt matter, whether you had control or not.  Civil war randomly popped up in random locations during the game with enourmous amounts of troops in provinces that were not historically accurate nor could the province create so many units so fast.  The economy was a joke: the game was unfinished.Creative did fix a few bugs a month or two after release but the game was still lacking.  The workshop did provide folks with ways to re-create unit colors etc, but it cant change the gameplay or the buggy battles.  When zooming in, the characters rarely lock up, many of them stand around until queued to fight.  The units are all very similar which does not call for much strategy.  The boats are a travesty and are simply unenjoyable (and I loved boat combat in Empire and Napoleon greatly).The final straw was the DLC, multiple packs that should have been included in the game for the first place.  I understand companies need to make money, but a $60 price tag to begin with calls for more.  Asking customers to buy 3 and 4 add ons for $10-$20 is shameful.All in all- this is, in my opinion, the worst of the series.  I will not be pre-purchasing another game from Creative, and may likely stay away from this company all together.  I do not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198029762750,Not Recommended,214950,11135589,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Jamsoir,"Haven't played it in a while, but when I did 'twas♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198006632910,Not Recommended,214950,11149559,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Knight,"Quite frankly this game is crap. I've played it a solid amount both solo and multiplayer, and there are moments where you can see the vision the developers had when they started making this game. Sadly those moments of hope are squashed by flat out nonsensical mechanics, lack of immersive gameplay, downright meaningless mechanics such as politics that can be completely avoided, and a profound lack of features found in the previous iterations of the series. Good AI? nope. Solid Single player campaign mechanics? nope. Interesting battles at least? Come on you've gotta have those right? nope. This game is like a summer blockbuster movie written and directed by Michael Bay, minus all the cool explosions, and it just doesn't deliver on the awesomeness of the original Rome Total War.Recommendation, if you want a total war game then stick with the original Rome Total War or Medieval Total War II. This game was an epic failure and the only way to fix it would be to completely redesign the game from the ground up. We all know that ain't happening. If you, like me, have spent money on this or intend to I feel sorry for you, because you'll probably be disappointed.It says something when you start a campaign with fresh enthusiam over a 6 month period over and over, hoping somehow this time will be different because they patched it. Everytime it still sucks. I feel bad for CA honestly, but they kind of made their own bed on this one."
,Not Recommended,214950,11104132,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,pasta bro,"dissapointing compared to the original rome: total war. I personally think you shouldnt pick it up for 60 bucks, but go for it if it gets on sale."
,Recommended,214950,8528974,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,AsianFro4,This is one of the best strategy games out there. You can play multiplayer campaign and help your buddy control the land or fight each other and see who can hold the most. Or you can just do a regular battle against anyone. But not just the multiplayer is amazing. The campaign itself gives you a really accurate story of Ancient Rome and many other provinces. So buyt Total War : Rome II today and start conquiring provinces!
,Recommended,214950,7342315,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Dordron,better than most people think
76561198085681766,Recommended,214950,7087211,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Slepoi,"Отличное продолжение серий ,но вышла сырой .Патчи все поправят ^_^"
76561198012181919,Recommended,214950,10646769,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MiG21Fishbed,"it started as a 6 out of 10, with all the patches and the improvements its no doubt the best Total War series, I give it a 9 there is still room for improvement . Senatus Populusque Que Romanus deserves a 10."
,Recommended,214950,8405794,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HalfDemonnn,"I've noticed something about these reviews after having bought the game that I did not notice earlier. Nobody has ever taken it upon themselves to try playing with a friend and then reviewing the multiplayer. When playing this game with a friend it can seem totally different than playing alone. Imagine, for instance, you are the Spartans and your friend is Athens. You and your friend push through Epirus on your way to Macedonia. You could have weeks of fun with your friend trying to take the different cities and towns. I have only been playing for a few days with my friend and have already fallen in love with the multiplayer. I think this game is totally worth the bugs and graphical issues if you are playing with a friend."
76561198020330188,Recommended,214950,8735968,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Nyamuk ~Ludicrous~,Not quite as much fun as previous games in the series.  Units dont seem to be that different when it comes to combat either.  You are not rewarded for adventurous play either - in fact the A.I. seems to take delight in punishing you for going that one city too far!
76561198062053834,Not Recommended,214950,10916962,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,"Dĕus Tŏnĭtrŭi    *""G·L™""*","If You've Ever Wondered, What Is The Very Worst Video Game Ever Created???Well... ""Rome II"" is worst than  ""E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial""....what does is ""E.T. the Extra-Terrestria""?????(E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial cartridges, considered by some the worst video game ever made and blamed for contributing to the downfall of the video game industry in the 1980s.Some gamers had speculated that thousands or even millions of the unwanted cartridges made by Atari were buried in a landfill in Alamogordo, about 200 miles southeast of Albuquerque.The game was a design and marketing failure after it was rushed out to coincide with the release of Steven Spielberg’s 1982 hit movie, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, and it contributed to a collapse of the video game industry in its early years.Atari is believed to have been saddled with most of the 5 million E.T. game cartridges produced. According to New York Times reports at the time, the manufacturer buried the games in the New Mexico desert in the middle of the night.)believe me Rome 2 is worst than this"
,Not Recommended,214950,10841829,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LaughNgamez,"If you wanted anything like the first game do not buy this. Go back to playing the first one, I like the feel & look of it much better."
76561198097834090,Recommended,214950,7861359,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TheCurlyFry,"Very good game, Buggy on realse however it is now at a suitable standard the balancing is a little off balance however is getting there I would I highly recomend however as it is very addicting and engrosing despite it's faults alghough shogun 2 might be techicaly better the variety and setting that rome offers means it is more fun to play"
76561198072062354,Not Recommended,214950,8439853,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,EliteGladiator121,This game has so many glitches even if the games been out for months! i cant even play the dam game due to game breaking glitches
76561198004353612,Not Recommended,214950,12284531,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Hanz,"This is a fun game, and the only reason I give it a negative review is because of the crap business practice they're using.  Every free weekend of any game I have seen on here has put he game on sale during and after the sale, but not for this one.  They wave the hefty $60 fee infront of your face as you play the game, making it painful for those of us who can't simply drop that kind of money out of nowhere.  But hey, what do you expect from SEGA?"
76561198129041557,Not Recommended,214950,12290556,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,[CWG].Max.,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this i have downloaded the game for free now it say i have to pay for it can anyone explain that to me???
76561197987424114,Not Recommended,214950,12291036,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Barael,"I am still a huge fan of the for Rome Total War. I have mixed feeling about this, though keep in mind I only played for a few hours.Firstly one of the big things I noticed was the game looks amazing, seeing the big battles rage on was very satisfying. There were a few times where controlling the unit in ships was a little dicy and sometimes they were bugged out, either stuck against a wall and couldnt move or were still locked in a boarding battle with an enemy ship that had sunk but were unresponsive to orders.It felt sort of half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a certain way. Everything was just a different colored texture of something else, except for rome. It really took away the sense I was fighting in a huge diverce and complicated world when everything looked almost exactly the same.The campaign was confusing at first, and I couldnt quiet figure out why my population were so damn unhappy all the time despite putting nearly all my attention into increasing puplic order and taking no slavesAll in all the game was pretty solid and the multiplayer battles were really fun. I cannot reccomend this game due to its price tag still being so high and its absurd amount of DLC on top of it."
76561198047783935,Not Recommended,214950,12298141,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,vezapunk,"Not optimized properly, the graphics looks bad even on high, the AI is terrible and I found UI bit confusing in the beginning. Shameful display by Creative Assembly. Oh btw those screenshots are all fakes!"
76561198022300558,Recommended,214950,3414864,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Black Cock Down,"Great game, by far the best Total War game that I have played so far."
76561198041526688,Recommended,214950,8382774,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,crimsonsun,"Since the applied patches this game has improved untold, both in terms of how it runs and in game play. If you like total war games you will like this as it improves upon the standard total war gaming experience, it may not be revolutionary or different at its core from the previous games Creative Assembly have released but it does everything we've seen before as well as some extras in a updated format."
,Recommended,214950,8395630,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Arf™,"War - Uh - Huh, What is it good for? Amazing game, really challenging and frustrating at times but I imagine being an Emporer would be!"
76561197986862993,Recommended,214950,12522935,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,monomos *<| :^),"I totally love this game, its an amazing strategy and at least Ill learn a map of antient world with all the factions which lived there :)Totally recommending this game...Only problem is that when I start, I cant stop playing, Im always like ""one more step, one more step"" :)Cheers back fellas :)"
76561198126446655,Recommended,214950,20338653,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,renegade82abn,"Rome II Total War in my opinion is one of the most fun total wars out there. I absolutley love this game. However 60 dollars is not worth it, you'd be much better off waiting for a sale or getting it elsewhere. I bought it on sale for 15 dollars and have not been disappointed."
,Recommended,214950,21451207,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,I love this game . Thats all . :)
76561197988418144,Recommended,214950,21310733,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Proxcy,"This is one of my favorite time periods in history so I jumped at the chance to get it. While it took awhile to get off the ground, it came back with a great game and delivered."
76561198077719835,Recommended,214950,21311652,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,my wife's son,"Hands down my favourite Total War game of all time. Have been playing the series for about 7 years and love Total War. Rome 2 had a rough start but after lots of attention to what the community wanted, The Creative Assembly has created a well balanced game with infinate replay value. Worth every dollar if you're a fan of the series and strat games in general."
76561198093815735,Recommended,214950,21565608,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Microsoft Dragonfarter,This is a fun and amazing game. It does need some updates.
76561198027342835,Recommended,214950,21509998,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,salt.  Hippy Matador,"Look ive played every total war and just like every other, this one fails to disappoint."
,Recommended,214950,11813419,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Vindex,"An excellent strategy that has turn based campaign map and real time battles.  If you play diplomacy the right way, you can easily carve out an empire for yourself.  Diplomacy is not incredibly well done in the game, but it makes up for it with good battles and simple administration that a skilled player can easily build an incredibly propsperous economy that fuels wars and diplomatic relations.  This game can easily suck you in for hours, like any other good strategy game.  The mod options from the Steam Workshop can also greatly improve your experience. Definitely recommended"
76561198041411730,Recommended,214950,14697102,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,✯ Blixten,"After 1,5 years, I can say this game is good. I really think it has improved a lot and deserv a chance. A bit too expensive currently (54,99 €). I recommend this game for any strategy lover."
76561198110404642,Recommended,214950,21643721,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Telperion,"Love this game!  You will too!Good balance of city building, empire management and combat. A great addition to the Total War Series."
,Recommended,214950,16746510,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"John ""J.D."" Dorian",I like this game
76561198004489179,Recommended,214950,17146994,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,constantineX,"my favorite game but at the same time it doesn't meet the potnetial that it could have. wasted talent. great game, but it falls way short of what it should have been"
76561197994816052,Not Recommended,214950,13924909,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kreggur,"I am a long time Total War fan. I've own and have played all of them (including other Creative Assembly titles like Viking: Battle for Asgard). I've over the years become a loyal customer since I felt like I always got my money's worth.Rome II has ended that and made me lost my faith for Creative Assembly altoghether. I had patience when they were sorting out the bugs at launch, month after month after month. Now it is mostly playable, but is it fun? For the most part: no. There's no driving force behind the game, nothing that keeps me wanting to come back for more. Some other reviewers have already gone into detail, but some of the issues are of a graphical nature, but also that just that conquering new provinces on the campaign map becomes dull. I also tried out the multiplayer coop campaign with a friend, but just as with Shogun II it eventually becomes unplayable due to glitches and bugs mostly relating to desynching.I don't know what has happened to Creative Assembly during the years, but they no longer seem to be the same. Now I also noticed the new Hannibal title has day one DLC, which makes my stomach turn even more.My recommendation? If you want a grand strategy game, this isn't it. Go back to the older games, or look for a Paradox Interactive game. Creative Assembly has lost it's place as king of the hill and they are going to have to work hard to come back to it."
76561198067336692,Recommended,214950,21830363,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,About79Asians,Spies are broken as ♥♥♥♥ and you gotta love when every faction around declares war on you and not eachother GG 10/10
76561197993207471,Recommended,214950,21776804,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Kagna,"New Total War Players; If you are thinking of getting into the total war series i would suggest Attila unless you really want the Roman era  Buy this on sale if your looking for an army management game with strategic battles.  It can be complex at first but extremely satisfying when you overcome difficult battles.  Diplomacy is in the game but it isnt complex or intelligent enough to make it seem real.   You make peace, you trade, you WAR.    Your goal in this game is to conquer the world, not build the first space ship.Old Total War Players;   I am disgruntled that they haven't implemented any successful type of unit movement or physics system in the way units interact with eachother or the environment;  Managing units climbing castles, or on the castle walls is a nightmare.   The physics of the armies charging into eachother in Attila (and all recent TW entries) seems to have taken a step back from the Medieval 2 version where two giant armies charging into eachother would create a thunderous explosion.   Now the armies seem to stutter step their way into the opposing army and then they kind of stand around and watch eachother while a few guys kill eachother.   I enjoy these games enough to keep coming back but never until the prices are 50+% off.Total War has an expensive DLC regime that is expensive and ""unfriendly.""   There is something wrong at Creative Assembly when new entries take a step back in many areas while they still can't improve on some of the weird problems that have been around for 10+ years like wall battles during seiges, general unit movement and interaction, and unsophisticated AI.  I would be more forgiving AND loyal if they didn't turn around and fleece me for DLC that doesnt really improve anything.... its just a new coat of paint"
,Recommended,214950,15143627,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Bizofant,I love this game
76561197973037073,Recommended,214950,12284976,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ARXON,"Great improvement from initial release. DLC is pretty disappointing, but the mods are awesome."
76561198011971261,Recommended,214950,17487133,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,warlord427,"always been a fan of TW is my most played game.....choose your nation an take over the planet what more could u ask for, ive been playing one campaign since release an still havnt taken every province worldwide due to the amount of realistic game factors ie attrition,winter,population stabilty an many other factors. covers everything from diplomacy to your generals wife getting fruity with another.... an of course you have to act on every aspect choose to allow him to end her life an gain power in the senate after all its a mans world...or allow her to live an there be a chance some random political/family issues in future. there is more to think about than war fail to keep the balance and u will find maintaining order while at war very hard,depending on your nation as some nations ie warlike clans get a order boost from being at war an victorys over your enemy. battles are epic an with the added morale and fatigue game dynamics adds real tention to the game. plus there loads of modds so if base game nt quit there for you u can change it up abit, gives u detailed history an backround of current timline a must for any strategy fan in a nutshell 400+ HOURS AN STILL LOOKING FOR WORLD DOMINATION. so much more i could say but the fact is its to big to do it justice on 1 page that said there can be few issues an bugs most easy to solve anyone useing mcafee anti virus will need to turn off real time scaning and there firewall during first time setup ie first time u start the game, then you all good to go.....CLICK BUY :)"
76561198142516715,Recommended,214950,20143578,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lord Migli,Its pretty strategic and fun
,Recommended,214950,17803359,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Alijacup29,Good Game Love IT
76561198248283042,Recommended,214950,21757417,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Samborgini,When I saw early reviews for this game i was very reluctant to buy it. But when I did buy it started playing and I couldn't stop playing. Rome II is very addictive. If you like the Time period then you will love this game. Although the AI is very passive and idont really declare war. And if they do they will give you a peace treaty the next turn. 9/10
,Recommended,214950,16548383,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Envy,You know what despite its shortcomings this is still a decent game buy it when on sale for 75% off
76561198026642782,Recommended,214950,17420664,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,GAIVS JVLIVS CAESAR,Great game!Waiting for next Total War game.
76561197970302595,Recommended,214950,17688077,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Deadeye,Good fun
76561198114035960,Recommended,214950,7674146,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,gopnik squats matter,"total war: rome 2 definetivly brings the strategy game back to life!it combines the slower paced provincial government (mostly the construction and managment off various buildings throughout the empire) and cpmmanding armies to kick♥♥♥♥♥* the construction part off the game is very detailed; its possible to choose from 4 main categories; town centre, military, civil or aggricultural buildings. each categorie has smaller sub divisions which allows you to choose what is best for your expanding empire. research and greater stability will get you acces to higher level upgrades.*for the military part its a deffinitive advantage to learn the combat system (generally ranged in back, spears/sords in front and cavalry at the side and grouped attacks on smaller detachements) and fight your own battles. the auto ressolve works fine, but also dpends on commander skill. so a layer may be actually beat an enemy the AI can not.it certainly works well (in dry weather at least) with the units responding well and the distances not being overly long. the troops also seem to be well balanced and the bonus system (as reward for victory) is well thought out and very usefull to an able and foreseeing commander."
76561198097754073,Recommended,214950,21953153,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,mrmagicman01,great if you want to take over the world as Rome
,Recommended,214950,17146987,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,The_Legend,Excellent game.
,Recommended,214950,11516993,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Wiley Weavile,"After having tried out tons of mods, I can safely say the community has saved this game from being a total waste, so I'm rewriting my review.I'll say it now, had it not been for those mods, I would have ditched this game a long time ago. I would be sad that I have more playtime in Rome 2 than Shogun 2 now, but only because I tried so hard to make this game worth having in my library. I'm somewhat glad to say that I've succeeded, but I'm still disappointed I had to resort to mass modding to make the game enjoyable. After the amazing experience that was Shogun 2, I expected so much more from CA. Playing Rome 2 after having played anything earlier in the series like Medieval 2, Rome 1 or Shogun 2 can be a bit of a let down. Thinking of the advantages Rome 2 has over those games I can only think of...better looking units/graphics? The province system? I guess the Campaign map size is more or less the same size?Still, time has passed, the bugs have been mostly squashed, mechanics have changed, there still aren't any family trees or agent cutscenes, but there ARE tons of awesome mods by the community to change the ancient world in your own image. If you can get this game on sale, I say go for it. For full price, I'm not sure I can still say yes, but the mods really are worth it in the long run."
,Recommended,214950,2451539,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Snowdog,Everything I hoped for and more!
,Recommended,214950,7702179,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,top,it's like rome 1 but without the fun10/10
76561198024691764,Recommended,214950,10245908,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Josiathan,"I fell in love with the game, not just because of how beutiful it looks but because of how cool the idea of controlling every unit as if the comander in real time. I know that the game has a great community and it has a cool workshop. would love to play with my friends or make friends and love to play with you guys one day :)"
76561198036795605,Recommended,214950,10654984,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mega912,Good
76561198045563156,Recommended,214950,7958982,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Lieutenant Commander Data,que usque pro roma ibis?
,Recommended,214950,10524628,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Stainless001,"An absolutely amazing addition to the Total War franchise, Rome II goes to greater lengths to immerse you not only in the history but also in your factions progression.The ability to name your armies/ fleets and have them gain fame and notoriety in the world really stood out for me. It's one of those mechanics where you easily become emotionally attached to your armies and are able to craft destinies for each one.I'd definitely recommend buying this game."
76561198153552021,Recommended,214950,21057174,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,LittleGoose,"I love this game, I've had this game for 2 years now, and I've played a little over 200 hours of my lifetime wasted on the game. Now that's a fair amount, and so my review is a fantastic one, with a rating of 4.7/5 stars."
76561198088025010,Recommended,214950,28482471,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,Theres nothing better than watching your Roman legions crush barbarians for the glory of Rome
76561198133223177,Recommended,214950,12458419,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,HerpDaDerp,This game was very fun while i had it but i think they could have fixed some things but overall very fun.
76561198109815449,Recommended,214950,8703391,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,solomspd,"If you are looking for the ultimate strategy games of swords and armour and anscient warefare; this this game is worth the money. this game is a worthy competitor to strategy giants such as starcraft. this game offers alot more unit variation and GREAT visuals and a lot more maps than rome1. in addition the fact that they are adding naval warefare is reason enough to get this game. the game requires you to be aware of every unit all the time and ,most importantly, think outside the box and strategicly so that you can get the upper hand. I highly recommend this game"
76561198078289636,Recommended,214950,10843852,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TheSatoDog,"I love this game, when I saw it I see all the negative recommendations I thought three times to buy it, but this game is perfect so far."
,Recommended,214950,7811737,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Soldat Joe,"Flawed, yet still fun."
76561198129654095,Not Recommended,214950,12279287,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JUDO,"they still havent fixed it so I can play,every time I try to enter it does this weird tecnicolor thing.After 2 years I decided to buy it again and GUESS WHAT?:every time I try to enter it does this weird tecnicolor thing."
76561198068813629,Recommended,214950,8498812,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MigoLingo,go
76561197997112443,Recommended,214950,16592099,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Derpy,"I've put in a a few hours (400+) and I would recommend this game. The mods for this game like Del certainly enhance the experience by making it more slower and historical. The gameplay in itself is pretty decent as well, the AI pathfinding isn't always the greatest but it will work 90% of the time for you. I find this game much more enjoyable than the recent Total War: Atilla game. I would give this 9/10"
,Recommended,214950,19529646,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Pandi | hellcase.com,Makes me wanna time travel and kickass...
76561198045260273,Recommended,214950,7369709,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,lewis.p.warburton,definitly worth getting
76561198033691828,Recommended,214950,21063071,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,neildaburr,"Very good game, big fan of whole series!"
,Recommended,214950,13442898,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Thankyouu,What!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 20$ USD? ARE YOU SERIOUS ????? !!!!!!!!!!! OMFG
76561198051908786,Recommended,214950,10857490,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Large Father,"Lost a single man in an assault on Epidamnos. R.I.P. Pleabius, you will always be remembered."
76561198012328530,Recommended,214950,19138205,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Bisquick350,An amazing game for sure. Did it have a rough launch? of course! But all in all it is a barrel full of fun that is now well worth the price.
,Recommended,214950,19364567,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TrippinDaJiv3,"I can't control my life, but I can control the largest empire in the Mediterranean. Oh, and I use mods. Definitely use mods."
76561198094568758,Recommended,214950,21236207,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Nowi,I recommend this game becuz it's gud.
,Recommended,214950,21221797,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,NickoBR,Amazing
,Recommended,214950,21085946,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,crustyyyy,I had bought the game long after it intial release which i heard was a debacle of♥♥♥♥♥♥ But the game in its current state iswonderful. Being new to the series i found myself being challeneged on normal difficulty.But regardless the pricces for dls are riducluos i would only by on sale.but luckily those are pretty frequent. inclosing this i woul give the game a 8.5 because the games has way too many dlc's.
76561198063051175,Not Recommended,214950,21029028,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Dancinglucifer,the new limited number generals deminish this game to unplayable as Gauls being surrounded and being attacked you cant move units around without generals so you cant support the settlements with a max of 4 generals you cant defend more than 4 settlements then you get rolled over by the ai massing 1000+ force.Reading some other reveiws they claim this is how the roman army would have been IRL no general no controlable force. after the issues with shogun2 and and this game i would not recommend this game anymore.
76561198263036198,Recommended,214950,21029454,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,76561198263036198,"Brief ReviewTotal War™: ROME II - Emperor Edition. Is a similar and familar experience to the other Total War Games. Still rickety in many places and, for all its improvements, it remains a very similar experience. It's not worth getting now if you were on the fence before. It's not a radically different experience or a dramatically changed game. Like the Roman Republic itself, it's still prone to collapsing and to repeating its mistakes over and over, but that doesn't stop it from being terribly entertaining and, at times, worryingly compulsive. Total War: Rome 2 is good, quite a bit better even, but it's not the best thing since sliced bread.Pros and ConsProsHuge BattlesTurn-based and Real-time StrategyExcellent handlingGorgeous LandscapeSiege BattlesHuge Array Of LocationsNumerous options for destructive experimentationConsAIBad PrologueAI PathfindingAn EndingWhy all this violence? Cant I just have sign that say please stay away"
76561198016484326,Recommended,214950,21016513,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dorex,amazing just amazing
76561198042236878,Recommended,214950,21022843,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GethPrime7,Great turn based RTS
,Recommended,214950,21641347,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Zed Cola,"God game, amazing graphics and runs perfectly but can get repetative. I would recommend this for it's amazing battles and for Total War to count EVERY SOLDIER on the battlefeild, large campaign and the multiplayer but there are alot of issues aswell that needs to be fixed.The game is really easy even on legendary, it crashes frequently and the DLC comes to £60 ! I think that Total War just had another too many bad desisions and tried to make a money grabbing attempt at launch. The AI is terrible and the graphics aren't what are shown at the teasers. The Victory Points are a nightmare. The AI can just put all their troops there and just stay there not even attacking just waiting for the timer to tick down.Because i LOVED Empire so much, i can let this one of, FOR NOW.7/10 IGN Would be a Roman Again."
,Recommended,214950,21838846,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,LukaS,"TL;DRTerrible launch, waited few years, great game, dlc things that should already be in the game.Otherwise, a really great game and I enjoy it a lot. Would recommend getting the dlc when -75% discount, otherwise they aren't worth it. Just got them all for 20€ with -75 discount"
,Recommended,214950,21657616,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,AJ. | Hellcase.com,Fun to play!
76561198187761657,Recommended,214950,24193425,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SHADYLLAMA,BEST GAME EVER LOVE THIS SERIES.This game very stupid in the begining and the A.I. idiots but the game turned out right so i can recommend this game
76561198117915876,Recommended,214950,22208459,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,MachiavellianMeatball,"If you want an amazing and advanced strategy game with little to no learning curve then buy it, I have played it a ton and I dont regret a single hour"
,Recommended,214950,22208684,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Beonix,"o jogo e incrivel, apesar que tem dlc pra td..."
76561198007328941,Recommended,214950,24524396,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,hastatus,"NEVERMIND, anything I have said in the ""edited"" part of this review I now consider unfair towards the game, as it actually is quite playable for me... :D"
76561198171954799,Recommended,214950,22209279,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Emperor Panda,It is amazing! I love this game!!!!!!!!!! :) Played as rome and carthage and had a smashing good time :) enough variety to never get the same campaign twice :)
,Recommended,214950,26683294,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Killerbro Studio,"The standard game its self without any mods is kind of boring.  For the most part, 1 year per turn sounds dumn and the worst part is you have to finish the game in 300 turns.  But game is very fun.  Mods makes this game feel like the best total war game.  Even if you dont have availablity to mods, it is still a good game to play"
76561198119419217,Recommended,214950,27659503,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,10.,"Best total war game, great gameplay realistic battles, worth every penny..."
76561198035074353,Recommended,214950,27476367,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Айро,"Не смотря на все баги и артефакты, лучшей стратегии на данный момент нет."
76561197978498205,Recommended,214950,8406165,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr. Boots,Absolutely TERRIBLE. Buy Shogun 2 or Empire instead. Such a gigantic waste of money.
,Recommended,214950,9111981,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Darthmonk867,Rome II has been getting a lot of bad reviews because of it's awful release state. That was unacceptable and I hope CA never does that again. But the game is in a lot better condition now and is genuinely a fun game to play. The world map is slightly less open but is overall good and enjoyable. I like the diplomacy more than Shogun 2 and the units in this are way more varied and interesting.
76561198006720826,Recommended,214950,10797930,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tenticlepronz34,Soul crushing and life sucking10/10would reccomend
76561198066055791,Recommended,214950,9091677,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,spartan133,"true this game had a real rough start when it released but now its just amazing, theres great content here and its just all out fun"
76561198047510643,Recommended,214950,8958848,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,PlainOfMarathon,Patched and ready to go!
76561198008700231,Recommended,214950,7864220,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mike_Whiskey,The game had some problems when it was first released but things are getting patched up.  If you are a fan of the Total War games then you cant go wrong with this.
76561198058088523,Not Recommended,214950,14519574,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Purest Judgement,"Firstly, I am new to the Total war Series entirely. I have played CIV V (150Hrs), and the closest material I have in the way of experience to games like this. I did not play Rome TW 1, I jumped on the 75% off sale and have not played it much. What I have played speaks leaps and volumes about its performance as a whole.; its failure to intrigue someone and help them maintain interest is a complete failure.It was 2014 and you get character graphics on the adviser (just a head... A HEAD), portraits that the PS1 would out preform. There was little effort spent in polishing this game. I wish I could say it was just an aesthetic polishing I'm referring to, however I am not.There is a plethora of bugs, including but not limited to your units falling off the map. Hey that’s cool. Who needed the general anyway? Hah.... :(  Units doing nothing, not following orders, formation, or the like. I wish I could talk more on this, but I want to get to the huge flaw of this game. Its major issue: This game does not care about you.It's true. It will not help you, it will not give you the tools you need to move forward. It will be hard, it will not warn you, it will hate you, it will leave you cold and stranded at the bus stop as your fingertips are chilled by the ever so penetrating wind from its constant neglect. It will laugh, as you attempt to make sense of why you have to be a politician and lead the war. Why you have to delegate taxes, when you really just want to kill something. Why a game that looks like a glorified roman chess board turns out to be constant nail in the frontal lobe. Reminding you that you are not worth the effort to love, to care about, or it would have given you the tools to accomplish greatness, and the reason behind the reasoning of being a political dictator while you claim to protect the citizens you bleed dry to fund your growing ""empire"".The game is hideous, the game play is broken, also Rome hates you.If the developers cared about anything beyond the initial purchase from you, it would have been a captivating experience on a progressive scale of understanding. Instead it assumes you have hopped on forums before purchase or that you will afterward, to make sense of anything. To spend 100 hours learning the game before you can play it. Instead of being able to learn as you go.If I wanted to spend more time in forums learning a game then playing it, I would play EvE online more."
76561198006638848,Recommended,214950,14095431,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,FnPdestroyer,"With DEI, now worth playing but mod is a must."
,Recommended,214950,12123991,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Trojan,"I enjoy this game, it does not make me sad."
,Recommended,214950,2177542,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,The Supple Pig,Heck yeah!
76561198008407513,Recommended,214950,2503819,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,a father,nice one :)
76561198021815712,Recommended,214950,3384747,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,de Morhalle,"Lets get this straight. I have played every Total War game since Medieval Total War along with the Viking Invasion expansion. I took one game with me to Afghan on my laptop it was Rome total war back in 2008. I love the total war series. In my opinion in surpasses any strategy game ever. Its better than Civ and XCOM (different strategies I know).Now when Rome 2 launched after several hours of playing it I was dissapointed. It was obvious this was technically an early release game in all but name. The CA director even said the same day they would patch it for the indefinate future (which is basically we will continue making the game). I remember seeing a list of games in 2012 saying Rome 2 was for a 2014 september release.Now release of Rome 2 a so called complete game was an epic disaster akin to the Varus disaster.Whether CA or Sega decided to push it out the door early is unknown and both parties remain tight-lipped about it (rather like the industry). So honestly both parties are to blame for its release which was aggravating.Now a year later and finally Rome 2 is looking much more complete. There are some bugs still and sometimes a few steps forward means sometimes taking one step back. CA have worked their asses off to make this game you can tell and the improvements are clear to see. The game is now operational. A few more patches are needed primarily path-finding at this point and the pikes need sorting out. I still expect a few more patches from CA before I'm truly content which I will list at the end. The DLC ♥♥♥♥♥ing is something of an annoyance especially the Greek States.With the negatives and ♥♥♥♥♥ing aside lets comment on the good things at this point right now.The AI to campaign and battlefield is now functional sometimes the AI can really put up a challenge and when they concerntrate their forces against yours they really come after you. The graphics still need optimizing but they look gorgeous the lighting and reactions of the battles feels gritty and harsh like an actual battle.The music is ok to say it certainly is not as memorable as Rome 1 or Medieval's, but I understand the same composer Jeff van♥♥♥♥♥♥did not want to be apart of Rome 2 still excellent trailer music from him.The city building is a new take on the total war franchise and in the era of the Roman Empire provinces are a welcomes new sight to Rome 2 its not just about building glorified castle cities its now about holds and provincial states.The dynamics of Rome 2 battle units make the range wider than Rome 1, many more entities in war such as javelins and light infantry play a much more crucial role and are even rewarding.The political system is much more improved still nothing spectacular but now a lot more flushed out with the Emperor Edition.The best way to answer a review and get straight to the point of a game is. Did you have fun? Well yes I did and still do. The modding certainly helps and with CA listening to their fans improvments are still coming.Quick note of things need doing.1 Path-finding needs tweeking.2 Naval AI needs sorting out its been down the list to long.3 Pike units need updating.4 Nomadic factions need updating.5 Cathage needs a price change for their units and availability.Mercs need low morale but cheaper for Carthage. Also Sacred band is to far in game to get a hold of.6 Rome Evocati units need to be limited to one per army.7 Athens need the Theban units as they were the ones who destroyed Spartan forces and where the best phalanx during this time period.8 More emlems on armies and navies still not that many.9 Pontus need legionaires as they actually had a few legions when they were a client state of Rome.10 Numidia needs to be unlocked still no Desert nomad faction.11 More optimization needs to be done the units jutter when moving and the framerate is still not up to standard.12 Syracuse needs walls and Sicily should be its own Province.I think this list is achievable and if all the boxes are ticked I would be extremely happy with Rome 2 in its finale. I remember when I created a post wishing for a Rome civil war expansion and now I have it it does not disapoint love the Imperator Augustus Campaign and now I get to be Mark Antony my childhood hero.Through all the grind and emotions of Rome 2 it has been an event to say the least and together CA, Sega, Fans and Modders (big shout out to you all) its been worth it and together we will all get there. In a troubled industry in troubled times Rome 2 makes an example of what happens when we all put our heads in to a common passion. Lets hope this practice of fans input and devs listening continues."
76561198014891922,Recommended,214950,9297604,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Kjarrma,"Rome II is both a grand strategy turn-based game, as well as RTS. In Rome II's campaign you have the option to select from several different classical civilizations, each with their own advantaged and disadvantages. The campaign operates like any other total war game. You must balance economy, diplomacy, military and navy, and now in Rome II, politics. Territories have changed since previous total war games. Now several territories are grouped together in provinces in order to help manage them more efficient. Players must also be able to balance public squalor, and food in their nation. Public squalor has a negative effect and can lead to revolts. A way to combat this is to build certain shrines, entertainment buildings (like a coliseum), or public sources to water like aquaducts and fountains for example. However some of these come at a price and will deplete your food storage. Many of the buildings have trade offs and benefits, but other buildings can be built to counteract these. Rome II was released unfinished, and littered with bugs, but since its release it has fixed many crucial issues making it a playable game. Not to mention the fact that there are a plethora of mods and addons out there that improve the game, or even change the game completely.>VERY IMPORTANT<This is a perspective of the single player gameplay in Rome II, not Multiplayer as I do not play MP.Gameplay 8/10+Game plays great now with few to no bugs that I have come across since its plauged release day. Most have been fixed or are undergoing fixes and balances.+The UI is a little more streamlined and cleaned up since other total war games, many buttons offer a drop down window with more options to select during the course of battle.+Line of Sight (LOS) system. Rome II offers a new LOS system in which terrain features can block the view of other units offering greater strategic gameplay (moving through forests or behind large hills to hide troops).+Vanilla Rome II (no addons) is relatively fast paced and has recieved negative reviews for its arcade like gameplay. However with addons battles can be more realistic and drawn out than Vanilla.+Tons of units to chose from for each nation, and even more with addons. It's a big improvement from Shogun 2 where you had the same type of units for almost all factions.+40 unit card battles - hugely epic-Vanilla Rome II battles are often shorter than they should be, too arcade-like.-UI can be a little too big during 40 unit card battlesAI (Battles and Campaign Map) 8/10+AI on campaign map are a little more aggressive than they were before. They are constantly creating armies and trying to push into your territory. (However on easier difficulties their armies are usually limited to a few. It's better to play on harder difficulties, more realistic)+AI on the RTS side seek high ground  when it's nearby. They do not go out of their way if it is far away to head to high ground (seen this happen in shogun 2).+AI on RTS side stay in formations, there is far less awkward jumbling of formations ebfore they charge at you.+In large battles the AI will look to flank you with cav and archers-You really have to play on harder difficulties for the AI to perform correctly and create multiple larger armies, and make intelligent decisions on the battlefield. This could be bad for newer players who are not familiar with RTS and grand scale strategy.-Sometimes during an attakc on a settlement, the AI's defending navy will land their forces further away than necessary and those forces will sit there on the beach.-Sometimes the AI will chose to smash into your lines on the battlefield and refuse to commit troops elseware to exploit a victory.-Sometimes after beating another regiment in battle, your unit will sit there and get attacked and not retaliate. ( A little more micro would be required- not a big deal but if you're getting attacked you don't just stand there).Visuals 10/10+Rome II is by far the most beautiful RTS game I've played to date.+Soldiers react to the flow of battle. If you are losing they will drag their feet and have their heads down looking tired and broken. While idle soldiers will cheer and taunt the enemy.+Generals will give a speech before battle. They will recognize the type of army you're facing whether it be barbarians, eastern empires, greeks, or north african empires. (the more you play Rome II the more boring these get since there are so few speeches)+Combat animations are awesome+Gore mod is not as exaggerated as it was in shogun 2. Looks more realistic.-You need to have a pretty top notch rig to run Rome II in high fps with top graphics regardless of what CA wanted (making it playable on any computer)DLC 3/10+Cool new units+Cool effects with gore mod+Fun new campaign-You should not have to pay for these small editions-The DLC content is stuff that was withheld from the release of Rome II in order for CA to make more money off their game. Really its stuff that should already be implemented in the game since day 1.Overall I think it has turned out to be a great game despite features in the DLC section that should have already been added since day 1. That being said, the gore dlc is understandable as releasing a game with a T rating (no gore) opens the game up to a greater audience. Releasing the gore after makes it M only if you buy the gore. All in all I can't wait to see what CA comes out with next.EDIT/UPDATE: Download Divide Et Impera, it makes the game 10x better with more indepth strategy, longer battles, and huge unit rosters."
,Not Recommended,214950,9064017,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Twiggy,"I have played and loved every Total War game before this game (Shogun,Rome,Medieval,Empire,Napoleon,Shogun2).  I pre-ordered Rome II for $60.3 hours played  is all it took for me to see how BAD this game is.  I will never purchase another Total War game.  I hope Creative Assembly enjoyed my 60 bucks because it is the last money they will ever be getting from me."
76561198007928180,Recommended,214950,9079682,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Wolfmoon,"With all of the talk going on around this game when it was released, people were not happy. Bugs, glorious bugs everywhere and people demanded quick fixes. It took a while with lots of patches coming out over the next month or so but now, i believe the game is at the quality everyone expected back at launch. to be fair, i thought it reached that point a few weeks back but i wanted to be sure before writing a review.I highly recommend this game to anyone who as every played any total war games before and even if you havent, anyone who has played a strategy game will find this game one of the most amazing strategy games around. I've played many hours on this game and still am I nowhere close to finished. Its a great game full of long and different content, which if you play the same content over again e.g. Romes faction. you'll find a different outcome to your previous game."
76561198084569939,Recommended,214950,8528138,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,4sakenreaper,buy it its the best
76561198023305972,Recommended,214950,7872912,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Number4,yes just buy it
,Recommended,214950,7863639,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Fionn Mac Cumhaill,Its better than a kick in the♥♥♥♥♥♥thats for sure...
,Recommended,214950,7863686,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,𝖜𝖍𝖔𝖒𝖘𝖙,Really good. GET IT WHILE IT'S HALF PRICE!!!
76561198009134052,Not Recommended,214950,7863838,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Biio,Good for about 6 hours then you get tired of it... good game if you can put up with its faults.
,Recommended,214950,30148032,Posted: 24 February,all,Skeleton,I bought this game way after all the issues with it. RIGHT NOW ITS AMAZING. A long game with a lot of factions. Also the mods are great. I always use the no morale mod. No one runs away from a fight now! They all die.
76561198095017559,Recommended,214950,21827462,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Revenginator,"Honestly, this game may not be for the hardcore fans of the series, because it suffered from a terrible launch and greedy dlc, but I think it is an overall good game for the less hardore fan of the series that is willing to spend a lot of time in a good game. I personally will give it an 8.5/10 because I do like it! Definitely pick it up on sale. Should not still be $60"
76561198083801410,Recommended,214950,21265662,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Comrade Sniffles ☭ZEVA☭,"I have over 800 hours in this game and I Still love it. Most of the bad things you will here about it are based on the game on launch. As it is now it's not glitchy, It's pretty well balenced, it has a thriving multplayer and an enjoyable campaign ( although not as good as ATTILA)."
76561198021145288,Recommended,214950,22667338,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,mIchAEl,"400+ hours dayum this game just give me boner everytime i play it, after the all the patches its really good and balanced still recommended radious war mod.. not huge fan of mods usually but this one is worth getting. 9,5/10 could be better graphics"
,Recommended,214950,7996943,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Poohy14™,A trully amazing game. first time playing this game i went on Legendary and got to turn 100 and lost everything because i expanded to fast which effect the whole game. The game still has a few bugs in it but is much more playable now than when the game was first released.
,Not Recommended,214950,6087891,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,lynx,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaDlihIqPws''Greatest Total War title ever.''
,Recommended,214950,12224590,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Boom! Headshot,took over a year to make this game playable through patching. But works ok now.
76561198105721972,Recommended,214950,22003979,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Damran Komran,"Every total war game more complicate than others, but that is such a good game and many total war gamers can solve majority of game easily  but total war  should make a simple game because I think  most of the players unplesant from this situation."
76561198068776847,Recommended,214950,22504692,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,stronghold70,love it but laggy
,Recommended,214950,8527080,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,andrewtheh,AMAZING!!! Even better than the first!
,Recommended,214950,19572304,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Mr ianitori,its a good game i can agree on that ... however after about a day or two of buying this game there was a bug and i couldnt open it.now everytiome i open it it stays on the white starting screen and my mouse as a loading symbol..  for me a complete waste of money  sega always messing up their gamesa decent game tho i had fun :)Update: Fixed the issue :P
,Recommended,214950,15089899,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Raptorman,8/10
,Not Recommended,214950,10319842,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Calexus,Have they fixed this garbage yet?
76561198070635020,Recommended,214950,9844047,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Roadman Shaq,Yeah
76561198008582160,Recommended,214950,7883087,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TheMetalfreak360,"Now, after tons of patching and other things like mods, I can say this. It is an ""ok"" game, not a good one, nor bad one, just ""ok"". If you want to spend your hard earned cash on a strategy game, think about games like Europa Universalis 4, if you want that ""grand strategy"" in it. Or maybe a better total war game like Medieval 2 + mods (need kingdoms) or maybe Shogun 2.But if you are crazy for some roman action, then it is a ok purshase, especially on sale. But let's just say this: ""Don't expect much""."
,Not Recommended,214950,10321675,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Predator,Just a bad game guys. I bought RTW on stream after gettting so bored with this terrible game. I use the RS2 mod with RTW...it is a must updates graphics and gameplay. I am having a blast.Mods help Rome 2 but they are just a way to cover you eyes to the disaster of Rome 2. It is just a empty shell of a game. Buy a older title TW game and have fun. If you can run this one you will like the graphics for a couple of hours and then realize it is just pure crap and really boring.
,Not Recommended,214950,22204111,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,FAHAD ALSHAEKHI,Need ARAB faction
,Recommended,214950,24180235,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Connor,This is a fun game which takes time to learn and takes up some time. I would definatly recommend this game.
76561198070542488,Recommended,214950,22209739,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Techfan39,Good.
76561198115375725,Not Recommended,214950,10962337,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,klucia,It wont work on a Gateway Notebook with XP so don't get it.
76561198002542073,Not Recommended,214950,10956228,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[Ωmega]VaerGreyloc,"This game is buggy beyond belief, I had such hopes as I enjoy the series but until all the bugs are fixed it's really not worth the money and I got it whilst it was on sale, I've tried to do the prologue 6 times in the hopes it will work but no when on the campaign screen something will lock up and you're left unable to do anything and have to start again, really not worth the money until fixed."
,Not Recommended,214950,10959594,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Princess,"Spent 6 hours downloading, played 57 minutes, already deleted it"
,Not Recommended,214950,10962712,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shougon,Not as good as Shogun 2 Total war
76561197992946432,Not Recommended,214950,10975662,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Viz,"I for one will not spend another dime on a Total war franchise game, unless it is marked less than 50%.  This game was a terrible dissapointment and it saddens me that they sunk so low. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Especially if you are a fan like I WAS."
,Not Recommended,214950,9856122,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Tooshay,"I bought this on release, and was sorely dissappointed. AI was broken, the UI was irritating, the small number or armies and unit choices made strategic choices non existent (every army had exactly the same makeup).I recently reinstalled it to see if anything had changed. It hasnt. This game is still vastly inferior to Rome:Total War 1 in every way except graphics. AI is still broken. Strategic choies are still non-existent.Skip it. Go back and buy Rome;Total War 1 if you havn't already."
,Not Recommended,214950,10964315,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mckee,civ is better
76561198006843765,Not Recommended,214950,14492795,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,bonz,Conquer the world with 6 generals.....
76561198058699167,Recommended,214950,18376330,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,It works! The Game works! CA actually did something right for once!Hooray! The game is actually worth it.On a sale.Still DLC ♥♥♥♥♥d sadly.
76561198065183450,Recommended,214950,14499563,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,subduralempyema,This Is Pure Awesomeness.Three Thumbs Up!
76561198034026639,Recommended,214950,14011472,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Conner,"i love this game rome two i have played all total wars .Icant wait till more total wars on to victory ,death and glory"
,Recommended,214950,15006778,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,StinkySock24,Absolutly worth your time and money *cough* On Steam sales*Cough*
,Recommended,214950,5413671,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Pancake_Hunter,"I pre-ordered this game, downloaded and installed it. Haven't started it yet, so it must be good."
76561198008554113,Recommended,214950,7628844,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Future-Fritzl,not the best game... Rome I much better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214950,7554856,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,sKUSH,if you like beating up wogs then this is the game for you
76561198035361027,Recommended,214950,7690016,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Cancer Strike: GO,DO NOT GET THIS GAME SOOOOOO SICK OF ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T NOT WORTH THE MONEY BUY SHOGUN 2 if u want a good game i repeat ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
76561198106960984,Not Recommended,214950,8242607,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Danlenton,"HUGE let down for those of us who played Rome 1, you lose a lot of control over units, armies, fleets, and cities. The number of cities has been reduced and they have added new restrictions to troop and fleet movement. I would not recommend buying this game if you liked the amount of control you got in Rome 1."
,Recommended,214950,25877777,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,stefanos206,Just love it
76561198058006701,Recommended,214950,26223938,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Bwaffump,"i have no idea what all all those complaints about the game haveing issues are, works fine for me"
,Recommended,214950,26971469,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,onifur,After a disgusting beggining this has become a noteworthy game amongst the strategy genre and the TOTAL WAR series.
76561198279452277,Recommended,214950,27284762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blurrz,"""I'll just play for an hour, I have to update my troops after this research is finished""*1 hour later*""Well I really need to grab that territory from the Seleucids""*5 hours later*""%$#*"""
76561198169522296,Recommended,214950,28277571,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,BIGRHINO!,amazing game
,Recommended,214950,26226592,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,FollowerChris,Great game
76561198072024532,Recommended,214950,28272182,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,tintintin1100,"Great game! I have played all the total war games and each has its pros and cons. Rome II plays great, I really like how many factions there are and the politics that you have to deal with. Only being able to build troops with a general and not being able to leave troops to protect a city without that general always present has been difficult to get used to and makes protecting your citys difficult but it does give a new appreciation for stratigic placement of advancing armies and defending armies. One thing I was very disapointed with is not having any hero like troops who have special abilities and are really powerful like they had in Shogun 2. I really like to be able to get attatched to a couple of my troops trying to decide where they could be best used like you could with the hero units in Shogun 2. I thought champions would be like that and would appear on the battle field but this is not the case. Other than that, the game is great and I haven't experianced any bugs or problems with the game."
,Recommended,214950,26186875,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,AnimeOtaku589,really good game
76561198111922396,Recommended,214950,21904992,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,RolfCopter,"Great game, the graphics for a full scale war are excellent, game play is smooth and would recommend."
,Recommended,214950,22406949,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bloody Helmet,"Bought the game and it originally didn't work, but eventually got it to work and it brought back memories of the old games. They made a few changes but still ended up relatively good."
,Recommended,214950,7886742,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SF_Engineer,Since release the game's mechanics and AI have been greatly improved. The amount of costly DLCs is a negative but the game is still very much enjoyable without them. The quality of the units and maps is very high.
,Recommended,214950,8459559,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Diruk,"Despite the negative reviews ROME II has received ever since its release.It isn't bad at all, It's awesome with the Imperia Mod.The only problem I'm still at a tug-of-war at is the amount of CPU that goes into keeping the game up.If you really want to take in the game, it's also highly recommended to get a good graphic card for it."
76561198044712565,Recommended,214950,8709490,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jets0925,I love the total war franchiez. And this game makes it even better. Now when the game game out it was a bit disaponting I had a lot of lag. However the game has gotten a lot less lagy and more fun to play. I cant wait to see how it will get better over time
,Recommended,214950,12429241,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Buccaneer'er,"Wish I had this game. Played it with a few games with a couple of friends, we both freaked out. Too bad im poor10/10 Would have."
,Recommended,214950,7885903,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kommandant,"This game got so much better compared to when it was first played on september last year. The politics have changed, the buildings, the AI. I love it :D Thank you game dev, you are awesome!"
76561198022569671,Recommended,214950,22895811,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SovietWrath,10/10 would do again.
76561198127822246,Recommended,214950,14487140,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,the youngling hunter,really fun but freezes once in a while
76561198048895622,Recommended,214950,13485323,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The K Dog,"It is cool. Buy it when its on sale, like it is for Christmas."
76561198007340139,Recommended,214950,28390158,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,IoSonoCataldo,I hate this game. Buy it.
,Recommended,214950,10857393,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mike Hawk,"i love this game so much.it speakes to my inner being. the way that every decison can make my empire grow or fall, is absolutely wonderful.sure their are a few a kinks but when is't their. the real time battles are just uh.how can i put them in words . here goes imagine wathcing lord of the rings 3.but instead of watching to armies go at it u control the fight. even when u think all is lost in ur fight u can always clutch or in rome 2 terms 300 it. all in all if u lobe the smell of ur enimes blood in the morning while u and ur men counquer the ancient world, the only thing u need to ask ur self is how far would u go for rome.(or any other faction u are playing as)"
,Recommended,214950,9234056,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Great game, and in its current state it is nearly flawless(if you ignore the usual quarks of CA game engines, I however have had zero crashes since the Emperor Edition was released a while ago.Great replayability, great graphics, a huge thriving modding community, and the DLC isn't all just a money grab/if you just buy what you want almost everything enhances the gameplay options alot. Not to mention this game has a lot of FreeLC that has been released since launch(like the Emperor Edition for example, and its whole seperate campaign.)If you're a roman history buff, or Total war fan I can't recommend this game more, however if you're looking into this title expecting the Total War series to have taken a new direction, or hoping some features you may not like have been removed etc, I hate to disapoint but it is just a total war game through and through and true remake of the original Rome total war, with of course many more updates to the game's mechanics, and even a few removals(not being able to gift territorties was one that really stuck with me)."
,Recommended,214950,10842150,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,OllieJT,"So many bad reviews here from launch, but they have been quick to fix issues and update us with free content.Love this game! :-)"
,Recommended,214950,14604231,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Zarathos,"The way this game is made of is just amazing, because you can control your armies in the battles in a very creative way as well as how control your empire from the map to control the world and manage your relationship with other factions, the developers in this game really change the way we look to strategy games since Rome 1, amazing game."
76561198011331648,Recommended,214950,17226348,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Byzanking,"I have played the game for over 500 hours, so I obviously like it.  When it came out it was quite the mess.  The patching along with awesome mods have made it a good game imo.  I don't like the way CA sends out titles in beta now, so I will not be pre-ordering any furthet titles until they can get the quality on day one to an acceptable level.  I would suggest anyone who likes the Total War franchise to purchase the game in it's current state, however,  be wary of any of their games on day one."
,Recommended,214950,30008438,Posted: 18 February,all,KillerOnDrugX,"This is my first Total War game and I am in love with it! It is a great game if you like strategy and large scale battles. The workshop content will allow you to enjoy this game more. I highly recommend this game, at least when it is on special"
,Recommended,214950,19953130,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Arctic Dream,"Absolutely phenominal RTS. Mixture of Civ and AoE makes this title a must have. Although, Sparta and Athens being a DLC package hurts a little."
,Recommended,214950,33094341,Posted: 1 July,all,Vulpus,Overall aout of my long hours on this game I found it quite enjoyable.
76561198143592931,Recommended,214950,23961382,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,gamenmetal,The battle AI is much more interesting than when first released.
,Recommended,214950,26558391,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Beta Cuck,"For everyone that played the original Rome total war this game in no way can replace what that game achieved. However this game carries forward the same combat style that have been a part of total war for over a decade and player on player combat in this edition is just as if not more fun than it ever was.We all know  ROME II had a lousy release but none of the serious issues that persisted then have passed forth to the current day, ok sure there are one or two bugs but most games have this characteristic and I have not come across anything game breaking as of yet.The campaign is pretty fun if you have the time but the battle AI isn’t too hard to master, I think where this game shines the most is in multiplayer battles and co-op campaign which is what I’ve spent most my time doing. If you have friends who play total war then certainly your experience with this game is going to be a fantastic one.This game goes on sale about once every four months and I recommend getting it then, as for DLC’s I would think about your play style and buy a respective faction pack during the sale. I picked up the game and all DLC’s for £15 during the Christmas sale of ’15 and was well worth it."
76561198049784744,Recommended,214950,18383123,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Da Kuun,Rly lovly to play campaing with friends
76561198136185384,Recommended,214950,25782837,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ronald Villiers,"It's a great game and the massive battles are the best, still better than the new Total war warhammer"
,Recommended,214950,13407890,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Deadlyundead,Has its flaws but has greatly improved since the release of the emperor edition I do disagree with the absolute flood of dlc that seems to be coming out for this game.
,Recommended,214950,14717100,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,#RipDicon,"The game has very similar mechanics to any other total war accept its different enough to have its own title, the campaign map is easy to control and the battle mechanics are astounding. I have issues in the past on different computers of it not running properly and have spent over £700 on a gaming computer to play games like this but for anyone who had a relatively old computer, or bad graphics card or processor, it WONT RUN NICELY... itll be slow, clunky and simply no fun to play. Also the DLC costs way to much, some DLC's being £6 and others beign £10. It also, for me, experienced lag spikes at rare occations but enough to be noticed.LOOKS AND FEELS AMAZINGIF YOU HAVE A GOOD COMPUTERWAY TO MANY DLC'S THAT AMMOUNT TO WAY TO MUCH MONEYWONT RUN HOW YOU WANT IT ON ANYTHING OTHER THAN A PROPER GAMING PC"
,Recommended,214950,8458544,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jodasuper,i like the game
76561198076306390,Recommended,214950,14568382,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Wide Eyes Chink,"Not enough playing time to post a full review, but its okay I guess..."
,Recommended,214950,19416143,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Last Praetorian,My favorite period in history. Few games can even come close to matching the emmersion that the Total War Franchise has acheived throughout the years.
76561198008573316,Recommended,214950,16671016,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Kamsko,"TL;DR version: It's worth it now.Normal version:I was very skeptical about buying this game. I saw all the reviews saying how CA ♥♥♥♥ed rome 2 up and comments from other players saying that emperors edition is still bad. However, I decided to go against the odds and bought the game on summer sale and I must say I was suprised in a good way. Game is pretty much stable (sometimes it crashes on very big battles If you have high graphical settings), graphics look really good, AI sure is better( it tries to flank with cavalry or ships) and overall I like the experience but I must say some things sure could be better. Unit cards can be sometimes confusing and I found music to be rather made for historic movie not total war (rome: total war music mod fixes that, it is really worth it). If you have many units attacking only one they will pass through each other and create a blob (there are mods to remedy that) and speaking again about AI it sometimes does weird things (However, in every total war AI sometimes ♥♥♥♥ up). For example I trampled the AI to dust and he was left with 1 village and meager army and no he won't accept peace treaty unless I pay 12000 denarii/gold/etc or one time AI was trying to catch my cavalry with very heavy spear unit and by the end of the battle it was wiped out by my swordsmen not doing any serious damage.All in all, in my opinion game is good now. Of course there are little things that may annoy but they can be easily fixed by mods.About DLC: I don't have all of them as I don't think all are worth buying. It's up to personal preference."
76561198079252580,Recommended,214950,16197684,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The_Bantha_Bandit,Rome 2 total war is an intresting game revolving around strategy (No♥♥♥♥♥♥it's an rts). If you like building an empire and subjegating native populace. have fun.
76561198138245970,Recommended,214950,23004889,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Slippy Toad,i loved playing this game it easily became one of my all time favorite games.
76561198070143887,Recommended,214950,23058914,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Brightside,Great game with loads of time needed to fully understand it but still fun even if you know absoulutely nothing campagin and skirmish work well and most bugs have been fixed
,Recommended,214950,23106748,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,harry pote,gudda
76561198009305075,Recommended,214950,22668384,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,INS Julius Khaldun,Love it. Total war games never disappoint.
,Recommended,214950,22745109,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,taylorc,rome total war 2a game with bad graphics and more simular factions than any total war game to datehowether with the instillation of DEI  and the numorus faction updates (with you have to buy) it makes it okin conclusion you buy the shell and need DLC to make it the full game
,Recommended,214950,23009233,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jake92100,"I liked it, but it definitely has its issues, such as the fairly braindead AI for one. I still have gotten many, many hours of enjoyment from this game however, and I would recommend other people get this as well; just make sure it's on sale, especially if you want to get any of the quite over-priced DLC's. (I'd recommend Hannibal at the Gates, for one.) Also, be sure to mod this game, and it'll prove to be fairly competent."
,Recommended,214950,23037589,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,G2 - apEX,"The base game is decent as of right now as I did not experience any AI problems or stability issues on my GTX660. Additionally, there are countless mods that adds to the fun and excitement of the game. Overall, a must have for any TBS and RTS fans as it is a 4x-esque game."
76561198175865190,Recommended,214950,22635516,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,belindaswain,"People write reviews of this game and say things like ""It`s slow"" and ""It`s laggy"". Yes, that is a big ploblem but I think this game is brilliant. When I first got it I spent 2 days strait sat in my room playing it. It`s fun, It goes into detail with types of soliers and (not to sound too nerdy) quite educational! I can understand why people have complaints but personally I think this game is one of the best I`ve played."
76561198035618799,Recommended,214950,23031817,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,okamimaster,This is one of my favorite games. The Imperator Augustus campaign is especially fun!
76561198012688476,Recommended,214950,8434526,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,jeremyeames,"When compared to its predecessor, Rome II comes up short. How short depends on who you ask. For me I have played every Total War game since the original Shogun. The great thing about the games leading up to this one is the indepth feel. You are the King. You are the one making every decision. You feel invensted in the time you've spent to create the empire you want. The downfall of Rome II, other than its many technical shortcomings (ie crashes, bad AI, etc.) is the fact that you are not really connected to any of your generals, you are not really connected to any of your populace, your cities don't feel strategically important, there are no internal power struggles or polotics, in sum it feels like everything is 'just there'. There is nothing tying you into the game.As opposed to many other gamers, I did not have any graphical issues and to me the game looks great. The scope of the map is incredible, and the battles, though to quick without mods, are generally good, though AI could be better. The lack of cohesivness to the experience is troubling. The political system is a shame to Creative Assembly, as im sure they are aware. The Diplomacy suffers from a lack of authenticity and adaptability. The family system from Rome I is gone entirely.In total not a terrible game but definitively underwhelming for a Total War Game."
76561198046910706,Recommended,214950,8347479,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tswizzle,"Rome 2 is in my opinion a good game overall. I know there is a LOT of hate coming from the community about this game. There are still a few graphical bugs, however, my computer rarely crashes. The AI is not AS dumb as people say it is, as long as you're playing on a higher difficulty. However, no matter what the reviews say, this game is not NEARLY as bad as Empire total war on launch. Most of the problems, including the 5 minute turn time, have been fixed through the so far seven patches. The battles are extremely addictive and so actually require some tactics to win, even in the middle of the heat of the battle. Overall, the game NOW is quite fun and rather well made. I must disagree with most of the other reviewers. If I were to rate it on a scale, it would probably be a 7.5/8 out of 10."
76561198038758035,Recommended,214950,10282065,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Shwifty,"Great Game! I recommend this to anybody that likes stradegy games. By far the best, big third person battles I've ever seen and realism involved in this game. Be wary because the game can get a little too crazy when you get careless and decide to attack random people."
76561198027703016,Recommended,214950,19296058,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Sir_josh,If you are a fan of the series and the time period  you will like this game. It has its flaws but the empreror edition is a step in the right direction. I quite enjoy the co op elements and the streamlining of some of the systems.
76561198117130379,Recommended,214950,12877094,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,GET_REKT,Good game but obviously Rome 2 is flawed and has major issues (visit like ANY online review for more details) anyway I enjoy it because it is a major step up from Rome 1 and I enjoy playing it6/10
,Not Recommended,214950,14487422,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,J4KE,Total DLC: Unfinished II
76561198025932661,Recommended,214950,13444744,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,lajkep.k,"This is a good game, not great and probably not living up to its advertising, but still quite enjoyable.I am one of the lucky people, who never had any technical problems, well aside from AI not being able to attack fortified settlements - particularily from the sea.The graphics is amazing, the gameplay is somewhat simplyfied, which is somewhat enoying. The forced march stance, as well as the ability of army to sail the seas is particularily stupid decission. The traditions of the armies and the whole system of provinces on the other hand, were quite briliant solutions, though personally I would like to see more buldings.Unfortunately the single worst thing about this hame is its DLC history (and future seems no better). CA or sega refuse to understand, that any modder worth the name, is well capable of changing few textures or (if given tools to do so) slightly change the campain map. The dlc's that are currently being sold are little more than that. It is very unfortunate, that the franchise and the firm responsible for such a great expansion pack's such as Barbarian invasion, kingdoms, or more recent ""fall of samurai"" is now wasting both our and their time making stupid lame DLC which add few units and change few skins - something bellow avreage modder is able to do - instead of changing the gameplay, introducing new mechanicsas we should expect from them.I however still recommend this game, it is a good game, and whoever is claming otherwice is either lier, or had a technical issues that are likely to be solved by now. I however strongly advice against buying any DLC's because the only way of stopping selling of useless crap is by not buying it."
76561198117307857,Recommended,214950,15273964,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,bradass,i got this game late and dont know about all those glitches people talk about but this game was really good and would really recomend it
76561198146769261,Recommended,214950,13788771,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kaiser,"If you like ancient warfare and roman time period, this is the game for you. You will build empires and lead your armies to victory. Do you have what it takes?"
,Recommended,214950,33712185,Posted: 21 July,all,A Walrus,This game is amazing I travel a lot and this game doesn't need wifi I can play it anywhere. This game is very rich in history for all u history buffs and it's also a slower pace strategy game so it's a good game for an older age group. I highly recommend this game to all my friends
76561198366416335,Recommended,214950,34808661,Posted: 7 September,all,Lyger,"My first Total War game, and It is really fun. Great Prologue Campaign!"
76561198008896532,Recommended,214950,7958668,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,JOE1st,wait a year from release for a sale and a dozen patchesedit:so its been a year or more still glaring issues remain only shining light are modsSECOND EDIT 9/24/2014 with the emperor edition update a large swath of my issues with the game have been fixed and i can change my review to a 7/10- 8/10 from a 4/10-5/10 and i can no reccomend this game
76561198004928796,Recommended,214950,10922257,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rebelleader,It is an utterly fantastic and well done game with very obvious extreme attention to detail. It also adds very very little new features of interest or worth to the franchise and actually takes away a good deal.
76561198095419542,Recommended,214950,10286107,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Spatula Khan,Brilliant game with mods but without them it falls short of expectations. The AI is a shambles with the absoulete Achilles heel with the seige AI it definately loses the immersion and playability. Recomend you use Divide et Imperi mod it makes it so much better!
,Recommended,214950,13194861,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,PanzernKern,"The technical part remains somewhat problematic, but the rest of the game is of outstanding quality. In terms of grand strategy, it's one of the best games and it can deservedly stand next to its ancestors in the same series. Too bad that, as it seems, the publishers did not give the appropriate time frame to the developers. The potential was there, only more time was needed."
,Recommended,214950,13465067,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,DETrooper,bbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
76561198030560443,Recommended,214950,10617310,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Elmer Fudd,"Rome 2 got a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥during the first months of sale, but in the time since then, they have upgraded it a lot and i can say it's worth it no matter the cost!"
76561198118494266,Recommended,214950,11059511,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SBSteelerfan43,Best strategy game around. Definately should get the add-ons to.
76561198090939788,Recommended,214950,27001136,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,King Ding-A-Ling,A+
,Recommended,214950,21851610,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,lyndonguitar,"Big fan of the Total War series, my favorite being Medieval 2, now this game, when it first came out and I tried it, was not very good, bugs, performance issues(in my experience), and balance issues plagued the game. I totally forgot about the game until now, when I saw the Total War Master Collection sale, and bought it. I immediately tried Rome 2 first.PROS:It runs great on my computer, I haven't encountered any bugs that I know of and I had fun playing the game. I mostly played grand campaign(turn based war theater map chess like format, with the battles being in real time) so I can't comment anything about the 'story' campaigns and the multiplayer. the Grand Campaign AI is intelligent and will form believable alliances/rivals during your game, and come up with believable decisions in diplomacy, and the battles are also challenging(depending on the difficulty)The economy/resources is well thought of and it can be challenging to manage and balance, to achieve a great economy to support your empire. There's also some form of micromanagement(agents, armies, cities) but imo it's not as heavy and tedious compared to previous titles.CONS:The game engine is not well suited for melee combat as it was designed originally for Empire Total War(emphasis on guns/ranged combat). You'll often see opposing soldiers separately 1v1-ing each other instead of fighting as a unit like in previous melee total wars(Rome 1, Medieval 2)Also, I don't like how they put countless 'DLCs' for sale that should have been part of the game anyway, like unlocking factions so you can play as them and enabling blood and gore.7.8/10 will probably say 8.5/10 if it wasn't for the greedy move on the DLCsRecommended to get on sale, especially the whole Master Collection (don't get the Grand Master Collection)"
,Not Recommended,214950,19661190,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,xXWilDXx,"Rome 2 - Emperor Edition..Short Intro:Well unfortunately for me I'm giving this title, a negative review with some positive points.Like other Rome Total War loyal addicted fans (I did play 80+hours, finished 5 full campaigns including Rome twice, and played all the DLC's of the first game) I was very excited to get my hands on this game.I waited 2 months to pick this game on a 75% sale (Obviously or else I don't think this game worth the price)  but finally after installing .. I came across a different gameplay than I expected.1) Let's begin with the DLC's cuz I see they are a big part of some negative reviews that I've seen.(-) They are overpriced? Yes(-) They could easily be in the game without buying them? Yes(-) The main problem with the DLC's that some of them are overpriced and some of them don't even need to be included as a DLC.(+) The only positive side that I can find is that mainly the campaign packs are worthy to buy, mabye on a discount.2) Graphics:(+) Graphic wise the game is beautiful as it is and very well optimized, I'm not expecting anything particular from a RTS game.3) What broke me and made me feel.. Disappointment and confused is the campaign itself, a factor that I don't see in many negative ( or positive ) reviews.The Campaign :(+) They added so many new stuff in the campaign and expanded the older things.(+) Diplomacy - I enjoyed it because it's more organized with more options and more spacious.(+) Factions - Added more factions which is great !! More enemies? I love it.(+) Military - New units, better looking units , different type of fighting and defending stances to control your army and use it the best you can.(+) Map - Obviously the map is bigger which it should be, more provinces etc very nice.(+) Naval Army - You actually fight with the fleets? Laying siege through the sea? Hell yeah.(+) Battles - Don't have so much to say as I quitted the game before playing many battles but from what I've seen it shouldn't worry anybody. (P.S the ambush battles are perfect)Now as you walk towards the hill, you suddenly take a huge fall..(-) Overall stats and layout - I feel like they invested so much into the game, adding or editing stuff that I had no idea what to do with all that information. I literally found myself spending a hour or two just trying to understand the gameplay of the campaign.(-) Technology Trees - I like this idea, it should've been in the first game but again it's just too much for me to handle.. I didn't know which tree should I pick and what are the consequences of the choices that I will do with those trees.(-) Faction Layout - What The Hell. What happend to the family tree? How do I know which family members are mine and which are my ally's ? I like the records subject(-) Unit Stats - I prefer the first game unit stats, which gave us simply the AT. and Def. points, and their skills.(-) General and Agent Stats - Cunning, Authority and Zeal - Bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's complicated personally I don't find it attractive and it just makes me ""think more"" rather than ""enjoy the game and play fluently"".(-) Settlement Stats - Also a big difference between this and the older settlement info page in Rome1.I had good time understanding and reading the info of the settlements in Rome1 (public order,wealth,trade etc)Now what they did is add new stats and traits to the buildings, so it all got mixed and for me it's pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to read and again try to understand, what the hell am I doing.Short Summary -I was one of the people who fell down trying to play this game. It gave me a headache. Trying to read all the new stuff, and understand it and even if I do, I'm not sure what I do or how I do.It was too much for me, mabye it is.. Mabye it's just me.. Mabye I got used to the first game..I did play only 4 hours but I wanted to quit because I felt I can't continue to play this game and even if I did.. I just couldn't find all the fun the first game gave me.Do I recommend this game? Sure if you're a classic RTS fan especially Rome Total War's fan. But don't get your hopes so high.Do I think you will enjoy it? Depends. I guess it will be up to you.Is it better than the first game? Personally I don't think it is, in terms of enjoyment.That's why, I think it's best to pick this game in a big sale (75% discount or more ) I bought it for 15 bucks.Do not buy any DLC before trying the main game first.Will I play it again in the future? Perhaps, mabye with a more open-minded head. Mabye when I get more free time to spend on this game, and also start with Short Campaign Mod (which should've been in the game in the first place).Again I write this review on my point of view.Thanks for reading my review it was really important for me to write it."
76561198046812652,Recommended,214950,12338259,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,[5D] HotshotJimmy,"I had the original Medieval: Total War and Viking invasion expansion and I loved this. Having only really utilised Steam in the last year I decided to buy Rome II Emperor Edition. This was well worth the price tag. With 17 hours of gameplay I have only scratched the surface of what is available. Very few negative notes about this game. However, I am still running it on an I3 pc and the performance and graphics are very poor. I'm hoping with my new i7 pc on order it will be a masterpiece. One of the best and it brought me back into the strategy game room, well done.J"
76561198006617832,Not Recommended,214950,15153606,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Dayve,"Rome 2 was a horrible game when it released. It was full of game breaking bugs such as dead AI, turns taking more than 5 minutes to complete, huge FPS drops from doing something simple like clicking on a city and so many more. Now that it has received almost 20 patches and is finally fixed it is no longer one of the worst games ever released - it is merely the worst Total War game ever released.What I like: The graphicsWhat I dislike: Literally everything else. The ""politics system"" is neither politics nor a system, it's a broken idea that doesn't do anything. You can go through an entire game without ever opening the politics tab and you won't notice. The music is bland and boring and doesn't bring the game to life like in Rome 1, Medieval 2 or Shogun 2. No family tree, making important people within your empire faceless, nameless and pointless. Generals and important people in your realm are non-entities. In previous Total War games losing a beloved faction leader or general could break your heart. In Rome 2 there are no beloved faction leaders or generals and when you do lose one they are instantly replaced by some other faceless non-entity.The list of things this game got wrong is almost endless. I find it impossible to become immersed in its setting, I feel nothing when playing it. I've tried very hard to like it as I spent £34.99 on it and have been a fan of Total War since the days of Medieval 1, but I simply can't. It is truly horrible."
,Recommended,214950,12287296,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,SPQR,After the emperor edition came out I can honestly say this is an amazing game. Recommended!
,Recommended,214950,28001842,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Doc,"I played RTW 1 to death back in the day, all the other total wars are in my library but this one, THIS GAME. Is by far my favourite, I just flabberdabberdoobing love it."
76561198010639121,Recommended,214950,13259220,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,keithfo1,is gud
76561198278006701,Recommended,214950,23604798,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,EthanRei,"I liked most parts of the game, the only thing I don't like is the AI. They are just plain stupid. But overall, it is a good game, even though it's not the best out of all the Total War games (I think Total War: Warhammer is the best). I totally recommend it. 8/10"
76561198043842426,Recommended,214950,23605823,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Gordon Freebear,Best to get it on sale.
,Recommended,214950,11614919,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Zurg321,So far best total war game iv played
,Not Recommended,214950,22945163,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Lt. General Longstreet,"This game is a disgrace to the Total War franchise.Pros-- AI has improved (NOT AT LAUNCH).- Still a little fun.- New settlement commandments and army stances are awesome.Cons-- Music is not imersive, utter garbage, and annoying.- Graphics seem to be a downgrade from Shogun 2 (ESPECIALLY the faces).- STILL 60 DOLLARS!- DLC whoring.- Unit collision is♥♥♥♥♥♥ When units collide it looks like a pile of ♥♥♥♥ing leaves.- All soldiers in a unit receive and order simultaneously (unrealistic).- Voice acting is awful.- Men don't fly into the air anymore when charged by cavalry.- Campaign map is dumbed down so badly.- Tactical map is garbage.- Men slide around and go through each other, meaning they all fightr at once. Instead of waiting until the line in front of them dies.5/10"
76561198064327403,Recommended,214950,11111559,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Gfi_5,After playing over 100 hours of this game I have to say that its amazing and fun. Buy it its worth it.
,Not Recommended,214950,8753787,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JhAgA,"Naval battles, sieges, political intrigues, and even holding formation does not work properly. This game is terrible and probably the last pre-order from CA I will ever make."
76561198109869264,Recommended,214950,11864070,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Felbeast,"Despite what all others say, this is a very enjoyable and smooth-running game. I personally find campaign mode to be a little repetitive, but that remains the only flaw that I can find. Multiplayer battles are pristine in most cases, considering the sizable roster and versatility between factions. I absolutely recommend this game to anyone looking for not only a turn-based strategy game, but also a real-time ancient warfare simulation."
76561198259687174,Recommended,214950,20229561,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Grim Reaper,This game goes with how the Romans expanded the land and shows how they fought( which they would mostly overwhelm the enemy with numbers).
,Recommended,214950,7572029,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,[AIMA] EmergingYeti,"very good game, still has some balancing issue's but if you like warfare of this period its a good game for you."
,Recommended,214950,18155585,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,xdeser12,"A couple of years after release, this game has been polished to a mirror shine, but beneath the surface you'll still find some problems like occasionally bad/wonky enemy AI.The vanilla game with DLC is a really good strategy game, but the game is made so much better with total overhaul mods like the excellent ""Divide et Impera"" or ""Radious Total War"".8/10"
76561198145294718,Recommended,214950,15756643,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,CAPTIN CRUNCH,"u really have to know what u are doing unless u will hate the game, but other then that it is an amazing game and i would recommend buying it.10/10"
76561198008720866,Recommended,214950,13685681,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Setz,"After several years, This is hands down one of my favorite games to waste time on. Attilla will be ever better."
,Recommended,214950,13606908,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,4llout,"Rome died and my game renamed itself ""Total War: II"""
76561198297622513,Recommended,214950,33200590,Posted: 3 July,all,Adm. Ontel,"FOLLOWS: FEBRUARY 5Pro | ContraPer:+ Outstanding campaign map full of details+ Beautifully designed battlefields+ Very detailed soldiers and ships+ Good animations and effects+ Harmonious and situation-dependent music+ Realistic 5.1 soundscapes+ German language edition+ Good tutorial mini campaign+ Helpful, stressed consultants+ Encyclopedia+ Detailed tooltips+ Improved policy system (as opposed to the release)+ Improved building chains+ New tactical general camera+ 9 playable peoples (by DLC even more) with individual advantages+ 117 fractions+ 4 cultures+ The entire then known world as a circumference with countless regions+ Over 700 troop and ship types+ Characters and armies can unlock new motivational abilities through experience levels+ Destroyed armies can be re-raised with old bonuses+ Extensive and follow-up research+ Very high replay value+ Huge scale, which increases with the DLC even moreCons:- Nights of the campaign are slightly exaggerated"
76561198006845239,Recommended,214950,21221907,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,tcenwill,"Fun game, just watch out on Looting cities, your slave population WILL GO UP and you cannot get it down. This has ruined several games so just be careful, other than that I have wasted several nights on here, so enjoy! Definately worth it, especially if you catch it at a sale price. If you enjoy any kind of games like this it is a must get."
76561198056196744,Recommended,214950,21237334,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,llllllllll,Overall a good game but there is so much dlc you need to pay for its rather annoying. The mod support however really helps though. IMO better then shogun 2. Would only recommend to buy if on sale though
76561198236390254,Recommended,214950,26304941,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BROTHERRUSSIA,good but needs Mac mods
76561198035822675,Recommended,214950,27510306,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akkerdjie,Great game 10/10 would provoke a revolution again
76561198168660475,Recommended,214950,34702732,Posted: 2 September,all,turfmonger32,Spent way to many hours playing this game and have no regrets.
76561198084524273,Recommended,214950,7926918,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Zack has no chill,"great game, better than the first"
76561198052338433,Not Recommended,214950,11214873,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,venomo928,"You could by the base game and all $60 worth of DLC and you still wont have a game remotely as good as the original Rome. Where the devs should be spending time fix the bugs in this crapfest they just keep churning out more over priced DLC. If you already made the mistake of buying it like I did you can try to salvage the situation by looking at the steam workshop,Long Story Short - Do Not Buy"
,Not Recommended,214950,9898150,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,MaximumWorf,"No commentsEdit: After waiting almost a year the game has improved a lot but it's still mediocre. On one hand the campaign is the best part since the AI has improved a lot since older TW games. On the other hand, with a pretty decent laptop, I spend hours (in total) just waiting after  each turns. Then when I get to play, I have to keep clicking and clicking and clicking to upgrade agent skills or declining all those ♥♥♥♥ing requests for this and that.Battles, which should be entertaining and thrilling, are instead disappointing and finished all too quick. Reminds me mostly of bad sex. The enemy AI is pretty smart but every freakin' soldier apparently likes to jump head first into one big♥♥♥♥♥mushpit.Big disappointment!"
,Not Recommended,214950,10032183,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Thrasyllus,"I am a HUGE FAN of the total war series and a big history nut.This game was, is, and will be the biggest disappointment i have ever had.Let me just start and say that the game can be pretty fun at times and has its pros, however they are greatly overshadowed by all of the negatives.One word: STREAMLININGThis is probably the simplest total war game yet, and it really takes away from the experience.Now this could be a positive if you are new to these games, but for hardcore fans this is a slap in the face.All of the factions are divided into 3 types (Hellenic, Barbarian and Rome rip offs) ALL OF THEM FEEL THE SAME!The Macedonians feel like the SeleucidsThe Iceni feel like the ArverniEgypt feels like Carthage.and on and on AND ONThe only difference between all of the factions is different named units with slightly different skins.Or some crazy exotic unit like fully armored war elephants that can rip army's to shreds.To add on to thatWALLET♥♥♥♥♥♥There is already two full dlc campaigns and a unit pack dlcall incredibly over priced and worthless.But don't worry, there are no over powered units in the dlc'swant to know why?BECAUSE ALL OF THE FACTIONS FEEL THE SAME!The dlc units are  just re-skined units with different names and a funny accent.If you enjoyed the innovative and Amazingly addictive multiplayer of shogun 2 (in my opinion it was a lot of fun, disagree if you want.)If you liked the RPG mechanics of your online general in Shogun 2If you had fun playing with clan mates in a game with full clan support in shogun 2.If you had fun Playing With your own personalized army holding the flag you designed in shogun 2.Play shogun 2The multiplayer in Rome 2?Its badIts terribleITS ABSOULUTLY TRAGIC.Bare Bones and Pointless.Doesn't even include the fun free for all battles that Rome one had.I could go on and on for a lot longer then you are probably willing to read, so i will just let you make a decision.If you are a super hard core fan, get it on a super sale for as cheap as it will getbut just be absolutely sure you want this game before you waste you money.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GgflscOmW8"
76561198068781200,Not Recommended,214950,10045820,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Mada,buggy and dosen't have good performance even on a high powered laptop. Kind of a let down compaired to the others. =/
,Not Recommended,214950,10270845,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bungle,"Very disappointing. With increased graphics and more clever mechanics on the battlefield, everything else is dumbed down to compensate. Gone are the complex research trees and individual towns. In a time when roaming bands of outlaws are literally everywhere most towns are incapable of a simple wooden wall to protect them.And there are about 3-5 different designs of town.If you liked how previous Total wars were RTS with Civ like components well then go buy the latest Civ and an RTS.Shogun 2 was a well thought out and nice update. this is a hideous clone of what was once a gold standard."
76561198018838767,Not Recommended,214950,11062465,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ФHarmlessBushФ,"Not nearly as much fun as the other entries into the series. I would not recommend unless you can pick it up for 1/3 of the listed price, or lower."
,Recommended,214950,20663465,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,BatRado,Super
76561197970418538,Recommended,214950,17643305,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Finite,"Now that they've sorted out the bugs, it's a great game. Not massively different from the first one, a bit more political intrigue and interesting diplomacy, plus they sorted out the AI.Would recommend playing with a big monitor, the map looks awesome."
,Recommended,214950,9087004,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheRevolution,Launch killed it.. they have/are doing a good job to fix alot in the game but an alpha test on game launch isn't good enough! Sega ruined the game i have been waiting over 6 years for so they could get a quick buck!!! still a good game but not as good as the first in every aspect. 6/10
76561198118881885,Recommended,214950,11569806,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Ertome,beat up some romans with naked guys 10/10 gg
,Recommended,214950,23519740,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Adamantive,"Rome 2 - Emperor Edition + All DLCsOkay I will admit that this game didnt have the most successful launch but it sure did a good job of getting back up ( In my opinion ). This game has so much to offer, plus the mod support alone makes it a worthy product to be bought. Graphics Improvement, New Political System etc are a few examples of the new features in this TW game! Overall the DLCs are pretty fine as well, especially the Caesar in Gaul DLC. What I dont like is (this is just a teeny tiny prob) is the fact that agents can very much bring your armies to a halt. I've had 10 armies completely stopped from marching because of agents. Well until I found a ""No Agents Mod"" of course.  Everything is eye-candy and the battle mechanics have been improved compared to older patches of the game. AI can bring you down to your knees, attacking you with 5 full stacks and actually flanking you with heavier infantry and veteran cavalry units. Its quite good really. The factions are diverse giving players the opportunity to create an empire in any region of the world depending on the culture they choose (Latin, Greek, Celtic etc). Also the game provides a considerable and essential amount of tooltips everywhere giving you various info of whats gonna happen if you click this or doing that. Siege battles are okay but wall battles are like complete slugfests so battering rams are always a must if you dont want to send wave after wave of poor tier 2 infantry up against a tier 2 spear unit defending. I know there are some people that say the new TW games are definitely not what TW was known for but I for one still find it enjoying and interesting enough for me to play hundreds of hours on them. I hope the upcoming TW Titles will bring the ""small bits"" of past TW Titles like, Medieval 2's Assassination scenes, or the Closeup Pre-Battle Speeches or even the Diplomatic Option to give regions :DOverall Rating: 8/10 - A great addition to the franchise!"
76561198203578048,Recommended,214950,23260312,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Jaguar,"As much as people hate Total War: Rome II, it has its fun sides! Of course I have been playing with Radius and various other mods recently...but the game can be enjoyable.Classic Rome but added and removed some features. The emperor edition is a lot more polished than the patchy start they had, which is where most reviews got their venom on...Anyhow, I love it, not as much as I loved other total war games like Rome I and Medieval, but it is what it is, revamped game play and much better graphics.Roma Invicta!"
76561198110248002,Recommended,214950,23334932,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SilentProphecy,"Was a great game. I use to love it. It use to work perfectly fine, but now it freezes at the very beginning before the intro video and does nothing!!! I bought the game when it first came out AND I have bought all of the downloadable contents and this is what I get for being a, in my opinion, a GREAT customer? I have spent over $100 on this game alone and it FREEZES upon entry?! I have looked constantly online for help and I\'ve seen many people with the same story but no way to fix it, not even from the producers themselves. There is no limit anymore to my frustrations over this. I had put in over 1000 hours of gameplay and it is the single most fun and entertaining game I have ever played. I loved it. But this is ridiculous. I\'ve even tried contacting them but Steam gave me an outdated number that was no longer in use and I can\'t find it anywhere. It is a great game that I love, but not the best to dump money into until this issue is fixed."
76561198141216644,Recommended,214950,23340207,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ClitoriHandswithpigfeets,"This game is amazing.  I have really only played 4 hours, the rest were when my game got stuck and was me trying to fix it.If you have any of these you are a Roman GeneralCharge in as your General to desperating rally your men to beat back superior numbers CHECK ☑Slaughter all POWS? CHECK ☑Have a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off population because why not? CHECK ☑Ask the Gods to make the population happy? CHECK ☑Invade Carthage and destroy their stupid stinky nation? CHECK ☑Say "" THIS IS SPARTA "" when you find where Sparta is? CHECK ☑I regret to inform you, you are a Roman General!"
,Recommended,214950,23424065,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Daniferd,"At release this game was a disaster. Filled with glitches, and absolutely horrid, and terrible AI mechanics on the scale of Empire: Total War, that was released in 2009. BUT with the release of the Emperor Edition, I must say this game has been massively improved. Virtually all the glitches have been patched, and finally the game that should have came out originally in 2013. Further more the multiplayer aspect is widely supported by smaller communities that offer user made patches to the game as the developers move on to their next title.Total War: Rome II Emperor Edition is the game that fans should have had in the first place. While it is no excuse, it is now truly what it promises."
76561198140349510,Recommended,214950,23541823,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Plato,10/10 Started campaign as Rome and slaughtered barbarian scum.
,Recommended,214950,24058847,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LeFousoul1 - CS.MONEY,"9/10, have put 253.4 Hours into this strategy game on my second account.beautiful graphics, beautifully made and highly addictive!"
76561198032232758,Recommended,214950,25840048,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Am3r1caFya,"I've been enjoying the game, however I too ran into the issue of the game crashing while my turn is rotating. Not sure on how to fix it, any suggestions?"
76561198007284738,Recommended,214950,26792567,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Warry,"Banging.This game is still great, even through all the messy politics and DLC and original ♥♥♥♥ ups.It's fun, tactical and a little educational - if you take it with a pinch of salt.Also I wrote my History Masters dissertation on this game and got a distinction so it forever has my eternal love."
76561197970377743,Recommended,214950,26821394,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UGLY PAINT SCHEME,Rome 2 was a bit of a let down at the launch of the game with bug issues. But as the years have gone by it becomes harder and harder to find a game with the same amount of playability as this. The amount of factions to choose from is amazing and makes every play through different to the last.
76561198063962087,Recommended,214950,26862132,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bounnitk,Simply breathtaking
,Recommended,214950,26867995,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mitia,Best Rome Simulator
76561198072265608,Recommended,214950,26868383,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,--Defend_It---►,Крутая игруха. Вообще зачет
76561198043112345,Recommended,214950,27850662,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pencilcase,I Love this game
,Recommended,214950,28381199,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,J.U.S.T.I.N.,Great strat game!
76561198026218092,Recommended,214950,28730780,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pondering Bear,Awesome. It's what you want. It's great.
76561198344126788,Recommended,214950,28748997,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sagif,"Having a great time so far!I've bought the game recently due to the fact that it had such bad reviews upon release, but I can assure you now that that is all part of the past!I've yet to encounter a single bug, gamebreaking crash, horrible stupidity from the AI or any other major concern.The campaign/battles are immersive and with great depth.It's fairly easy to learn how to play, since you will be making a lot of mistakes and learning from them.I do recomend a purchase at it's full price (base game).Regarding the DLCs, I would advise that you purchase them during sales (the cosmetic ones and the culture Pack ones), the rest you can purchase at full price since they add ANOTHER campaign to the current one, with different factions, different scenarios, different everything!Loving the game so far!9/10"
,Recommended,214950,23332506,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Real Time Stert,Finally good with some good mods.
76561198129912602,Recommended,214950,23335413,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Goocheus Maximus,Best turn based strategy I've played.
76561198074138740,Recommended,214950,23428411,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,richieshim/Senpai,"Rome 2 is a really fun game for anyone. It is not perfect however, but this can be fixed by downloading things from the steam workshop."
76561198193431542,Recommended,214950,23445351,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,MikkelOfTheNorth,"Personally, I loved the game. I give it 8 1/2 out of 10.Some of the problems I think need to be fixed are battles to last longer, by that I mean fights.Two for some reason everytime I've tryed to play Rome 2 I crash while loading to get into the game.If anyone knows how to fix this message me."
76561198019687849,Recommended,214950,23672200,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Wautson,Spend 40 hours getting Rome in a great position to then have a civil war take all but Rome and 3 other settlements.  10/10 AMAZING!!!!
,Recommended,214950,23677279,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Hippolesb,"Launched out wobbly. Got better over time, and more interesting with DLCs. Its a ♥♥♥♥♥ to pay the extra cost, but some online resellers cut the price by up to 75%. Unfortunately TW games are too expensive on steam itself, because they dont lose value ($$$). The game is pretty awesome, I give it 8.5/10 on the whole. User friendly concept, accurate income rather then just saying increases trade goods like previous games. I reccommend it."
76561197994217392,Recommended,214950,24006725,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Shunziji,"Very last super good Total War, had already a foot into the DLCs.Please buy with moderation. Totally worth it."
76561198126487621,Recommended,214950,24247273,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,jwayne78,great game.....love it.
76561198122427539,Recommended,214950,24369530,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Edelweiss,"Aside from taking all my money I actually enjoyed this game. Do recommend waiting out a steam sale before buyingThis game as of now is nothing like its disaster of a release. And the games setting is at the best possible setting, lots of factions and cultures to toy withI'd take this game over Attila and Warhammer anytime (Its incomparable to Shogun and Napoleon though)"
76561198142439021,Recommended,214950,24379975,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,IGotzTheJukes,"awsome game,i have expirenced no bugs,awsome gameplay,cool battles.this game is the definition of a succesful sequel."
,Recommended,214950,28146916,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,mordicchio,"Got the Emperor Edition on sale, and as my first Total War game it was fairly accessible and a fun ""stomp"" on easy."
,Recommended,214950,28735289,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,st0vep1pe,"After some patches, this has finally reached the level of epicness everyone expected from a new RTW. I wouldn't dare to say it surpasses the first RTW, but it comes pretty damn close.The giant mixed land-sea battles and beautiful cities make this an absolutely stunning and awesome game."
76561198289025582,Recommended,214950,28747453,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,jomankiller,would recommend this game to anyone great game!
76561198310520253,Recommended,214950,24065540,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bryan is Codeine Jesus,Can't defeat the ♥♥♥♥in Noria
,Recommended,214950,23505753,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Federal Bum,Nothing like the movie Gladiator.
76561198007337981,Recommended,214950,25848548,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,only1alexander,"Awesome game, better than the original Rome which hooked me onto the total war series! Great stuff, hard to win, very challanging!!!"
,Recommended,214950,26795356,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dreamair,At first it was a bit boringBecause I played 89 rounds without attacking anybody. I thought the best way is to stay nice and polite:) Untill my friends said I'm just a bit ret4rded.Then I started a new game and daaaaaaauuumn it's freaking amazingLove it and will keep playing it!Btw if it's 1'o clock and you know you should go to bed and you only want to fight this one last war.... JUST DO IT!10/10
76561198007549544,Recommended,214950,23262279,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,josephstepp,"Great graphics, amazing game play, and many in depth features. I've played nearly 1,000 hours and it never gets old!"
76561198067446092,Recommended,214950,23353764,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,3MOR,one of the best games
76561198049206331,Recommended,214950,24366616,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Hypernought,PROS: It's a Total War GameCONS: It has DLC's.Realistic gameplay is our forte? As claimed by Creative........Ok So why are we paying for dlcs that include blood and gore
76561198085716452,Recommended,214950,24394356,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Robpyne17,Rocky release but now opne of my favourite games. love every minute. historical references all around and can be played casually or very seriously. for someone who lieks ancient history like myself it is a fantastic game. endless replay value and loads of great expansion packs!
76561198100330757,Recommended,214950,24007928,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,madwolfpsycho,"So today i found out that i'm running Rome ll on ultra and i have a♥♥♥♥♥♥old computer and i'm running on ultra with literally no problems, it runs too well in fact, but the A.i can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but if you learn how to deal with them you can butt ♥♥♥♥ them, there are some things to not praise this game for like the imperium system and such, but what i'm trying to say even though it has few to many some may not affect how you play the game you should buy on this summer sale because  you can spend 100~ or so hours and still have a good time with it"
76561198014607709,Recommended,214950,24089514,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,myFair,"Total War will always have a special place in my gamer heart.Including this part. Besides Shogun 1 + 2 and Medieval 1 (2 wasn't that good) - oh and as well as Empire.I can recommend this one, if you like the Total War series."
,Recommended,214950,24222514,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,DuckSmokesQuack,"If you're unsure about getting this game, I would get it when it's on sale. I like it, but I don't agree with the DLCs and the game gets very repetitive sometimes."
76561198262004745,Recommended,214950,24388973,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,tylersuperninga,its realy good
,Recommended,214950,24414737,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,JTJ,This game I did review as an awful game. But now after playing it a bit more and all the bugs that it had are almost all fixed i now see that it is a very good game. I like it but still runs a bit slow for my computer since it is junk. But I prefer the first rome total war for the battles and how fast it runs. This game has a very good campaign!
,Recommended,214950,24460888,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[E]banks,hmmm
76561198167383901,Recommended,214950,24490357,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,adieffenbach,"Rome wasn't built in a day,but you can capture it in one."
76561198222289124,Recommended,214950,25846558,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,The Witch-king of Angmar,Great gameplay but I have a crap laptop so the game runs like dog sh**.
76561198147413320,Recommended,214950,23382877,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,askale02,"So I was Rome and I had conquered a decent amount, so I looked at what to conquer next. I saw Carthage, I didnt even see a troop. I looked at Massasalia, saw 1 full army and 2 half armies.10/10 Carthage is Harder"
,Recommended,214950,23258464,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Good Priapus,At last the gods remove♥♥♥♥♥♥from ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ This fine offering lets you take command of Rome as you slaughter the filthy barbarians and Greeks alike. Ahh it reminds me of my times in the 13th. Good times... good times indeed. Roma Invicta!
,Recommended,214950,28367165,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ccat1243,10/10 use to think it was boring but then i played the campain. best desision in the game
,Recommended,214950,28736231,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tin-tin,will update
,Recommended,214950,35411591,Posted: 2 October,all,Beer is proof that God loves us,"TLDR; Basegame lacks depth, good mods amply compensate for this.Basegame:The game as it is has been fixed from most of its starting bugs, and still looks quite good. The map is nice, the historical period is amazing, and the battle system is very nice. However, the game is shalow. It is quite easy to play, and as you grow bigger it gets even easier. The building system is very easy to learn, and you can easily outsmart the AI in battle. Upping the difficulty to make the AI get a ton of legions, be super aggresive and have buffed unit stats is possible, but I recommend another option.Mods:There are a ton of mods for this game, produced by a still very active modding community. I would highly recommend playing this game with one of the two major overhaul mods: Divide et Impera, or Radious. Both add depth to the game, but my preference goes to DeI, which I'm currently playing with. Everything is overhauled in this mod, new historical units, the AI is better, there is a supply system and a population system. For me DeI adds the depth that I missed in the basegame, and since its enterily free I highly recommend you to use it.There are also graphical mods that make the game look nicer (I recommend GEM and Aztec lighting), and a ton of smaller mods, with which you can customize the game entirely to your taste. I would say that a fully customized Rome 2 can be a very good game, and since its entirely free, I do recommend getting the game.DLC's:The DLC's are generally not worth the money, except when they are on sale (I bought mine 75% off), and you specifically want to play some faction. The DLC's are not needed to have a good experience with this game, and I would only buy them if you have played quite a lot of hours, and want to try out some new factions or campaign maps."
,Recommended,214950,31246990,Posted: 19 April,all,Pickle Rick,"If you actually get to play the game, its an amazing strategy heavy game that is super addicting and fun. But beware that the game crashes very frequently and I cant even play it anymore because of this reason"
,Recommended,214950,7793036,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SycB,"Good game overall, some tweaks need to be done though each successive patch is doing wonders to make the game a better playinig experience."
,Recommended,214950,9671226,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Browntrouser,"hard at first, but u learn as u go. its fun trying to take over the known world"
76561198062544946,Recommended,214950,9686340,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,xX i Am BreeDo Xx,"Quality game, great fun for anyone who hasnt played it. play it."
,Not Recommended,214950,10164744,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Larryusc54,"This game will work fine for like a week, then it will refuse to launch and if it does its so buggy its a disgrace. Dont expect any help from Sega cus it wont come. Basically its a giant waste of 60 bucks"
76561198006770086,Recommended,214950,9311910,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Azachon,Brilliant game! worth every penny!
76561198105175988,Recommended,214950,9312775,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Joaovsouza,"Very, Very, Very good. The best strategy game that I have ever played!!"
76561198087722016,Recommended,214950,9313525,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Steve1599,"A fun, exciting game that continuously develops. The only problem is that you can't be any faction you want, and you have to pay to actually BE sparta or athens, which are the ones I wanted to be when I bought the game.  But nevertheless, if we didn't have to PAY money after we just bought a 60 dollar game to find out that the 2 factions you wanted to be weren't IN THE GAME...""you have to buy them."""
76561198079975695,Recommended,214950,9319427,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,FictionalTrollz,"this game is amazing, definetly get it"
,Recommended,214950,9319588,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,HeavyAssault,"This game has deffinitely recieved its fair share of crticism, on launch the game has numerous issues and 9 patches deep it is still not complete, releasing a buggy game is not acceptable. Looking beyond that the game has some enetertainment to offer. First and foremost looking at this game you need to look past the previous titles and see this game for what it is. THe graphics are great, the strategy offered on the campaign map is different and more unique than the previous games, old fans complain understandably but to a new user or someone who has not played a total war game in a long time the strategy present will be challenging and interesting. Battles play out great, larger and bigger than ever before.The game does have a learning curve and to fully learn the game you will have to go thru the guides and get some experience to understand it all but once you get it you are looking at an awesome game with some of the best battles a total war game can offer.In its current state the game gets a solid 7/10. With some more patches and hot fixes the Ai could use some more improvements. Modding support is deffinitely another plus. Once the Ai is complete and you can find the mods you prefer the game is worth the money."
,Recommended,214950,9627272,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Rob Coleman,"Although release nearly rivaled that of Empire: Total War, CA have largely improved nearly every aspect of the game. Although I think they are pushing their luck with the pay to play DLC, there is room for much improvement in patches yet to come."
,Recommended,214950,9630355,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Grawwz,"Looks great, plays well, fun. Good buy."
76561198035541811,Recommended,214950,9637339,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,..,"Has enyone else got ever for a brief moment wanna take over the world. Well, i have. If you have then this is the game that gets you the closest to it. +Its a great strategy game and told to be the best ;D"
,Recommended,214950,9599868,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,supernewt51,"A good game, worth a sale price but not full price, if you are expecting it to be like its predecessor however you will be dissapointed. Its gameplay is less exciting and generally the balance is all over the place. Add that to the considerable amount of bugs and shoddy AI makes it in reality a forgetable game.The game looks great and some of the changes are for the better, its just not enough to write home about sadly, as i said its a sale item."
,Recommended,214950,9666437,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,BLACKWATER,I love this game. They did a fantastic job equalizing the playable faction. I playing as the barbarions traibs and now I can use them against factrion lake Rome and Carthage.
76561198056353107,Recommended,214950,9668636,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Sean,awful start refuse to play now but playable
76561198102464293,Recommended,214950,9638930,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,jtjohnwterrell,"I was very hopefull for this game, and have given it chance after chance to impress me. However I really feel that this is a good reprasentation of how the gamming industry has gone down in quality over the years. what I mainly mean by saying that is that companies used to make sure a game was a good complete final product before they released it. now though it seems that every game is released far to soon becuase the companies didnt budget properly for the release. meaning that we get a half♥♥♥♥♥product until they are able to fix the bugs. this means that the game has had to have like somewhere in the realm of 30 updates since its release in october. one update totally made the game completley unplayable, and SEGA was interely unhelpful in helping me getting the game running properly again. I had to have my entire computer memory wiped by geek squad (something that cost me upwards of $200) just to get the game playable again.The positives: it is a very epic and large game with many improvements from the original rome total war. the campaign map is much larger and more in depth. The battles have the ability to have blood and gore and are much more fluid than the original rome total war.Negatives: the load times on this game are a huge low point. sometimes it will take 15 min just load a saved game.also the turns sometime take 10-15min just for the other nations to do there turn, during which time you better be moving your mouse around or the game will just dump you back to the dexktop becuase it thinks ur idle if you dont move th mouse in 60 seconds now.And the constant updates are really starting to get so old that i am about to be completley over this game. the past 4 times I have come to play the game I have had to wait upwards of 30min to an hour just for some new stupid update to be downloaded. Just to play the game.this is far to much waiting and waiting and waiting just to play a game. I really hope someone from SEGA reads this and realizes that people do not appreciate being sold half completed products. oh and maybe they could make the game work properly instead of constantly focusing on putting out new DLC. just so they can make another cheap quick buck. very disapointed in a company I have supported since the mid 90's."
76561198101393530,Recommended,214950,9639455,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,S.A. Uumesam,"Total War: ROME II is an immersive and very in depth strategy game that offers countless hours of fun. The single player campaigns are grat tests for the players ability to keep their chosen empire under control. The real fun is in multiplayer, grab a friend and start either working together for the greater good, or drive a dagger in their neck. Total War: Rome II is one of my favourite strategy games."
,Recommended,214950,8700672,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Tesku,"There are so many negative reviews for this game, but I think differently.  There may be bugs and glitches, but this game is still playable.  CA are also committed to releasing patches to fix these problems.  I enjoy this game and its many mods.  I wish I had a better laptop to run this on max.  It is a beautiful game and you should give it a try.8.5/10"
76561198116103447,Recommended,214950,9393763,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Donald7777,"Game has really improved since it first came out, its at patch 15 and its almost completely different from launch which is a good thing. Awesome mods availble for this game, the best one probably being divide et impera which creates a very close to reality game. However the vanilla with mods is still a very good game now."
,Not Recommended,214950,11175044,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Viðarr,"Unit AI is no longer responsive and intelligent like in Shogun 2 & Empire.The provincial system has wrought havoc on the old city/settlement system of the past games,it is no longer as predictable as the old one and does not have Enough information.The family/political system is vague and unrewarding, it does not feel like there is a point.The plus? It is visually beautiful, but the campaign map does not need this new level of detail with obscuring weather.Shogun's simplicity in the campaign map is Zen. . ."
,Recommended,214950,9377336,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Graves27,Best out of the Searies
76561198101529962,Recommended,214950,9659420,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,BQNGRIPS,yea buddy
76561198045898601,Recommended,214950,9663751,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Hodor,Incredible game for everyone who loves the strategy genre and those wanting to start. So much replayability and great dlcs brought out pretty regularly too. Well worth the money! :)
,Not Recommended,214950,13797758,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,nearlyatthestation,"If you are coming to look at Rome now the probability is1) your not a longtime fan of the series2) You were waiting around for it to be on saleIf your of the 1st group then I would join the 2nd, the battles do look amazing but that is about it, the game is simply dull and not worth more than £10 as you will lose interest quickly. A lot of people have spent a lot of time trying to enjoy this game, (this was expensive on release) but it has remained even with dlc and mods massively empty.You will simply run out of stuff to do, ending turns until the only real challenge emerges in the form of a civil war, but these are not exactly fun, slogging back through the map to the territories you already controlled but lost to armies that appear out of nowhere. Likely you will use this feature called the political system that measures the time until a civil war begins for when its time to call it quits.If you are waiting for it go on offer just be weary that it deserves a lot of the negativity surrounding it, but if its on sale it can be forgotten about in your library.Enjoy"
76561198009611904,Recommended,214950,13870401,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Kuno von Dodenburg,"This is a good game and I recomend it, but before you start, you should really visit the Workshop of this game and add some mods, becauze this game has some very annoying bugs and features and the mods helps you to get rid of them.I was also suprised, that it works on my old Win XP computer, playing on medium settings and even bigger battles are smooth playble :)"
76561198053217657,Recommended,214950,9144812,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Wheels,Let me make it simple took me about 3 or 4 months to get 300 hours logged into this. I mean if that doesnt get you to understand my love for this game i dont know what will buddy.
,Not Recommended,214950,8234135,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Crypto,"I have been playing the Total War series for a while now and Rome 2 has a fantastic campaign system. The graphics are amazing in ultra or high settings. There is a great range of factions and the province system really works well.However, the game feels under optimized and I also feel that the multiplayer system has many flaws as it is very hard to get people to join your battle. I also feel that the game is unrefined as there are still many bugs and you need a very good graphics card and processor to run this game. The benchmarking system is unrealistic as it said in high settings at an average of 15fps, but in a battle Fraps told me I had 55fps.Only buy this game when it is at a good price!"
76561198052692116,Recommended,214950,13441559,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ouzifeng,"This game is less about the recommendation, more about the pricing strategy.I bought this pre-release for about $50-$60, and let's face it, back then the game was a shambles.After patching it to death the game is now playable and I find out it is $10......lesson learned - wait and buy the game heavily discounted later"
76561198119469205,Recommended,214950,19444722,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Former Jesus,"I like it, though, It does like to crash, and freeze my computer, I am using a slightly older model. It is a lot more of a meatgrinder than a stratagetic game in battle compared to the first one. If it didn't crash for me so mch, then Would have many more hours."
76561197996324574,Recommended,214950,10606704,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Corsto Terrore,"This game's finally become playable and in its current state, it is pretty good."
,Recommended,214950,9290815,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,At1as,All around one of the best TW yet i love the coop campaign me and my friend cant stop playing if you love TW  this is a must have
,Recommended,214950,9299804,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,DocWinters,the finally fixed all the problems
76561198008445371,Recommended,214950,9303858,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,theravada141,"Summary: You need to use your imagination to really enjoy this game. The developers wont give you anything to assist you in this regard and thankfully, Rome Total War 2 has a dedicated community of modders who have made this game go from ok to great.Positives: Battles are an amazing, immersive, experience. The campaign map is beautiful, albeit a bit bland. Defeating enemy nations rarely gets old in this game. Inter nation diplomacy is thorough and clear and able to be used to achieve success. Best dimplomacy system of any total war game so far.Negatives: The campaign is a self driven, storyless saga that is intended to allow the player to create his or her own drama, however the developers didn't create any tools at all spur the players imagination or to assist in creating the drama in the players head. The player does not have the same emotional investment in the campaign as in the battles. Internalpolitical system is terrible.Subscribe to even the most basic mods offered and this game goes from a 5 out of 10 to a 7.5. Find a good mix of mods to suit your playstyle and this game becomes a 9.5."
76561198095522533,Recommended,214950,9304874,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Seasoned | »Black Dick Jizzal,Great turn based strategy game.
76561198031329820,Recommended,214950,9305371,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,mjlear,Improved Game had to update everything in order for this game to play.
,Recommended,214950,9305984,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,cherrydrops,maybe
76561197973590494,Recommended,214950,9309241,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Oda Nobunaga,Great Game!
76561197991461212,Recommended,214950,9350561,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,zerteg,"Its like watching the best roman era movie you have ever played when you are in the middle of battle, but the strategy part of it is fairly slow paced, but well worth the wait. I do not reccoment it to people with lower performance computers, it will wreck your your fps."
,Recommended,214950,9354597,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Diabeticles,"This is a great game when not compared to the original.  With the lack of updates and improvements, inexplicable overuse of processing power, and general roughness of the game, it was not the reboot I had been searching for.  With that said, I still play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, and can't wait for the preformance issues to be fixed; recommended future buy."
,Recommended,214950,9357324,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Numure,"I purchased this game months after release, and multiple patches in. I did not experience any of the issues mentioned in most of these reviews. The game is very stable, has not crashed once. I absolutely love that they reduced the load times compared to Shogun 2.With that said, I do find frustrating that some major factions get destroyed by minor factions initially (Rome has not survived in any of my games).Overall a good game that should provide over 50 hours of gameplay to any strategy game lover."
,Recommended,214950,9394886,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,aaron_nhs,for some reason now when i try to start Rome 2  every time it kicks me out of the game
76561198046634108,Recommended,214950,9397111,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Cauis Fabius Mallelous,Great game!!!! Cool graphics and fighting animations!!!!A few minor problems but nothing major that affects the gameplay too much.A must for any RTS lovers!!!
,Recommended,214950,9296840,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BongLord Jack,"Post-patch 9, this game is looking a whole lot better. It had a really shaky start, but as of now I would highly recommend.I love ancient history, I love military strategy. If you feel the same, this game is just the best of the best. One thing I really don't see out there is historical accuracy, but this game is pretty damn good about it.However I also recommend a decent gaming rig for this bad boy. My computer really isn't great, but I can still run the game on medium graphics settings without much lag. If you have a good graphics card, Rome II should look pretty fantastic.The game's at patch 12 now, and the Creative Assembly has really sorted out the gaming mechanics and balancing. Is it perfect? No, but it's still really, really exceptional."
76561198056462388,Recommended,214950,9299529,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Warlord Wackeh™,"I definetely have to recommend this game, I've read also read all these negative comments in which really throw you away from the game. Yes, the game is hard, but that's what you want, no? It's not easy to please an entire Empire and rake in the Benjamins. Keep that in mind, but when playing you really should focus on your people. The battles are really fun but sometimes challenging. The graphics are good. (If your computer is good.) So, yes, overall this games is abosultley amazing!"
76561198045119021,Recommended,214950,9358877,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,MaZdA MoN3Y,Definetely not worth $60Pick it up during a sale and be sure to get the radious mod pack. Only then i'd say this game is worth it.
,Recommended,214950,9367049,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,YU | Draco,"I like it. Needs more anti-aliasing. Too edgy.Very fun, decent combat mechanics. The sheer ability to make your own Roman Empire is grand.Enemies can either be OP or UP, though either can be fixed by another army or two.Navies are useless, and squalor keeps all my non-military buildings at level 2.For negatives, please see the unrecommended reviews."
,Recommended,214950,9367069,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,China,"its broken, but it has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,214950,9367564,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,samlumby7,MEGA
,Recommended,214950,9369715,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Te0 Reigns,"Total War has always been one of my favorite franchises, And the original Rome total war is a cult classic. Rome II is a  Strategist 's Dream. the level of depth in every action is amazing. Its also one the most beautiful Game's on the PC right now. there nothing quite like zooming in on a thousand sreaming Roman troop's charging into battle, while your fleet rains firery death on your enimeies from the distant coast. If you play i suggest you crank up the setting to Ultra and grab a towel cuz your gonna need it fo the puddle of drool. :-)"
76561198024173625,Recommended,214950,9378730,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Le Mad Rooster,"- nutshell - worse in every single way compaired to rome1 except for the graphics which look awesome when viewing the fights on the battlemap. but still recomended because it is still a good game in its own light and also really where else are you going to go for this stuff -nutshell --strategic map-cons-city building- less options and freedom when building, following the shogun2 model of 2-6 building plots to    assign  structures tovery dumbed down compaired to rome1, medieval2 method-3 types of agents avalible but very limited cap on each type in early game and still quite restrictive in late game, also no action videos, wtf CA seriously-armies are capped now not just by what you can support but by an unexplained arbitary number, so if you feel like leaving some extra men to suppliment your garrisons you had beter be prepared to sacrifice a whole stack from your total forces even if you only want to leave 2-3 units it counts as a whole stack to the total-deplomacy is dumbed down compaired to previous games. simple options and less freedom.-pros-pretty, the graphics have, as would be expected, been updated durring the last decade-i find myself liking the army personalisation, each army has its own legacy and like the generals in shogun 2 they gain experiance and can choose skills/perks/new attributes from a set for their current level.this allows you to craft an army into siege experts, veteran attackers or defenders, occupation troops with a bonus to public order   ect-city models on the map accurately reflect the battle map, which i just think is kinda cool-Battle map-cons-AI, the ai is just plain, old fashioned stupid. forget flanking, faints, tactical formations or any resemblence of inteligence.most battles just end up with the ai throwing its units at you until you break or they do.  i can count on one hand how many times i have seen a tactical manouver by the compon minor town siege battles the ai just throws its men down the shortest distance to the town center with no regard to formation or your own unit placement.and on walled towns i have only ever seen an army use 4 ladders (one choice) as the sum total of their siege equipment and they usualy end up just standing infront of your main gate throwing flamming torches at it regardless to whether their ladders reached the walls  or not.you really have to be up♥♥♥♥♥♥creek to lose these sieges, which you can be with not being able to suppliment your garision of two pleb units  with out using a valuable army slot-thats actually about it for cons on the battle map for me. most of my other grievances are aimed at particular units like legionarys not being able to throw pilum with out charging first ect.-pros-very bloody pretty.   as a bloke that doesnt mind inviting extra carnage to his army just so he can watch it unfold i really enjoy the new level for graphic fidelity.  watching 4000 odd guys duking i out with graphics that i would expect from some 3rd or 1st person rpgs is very gratifying to watch-tactical map is very useful for getting an instant view of your force disposition-naval assaults, just so much win.  ive wanted this including since i first watched troy years ago. also allowing tactical assaults on towns and allows fleet crew to assist land armies in city assaultsrandom grippesno sli profile - self explanitary really, this is a huge demanding game, i have two cards, i want to use both of them. CA and nvidia both claim its in the others hands to move forward with the sli compatibility so both are doing bugger all as far is ive heardpaided unit dlc packs with 5 new units in them- just wow CA really. massive kick i nthe balls from what i concidered an oldschool, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t company.expecially annoying after i played 40 quid for the preorder anyway and then want 3-5 quid a pop for stuff thats avalible free from the workshop.if you have played total war from empire onwards then would will love this thisif you are still hanging on from before that then things will annoy the crap out of you but you will still love it"
76561198001916466,Recommended,214950,9134579,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bandus,Much better since the latest patch; much improved since launch!
76561198075595269,Recommended,214950,14684262,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Pinyota_,"Conquer the Carthrage, Sparta or even Rome in this Beautiful looking game. 7/10"
76561198080690340,Recommended,214950,23739741,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DakotaKiaser,"I have put over 1300 hours into this game. It's realease literally fried my laptop. They have come a long way and this game really came out good in the end. If you like this time period, RTS's, and strategy/empire maintence games this is a great one. Now go slay some barbarians and Genocide Carthage...Happy reaving!"
,Recommended,214950,24356320,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,|96th|.Kgm.Winged Hussar,"Really good game.Buggy as hell when it first launched and still is a little,But too much fun not to have.The only problem i see with it is you can't play as the greek states.It pisses me off."
76561198087021927,Recommended,214950,14155190,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DIck Peanut's Nutmobile,"While playing this amazing game take a second, sit back, and just build an army completly with dog units. Why?because you can.Ive never been so horrified then when hearing the screams of hundreds as they flee from the swarm of dogs. flesh taering, throat ripping, ferocious dogs. These dogs are more independent than Rosa Parks. they dont need no man telling them what to do."
,Recommended,214950,12170191,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Space Butterfly,I play it.I have fun.I download a bunch of mods.I have more fun.I download even more mods.It crashes.I don't have fun.I cry.
76561198096685227,Recommended,214950,18045141,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Notea,Great Game really fun
,Recommended,214950,13132775,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Degenerate,"Great game with a great tone. Exciting battles and turns. Politics and other complex systems here could be simplified though. All in all, a great strategy history game."
,Recommended,214950,14830602,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Tobias Fünke,"Macadamia Nut CookiesIngredients1 cup butter, softened3/4 cup sugar3/4 cup packed brown sugar2 eggs1 teaspoon vanilla extract2-1/4 cups all-purpose flour1 teaspoon baking soda1 teaspoon salt2 jars (3-1/2 ounces each) macadamia nuts, chopped2 cups (12 ounces) semisweet chocolate chips1 cup (6 ounces) white baking chipsDirections1.In a large bowl, cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla; beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture and beat for 2 minutes. Stir in nuts and chips. Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight.2.Drop by tablespoonfuls 2 in. apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 375° for 10-12 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on pans for 1 minute before removing to wire racks; cool completely.NOTE:Two cups of chopped almonds may be substituted for the macadamia nuts."
,Recommended,214950,10437787,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Slipstream (Zoom),"Good game, Terrible Ai, playable with mods but until gates are not possible to be destroyed by torch throwing, the boats are slowed down and some other things this game is more Total arcade: Rome 2"
76561197991834915,Recommended,214950,23987099,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DEATH2ALLNOOBS,"Pretty good after the patches, but not as good as TW:Rome was when it came out."
,Recommended,214950,20167121,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Murphy,Intially a rocky start however the game is now a fine TW game.
76561198072334216,Not Recommended,214950,21209566,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Soupy,"WARNING:If mac user, do not buy. CA have ported this game terribly and I'm hardly able to run it on lowest settings. Waste of £29.99"
76561198077983923,Not Recommended,214950,21841162,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Daldingo,"Bought the game and it wouldn't launch (crashed on loading screen EVERY SINGLE TIME). Apparently it is a really common issue and there is no one particular working solution. I tried numerous methods and nothing worked. If you buy this, best of luck."
76561197964195545,Not Recommended,214950,22337490,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Whitefury,Crap game mini freeze all over the placehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=662813888
,Not Recommended,214950,26019777,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kiddterralv | 17e,"Game wont start, ♥♥♥♥ you Creative Assembly. I paid £59.99 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hope the entire development team gets paper cuts on their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and nipples."
,Not Recommended,214950,21042414,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,KATUSA1209,"NOT ALL OF THE DLCs ARE INCLUDED in ""Total War : Rome II - Emperor Edition"".SEGA should change its ridiculous DLC policy."
76561198077898696,Recommended,214950,10957184,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Slurpee12,"I just want to start off saying that I did not get Rome 2 on release date, or during Patch 1.  I don't exactly remember when I got the game, possibly around Patch 8, but I've still put a good amount of time in the game.  The only other Total War game that I've played is Total War: Rome, so I do not have that much of a comparison point.  Therefore, from my standpoint, my review is as follows:Overall, I like the game.  The early game is the biggest challenge no matter what faction you're playing.  You need to conquer territories to increase your income, but at the same time you need to have an army that is capable of taking settlements.  So, you're income is going to be very low for the early phase of the game.  However, once you can get to the mid and late game phase, you can pretty much steamroll through the AI.  At this point, this is where mods can come in handy.  There are mods that allow the AI to train the higher tier troops, so you're not attacking tier 1 troops with tier 3/4 troops.That being said, the AI needs to be reworked.  Without mods, the game would be a lot more frustrating due to its. basically, incompetent AI.  Charging a pike phalanx should never happen.In my opinion, I hate naval combat.  Losing an entire unit due to a ship being sunk deters me from all naval combat and I almost always auto-resolve naval combat.The reason why I recommend this game is because it's fun.  Some mods, such as unit mods, can make the game more fun than vanilla.  Mods provide you with changing something that you don't like, such as an incompetent.  You can become addicted the game, no matter how frustrating it can be, and it's worth buying; you can use mods to tweak what you don't like to make your experience better."
76561198072865838,Not Recommended,214950,11039340,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,VoldermortsNose,"Truly a disgrace to the Total War series. From Nvidia to Intel to AMD, make up your mind! Game is incapable of detecting my Nvidia GPU and only selects my Intel HD 400 card, giving me an unpleasent and yet unbearable framerate to cope with. Shogun 2 set the mark, this tripped up, fell down a cavern into hell, had a 1000 camel fleas infest its components and made all users of the game suffer for its dissapointing features. Who wants a game were you can only have 12 generals, 6 being on land and the other 6 tightly restricted to sea only? Nobody does. Shogun 2 made it fun where there were infinite armies coming out of nowhere. Real let down, uninstalled and it is the worst £40 I've ever spent, would rather have spent it all on Carolina Reapers and eat them that night than have purchased this. Shameful display."
76561198124656454,Recommended,214950,10978554,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,W33dLord,if this game was a radish i would eat that radish
76561198044789692,Recommended,214950,9393177,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,idfox,This game is the greatest of the Total War series. However after only a few weeks of playing it began to crash at the starting screen (this is happening to a lot of people on the steam forum). I just want to play this amazing game but I havent been able to and i just want to rule the ancient world!
76561198065655337,Recommended,214950,9393185,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,315 of something,"buggy but nothing that cant be patched, great game but not worth the price i recommand waiting for it to go on sale then buy it but all in all its a good game with some great graphics if you have it on high or ultra."
,Recommended,214950,9405170,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ben,AMAZING GAME! LOVE THIS GAME! ⋆⋆⋆⋆⋆
,Recommended,214950,9624314,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Exodous,"Rome is back again, yet this time, very different. I give the graphics 8 out of 10, sound 5 out of 10, and gameplay 8 out of 10. Overall, I give it a 7.5 out of 10. The game is very fun but still has many glitches that needs to be fixed. Myself, I play it on the highest settings and runs great, however, the problem is the gameplay in battles (when it glitches). Either the AI will go nuts or the game will automatically start lagging like crazy after climbing a wall. These are the minor things that can easily turn into big things and screw the game up for you in heart beat. I did like that they made the game longer by making the achievements to win the campaign longer. I didn't like that you cant split your armies up anymore unless  you have a general; defeats the purpose of making a huge wall of armies on the map. If they fix the glitches then it will be a 9 out of 10.... just maybe some day...."
76561198030649566,Recommended,214950,9276795,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,hushsmush,The best game ever
76561198092181873,Recommended,214950,11506333,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,-Streicher,"I am an avid Total War fan with lots of time dedicated to the series. This game is awesome with the correct mod. Otherwise, vanilla is simply dull. Download DEI or Radious to make this game what it should have been."
76561198007264241,Recommended,214950,9319830,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,NightOwl,"Despite all the issues that came with this game. I really enjoy playing it thanks to all the great modders out there and the patches they have made. I've been playing PC games for about 22 years now and can look past some stuff that goes wrong. Yeah, alot of companies make promises on things and don't come through with it. That's life, I've always been a total war fan since the beginning. Lets just hope they learned there lesson this time. Lets hope. But all in all, I'll keep playing this game."
,Recommended,214950,10101302,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Gandalf1414,"This game is a really good game, most of the bugs are fixed, but it still crashes sometimes and is not as good as other total war games. But I think it is still worth buying."
76561198068264898,Recommended,214950,9537519,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Joseph Stylin,"Great game, good for when you want to relax and have fun together"
76561198008475063,Recommended,214950,9541202,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,takismav,super!!i love this game!!!!
76561198008953648,Recommended,214950,9561171,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,MajoorSchaap,"Yes, the game has it's flaws. But i never experienced any game-breaking bugs and i really enjoy the game."
,Recommended,214950,9444222,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Doomcrow,"Awesome! But Somethings Have Some FlawsPros:Awesome CampaignCool BattlesLots Of ModsCons:Not Enough CountriesGlitchyNot CheapBut Still, It's A good game. I got it when it was on sale, so don't get it until its on sale..."
76561198027135018,Recommended,214950,9555405,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Feghaa,Getit
,Recommended,214950,9588394,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,a vespa is not a motorcycle,"It's a pretty good game, with decent mechanics and well polished assets, but there are a lot of problems. The political system is obstructive, compelling you to kill your own generals. The family tree has been removed, and generals are meaningless. (They can easily be replaced from what is seemingly an infinite pool) Each turn is one year, meaning characters die very quickly. Fortunately, most of these problems can be fixed with mods."
76561198067119777,Not Recommended,214950,10991126,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Thedeadofnight,"Total war Rome 2 is a game with a lot of potential but the bugs and glitches are to much. For example I load up the campaign as any faction and after a turn or 2 the screen just turns black and is unable to play. I give rome 2 a 4/10 for good gameplay but it loses that six to bugs, glitches and many more thins i will pay about $10 dollars for this game at the most but until sega and creative assembaly fixes there game dont buy it its not worth the money."
76561197977270699,Recommended,214950,10089577,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,The_kNight,"This review is coming significantly after the admitedly disasterous launch. I believe CA has done a good job in addressing the main problems that plagued this title at and after the games release. Battle AI is adequete (as good as most TW games) and altough i never personally suffered from many of the technical difficultes some people experienced, I believe that the 10 + patches have alleviated this problem as well.Unfourtunatly what was usually overshadowed by the citicisms of the game was some really excellent refinments in the TW experience. First the campaign view is much better and I don't need to spend nearly as much time micromanaging my settlements. However, I dont believe any auto-manage function exists in the game so I could see how that would disappoint some players. The visuals are fine, honestly not a huge improvment over shogun imo. The diversity of factions was a breath of fresh air after the monotonous choices in Shogun. Also, I really feel like for one of the first times in a total war game all agents can play an important role.The first problem i have with the game is that despite patching i still feel like some features aren't implemented fully or simply far underutilized. Besides the forementioned auto settlement managment, the faction screen is hardly inspired. I enjoyed seeing my family tree grow and wither in other TW games. Now family and oppostion members seemingly pop out of the ground. Most of my other gripes are fairly minor. There are some problems with diplomacy, user friendliness (tooltips/icons are vague and often the games systems are poorly described) and AI behavior but as a TW vet I can usually see past these failings.Overall I like this game. I've sunk 150 + hours into it. If you are a fan of TW I recommend it. If you are new to the series I would point you to Shogun II."
,Not Recommended,214950,13689796,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Eric-In-WV,"This game can be a lot of fun but the problem is they sell you half of a game at full game price and then charge you for the other half calling it ""DLC""  all these ""DLC"" should of been in the game to begin with. I really hate gaming companies are becoming more and more money hungry"
76561198039561959,Not Recommended,214950,10201145,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Kral Bramborovych Lidi,"After owning the game for almost 6 months, I finally almost forced myself to play it properly (After all I paid for it).And with mods it CAN be an enjoyable experience, but it almost seems the developers were trying to ruin any fun you might have in a deluded quest to provide challenge for the players (and put it in the worst places possible):- The province system basically forces you to conquer lands you might not want to and attack factions you might not want to.- The food/public order is really annoying. Even at normal difficulty whenever you research new buildings (and therefore units), actually constructing the building becomes a whole another challenge (buzz-killing one). Almost every building in the higher tier requires food and causes significant unhapiness, while all the food-producing buildings also produce serious unhapiness. It just seems you are hindered at every step.- No of armies(no. of generals/admirals) limits that are plain stupid and often insufficient to defend/help keep order.- units can ONLY be/exist with a general, so no more creating units at one side of empire and then moving those units to the other side (where the current conflict might be). You have to create a general for that and if you have reached the limit and all others are occupied, tough luck!- You think you made enough money to invest in either army or infrastracture and will reap the fruits of your labor? Think again, a minor nation can destroy entire towns with their agents. There is very little defence against that and repairing buildings is VERY costly and takes a long time - of course if you don't destroy the faction, there is no point in repairing as you will just waste all your money repairing again... in the meantime you will of course lose all bonuses/production/income of those building, most likely making you people quite miffed and your previously overflowing coffers dwindle.- Faction destroying is ridiculous. Example: minor faction, one town. You take it in a single battle. Couple of remaining units, sometime just one (general always included) retreat to foreign provinces  or sea. On land you have to trespass (worsen relations with neutrals), on sea - well you have to create and keep ships just for that. If you don't their agents will continue to bother you.- family trees, traits, marriages removed - never got attached in any way to ANY of the characters. It just doesn't suck you in anymore. (for me since Medieval 2).- worrying trend towards Sims3-like DLC extortion (charging for things that should have been part of the 60Euro game in the first place or that should be free as they don't have much substance)Most of these are just unecessarily limiting and annoying instead of providing any real challenge. Seriously, I do not remember any other game when I felt sort of ""co*kblocked"" so many times - frustrating. Sad to say, sometimes I cheat just to enjoy the game.To be fair, I do not encounter any bugs or erros now and many issues/inbalances are fixed. Battlefield AI is much better and battles are fun to watch - if you have time to really watch as you have to constantly control the units in order to win. But you can watch replays I guess if you want to really enjoy the show. Siege AI is still a mess (so long after release).Many issues are fixable to some extent with mods, and you will surely find some right up your rally.But paying  55 euros for a game that is really unenjoyable and just feels broken even without CTDs until you mod it is not a good investment.Pick it up on sale, don't have high expectations and mod heavily - that's what I did and I can recommend that!At the current price and what you get for it (mods free of course), it's a clear NO for me."
76561198080029496,Not Recommended,214950,10248196,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,GdlySkittle,"This game should be renamed Total Failure: Rome 2.The good points:-Graphics, there are still some bugs but the environment is quite superb. Just don't- neverrrrr- look at your soldiers' faces, you might end up in a psychiatric hospital.-Nice and huge campaign map.The bad points:-Really buggy and unbalanced. As of right now 27/05/2014, any units can pass through any other units and head anywhere they please without any real set backs (watch Prince of Macedon youtube videos Online Battle #54 and 55). Testudo formation doesn't add real benefits, pahlanx formation doesn't work properly sometimes: like if you ATT order them (by clicking on the ennemy or behind them) they just get close to the ennemy and stand there and watch and ♥♥♥♥...-Siege battles are really easy. Even on legendary diffficulty you can win a siege battle without any loss sometimes:1. When you besiege a settlement: have a few skirmishers shoot everyone until they have no ammo. The AI won't do anything but move it's units from time to time, not to attack you, it moves it's units just for fun. This doesn't work against settlements with walls (aka capitals).2. When you are besieged in city without walls: The AI will mass all it's units into a single choke point, usually the nearest entrance to your settlement....3. When you are besieged in a capital: Same as #2 but dumber: you can defend against a 15-20 cards army with only 6 cards, and that's if you are noob like me and needs as many as 6. The Ai will first try to use it's ladders (it won't reinforce them though...), and then it will try to burn your gate.. slowly. Your settlement's towers usually kill them all before they can do anything to you because I don't know why the gates seems to never burn down, maybe because they send 1 unit to burn the gate at a time. You can go AFK after placing a few melee units on your closest wall to the ennemy at the beginning of the battle.So, needless to say, siege battles are gonna be really boring and they amount for at least 50% of all your battles.-The Ai is generally dumb in all kinds of battles (not as dumb as in siege battles though), the general won't use his abilities and his units won't use theirs (or use it incorrectly, like ranged units using Rapid Reload against 1 unit of cav that I sent to scout..., etc.)-DLCs: That must be a joke, Greek, Nomadic, and the next one to come: Pirate and Raiders Culture Packs are bull♥♥♥♥s that should have been playable from the beginning. It's absurd to pay for bull♥♥♥♥s that was in the game from the start. I technically paid 15$ to unlock those factions, and theses DLCs (Nomadic and Greek) didn't even add new contents to the game...-They released ''expansions'' (Hannibal and Ceasar) even before fixing the crappy engine, that's like saying to their fans that they don't care how buggy the game is as long as we buy their ♥♥♥♥s, they are happy with anything. The game is still buggy.-etc. !!!!I feel like CA has robbed me 60$... + 15 from culture packs xDThe game does not deliver what it has promised to deliver in trailers and everything and the Ai is so dumb that it makes the game unenjoyable (watch youtube videos from Rally Point).I did try my best to love the game, even though I stopped playing it after a few hours after it's release (because back then it was even more buggy and unbalanced; I won't even mention the Ai here), I restarted playing it a few weeks ago, not much has changed and I strongly doubt much will change in the coming patches.I do not recommend this game, unless if it's on sale for less than 7, 50$."
,Recommended,214950,9632403,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,twhmcc,I could play the game the day i got it but the day after i could not play it and now four days later after every day since getting it to work it still won't work. by not working i mean on the page where it thells you about the rights it just stays on that page for hours and hours and dose not work. tell me if you know what to do.
76561197992772612,Not Recommended,214950,10199774,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Mizgu,i cant play it.crashes all the time.
76561198041823514,Not Recommended,214950,10201317,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Fast Normal,"Do not buy this game til it gets redone it is simply shoddy. I vote COH2 or Wargame Redgame Red Dragon, enough said."
76561198077160769,Not Recommended,214950,10211611,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rickados,horrible compaired to the last game
,Not Recommended,214950,10202337,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Hidole555,The Steam page still says rating pending. The people who made this game didn't care about it and neither should you.
,Not Recommended,214950,15451618,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Don Jon,♥♥♥♥
76561198144525612,Recommended,214950,19637930,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,TAW|Seb,This game has:graphics 9/10gameplay 10/10strategy 10/10history 9/10
76561198009287632,Not Recommended,214950,15047398,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,[PsI] Operative13,Total War: Rome II Base Game: $59.95Total War: Rome II All DLCs: $85.90Apparently it takes more effort to slap in repeat factions and whittle down the Grand Campaign map than it does to actually make the game.
,Recommended,214950,13283231,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Dcruize,"I hated this game at first, but with Radious mod package installed it's really growing on me. Lots of changes from previous TW games - city management is less of a chore now as it's handled on a regional level with small settlements behaving more like towns in Empire:TW. The biggest improvements are how garrisons and overseas expeditions are handled. No more squeezing 1200 cavalry onto a trading cog; transport ships are provided automatically when they're required and are usable in sea battles. The old tactic of sinking entire armies with a patrolling trireme no longer works as you'll simply be rammed and boarded. Garrisons are managed automatically, with troop type/numbers dictated by the buildings present in the settlement. This adds a more realistic feel to city defenses.Combat is ok, but quite fast paced. I'm playing at half-speed to compensate and it's bearable. Abilities have CDs so there's a lot more micromanagement in combat. I disliked this at first, but as with the whole game, it's growing on me.My only gripe is the lack of historical info on both unit cards and at the start of each year. The UI artwork is equally lacking - I miss the unit portraits from earlier TW games.It's a good game. Just make sure you download the Radious mod package."
76561198024395545,Not Recommended,214950,10984142,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,-=IF=- Olfson,"If you want to pay good money for a game that randomly crashes every 1-10 minutes (depending on how many fixes and workarounds you've conducted so far) for no apparent reason, and sometimes completely freezes your pc, then this game might be just what you are looking for.It appears that this has been a known issue for ~half a year or so and started after a certain patch, affecting a lot of players who had no trouble until then.Sadly I didn't know about this when I bought the game, so I thought I should at least warn others who are thinking about getting it.There are some ""fixes"" and work-arounds which are working for SOME users, ranging from disabling dx11 and reverting to dx9, to deleting and re-acquire certain files or folders (rome2.dll especially seems to be a neverending source of entertainment for masochists) and so forth.If you're lucky, one of those fixes might work for you (good luck on finding the right one).I wasn't, and I'm not alone."
76561198007262287,Not Recommended,214950,11011977,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Wrath,Game was great.. but too many forum cry babies and now some of the mechnics dont work right with the patches.  I don't recommend anyone buys this game.
,Not Recommended,214950,11026284,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,fruit daddy,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214950,9556644,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Landstander,amazing game
,Recommended,214950,9558810,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,[ZC] UnRuleD,Literally one of the most amazing games ever made!
76561198010892916,Recommended,214950,9563712,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Soldier,A good total war game a bit glitchy and need fixing but over all a nice game. (I'd like to see a total war game on World war 2 that would be a fun game to play and I would buy right a way.)
,Recommended,214950,9558432,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Foo Fighter[Guru],the game dont work for me WTF?
,Recommended,214950,9578572,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ImThaHulk,this game is powerfuly historic gamplay is da bomb
76561198000524279,Recommended,214950,9541119,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,TwinKnives,yes
76561198128943409,Recommended,214950,9561088,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Oda Nobunaga,only a few hours into the game and i have not seen any of these game breaking bugs. i dont have the most powerful PC in the world but it copes well with this game. i would recommend this to any fans of stratagey games as it will really get you thinking like a true son of rome.
76561197978409662,Recommended,214950,9577617,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,nmon1,"This game is very in-depth, well structured and absolute fun to play! A must play for all RTS fans and history fans! Rome 2 did an excellent job of trying to stay historically accurate to each faction. The best Total War game to date!"
,Recommended,214950,9420041,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Theo Hiddema,"There's a lot of hate about this game which I find inappropriate. The AI might be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, there is proper politics and little unit variation but I found it a very enjoyable game."
76561198127970885,Recommended,214950,9422800,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,mznmzn305,Why the Arabic language not found the game play and played more than Arabs
76561198023026107,Recommended,214950,9439273,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pycco,"lots of fun WITH MODS(i like DeI).patches have fixed most issuses, there is still a few playable though."
,Recommended,214950,9441795,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Acidren,"amazing game, liked the first one and this is no disapointment, only thing is, that it is harder to understand the skills for your generals and the upgrading scheme, and the pictures fo the troops are not very good, just cartoon drawings. this was a little annoying butid does make it  a little easier to decipher between the different unit types, not that that was a problem in the first place."
,Recommended,214950,9447194,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Orderic,"The new mechanics don't always work as they were intended. Your first instinct is to enslave your opponents, but this results in a new Spartacus every five turns. It ends up being far more profitable overall to abolish slavery entirely. Also, much like the real Roman empire, the campaign game becomes bloated and unmanageable the longer it goes on.7/10 friends, Romans and countrymen lend their ears to this game."
,Recommended,214950,9542405,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Yahagi,"In my opinion a very underrated game. Lots of the problems with the game are very fixable, and can be added with plugins and patches. Still a fun game, even though it doesn't live up to Shogun or Rome 1. The battle sequences work very well, and if your processor is up for it, the huge battles make it even funner and more realistic to the battles fought back in the ancient times. Each faction is unique and fun to play as (my favorite are the Greek states, next to that Rome), each with special tech and units. Overall, it's a great game to play for fans of the series."
76561198092500725,Recommended,214950,9543810,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,MrDoms,"Rome II is not a follow up of ""Rome: total war"" but a huge remake. It's worht the cost."
76561198030130469,Recommended,214950,9556366,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Freaking Guy,"The game is worth buying NOW, BUT this is the last time I pre-order a total war game. Next time a game comes out I am going to wait until it bloody works before buying. I cannot believe a AAA game company like this thinks it is ok to release a game in that state. It was pretty much unplayable for months. That is unacceptable."
76561198012821851,Recommended,214950,9567348,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,In_Amber_Clad,"a little buggy and not as fully well done as i would have liked. its not CA's best total war, but it is still very fun and combat has never looked better"
,Recommended,214950,9570635,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,[^666^]|Di@vol,After several patches - awesome!
,Recommended,214950,9577722,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,CLF_ZimbatheLion,"Could be great, but it is just silly. As if the makers of this game never shot an arrow, slinged a rock, handled swords, spears and shields, let alone read about historical battle formations, tactics, campaigns and battles, and how battles played out in general. It could take hours to break a phalanx, in this game it takes 5 seconds.Battles that in history lasted hours, you can now play in 50 seconds, if you have the APM (actions per minute) for it in clicking power. Formations are superfast, yet they tire immediately. Arrows have tracers behing them. If an enemy convoy gets ambushed while on quick march through a forest, it will still have assembled trebuchets ready to fire massive boulders that are magically supplied to it.Also the size of a Roman legion was around 4000-5000 + equal amount of auxiliary allies. Usually two legions were dispatched to deal with just about anything. No more, sometimes only one. In this game you can wield only an ""army"" of around 1500-3000 men, and if they march together, the other one takes time to arrive, yet it can arrive from behind the enemy? Then all goes wild with the control groups.Cavalry are invincible, even against phalanxes that have their pike ranks deployed to face them. However they always stop, unless they are in diamond formation (which they cannot form ""on the move"" but have to stop to form).Water fights are such BS that you will want to auto them, not to mention sieging major cities. Just gather enough numbers and let computer deal with that glitchy madness.I expect so much from this, but it seems to have gone worse with every update. Last fix was ""adding scorpion pot ballistas""- Really? No need to answer that."
76561198041337626,Not Recommended,214950,8471841,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,kiaziz2002,"Don´t buy it, completely waste of money. Get Sid Mayer´s Civilization 5 and its expansion pack if you are a strategy fan."
76561198064264040,Recommended,214950,9161028,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Brustler,"My God. For me death is really erotic and this game really gets me off. I just sit here in this very seat and masturbate everytime a battle happens. It has, however, caused my keyboard and screen to become really sticky and I have actually covered my mouse in so much spunk that it is unusable by any means. All it is good for is shoving up my tight,♥♥♥♥♥♥filled♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh god the thought makes me moist with anticipation. Got to go...and...erm....er....bye..."
76561198026429707,Recommended,214950,9435109,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Legionary11,"Hours upon hours of playing time. This game is a huge improvement to the first Rome Total War Game. The modifications that were made to the trade, diplomacy, and espionage dramatically change the way the game is played. I can not say enough good things about the game. The battles are awesome even on my old computer. I love how there are now amphibious assault battles, and how you can order your ships to fight the enemies ships, and also  land troops during a battle."
,Recommended,214950,23076379,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,GeymReaper,"One of the best Total war series ever, I would rather play Shogun 2 FoS just for the ""guns vs swords"" thing but playing a virtual chess game like this, would be much more fun.Recommend for smart and clever gamers out there! :D"
76561198061531249,Recommended,214950,23088667,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,PrestonSocks,"I love this game, at first when i got it i kinda didnt like it, but you see you just have to get the hang of the campaign and have confidence in strategy so you dont just autoresolve every battle, and one thing, the base game is fun but if you want the full joy of playing this game, you should defininetly get mods.... Which of course it easy to get mods i mean, all you have to do is hit subscribe to one on the workshop."
76561198013712134,Recommended,214950,23154458,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,graythorn777,Tried the game a bit its okay i guess.
76561198062377730,Recommended,214950,23161124,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,lefterisho,EXCELLENT GAME I ADMIRE THE BEAUTIFUL WORK OF TOTAL WAR STUDIOS
,Recommended,214950,10791343,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,spudi,After several patches i think game is well worth it.
,Recommended,214950,14331539,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Alex,"Make sure you have a REALLY good computer, the HUD is horrible, prepare yourself for the confusion of a lifetime trying to figure it out."
76561198004203318,Recommended,214950,19290828,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Strick,Total War gets better and better with each release.
,Recommended,214950,33444246,Posted: 10 July,all,✪ WayKay,"100+ hours? Time to write a review!Rome II, while the release was horrible and game-breaking bugs made this game sort of unplayable in the beginning, it has since gotten better with patches and work from the community via the workshop. I personally was not present during the release as I had held off to see what Day 1 would look like and luckily I did.However, It is a good game and has its merits and one can win with any faction if time and effort is put in and I spent hours conquering the eastern ancient world as Sparta while constantly fighting off slave rebellions and attempting to maintain good relations with the ever growing and restless Roman empire in the West.Overall, one can create any scenario one would wish from the ancient world? Wish to complete Alexander the Great's dream of conquering all of the world? You can do so as MacedonWant to show Romans the true might of barbarian armies? There are plenty of northern factions for you to use to complete that objective.Want to have a passive yet economically powerful Roman empire that never went beyond the Italian peninsula? You can do that!!"
,Not Recommended,214950,21806256,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Shake,"The game is great, the company isn't. This product is a scam, if like me you think ""definitive rome II edition"" implies in a full game with all DLCS and/or expansions, you're wrong. Most of the DLCs are locked, and if you were to buy all of them, you'd have to pay more than a new AAA game costs, the witcher 3 is cheaper than what you'd have to spend in order to actually enjoy the full game.Emperor edition is just the base ♥♥♥♥ing game with a few dlcs thrown in for the cheap dog that you ♥♥♥♥ing are. This does not deserve your money, you SHOULD pirate this game because that is the only ethical thing to do when this ♥♥♥♥ing company scams the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of TW series. Blood, the ability to see ♥♥♥♥ing blood is a dlc, AND A DLC THAT IS NOT IN THE EMPEROR EDITION, THE ♥♥♥♥ING ""DEFINITIVE ROME 2 EXPERIENCE"" DOESN'T HAVE BLOOD, AND IT WAS A DLC IN SHOGUN TOTAL WAR AL ♥♥♥♥ING READY, JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST WHAT DOES DEFINITIVE EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING MEAN WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE SPARTA, BLOOD, ALL TROOPS, AND SETTLEMENT UPGRADES? DEFINITIVE IN WHAT ♥♥♥♥ING WAY? ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME, ♥♥♥♥ THIS EDITION MAN, ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥. THEY'RE DOING EXACTLY WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING SIMS DOES, HOW IS THIS ♥♥♥♥ING ACCEPTABLE? ♥♥♥♥tl;dr: pirate it, it's not worth a single ♥♥♥♥ing cent"
76561197975448029,Recommended,214950,685750,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Sklin,60 dollar beta with day one dlci still like it though
76561198109722340,Recommended,214950,14196277,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Memmingen,"I want to recommend this game. Ad aeternum, ad delectandum, ante bellum."
76561198008036736,Recommended,214950,14226549,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,JJ,"It's a great game, full of content and the battle system is realistic. This is one of the only games which I've spent over 200 hours playing."
,Recommended,214950,14230856,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,[GB] I.Rapid,"Why does everyone hate Rome 2 so much?Rome 2 has It's flaws just like any other game out there, and Isn't the first sequel to be inferior to It's predecessor, but It's still a good game nevertheless.There are many things wrong with Rome 2 in terms of what was promised, and the fact most of the DLC were factions, and units already in the game, but I like to judge Rome 2 on what it has rather than what it doesn't have.Rome 2 is your basic empire building game where you have a birds eye view of Europe to control your factions units, and cities. There are a variety of factions to choose from ranging from Rome, Carthage, The Iceni, and even Sparta. Once you have chosen your faction you then slowly build an empire, manage resources, fight battles, and take over land, and other factions.The game is fun, and the battles are sometimes intense. I can spend hours on this game doing many things. I love taking over factions, and making my faction have better technology, and economics. Rome 2 is a game where you spend hours at a time on. You need to be dedicated with your time, as the time I spent on my campaign was 250 hours.Rome 2 also has the steam workshop. At any time you get bored of Rome 2 you can always download extra content from the workshop to give you many more hours of the game. Being as Rome 2 can give you 500 hours worth of gameplay (If not more) it really Isn't a game you can speak ill of.I believe the critics are being hard on this game, and the worst total war game for me was 'Empire'. 'Empire' was by far the worst total war game ever, and I seriously recommend this game to anyone who loves to build an ancient empire."
76561198067720359,Not Recommended,214950,19837013,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Ser Jethro Tully,"Combat in this game is not as fun as Attila; trade is not as fun as Empire. That said, it's a well-rounded Total War experience. Unless you're trying to run it on your Mac. Don't. It has nothing to do with how good your computer is and everything to do with how little Sega cares about good code. It will crash constantly on any Mac platform. Ignore the little Apple symbol on the store page. For transparency, I would recommend this game on PC as it plays fine on my Windows partition, but am giving it the thumbs down from Caesar for the unbelievably bad compatibility issues on the Mac.Pros:- Excellent graphics, truly stunning on higher settings- Many traditional TW elements, such as the context-specific generals speeches before a battle- Lots of little details, like snippets of dialog you can hear when zoomed in on a unit- Beautiful, if intermittently disorienting, world map- Characters and Agents are customizable as they advance, unlike many other iterations of the game- Famed units can be re-founded after they are destroyed and regain hard won characteristics- Expansions, expansions. Lots of different scenarios, though the mechanics of each aren't quite as creative or interesting as Medieval's expansions or Attila's Horde Mode.- Naval combat actually makes sense.- Combat itself plays very differently from other period TW games; if you try to play it like Medieval or Empire, you will lose. Much like medieval tactics likely wouldn't work in the ancient world.Cons:- Trade is not as interesting as Empire or as easy to follow as Medieval- Faction system and internal politics remain somewhat opaque; for example, I can't for the life of me fathom why I would want to assassinate my own guys, but it seems like something I'm supposed to do. Faction events are basically just luck of the draw, pick an answer and hope it's right.- Factions lack individual character in many places, perhaps partly due to the sheer quantity of them- Still suffers from performance issues on PC, even when you discount the abominable release. Often unplayable on Mac.- Sometimes becomes repetitive or bland as campaigns draw on; new enemies offer few new challenges.- Balance of settlement construction is still pretty wonky, you'll spend an awful lot of slots on public order buildings instead of exploring the tech tree. You can master Public Order, but it's like pulling teeth."
76561197987251507,Not Recommended,214950,20055053,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Regnorak,"I have to say after waiting two years and a new computer later, the Total War Rome II seems to be a far cry short of what I expected from such a top developer and the Total War series. The amount of bug issues and crashes seems to be a bit over-the-top for the established Total War designers. Although, the game itself offers the greatest replay value out on the market with the most sophisticated gameplay and realtime battle control. I'd love to say that I will continue to play and buy the line of Total War games but after this let down I'm not sure i'll care to buy another one."
,Not Recommended,214950,20165739,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,milk,"Silly, 10 DLC? The mods for it are 10x better than the DLC offered and yet they force modders to block content are comes from the same countries as the DLC .... Insane. There is probably over 50$ of DLC you need to buy to enjoy countries like.. SPARTA. Also, the in game encylopedia is broken. Sad that the series has gotten so bad...."
76561198006678865,Recommended,214950,7901756,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Judah Warrior,luv this game with mods!
76561198014788424,Recommended,214950,12126880,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,BEANO1972,"without a doubt the best total war now Emperor Edition is launched,Sega&CA really did take notice of its fanbase and improved on a buggy launchgreat game lots of content added,tons of fixes and changes in every area of the game"
76561198027522403,Not Recommended,214950,8568561,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[*VGS*] Eaglesaworb,"Down right worst game of the series its even worse than Empire at launch, so many glitches, 1 turn per year WTF so there is no point of upgrading your generals because they die in 20 turns, agents are useless, mutiplayer is barebones with MP campaigns more glitchy than in Shogun 2 with a desinc every 2 turns and a crash every 3 assuming you wont have your 80th birthday while the game goes through all the factions turns.P.S They Milk you for the DLCS"
76561198007088368,Recommended,214950,10898113,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Franky The Torch,"Total War: Rome II is a game that promised to be different, each general is supposed to feel unique in its own way with traits, personality, ambition, and to each his own personal glory. The game is supposed to allow the player to be able to focus on each faction not just from a military stand point but also from a political, diplomatic and family point of view. Agents are to be more powerful and important on the campaign map and in their own right unique. Even each individual army is to feel unique, and finally no more auto resolve for you're fleets transporting thousands of valuable romans to the shores of Brittania...You do get this when you play Total War: Rome II, through the modding community... NOT the vanilla version of Total War: Rome II ( Talents, Traits, and Toadies for making you're generals unique. For  complete campaign overhaul i would recommend the complete Radious mod. if you have a gaming rig get those mods and crank the settings on extreme... you wont regret it.)Total War: Rome II was not the game that i was promised at release, but thanks to a dedicated modding community. I have logged over a thousand hours playing because of the development and constant updates from the modding community. ( Still chasing the Veni Vedi Veci achievement on legendary.) With the game on sale for 66% and as a fan of the entire Total War series i would say buy it.And on a different note, CA please get off of you're A**, step away from the Romans and develop us the Peloponnesian War DLC that many of us are hoping for."
,Recommended,214950,33328880,Posted: 6 July,all,Rúben_10,"Fantastic game, maybe harder than the others like Empire, Napolean or even Medieval, in the beggining, but after a few hours of gameplay you will get used to the different interface and the changes of gameplay.Completely recommend it, bought it for 14 euros, no regrets."
76561198071850275,Recommended,214950,32486699,Posted: 16 June,all,Grumpy,"This game is a good game but has severals issues. If you want a rome 2 version that is truly excellent, add the DEI mod to your game. With the DEI mod this game become a fantastic game to play. The DEI version is much more enjoyable and is a huge improvement on the original. It is more historical and realistic and that's a good thing. For exemples;original. Agents are completly broken. AI spam tons of them and one agent can completely destroy an army no problem, that does not make any sens. In DEI agent cannot destroy full army, agent scout, govern your province or trained your army.original. AI army are often spam of levy or badly compose army. In DEI AI army composition are very good, often close to yours.In DEI troups are much more distinctive to your faction and region, more than the original version. Politic is also very important, you cannot have tons of army an just press roll the map. Food is handle in a much more realitic and better way in this version.  The game is more difficult but in a good way.In summary, yes I recommend this game, I never played any game over 2,000 hours but this game is special,  even more so  if you add the DEI mod."
76561198165447413,Not Recommended,214950,16453737,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,azamz,"Just pathetic growing up i was a huge fan of the total war series now its just a barebone cash in. The  dlcs are worth more then the game, i mean seriously i undertand the addition stories like hannibal at the game and others to be dlc, but really taking factions of like Sparta. really regret buying this and SEGA dont get mad when people pirate your game they are stealing from you like your stealing from your customers"
76561197973469268,Not Recommended,214950,17373638,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,K.B_Martinsen,Even after a year out thise game is still full of bugs/errors there makes the game crash at random in game or preventing you from even launcing the game. I wud recomend eny person there have eny kind of interest in this game to get the first Rome in stead and skib this game.
76561198158112443,Not Recommended,214950,17388253,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Richard Tickler,Just buy Rome I instead of this ****
,Not Recommended,214950,17275254,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Salty Giants Fan,"Don't bother wasting your time with this garbage excuse of a sequel. Even fully patched the game still fails to offer up on many of the promises that the developers promises while butchering many of the features found in Rome 1 and Medieval 2. The battles finish too fast at times even when there are armies spanning thousands on each side on the battlefield, there are like 50 thousand factions in the game but with 6 different cultures only so prepare to fight the eastern spearmen for the 100th ♥♥♥♥ing time! Also diplomacy is still broken even in the emperor's edition.The multiplayer does not have any of the depth of Shogun 2 while the game modes that it does offer would make you rather play the superior rome 1 instead for 50 dollars cheaper (if you are half-lobotomized and decided to by this game full price).The graphics were never meant to be anything stellar but unless you are running the game from at LEAST High the game will become a theif-deus ex 1 era eyesore.Overall just don't waste your time playing the game even if you are interested in these kind of games cause there are better options in the franchise (I'd recommend Medieval 2 and Fall of the Samurai for starters). And don't force yourselves to like it either because I've had friends that played this game for at least 300+ hours and still hate the game but they only bother half the time because of youtube and it's the only game that some people want to play mp at the moment.I'd give this game a 4/10 for failing to live up to the hype in a way that only makes the harsh memories grow worse over time because the ♥♥♥♥ing dlc ♥♥♥♥♥s over at CA wish to♥♥♥♥♥♥your wallet with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ product with even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ expensions just to appeal to the demographic that though Halo Wars and Starcraft on the N64 (yes this is a thing) were good games."
76561198041718930,Not Recommended,214950,17187203,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ᚾᛁᚷᚷᚪ,thanks CA and SEGA for letting me buy a 1/4 of a game for £29.99 and selling the rest of it for £59.90 as dlc
76561198012419528,Not Recommended,214950,17605037,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Evilgenius77,"I enjoy a Total War game as much as the next person yet there are some issues I'd like to make clear.-The Governmet/Political system isn't important at all, so far i've just ignored it.-The UI was more direct in Empire Total War.-Very expensive and prolific use of DLC content that should already be part of the main game. (Like the nation Sparta)But if you catch this on sale for anything less than $30 this is a fairly decent game, but in its current state don't pay sticker price."
,Not Recommended,214950,17424394,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,S3XAS,"So when Rome II came out it was buggy as hell and really in many ways worst then shogun II. However since Emperor Edition it is easy one of the best if strategy game ever. It would be easy to recommend it to any strategy lover or anyone who loves Sword Porn.But I can't. Not with how the DLC is thrown around. I have no problem with DLC. But when u take things out of the game and sell them by bits its not OK. Blood pack should have been in the base game and greek states. Those animal packs should have been free update.And yes I got every single DLC they put on and I would do it again, because I put 500 hours on it and I will put another 500 probably in the future. But don't be weak like me and don't support blood DLC."
76561198106261222,Recommended,214950,28805002,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,(Rex),300 Hrs and still counting.
76561198086910459,Not Recommended,214950,15777344,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,cao ma de bi,"this game has so much bug, before they sort it out another game Atila has released and this one is forgoten forever. what a great joke"
76561197982229725,Not Recommended,214950,16757780,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Gorky ☭,"Massive dissapointment in nearly every department, if you are a longtime Total war series fan do not go near this game.- Brown pastle , shogun looked so much nicer.- Worst AI of the series , diplomacy worst in the series.- Appauling seiges.You will have a lot more fun replaying one of the Older titles."
,Not Recommended,214950,15655987,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Carnyx,A waste of your money and your time. Still buggy years later.
76561198062292065,Recommended,214950,16749532,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,zaika,"I really love this game, but the players make it ALMOST impossible to reccomend. I was in a huge seige it was in the middle of the battle some moron left the game because he thought the map was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean it was in the middle of the battle! My second seige happened because one guy was having trouble defending a flank. My third battle one guy said not to leave mid game and he left mid game. I'm not ♥♥♥♥ing joking. The graphics are pretty and nice, units are great, ai is not♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore, and maps are fantastic. Rome 2 does offer some new features in the game which you will probably notice right away. I rate this game 6/10 its an ok game."
76561197993156194,Not Recommended,214950,15792612,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,SugarAddict,"Don't be fooled by ""Emperors Edition"", it's still full of bugs, they just take longer to take effect. The AI is essentially the same as in the very first TW, it's only somewhat challenging because it cheats massively."
,Recommended,214950,14489987,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,1234gothem,"I can't purchase it after it was free for a weekend. Very disappointed. Otherwisee, it was fun while it lasted."
,Recommended,214950,29018601,Posted: 4 January,all,HTTR cs.money,Great gmae would recommend to any who has played the total war franchise before but can be confusing first time playing the campaign but if you want a more simple gmae that does not need a lot of time being played to finish of the campaign in which total rome 2 does take alot of time to finish thne i would recommend total war shogun 2
,Recommended,214950,7485964,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Otto_deK,Great remake of the Rome: Total War.
76561198038364852,Recommended,214950,22960943,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,MarlinBlade,"Really good game, even better with the help of the steamworkshop, can't wait for total war warhammer"
,Not Recommended,214950,33055280,Posted: 30 June,all,Naliao,"I was so excited that THIS would be the Roman Era game i was after. I was wrong. Time period and all that is right, units great etc. but the gameplay is terrible. I wish theyd take medival 2 and just make it Roman. The campaign is the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one as TW:WH and i should have seen so. Awful campaign design."
,Not Recommended,214950,16998434,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Casarix,"Quite honestly, every change that CA ever made to this series that made me go ""Oh, interesting"" has only made the damn thing worse and worse. Rome I is cheaper, Rome I isn't beating the hell out of you with 10 DLC packs, Rome I has more interesting mods, Rome I is more fun."
76561198063551994,Recommended,214950,18621378,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Rossgard,"Apesar de no lançamento o jogo ter sido bastante problemático, depois das atualizações o jogo ficou excelente. Recomendo"
76561198027178255,Not Recommended,214950,15817070,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,FreakFrog,its just a game that you need too much time to customize with mods to be able to enjoy it! don't buy imo shogun 2 much more polished
76561198045680527,Recommended,214950,23102218,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Nox Centurion,"I've played this game since the very beginning, and it has only improved with time. Yes, the initial start was rocky to say the least. However, the game has changed radically since then as bugs were worked out, and improvements made. I'm happy to say that in its current state, Total War Rome II is one of my favorite Total War games."
76561198007261527,Recommended,214950,14449027,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Excaliberete,"Great strategy game. Not often do games actually surpass their predecessors, however, this title certainly has, and continues to do so. The greatest strengh this game offers is it's replayability. There is always a different way to play, regardless of how you finished the game previously. Each playthrough may present similar refelections of previous games, however, they will not/not be 100% the same, especially if you focus on a different strategy to achieve your goals. The end game is a bit, incomplete, since I last played, however, this seems to have been remedied (think: Civil War's occurring - updates to the game have addressed this issue with notifiers and measures tracking the progress of potential upheaval).I will add, I have never beaten this game, despite my many hours logged (estimated 600 hours), playing. This is how I prefer it. It is a great game to pickup where you can become engrossed in the gameplay and just veg. Additionally, you can pause your game and come back to it (save/load etc.) if matters of life take precedent. Very immersive historical journeys based on numerous cultures of the time. There are certainly con's I can write about but, overall, the game is a testament to strategy gaming history and I would highly encourage anybody interested in world history / anthropology / strategy / political science et al. subject matters to pick up this game, if not to engage in some aspect therein and obtain a different perspective."
,Not Recommended,214950,20534373,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Satempai,"I do not recomend this game on one reason it sound like lots of people who have bought this game have basically been scammed. Game crashes, failure to load, not even loading, and corupt files. I have not even been able to play my game since purchase and i feel that these people nned to offer refunds to those whose games do not work properly."
,Recommended,214950,23894370,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kaiser,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198095473966,Not Recommended,214950,10165236,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,tacoburrito,this game is absolutely broken
76561198081562452,Recommended,214950,9264531,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Denied Anal,Awsome game once they fixed the A.i and difficulty of them....... Recommend it for the the BC(before christ) gamer or historian !  8/10
76561198011514219,Recommended,214950,11903334,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Fripples,"Despite AI issues, the game is fun and a big time killer, if that's what you're looking for."
76561198028698790,Not Recommended,214950,9295463,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,commandert5,"I can't describe the terrible design decisions made by CA for this game, but here a a few people that can.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXkWfEIALxMhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6eaBtzqqFAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_QK-lcW8a8http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DA6BOjqjfvI*****WARNING***** All videos have some swearing. The first 3 have a huge amount of it.*****WARNING 2***** 3rd video can be VERY loud."
76561198014368769,Not Recommended,214950,17876164,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Leeroy Jenkins,GAME IS GOOD BUT TOO MUCH DLC´S !!1bir!!!1!!bir.
,Not Recommended,214950,10822317,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bubble dick,"This game was too glitchy at launch, I have had my fun with this but the glitchiness I have expereinced is sometimes annoying. The AI is just stupid, and too passive if you ask me. I would like if if the other nations would be more colorful like in Total War: Shogun II. By more colorful I mean the nations wouldn't just be Friendy, Passive and Aggresive. There were more shades to how they reacted to what you did. Also the AI's combat is terrible, watch as your neat perfect assault formation gets ruined the second you hit the enemy. Once your formation is ruined all the people group up in a horrible moshpitty blob. I have played a lot of co-op in this, it's passible but didn't bring much to the table from Shogun II. Honestly I could go on and on about how Shogun II was better gameplay-wise and how it is a finished game, so you can tell that I reccomend Shogun II over Rome II as it is finished and it's just more fun in my oppinion.P.S.; I have 40 more hours of gameplay on Shogun II than Rome II (Shogun: 121 hours, Rome: 81 hours)7/10"
,Recommended,214950,26283226,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RabidRabbiT,"Amazing game, has elements from both Civ and Age of Empires. Get the DLCs during a sale, when its really cheap."
,Recommended,214950,29370275,Posted: 19 January,all,argontheevil,"This is an excellent game and was my first Total War game in general. I bought it when it was on sale for 15$, and had I known I'd put almost 2000 hours into this, I'd have happily paid the full 60$. As most games at that price don't come close to the amount of entertainment and time I've received from this game.Set in the early days as Rome was just becoming an empire and Greece was falling from grace and power, this game offers a wide diversity of factions to play as. Whether you favor the civilized Romans, the savage Barbarians (oh boy is there a lot of them), or one of the many Eastern empires, there's always something new to try. I've spent hundreds of hours building empires for the Spartans, British (Iceni), Romans, Egypt, and Armenia. And when I grew bored of that, there was a whole new challenge waiting for me in online battles and multiplayer campaigns.Gameplay wise, it was easy enough to pick up and learn basic battle strategies, as I've never played a strategy game before this, and yet there was enormous room for challenging myself as I got better. The mod scene is amazing as well. Loads of support and variety to fine tune the game to your exact preferences. The follow up game to this, Total War Attila introduces a lot of new features that I wish had been introduced in this game, but alas this is still the better game in my opinion. Attila is very dark, and has a bland monotone map, and set in a time period which I have very little interest in. As best I tried to enjoy that game, it does not come close to this one.Mind you, I picked up this game right as the Emperor Edition was released, and I have no idea or opinion on Rome 2's initial release. However, this game, as it is right now, is fantastic and definitely worth the money. Are there issues? Sure but every grievance I've had with the game was fixed by finding a mod to improve the AI, or adding new unit packs to less diverse factions, and so forth."
,Not Recommended,214950,21920290,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,DavffyDuckDuck,"Ok so here's my one word review for this game. I think it is flawed. The combat in this game doesn't seem to work the way its supposed to. You keep clicking the units and they run in random directions. I badly wanted this game to be good, but unfortunately I'll be playing some other game for now."
76561197982047966,Not Recommended,214950,21236739,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,WickedClownX,no where near as good as the ones that came before it
,Not Recommended,214950,26439750,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sukka Madiq,"Everything is nice and dandy, enjoying the game, conquering big settlements, having a lot of fun, until your game decides to crash so hard to the point that you get a blue screen and you need to restart your pc.I gotta give it to Rome II. Prior to this crash, I didn't believe it was possible that a game could cause so much damage. Gotta say I'm surprised what triple A games these days can do.And, to my surprise, this crash didn't happen during a large battle. It happened during a turn....Yes. A ♥♥♥♥ing turn.10/10 would crash to a blue screen during a turn again."
76561197999423205,Recommended,214950,31990872,Posted: 27 May,all,RisTanA,♥♥♥♥♥♥ launch that was absolutely infested with bugs. It has come a long way. If you're into rome buy this ASAP
76561197991811249,Not Recommended,214950,25697898,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,blacktodafuture,"I have over 500 hours on thing game playing on a laptop that could barley handle it, and I still managed to have a blast despite all the issues. But i get a new computer with all of its gaming glory and reinstall Rome 2 to truly enjoy its glory. Lo and behold some patch get released that literally breaks the game. Anytime i start it no it just get stuck on the Rome2 load screen. I have tried every fix from here to there, posted on official forums, been ignored and had my post deleted. thousands of people are having this issue when the game just worked the other day? So good job Sega and Creative for breaking a game mid-stride and then ignoring the issue for months, lord know i want a refund but its too damn late for that!"
76561197965398889,Not Recommended,214950,25694381,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lt. Whiskers,Great game. If only it didn't crash every time I reached turn 79 - 20 hours in.
76561198165387411,Recommended,214950,15069704,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,[AIMA] jacknorth,"I LOVE this game. I only wish they would add more historical facts (like in some mods, wrath of sparta) but gameplay has been clean with no glitches which i was afraid of from some of the reviews. I love playing the Greek factions especially Selucia and Egypt and as soon as my new graphics card arrives i will be devoting even more time to it. Also, I hope they continue making GOOD mods. Black sea colonies was a little simple:( I do appreciate the attention to detail in a game like this especially in the cities which are beautifully done and usually pretty different from region to region. I hope to see more quality mods and WHY IS THERE ONLY A HANDFUL OF HISTORICAL BATTLES?!! Make a mod with like 100. As a fan who has been with this title since 2003 this is a worthy succesor to the franchise"
76561198086844057,Recommended,214950,34995158,Posted: 16 September,all,tkra02,"DLC should be included in the game for free, especially after paying  $60 for it.Game is pretty fun though, despite all scenerios being locked"
,Not Recommended,214950,8954514,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Dip Sandwhich,why make this game? Empire was the future.
,Not Recommended,214950,8987709,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,infidelappel,Incessant hangs and frozen turns make this game unplayable.
76561198020764814,Not Recommended,214950,9209480,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Willow94,"For the first time in history, i am recommending that people do not buy a total war game, a truly shoddy game that was bugged on release and is still bugged to this day, broken beyond repair in so many ways it hurts as a total war fan to say that it is without a doubt, the worst total war game ever made"
,Not Recommended,214950,9915724,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Xevious,"This game features dumbed down systems that were perfected in Shogun 2, a much better total war game.  The map is ambitious but ultimately far too large.  The game becomes tedious and boring once your empire stablizes and the internal politics system is virtually non-existant.  Civil wars feel like a chore in the late game, higher difficulty feels artificial, and the agents feel rather homogenous.However, the game is very good looking and the multiplayer battles can be very fun.  I would recommend playing Shogun 2: total war over this game, as it is far more polished, consistently difficult, deeper, and simply more fun."
,Not Recommended,214950,9954956,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Geiler Mann,Glitchy as balls.
76561198006707315,Recommended,214950,11407772,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,RWP,"FOR THOSE OF YOU WITH HIGH END MACHINES - TURN YOUR OVER CLOCKED CPU'S TO THE STANDARD SETTING, I NOW HAVE GREAT PERFORMANCE ON MY I7 980 EXTREME AND GAME RUNS SMOOTHLY, BE SURE TO TURN SHADOWS TO MEDIUM AND TRY TO KEEP UNIT DETAIL ON ULTRA AND ALSO BE SURE TO TURN OFF UNLIMITED VIDEO MEMORY OPTION - SIGE AI IS STILL IN THE WORKS BUT PATCH 14 HAS IMPROVED IT VERY MUCH, YET I STILL GET GATE ISSUES AND MEN TRYING TO FORM UP OUTSIDE OF MY WALLS, AND WHEN MEN TRY TO POSITION THEMSELVES ON THE WALLS AND GET ATTACKED BY A TOWER THE GAME GETS LAGGY - YOU CAN KEEP YOUR RAM FREQUENCY ON ANY SETTING IF YOU HAVE HIGH END RAM - MINE IS 1800MHZ - STAY AWAY FROM OVERCLOCKING THIS GAME IS WEAK OTHERWISE!!! LOVE THE GAME BUT I ONLY PLAY CUSTOM BATTLES REALLY - ALTHOUGH THE CAMPAIGNS DO WORK AND HAVE LOTS OF NEW GREAT FEATURES LIKE SEASONS ETC.OH BE SURE TO OPTIMISE ROME 2 WITH GEFORCE EXPERIENCE THEN TURN YOUR ANTI AILIASING ON - UNIT DETAIL ULTRA - PARTICLE EFFECTS VERY HIGH - AND SHADOWS MEDIUM AS I SAID BEFOREENJOY"
,Recommended,214950,8778315,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Blue,"THIS IS THE ULTIMATE ROME SIMULATOR, YOU CAN SIMULATE THE FEELING OF GETTING ♥♥♥♥♥ES AND MONEY IN THE ROMAN YEARS."
76561198045952003,Not Recommended,214950,8942094,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,SMOKE,"I would not recomend this game to anyone because SEGA didnt think long enough with this game like they did shogun 2. When  i first bought the game i was really excited but when i got to the laucher  i gott really worried , the laucher was glitching out and i reinstalled it and nothing work i downloaded patchs , look at forums but nothing. So £30 went in the bin that day,so im writing this reveiw so it dont happen to anyone else."
76561198009130815,Not Recommended,214950,8952499,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,John Ouellette,"Terrible campaign design, in regards to how close you're zoomed into the map and limited provinces within the area. I'm not per say a fan of micro, but the over use of macro in this game makes it weak. Should've just updated Rome 1 with some new playable factions. I won't start on the battles - it's a joke. The general/army leveling system was okay build off of Shougun 2, but not enough to save this game. 1 out of 5 form a fan of TW games...shameful."
76561197994844657,Not Recommended,214950,8954346,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Grand Admiral Thrawn,This game was a let-down for me.  Paid $45 for it and barely play it compared to my other Total War games.
76561198006603161,Not Recommended,214950,8969378,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ibuprofiend,What could of been a great game.... CA must have been rushed by SEGA on this one. Don't bother :/
76561198074109087,Recommended,214950,8976697,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Frank The Bear,"People complain about how its broken and how CA doesnt patch it but 400 hours later i've become used to the glitches and most of the major ""gamebreakers"" are gone. I enjoy it and its probably my favorite in the series."
76561197970807194,Not Recommended,214950,8990567,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Frikka-Seed,Wish I could sell this one.
76561198017661099,Not Recommended,214950,9219306,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Rentokill,"This is the less accomplished of all total war titles. And i'm being kind when i say it.While i play it, i feel a complete lack of immersion. Good things from other games are lost , and the political system implemented is just fail. The units seem all the same and there's a huge lack of exotic units.Yes, you probably will get hem in future DLCs, that is , if you pay for them....It's a complete disrespect to the fans to have to pay for more units. The game should have them from the start. it's a betrayal...CA tried to milk a cash cow, but they just ruined future total war series fans trust.My advice:Stop your own development. Support the modders and improve the tools you give them, so they can actually do something with this game... Maybe that away you can clean your name and have something of a game.I bought the game as pre-order, it's definitely the last time i do it from CA."
76561198111388625,Recommended,214950,9737892,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Buster Hymen,rome 2 is not that great but if you can run it without lag it can be pretty fun.[edit] i lied the game is freakin AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WITH ALL THE PATCHES ROME HAS BEEN REBUILT AND ITS INHABITANTS ARENT COMPLETE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198012533039,Recommended,214950,9789890,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,SneakySocialist,"While CA has gotten a lot of flak from fans over the years for their increasingly capitalist endeavours, Rome II is a still a great game. By far the most in-depth game in the TW series to date, with more features and paths to glory than you may know what to do with. But the learning curve isn't so harsh and the difficulty goes WAY up on legendary mode so you have room to grow.  It is a bit buggy, the AI isn't superb, and you may have to shell out more money for ""DLC"" for cool stuff (Greek states, blood & gore, expansions, Nomadic Tribes).Buy it when it's on sale and let your inner megalomania go forth."
76561198046838637,Not Recommended,214950,9812477,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,HereticPruder,"This game was uncomplete when I bought it and is still fairly buggy. For 20 bucks you got a game worth the money, for 60 you got an uncomplete game with a bunch of DLC that only adds to its downfall. I love total war games and I love the idea and scale of this addion, but its not worth the full price."
76561198111407949,Not Recommended,214950,9915451,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,caferwi,i palyed it for two hours and know it doesnt work
76561198080807817,Recommended,214950,9950105,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Juiy222,"I was an avid player of Rome 1, and the expansion packs for Rome 1. When i heard that Rome 2 was going to be out i was very excited. I've got to say i was impressed when i started playing Rome 2, the graphics were miles better and the diplomacy was a lot more advanced. However i think that some of the elements i liked about Rome 1 are gone and have been replaced with elements i do not like so much such as the walls of every settlement, and the way garrisons are formed. I like the idea of there needing to be a general for each legion in your army but i find it frustrating that you cannot move individual units across land ot get to other legions, which takes away from the realism from the game as in the Roman Empire cohorts often moved individually away from the main legion. The recruitment system is strong but it takes a while to get used to especially if you try to play as a faction other than Rome to begin with but once you understand it, then it becomes incredibly versatile. Rome 2 is defintely an improvement to Rome 1 but it is still far from being realistic to how the real Roman Empire worked or how the factions around Rome at the time functioned, overall it is a brilliant game which i would recommend to any strategy game enthusiast but like all games it has draw backs. 8/10"
76561198134183445,Not Recommended,214950,10053081,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,logan.jack,What an absolute joke. I spent 3 hours downloading this game with high hopes of beasting it on my day off.Whenever I try to start the game up I'm greeted with a black screen for about 30 seconds and then it comes up error and programme isn't responding - tried every solution and still won't work.Disappointed.
76561198005293781,Not Recommended,214950,10348963,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Spinoza,This game was just a huge dissapointment to me. The gameplay feels repetitive and the overall experience is largely forgettable.  The music is irritating and they make you pay for boring DLC content that should have been included in the original price.
76561198090941486,Not Recommended,214950,10350112,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Maxton,"I came from this game as a sort of noob of the franchise, when i say noob, i played Napoleon Total War, i thought it was good, good UI, a nice setting, alot of units for the major factions, so I was pretty eccited for Rome 2, due to its trailers and its overall sense that CA was going to do something very good and groundbreaking, a sequal to its most beloved game, and that they woudl do a good job,I was wrong, I was very wrong, while I did not play the original, or Medieval(hense me saying that i am a sort of Noob) i could tell that this game sucked, it's UI terrible, its AI beyond bad, its Units unimaginative, its so called new Naval aspects: was so porrly done that I barely used it( a full naval squadron, highly paid PROFESSIONAL NAVAL TROOPS, could be anihalted by a transport fleet of mobs) the cities unimaginative, the Generals near useless, the Political system non-sensecall, the diplomacy confusing and entirely luck based(at least for me),Yet the worst part for me was the units, THE UNITS, this hasn't been truly touched on by some reviewers(at least to my knowledge). The only factions that they put effort into was Rome, the Selucids, Carthage maybe, Parthia, and thats about it. The barbarian factions, the Iceni, Arverni, Suebi, were identical to every other faction they bordered, even their high tier troops, so that when you reach late game, a random tribe that played no historical importance becomes ruler of Germany, Gaul, Britania, etc.  They didn't add Arverni troops that dual wiedled battleaxes(as badass as that would be) or cool eastern Parthian infantry, like dismounted Parthian cav, or master swords men, or ANYTHING THAT WOULD MAKE EVERY FACTION INTERESTING OR BALANCED. But that not a problem, the AI's so dumb that in every one of my non Rome playthoughs, Rome barely expanded past Italy at all.All-in-all, this game is a poor exuse for a game, a sad addition to a good franshice, and a game that just made everyone who bought it regret it"
76561197970520512,Not Recommended,214950,10385155,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,pawelnsa,Worst of the series! Bring back Medieval total war!  Next time will wait for the reviewa before buying.
76561198016981780,Recommended,214950,10416309,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Capt. Nemo,"A few mouths ago I bought this game, but wasn’t able to play it, because of poor graphics bla bla bla... and I was carried away blaming the game along with a thousand more people.So I would like to say sorry for that! Bought a new computer and this game is awesome, as all of the series before.The only bad thing about it is the temptation of getting that closer look on the units and forgetting about the battle it self, taking more casualties than you would like! And some minor AI problems...Buy it if you like this kind of game! It's totally worth you money!"
76561198000940421,Not Recommended,214950,11082293,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,THEPIGOFHAPPINESS,"Do not buy this game!I've loved every Empire game, even ones everyone else seemed to hate. But this one is utterly terrible, don't buy it! They've changed the layout of everything, it might as well have adverts in game with the number of links to social networks etc.The new game screen makes it almost impossible to manage the troops in battle and the new empire map is useless.Plus a good portion of the game needs to be bought, even within the game itself certain maps or historic battles have to be bought separately, separate even from the extra packages they're putting out. An appalling mis-step on their part for making it, and my part for buying it"
,Not Recommended,214950,11209000,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Bongobel,NO
76561198098957468,Recommended,214950,11223343,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Keeper Saitoch,"There's been plenty of gripes with this game, and i'm in complete understanding of all of those gripes, but this is a good game (In my honest opinion). If you have the money to buy the game, and are willing to spend the money, it's certainly a good buy. Rome II is best to buy when on sale, however, because some people don't appreciate the streamlining they have put in place. I'm unsure of how this effects the overall quality of the game compared to other total wars, because i've only ever played this one, but the game is entertaining if you're choosing one of the harder factions to start with. If you plan on playing as rome, or carthage, or whatever other power with more than 2 cities in the beginning of the game, give it up. It loses it's entertainment value rapidly if you're picking a well off faction. Hell, any faction with Easy as a start difficulty WILL BE BORING. But the battles will certainly be interesting. If you're a formation attuned commander (Like me) you're♥♥♥♥♥♥outta luck. The units absolutely REFUSE to remain in formation if you attempt to work with a formation in a battle. They seldom remain in formations to begin with, unless you use the lock function, which ♥♥♥♥s your control over them 80% of the time. The public order is comprable to a sexually distressed teenage girl, and is always on some sort of mood swing, and rebellions are generally inevetable, ESPECIALLY if you enslave enemies often. You'll have to dedicate a good bit of your attention to keeping military contigients in cities to ensure rebels either don't rise up, or don't take the cities. The balance of power meter really only serves to discourage you in some places if you've any real tactical genius in you, and auto-resolving always gets more troops killed the necissary, and it takes away the fulfillment of winning an actual battle with your mind. DON'T USE AUTO RESOLVE, Elephants are intensely overpowered, and most units suck at the start of the game (But this is familiar to any RTS player), and Thracians are all OP. 7.5/10 For some of it's falling short in places that should be important (Like politics, which I STILL don't understand) But as with any RTS, the win is the game. Winning is so pleasing (When not using auto-resolve) And spikes pride in your units. There's PLENTY of good features, like how you can rename armies and give them traditions, but it's largely restricted in terms of customization (Which urks me). This game is a good buy when it's on sale, and isn't being sold at some ungodly price that's going to leave your wallet as barren as Caesar himself, and leaves you with a game that can get really boring, really fast."
,Recommended,214950,11387038,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,SHD JamesClements,"Great stretegy game, worth the money."
,Recommended,214950,11427952,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Karl Fuckin' Franz,"If you asked me to recommend this game the day it came out, I would tell you ABSOLUTELY NOT.However, Rome II has come a long way. Rome wasn't built in a day, and Rome II wasn't patched in a day, either. And boy did it desperately need those patches. On release it was one of the most disappointing experiences in gaming that I can remember. But that was 14 patches ago.As of Patch 14 Beta which many, myself included, consider to have done the most significant improvements to sieges so far, Rome II is in a very playable, fun, decently optimized and in mostly balanced state.I would strongly suggest NOT considering reviews of this game that are old and did not review the game in its current state, like Angry Joe's review of the game. At the time of the review he was right and I certainly agreed with him, but the game has changed very much and for the better since then.Some people say Rome II will never stand up to it's predecessor, Rome Total War. Is it nostalgia that makes them say that? I don't know. All I know is that I've played a hell of a lot of Rome II, I'll continue to play it a whole lot more, and I will enjoy my time doing so."
,Not Recommended,214950,8791712,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ThatShawnGuy,"A ""streamlined"" campaign, broken AI, dumbed down multiplayer, an engine that is not made for melee combat and unplayably bad optimization ruin any chances this game had of even being comparable to the orginal Total War Rome, let alone any of the previous games in the franchise.After 7 patches, the game looks nowhere near being fixed.Save yourself the money, buy the original rome and have a lot more fun.5/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,10326935,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Sibro,"AI still cant siege, town without wall and the AI reinforcements just sit a the edge of the map untill it times out."
76561198014517242,Not Recommended,214950,8953788,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Akain,i want a refund.
76561198029524336,Recommended,214950,33838953,Posted: 27 July,all,McJaffa,"I love this game, it may have been fraught with bugs and issues at release, but i can say that in its current format I’ve experienced no issues and I feel all the bugs and such have long since been (mostely) resolved. Gameplay wise, all i can say is i'm still going back to it after over a 100 hrs of gameplay. Vae Victus!"
76561198046896107,Recommended,214950,11828912,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Rambo <fierro>,this game is balls to the wall...FOR SPARTA!!!
76561198007812784,Recommended,214950,11857276,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Halal Kebab,"I'll accept and believe that Rome 2 Total War had problems on release, but I only bought this game recently so will review it on its current state.With a love for all things ancient history, Rome Total War was my favourite of the series.  Rome 2 takes the winning TW formula and makes it even better.  Sure there are improvements needed (the seige AI fix is welcome!), but each patch brings this game to where it should be, at the top of anyone strategy/tactics fan's wishlist.And with mods making it more realistic than ever, you can't go wrong."
76561198007232777,Recommended,214950,11866642,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Caligula84,"A very great game. Don't let the critics stop you from playing. Yes it had bugs at the start, but they have been fixed. It has great graphics (seeing a flash of lightning reflected off of your troops' armor is just awesome), fun gameplay, and constantly offers new dlc (quite a bit of it free) that changes gameplay. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198007912068,Not Recommended,214950,10072261,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Matt093,Since Patch 12 was released I can no longer play the game.  It will not load anymore.  Any suggestions?
,Recommended,214950,28591904,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Menwulf,It's kind of addicting
,Recommended,214950,7752818,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Άρρlε▐ Mint,"I've been playing TotalWar games since the beginning, and have been throughthe up's and down's of this series. So let me give u a quick review:Good:-A huge and very detailed campaign map to explore and conquer aswell as many nations(which hopefully most of will be playable one after another)-Very beautiful and detailed graphic in battles (if u manage to run on medium/high res.)aswell as a very dynamic and realistic battle system-Nice new diplomacy interface which makes it ALOT easier and less time consuming tonegotiate with other nations-Alot of improvements at the management of armies and navals on the campaign mapand many new options and events with decisions to make which can be crucialBad:-Even though u can play a few factions in the campaign, only the ""main"" factions(Rome and Carthago), seemed to be really thought through and were funto play yet-The AI in general is dumb. Especially in siege battles they seem to be completely lostas soon as u have gates and a wall around u. It has been gettin better with the latest patchbut it's still awful-For people playin a TotalWar title for the first time, this game is overwhelming at firstand quite complexI recommend Rome II cause I'm quite optimistic that patches will follow and if they manage toget the AI right and add some more Multiplayer options like in Sohgun 2, it'll be the awesomegame it seems to be at first glance.Even if CA&Sega won't manage to, there is a really nice modding community who, I believewill publish even alot more improvements and fixes than they already have, which makesthis game worth buying."
,Recommended,214950,7928517,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Peterson,Since i got this game in the last few days it has been amazing. Im glad i waited out all the bugs and problems and it is well worth it. I think its the best total war to date with many of the new innovations.
,Recommended,214950,8133657,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Herpicus,Very fun game! It's got the good ol' RTW game play with the Shogun 2 feel
,Recommended,214950,8719921,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Pyroraptor,"Amazing, best strategy game of the year, only downside is the new method for creating garrisons. Other than that its a great game and highly recommended to any total war fan."
,Not Recommended,214950,9109918,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Pheasant,"This is a terrible game. Its honestly embarrassing that anyone released this product and called it finished. The morale system is broken, and the game is terrible. If you think to yourself ""wow, this is on sale for half price, i should buy it"" dont. Unless they ask you for your feces in exchange for this game, dont buy it."
76561198015547201,Recommended,214950,7747278,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,von AppleJuice,Warning for this game is that you need to spend lots on your gaming rig. Closer to $1000 the better. There have been many problems with the game but in essence the game is fantastic. As a fan of the original Rome Total War it does live up to it's reputation. Mayble wait until all DLC's are out and the game has been patched to a satisfactory level. But it's playable at the moment and I've put in over a 100 hours of enjoyed immersion into antiquity era Rome :)
76561198023868189,Recommended,214950,7898955,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,WORMS,Great Game.
76561198040141013,Recommended,214950,7919818,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,jda127,yes
76561197975902586,Recommended,214950,7923466,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Fuileadan,"Rome takes a bit of getting used too, and I miss the avatar aspect of Shogun 2, but it is still one of my favourite total war games."
76561198030153852,Not Recommended,214950,8911389,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Wyverntheforsworn,"Do not get this game. It is a buggy mess, that runs really bad even on a high end computer. The Ai's seem to have a huge advantage of unlimited units defending their cities when it isn't shown how many units are actually defending their city. THe pathfinding is extremely buggy as well when it comes to your units moving around the battlefield as well. But, if there is one good quality that comes to this game it is that the ability the simultaneously launch a sea invasion while attacking a city from land is a pretty cool feature. I'd give this game a 5/10."
76561197995401268,Not Recommended,214950,9109872,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,slushmeek,"Total Let Down: Rome 2... I can't believe I wasted so much time playing this broken game.  There is no strategy or challenge to this game at all.  The loading times are not optimized at all.  The factions are bland and generic.  There is no storyline or cinematic campaign movies, the diplomacy is completely useless.  Civil war was an interesting concept but really didn't make a lot of sense.  A stripped down version of previous total war titles without any improvements, other than the campaign map which was nicely rendered.  Some of the graphics are ok, but overall quality of the game engine is still broken.  The Naval battles and units are broken or useless.  Don't waste your money, and more importantly don't waste your time.  No amount of modding can fix this trainwreck."
76561198079604600,Recommended,214950,7902678,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,AaronM,Great game love total war games and this one is a fine addition. The workshop makes the game even more great only issue is the lack of smart AI. Given time they have updated the game and the AI was improved. The AI is now as good as it has ever been in a total war game. Given the updates Rome Total War 2 is a great addition to the total war franchise.
76561198058889884,Recommended,214950,7918917,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,SnickleFritz,Total War: Rome II is a masterful game! I know alot of people have issues with it but with the lastest update the game is running great! The graphics are fantastic and the gameplay is even better. It plays similar to other Total War games but it has a few new tweeks and is tunned to perfection. The game is also HUGE! Insane amount of factions and tribes to play as and a awesome single player campaign which is also co-op. If you like strategy games or a fan of huge intense battles don't listen to the reviews and buy this game. Also I would get the Blood and Gore DLC because it adds lots of blood and stuff and its great.
,Recommended,214950,8787077,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Maxican,My boner is uncontrollable
76561197969525299,Not Recommended,214950,8899697,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,dodo,"Still after months not really ""fun"" to play they screwed up a lot of things and yes the AI is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥..."
76561198009587695,Recommended,214950,8984823,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Andy,"I can't post a recommendation for this game as I have yet to play it....the game crashes, and crashes and crashes. I have owned this game since October and have not been able to get the game to launch. There seems to be allot of people having this problem and the Total War support forum is full of people with the exact same problem.My advice, wait until the game has been fixed before you buy. Don't get me wrong, I really like to the Total War series, but i think it's a bit off to release a game that continues to have problems."
76561198035367299,Recommended,214950,4307501,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,-Zigzagdada-,"A great game, abit confusing at first but a brilliant strategy game, despite it's issues as I will explain.I recomend you watch the AngryJoeShow on youtube for more information and visuals:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_QK-lcW8a8&index=24&list=PLBBDDA4B202570E78So adding some more to this; the main problem with this game is it lacks polish, it was rushed, I like the game but it could do with VAST improvments, some have been made but some are just stupid. For example, the Ai was so dumb and faulty, although this was (mostly) fixed. But the static battle lines are just annoying and frankly unrealistic (basically if you were to do a time lapse on the two sides fighting, they would just slowly get smaller and smaller but not actually move from the spot). The fact that when you charge an enemy is so dumb, they hit eachother and... nothing happens, all troops stop in unison and they just kind of mash into eachother and stop dead, no charging through lines no smashing the enemy back just hitting eachother and stopping dead. WHY? Total War: Rome (the first one) had this in, why are we reversing here? The graphics are great, the troops are cool but the battle just seems... bad, worse than it was. When multiple forces collide the form a sort of 'mosh pit' no order, no structure and very VERY unrealistic, armies, inparticular the Roman army held formation no matter what. A giant ball is not among the typically used formation tactics used in ancient Roman times.Don't get me wrong, I love total war games and I love Rome II but why are the games getting worse? I have Empire, Shogun 2 and Medieval 2, the AI dynamics were SO MUCH BETTER in battles, the collisions were acceptable but they are a damn site better than Rome II's. I only hope Atilla is better.Head's up I played Atilla, it's not much better and basically the same as Rome II. Have fun."
,Recommended,214950,7859765,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Pyromaniac,Good game.... needs a good pc to run it though :o
76561198029887016,Recommended,214950,7905023,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Burnage,Best GAME OF ALL TIME WOOT
76561197974960171,Recommended,214950,7920058,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,thekingfox28,"On one hand this game is beautiful. I think a lot of the mechanics are great and, when they work, great changes to the game. That said, the AI is non-existent at times and hyper aggressive at other times. Sea combat is still useless, but then again it's never been a priority for me. Overall, I really like this game, but it's not at the point where I feel challenged or that the new mechanics ar reliable."
,Recommended,214950,7931686,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Gregory House,"Great strategy game. If you like the roman times and enjoy rts's then this game is just for you. When it first came out it was a very bumpy launch, it had many texture errors and glitches with units, but since its realease weekly patches have been realeased and the game is starting to shine. The community is great, there are always new mods coming out and reports to creative assembly on things they should fix. What makes this game diffrent from all the other games is that it has a impressive feel to it in combat and out of combat, It has good graphics compared to other RTS's and it is always being patched. You could defenitly spend a few hundred hours playing this game and if you dont already own it then you should consider buying it today."
,Not Recommended,214950,8891123,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,King Kongo O Bongo,no
76561198018762950,Not Recommended,214950,8896438,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,zKiLLeRDeaF (2),Not good Ai Battle and Dipomacny but good graphic
76561198069571766,Not Recommended,214950,8906329,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Who Goes Thar,"January 1st, 2015 - Game is ok. Not recommended, unless you can get it for $15 like it just was this winter sale.-----------------------------------------------------Jan 29, 2014Highly disappointing even without SEGA's overhyped nonsense marketing. I didn't even like Rome 1, so I didn't even expect much at all. The only way I've even mildly enjoyed the game is through mods that sadly still don't make up for all the half-implemented features.The AI is so bad that battles, the main point of this game, are just chores to me. Politics, which was shown in the feature videos, just exist to stop the almost completely unexplained civil war system; amongst almost all other game mechanics...If you've never played a Total War and are new to strategy games without any 'towers' it's a great game when you get it on sale. In all other situations, stay away.EDIT: Ok, so I played with a few of the new patches. I've got to say, the battles have gotten markably better. Sure, the AI can get improved; it always can, but now it knows how to use most units correctly. Now, how's the campaign on the other hand? Got too bored."
76561198000571652,Not Recommended,214950,8924037,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Muchacho,Unfinished and ugly. GOt pulled in by the hype.
76561198083663327,Recommended,214950,8988327,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,jdogge,Had lots of fun then game stopped working after I instaled kingdom of isreal mod but apart from that good game.some advise for ca or sega ..add an arabian kingdoms dlc    .armenia dlc        might post some more ideas next week dunno and ca fix my game.add a celtiberian tribes dlc       .tylis dlc                                                    peace outadd a african kingdoms dlc       .etruscan league.add an ebdani dlc                     .cyprus dlc. barbarian invasion dlc              .dragma dlc.alexander dlc                            .syracuse dlc
,Recommended,214950,505645,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Frostfel,"Even with all the bugs, this game is magnificent!!!  Just had one crash on a 30hr play and the graphics are ok. Just experienced a few slow downs during large siege battles and nothing that could affect the gameplay. Hopefully they´ll fix the AI  and a few other issues and this game will become better than it is now."
76561198028621199,Recommended,214950,3889222,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Archerson ✅,AWESOME
76561198033476608,Recommended,214950,7946710,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,walter_armet,Очень продуманная стратегия и война! Надо брать!
76561198021842861,Recommended,214950,8132556,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,HAI175,Very fun game and well worth the money  now that a lot of the bugs have been worked out.
76561197978186943,Recommended,214950,8421501,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,|Sith|octavian1127,"Campaign is on a whole new scale compared to previous Total War titles. Never had any game-breaking issues with bugs. People complain about AI, but to me it still seems smarter than Shogun 2. There's enough gameplay tweak mods out there that campaign balance is not an issue, if you don't like vanilla then find one you do like."
,Recommended,214950,7900290,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ducce,"While ROME II was shaky (to say the least) on release, CA has finally pulled through a number of updates and fixed the game.  ROME II is a beautiful gem once you get into it.Battle maps are stunning and strategic at the same time - cities are once again incorporated into the battle. More like Medieval, less like the horrific Star forts of Empire."
76561198043953547,Recommended,214950,23192372,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,patrickmm1,"erm... creative assembly claimed that warhammer would be released for windows, mac, and linux (steam os) its out now but only for windows, wtf creative assembly, wtf, going back on your promeses"
,Recommended,214950,23608427,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cipodoboz,"Yet another fine, if slightly uneven entry to the Total War franchise with amazing graphics, enormous battles and thrilling campaigns to test your strategical skill."
,Recommended,214950,24014703,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,PSGamer,First things first. This game is awesome why do people  talk crud about it. My only complaint is that my laptlop isn't good enough for top notch graphics. I would highly recommend this game.
76561198011261543,Recommended,214950,25160175,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,-.-,Absolutely amazing game. Huge range of factions and units. Giant map. A masterpiece.
76561198119068967,Recommended,214950,27866802,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Henry_r_b,This game recieved a lot a deserved flak on release but now is certanily a worthy addtion to the total war series. CA did a lot to revive this title and those that are still wary are not giving it the credit it's due!
76561198254564223,Recommended,214950,22840711,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,wwwlouiscom,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198067537528,Recommended,214950,23230705,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Darth Phoenix,"Huge improvement over the older versions, the only downside is the number over dlc that came afterwards most of them should be included un the game."
76561198213300665,Recommended,214950,23377271,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,supercruiser101,This is a fun game if you know what you're doing
,Recommended,214950,25612811,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ghost Nappa,"After 1700 hours clocked on this game, I have to say its one of my favorites of the series. It definitely had a rocky start with numerous bugs and AI fixes fhat were needed.. but I always found myself coming back to play more. Props to the modding community as well for always staying on top of things and keeping things updated as well as fixing bugs along the way."
,Recommended,214950,25644446,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,RockitBootz,this game was crap at launch and its still kind of crapbut with the right mods its pretty dang great.
76561197994030168,Recommended,214950,28156208,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,OdProphet,"Hell Yes!!Total War is drugs. I'll be playing this for years to come. You can get an idea by some hours of people with this.There's a few things that could be better, with the campaign AI and diplomacy. Though It's just nitpicking, and for what it is it's great as it's quite streamlined as opposed to other series. (although I love complexity) Other thing that really bugs me is the multiplayer desync, though could be my net connection as well. Though other games can work past it. I hope they patch it againBest one in the series to jump into if you new to Total War."
76561198030461740,Recommended,214950,19227892,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,☆☆Uglúk☆☆,"While not quite up to par with the likes of Medieval II or Shogun II, it is fun, but does lack some of the features that made the other two great.6.8/10"
76561197992320249,Not Recommended,214950,13990653,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Scion Koga,"Rome II has many pros and cons, but the game does not feel like previous Total War games have. The release was an abysmal disaster, but the develops have put a lot of work into making the game functional.As it stands now, the game is playable, but not enjoyable. Features still feel bare bones, and campaign AI is still shotty at best.I recommend Shogun 2 instead of this game. Bugs and AI problems aside, Rome II simply is a regress from earlier games."
,Recommended,214950,9595279,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,KristofAtruin,"The strategic map changes are a big improvement over previous Total War titles. The battles are a little fast, though you can manage that by pausing frequently. Annoying, but not a deal breaker. The launch was a little rough with graphical bugs and performance problems, but those have all been addressed. The bugs that remain are pretty typical AI issues I've come to expect in a Total War game, and patches are being released regularly to address them. Rome 2 was exactly what I expected in a sequel to Rome Total War.When it comes to the negative reviewers, look at their profile and see how much time they've sunk into the game. Often it's well over 100 hours. If the game was truly bad, would they have played that long? Most games people will play start to finish in less time than that and never touch it again. For me, that means that I received good value for my gaming dollar from Rome 2."
76561198068723201,Recommended,214950,10019798,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Zupan22,realy fun game
76561198039860237,Recommended,214950,11592449,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,LibertyLime,"Patch 14 saved this game, and rekindled my relationship with this game once again. Thanks CA <3"
76561198116573177,Not Recommended,214950,14889407,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Shad0w,NEVER WORKS! PAYED MONEY FOR THIS STUPID GAME AND IT NEVER WORKS! TOTAL CRAP!
,Recommended,214950,13548618,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,⚡⚡Caesar15⚡⚡,Total War: Rome II - Fixed Edition
,Recommended,214950,7857554,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RivenX,"♥♥♥♥♥game is♥♥♥♥♥♥Nah.  It's not the best TW game out there.  I'd buy it on a sale, but not full price."
76561198067823590,Recommended,214950,8996658,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Count Dankula,"Simply amazing game when used with GEM Mod, Divide et Impera, and others...especially with patch 9 nowGame was utter♥♥♥♥♥♥on launch, however"
76561198009034625,Recommended,214950,13586056,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Deceptive Nipple,"This is a review coming from someone who has owned every single Total War game released.The Good:- All bugs now fixed (for me)- Campaign factions are all unique with different objectives (so much play potential)- Graphically stunning- Strategy well incorporated into the game (trade requires resources & relationship building, new territory and construction system makes expansion/war more tactical)- Battles are really fun and if you zoom in offer amazingly detailed fightingThe Bad:- AI generally speaking is stupid, doesn't take advantages of your weaknesses (not always), best way to fix is to put the game on a harder settingI really love this game, It improves on previous total war games and the original substancially, CA got a few things wrong on release but they have fixed most of them and I have no doubt that if you love total war games, you will spend endless hours on this one too!"
,Recommended,214950,8614795,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dez,"Review for Sep 2014 Emperor Edition: Most of my complaints have been addressed with this update. It's unfortunate that it took a year to get it down but it's finally a total war worthy to carry the name. As of this update I finally give it a 10/10 compared to the 0/10 from release. All the faults that were carried in the original Angry Joe video are no longer in the game. Politics actually means something and you can manage when a civil war happens. You also can no longer just spam legionaries in the early game and roflstomp everything. I haven't done multiplayer much due to my personal connection but I can't wait to see what's been done in that area as well.Review as of Apr 2014: I gave this game another go about March and it was in a much better state. Mods helped tremendously but still can't cope for design decisions like forcing armies (even as small as only 2 units) to have a general. In previous versions, there would be a nameless captain in charge. But now the value of generals are down as they come by so easily.I do change my recommendation to yay, however, due to the fact that it shines where it gets it right.Review for Release:""Yea, no. I thought this would be the best TW game of all time but it only pales in comparison to it's predecessors. I dare say Helen Keller could've produced a better TW game. But unfortunately I can't bring myself to uninstall because I want to believe they'll just say April Fools come April and actually give me what I preordered."""
,Not Recommended,214950,30284163,Posted: 2 March,all,Zobasta,"The game is not too bad but is extremely frustratring as it is riddled with bugs. It keeps hanging or crashing even now, 3.5 years after launch."
,Recommended,214950,8034123,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,FPSKeune,"672 Hours =]]  Love it. in the beginning it was crappy, dont know why CA choosed to do that but in the end it's the most thrilling tw game of the time! If u have the pc for it atleast.. The new Emperor Edition patch made it really nice and playable on Extreme Graphics!I Seriously look forward to a Medieval 3, really if this was about to happen i would cry of happines !! and i think lots of ppl would. Lets see if CA is that smart."
76561198268793984,Not Recommended,214950,25786902,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Wom_Tey,Keeps freezing @ end of turn!
76561198015321008,Recommended,214950,2973358,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Francis,Because F**k history!
76561198079588706,Recommended,214950,7757942,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Purdy Purdy Princess,"Absolutly astonishing! A fun, addicting, strategy game. 9/10"
,Recommended,214950,7846710,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bearded Clam Casserole,"This game had some major issues at release, bugs, crashes, performance issues, and the AI. Fortunately CA decided to not let their game be remembered as one of the biggest flops ever. They have been consistently releasing patches for the game which include AI improvements and crash and bug fixes along with some unit rebalancing. The game is much more enjoyable now that diplomacy with the AI is a bit more reactive. The heinous issue with siege battles has been fixed as the AI use ladders now instead of charging all of their men into your 10 phalanxes inside the gate with boiling oil.Some stuff is still a bit buggy, units not disembarking from ships, units not climbing siege ladders after connecting to the wall, etc.The only big complaint I have is how lame the political system is. the idea seems cool, keep an eye on rival families and maintain the favor of the senate or tribe or whoever happens to rule your faction and then fulfill your mischieious politicial agendas. the execution essentially turns into you making the rival political family your generals and then wait for one of the 5 million enemy agents to assasnate them or you just spend 10,000 pieces of your currency and assinate them. kinda lame and not inventive. personally I also liked the family tree system in rome 1 as opposed to the current system.Overall the game is really fun from a combat persective and the multiplayer works pretty well. constant rebalances and updates are keeping me invested, most of the factions play differently which is also nice and keeps things fresh. Heartily recomend this game, if you have not played it since release then i suggest trying it again as it is much improved. The steam workshop support for this game may also fill in any holes that seem to be missing from the game.In regards to DLC I would suggest picking up the greek states pack, the factions included are fun, Sparta is OP, Athens is pretty balanced and easier to get rolling than sparta and epirus i havent tried yet. The nomadic culture pack I would only suggest playing after you get really comfortale with the game and REALLY comfortabke with cavalry. I would suggest playing a bit as the parthians and then picking up the nomdaic tribes pack. the blood and gore pack did not add much of anything in my opinion and I think the blood actually looks kinda awful and over the top.I also recomend playing this game on at least the ""hard"" difficulty if you want any actual challenge."
76561198005780190,Not Recommended,214950,8491823,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Aspect,"Terrible game, completely bugged and broken."
76561198035953926,Recommended,214950,7757171,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cochiloco,The best Total War game to date.
,Recommended,214950,7797098,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ARGO,Amazing game. Needs a good machine to run it at full potential but the game is worth it.
76561198045805489,Recommended,214950,7848927,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,THE IT FACTOR,get it
,Recommended,214950,7849165,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Evan Gemini,"Has some glitches that still need to be ironed out, and formations break too easily. Other than that, awesome game that adds lots of new features, and improves upon classic ones!"
76561198049769577,Not Recommended,214950,7899477,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Wolfchant,"The game is good itself but the company makes all it can to make it a nightmare,a dlc costing 12 dollars when the game is not even finished says it all..This games lacks a lot and it needs to be far polished."
,Recommended,214950,7798737,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Bambi,a great installment in the total war series.
,Recommended,214950,8409284,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gory,It's not as broken as it was. It's kind of pretty. And it's still better than Empire
76561198171427055,Recommended,214950,14688342,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,White Wolf of Sarcasm,Shooting cows at friends 10/10 would do again!
,Not Recommended,214950,12752766,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Sirston,Not as good as shogun 2 but still has some aspects of the total war series would only buy this on sale for $30 the one thing that really saved this was the modding coumminty.
,Recommended,214950,18512681,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,TribalHARRY,"Total War Rome 2, one of the many games in the Total War series. Shall we have a look and see if it’s any good?First of all, the gameplay, seeing as that is what you're buying it for. The gameplay is solid. You can have a lot of units doing a lot of different things at once and, so long as your PC fits in with the specs, it will run fine. That is, unless you are online, but we will come back to that later. Units are well balanced in the sense of a sword unit vs a sword unit will fight head on for a long time if left alone, which one wins will depend on the quality of the unit (essentially the cost in the select unit panel) and how many battles that unit has fought in and become experienced. For example, a Gold experience Roman legion will lay waste to most of anything, unless it is up against a unit which specialises in killing them (For example, Pike's are best for killing horse units and spear are best for the front line to form a shield wall).The online however, which is what many people have bought this for, is awful. You will almost always end up playing against someone halfway across the world with a ping as high as the Empire State and it will look like a slow-mo Michael Bay film. This is cool to look at, but becomes soul destroying after the first couple of games putting many people off permanently. As for me, I have both Rome 2 and Attila and they both suffer from this so much me and my friends haven't touched the games in ages (In fact I think we may have in fact uninstalled them).As for the DLC, it is simply daylight robbery. They charge you money for factions that should’ve been in the game in the first place. Attila does this too. One of the most anticipated factions, the Spartans, are DLC so prepare to have to fork out more money for something that should’ve been included anyway. If any of you reading this are familiar with Fallout 3 and its DLC, this is not like that, this is simply stuff that has been ripped from the game and they attempt to sell it to you in pieces. It is a disgusting practice that should not be tolerated by anyone and, if you do get this game, please for the love of future gaming DO NOT BUY THE DLC!Overall, the game is good. The campaign is fun and will keep you busy for hours. The online is broken and buggy but if you’re willing to deal with this then it can be fun when everything works right and clicks into place. Would I say it’s worth £30? ABSOLUTELY NOT! I got this game ages ago on sale for £8. Look elsewhere or wait for the sale. Apart from that, I hope you enjoy it."
76561198010496948,Recommended,214950,9603127,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,LIQUORLAND,Nice and Moist
76561198065269563,Not Recommended,214950,20244121,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Spaghetti,"Take just about everything that made Total War shogun 2 special; The gripping campaign, authentic and exciting battles, addicting gameplay and swiftly through that out the window for a complete step backwards in game quality.Major con'sBattles - Still buggy as hell, they're rather ugly with a terrible art style (saving private ryan wannabe), awful animations and alot of lazy cut corners like siege towers being magically pushed by the force rather than man, or ladders being slightly different siege towers.Campaign - Uglier than Shogun 2, less depth, less investment. The province system is an abomination, because it further reduces depth and encourages blitzkrieg and full region ownership not by borders, chokepoints or geographic reasons but because you will be penalized for owning Sparta when Athens is islamic, leading to endless revolts and issues because of problems out of your control. Only good thing; Public order isn't an instant revolt anymore.Multiplayer - 100% step backwards, almost all the features from Shogun 2 have simply been thrown out.Visuals - Again, this game is not nearly as pretty as the screenshots promise. Not only does the game very rarely capture the epic skill of there PR team's talent for cherry-picking, there are several video's of pre-release footage showing very promising footage, promising even more in the future at the same time, then the general process of ""Optimisation"" occured where the game was severely visualy degraded and dumbed down, based on the ""Super super early code we're way way pre-alpha"" footage of the historical battle of carthage vs the Release version that was bait-switched on launch.Conclusion; Don't buy unless below 20$. I've come along way from a naive total war fan initially buying and playing the game for the first 300 hours, overlooking it's flaws and living in denial that this game isn't a complete failure. But then I listen to Reynold Sanity and real critics of this game, that pointed out the utterly apparent flaws and absurdity of defending the game, and I've come full circle to become an grizzled, tired and grumpy arm chair general looking upon future titles with a cynical eye, as I see more corners being cut and more anti consumer activity occuring."
76561198030946890,Not Recommended,214950,9704589,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,drunkmuppet,So I bought this game on release expecting a finished game living up to its name. No. Not even close. The game has been terrible from bugs to crashes to incompotent A.I. Not only that but CA had the NERVE to offer a promo deal in that anyone who bought the game after it had been released for a good while FREE DLC! Best part about it is the loyal fans who went through the♥♥♥♥♥♥storm that was this game in its early stages and bought the game at release would not qualify or be given any free dlc from the deal the new people were getting. Instead we got a nice gift wrapped f*ck you and have a nice day. Last p.o.s. game I will EVER buy from this company until they start to treat their customers right. Money grabbing ..........
,Not Recommended,214950,9717530,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Talinastus,♥♥♥♥ this game...seriously. So much disappointment.
76561198043132660,Recommended,214950,9717540,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Hugo,its good
76561198042308825,Not Recommended,214950,9718431,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,KAI,"I personally held great anticipations for Rome 2, with the Total War Series being my favourite gaming series. I have purchased and played every single Total War game which has ever been released and has been in love with the concept since Rome original, with the Total War series being the only gaming series which allows for the integration of strategy on a nation wide level and tactical real time battles.The promises of Rome 2 were good, they were excellent, the concepts astounding, the integration between land and sea battles, the division of a seige into a game of cat and mouse, grander campaign map, a ridiculous amount of factions, politics ""how far will you go for Rome."" It was hyped up to be the greatest Total war series ever made, ""most amount of money spent, hours allocated.""The resulting product can only be described as mediocre, taking advantage of the Total War franchise name, and ultimately turning a beloved series into a cash crop coming out with an initial purchase price of $80 USD. Literally 0 amount of successful game mechanics were retained from the previous series.Firstly the AI is shocking, in Rome 1 in medieval, in all previous Total War series, you will go into a battle with a legitimate fear of losing, of having your army dashed to pieces on the battle field. I recall in Rome 1 I had to dedicate numerous armies to the pacification of Egypt because Egyptian chariots would cut through Roman legions like a hot knife through butter, it was invigorating, it was exciting, it meant that a strategic view needed to be taken otherwise the AI will surround you and annhilate you. This is not present withing Rome 2, with the AI presenting a mediocre attempt in land battles, essentially rushing into your forces head on.The restriction of having forces without general is ridiculous. I've just conquered a new settlement, but now my army need to sit there, and guard it, instead of dedicating a regular garrison force. It restricts use of guerilla tactics, and soaking strategies much like the left wing in the schlieffen plan.The lack of political intrigue, and useless UI is frustrating. I find it hard to trully get behind my faction heads, and associated faction members as there simply isn't a political structure, there is no intrigue, there is no politics. What happened to ""how far will you go for Rome?"" The technology tree is hard to assimilate, with the wiki system being to big and convoluted. Why can't I just get a profile of my champions and generals like in shogun. Battle UI is confusing with out the ability to form your own battle formations, making grouping movements essentially into a line. I don't want a line battle, I want complex formations developed by me which uses my troops to the full effect!Finally why can't I access all the factions? The Greek culture pack is ridiculous. Sure if you want to make an extra buck from people who don't have the time to free up all the playable factions, great. But in the original Rome all factions were playable as long as you had the patience to unlock them.What Rome 2 should have had:All factions playable like in Rome 1Integrate land sea support like in shogun 2 fall of the samuraiFamily tree system like all previous total war seriesMassive variety of troops like in Rome 1 and MedievalTech tree system and character system like in Shogun 2A detailed and intriguing political systemGreater emphasis on trade like in Empire (even back then the great civilisation were colonialistic)AI system like in Rome 1Battle UI being a mix between Napoleon and ShogunThe ability for grand strategyWhat it got right:The limited field of vision, brilliant for tactics and planning of ambushesCloser proximity to the enemy in ambushesAmphibious landingsStrategic map (not well integrated and should have been topographic)In many ways the pre release conceptual hype represented the hopes and dreams of Total War fans. However the product delivered has reveal the commercialisation of the gaming industry with greater emphasis on marketing with less and less value going into game mechanics, concepts and the actual product itself. The game has left many fans disillusioned and dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,214950,9711471,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Olligarchy,"2/10A shame and a travesty to the Total War Franchise. Hated every minute of the game, but can't give a 0 since the graphics after a few patches were actually pretty. Go back to playing Shogun 2, or even better Medieval 2. You'll be happier for it."
76561198010140371,Recommended,214950,9603291,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Shamrox,"I love this game! It rocks!I would suggest getting this, having a blast playing the co-op campaign with my friend."
,Recommended,214950,9606736,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Youtube - IX Auxiliary,Buy it or die! your choice.
,Recommended,214950,9608328,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,sanchjes1,Awesome game!
,Recommended,214950,9610846,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Garkaga,"If Civ and command and conquer had a baby, =)"
76561198117731066,Recommended,214950,11321934,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Romes Worst General,"In a few words, Total War: Rome 2 is, overall, a solid game.*Purchasing the game during the Winter sale, I did not experience the major issues which plagued the launch of this game.*Campaign is as a Total War game usually is. Its hugely enjoyable to conquer and ally with adjacent factions. I would therefore recommend it. However, there are some issues. Playing on 'Normal' mode during an entire Sparta playthrough, the campaign ai very rarely besieged any of my cities, if at all. Also, beyond maybe the 50th turn or so, if you have managed your cities to a reasonable standard, you will start to steamroll the other factions. Its far from game ruining to easily destroy factions & armies late game but if perhaps one or two other factions grew like I did, a hugely interesting war might have broken out.Another grievance that I have is that defeated ai armies -which survive huge defeats with only a few men- return the very next turn with full stack mercenary armies. This often leads to the death of your previously victorious, but wounded, army in the city/lands that you just won. Especially during the early stages of a campaign. Again, not game ruining but these incidents put your faction and progress back considerably, as rebuilding takes time and money.The game does look stunning though in my opinion. And the variety of units are generally well balanced. Cavalry beats swords, spears beats cavalry etc.To conclude, Rome 2 is a good buy and a game that will keep you entertained for many hours. I would however reccomend that you purchase the game during a Steam Sale, like I did. This way, you can purchase the base game & all of the (ludicrous) DLC for around £40.I do have some things that I feel should be addressed. Namely:* Most ***PAID*** factions could do with having their rosters expanded. I paid good money to use them. Why should I be limited to how I can use their tools?* Bring in the option to manually enter in a amount of $$ that is offered during negotiations. What if I dont want to offer $2000? Especially when $200 would do the trick.* Siege path finding can be an issue at times. Notably when units are on walls."
,Recommended,214950,11708801,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Duke Suraknar,"Definitelly Recomend this game.I have been a Fan of the Series since the first Shogun TW, and I can say that Rome 2 TW has surpassed all expectations. From the Global Map translating to the Battlefields to the greatly improved Economics System to the astonishing Combined Land and Naval Battles and amphibious Assaults to the Streamlined Empire Management and the Provincial Approach and more. The pace of the gameplay is also improved compared to previous titles of the series. I am very satisfied with this title personally and I am having a blast playing again and again, trying different factions trying various unit combinations, creating various types of armies suited for various types of regions terrain and enemy tactics piting strength versus weaknesses, and fighting in great battles. The Military aspect of the game in both areas of Strategy and Tactics has been enhanced Ten Fold. I would have wished for some additional Diplomatic choices and Options however this is no weakness at all by any means. The Series has focussed on what it does best and this is what makes the experience of playing Rome 2 TW a great one. Oh and lets not forget the Multiplayer Grand Campaign as well! Hoping to more in the future too, more player support for it, maybe 4-8 multiplayer? Maybe? Hehe!In closing, based on Rome 2 TW. I cannot but wait with great anticipation and excitment the next title in the series employing the same improvements and similar systems! Definite Thumbs Up on this one!"
,Recommended,214950,11026516,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,still sippin,"Just got home from Illinois locked the front door oh boy!Got to sit down take a rest on the porchImagination sets in pretty soon I'm singin'Doo doo doo lookin' out my back doorThere's a giant doing cartwheels a statue wearin' high heelsLook at all the happy creatures dancing on the lawnA dinosaur Victrola list'ning to Buck OwensDoo doo doo lookin' out my back doorTambourines and elephants are playing in the bandWon't you take a ride on the flyin' spoon?Doo, doo dooWond'rous apparition provided by magicianDoo doo doo lookin' out my back doorTambourines and elephants are playing in the bandWon't you take a ride on the flyin' spoon?Doo, doo dooBother me tomorrow, today, I'll buy no sorrowDoo doo doo lookin' out my back doorForward troubles Illinois, lock the front door, oh boy!Look at all the happy creatures dancing on the lawnBother me tomorrow, today, I'll buy no sorrowDoo doo doo lookin' out my back door"
,Recommended,214950,13160833,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,VaguaR,"Emperor Edition is as good as the game was supposed to be one year ago. Well, too bad some suffered from severe bags before that, but I deliberately waited until all the patches were rolled out and purchased the game at sale for 15E and that's quite a damn deal!It has all the details we loved in Shogun II on the map of Europe, Middle-East and North Africa being bigger than ever before.  I am not sure if the nations are as diverse as they were in the first Rome TW, which is kind of a holy cow for the TW fans, but trust me: after all the patching the second Rome doesn't let its ancestor down and is extremely rich with cultures and different states, thus the game is both huge and diverse.Battles are no more and no less than any TW battles we have seen before: they are quite predictable clashes with close combat being practically as chaotic as before - too bad, but I personally have grown to love it anyway. At least the AI is quite smart thanks to all patches released.Graphics are very good and I love the way they optimised it by now.Overall if you won't like this game you are either an extremely conservative and demanding old-school RTW fan or the real-time strategy is probably not for you at all.8.9/10"
,Recommended,214950,12090313,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,[EG]BUS STOP 14,it is a good game to play....But i have learned is that you need a good computer my computer before has crashed multiple times and it sucked alot but since i got a new one the game experince is better than before with blood and gore i have had a blast
,Recommended,214950,13247805,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Gazorpazorp Fucking Field,"If your a seasoned total war player this game fairs poorly compared to the rest of the TW series,however I still seem to enjoy it greatly despite the bugs and poor AI but that could be because of the time period (WHICH I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE).would recommend on a sale. 6.5/10 in comparison to the other TW games."
76561198013225197,Not Recommended,214950,10593658,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,richaldeano,"I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone! I couldn't even get past the prologue without it shutting down or crashing. This game has been out for almost a year and it still has problems. Do not buy this game. I repeat: do not buy this game. The developers of this game fell way short. I don't know what imaginary system is actually compatible with this game, but it's not mine. And I'm not alone. As you could probably guess by now, having looked at the pages upon pages in the forums regarding this game crashing at various times during gameplay, it would be wise not to purchase this disaster of a game."
,Recommended,214950,9579670,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Peaches,"I like this game. The Co-op campaign is where it really shines. It's a fun game if you got a few hour and a couple thousand enemy soldiers to kill. The graphics are stellar on ultra, haven't played on lower than that. The animations could use a little work to make it appear like soldiers are actually fighting, but that's a small complaint. Overall, I have fun with the game. The in-game encyclopedia is a nice way to learn a little history about civilizations, too."
,Not Recommended,214950,29178683,Posted: 11 January,all,Nagi,Rome 1 is much better with mods.
76561198085047442,Recommended,214950,17488242,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Procopius,"After an extremely controverisal release, I can honestly say that the final patched version of Rome II is a very good game. The huge faction diversity allows for complex gameplay, with improved combat AI. Siege AI is still problematic but mounted wall artillery makes siege battle a much different experience that previous TW's.The complex economy system introduced in Shogun 2 continues but with the introduction of provinces indiviudal cities can get complementary bonuses based on specialization. This is a interesting addition. Fleets can now be set to patrol mode, so the constant raiding and pillaging of coastal towns can finally be stopped (whereas before the turn-based game garunteed that fleets could sneak around and wreck havoc).Game combat is complex compared to some other TW titles due to the unit variety. Excellent past games (Shogun 2, Napoleon) lacked this amount of unit variety and mastering one faction meant mastering all of the others (more or less). This isn't true for Rome II: factions vary in the usefulness of cavalry, infantry, and ranged units, meaning that factions can require many different playing styles.The agent system introduced in Shogun 2 continues under a different format. Differentiating between the different skills sets can sometimes be annoying, and upgrading agents and generals sometimes seems like a chore. Agents are essential to gameplay and neglecting their use won't go over very well.Graphics look great but sometimes when advisors or units open their mouths to speak things look a little weird. Doesn't really bother me all that much but some people are still up in arms about it.People still have valid complains about this game, but I think if the game was realeased as it is now it would've gone over swimmingly. Depending on the faction and campaign difficulty, the game can remain challenging even to regular players of the game franchaise. I would reccomend this game."
76561198097981592,Recommended,214950,33200834,Posted: 3 July,all,weskoolrock322,This game is pretty cool... so yeah get it if you can afford it?
76561198129965024,Recommended,214950,33144409,Posted: 2 July,all,Ark,"Awesome mix of RTS and turn based strategy. Large scale battles and an open world campaign covering economics, politics, public order and food storage."
,Not Recommended,214950,26125056,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mortal Recoil,"Probably the most disappointing game I've ever played. I had such high hopes after playing the original Rome for hundreds of hours and really just wanted a new version with upgraded graphics. What I got was not ""Total War,"" but a ""Total Mess.""This game was unplayable at launch, with graphics issues and constant crashes. After fighting through the glitches and attempting to complete a campaign, the devs patched the game and corrupted the original saves. I waited 3 years before finally coming back to try to play it again, and guess what? The game still continues to crash every 2-3 turns today.Even when I actually managed to play a few turns and progress, the gameplay is somewhat disappointing. Shogun 2 (the previous Total War game) was superior in almost every way. Combat is lackluster, the UI is ugly and clunky, the AI often makes terrible decisions, navies are weak and pointless, etc...In addition, when you reach about 50% completion in the grand campaign, the game decides you need an extra challenge. Even if you've managed to keep a good balance in politics, 3-5 full strength armies spawn directly on your capital with no warning.All in all, this game is probably the worst entry in the entire Total War series, and I have yet to buy another one since. Save your money and avoid this game."
76561198239966190,Not Recommended,214950,26105831,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,danielmichels777,"BAD. If you liked Rome 1 and was expecting for gameplay and A.I. improvements forget it, they have oriented the game to a commercial dumb title, the graphics are better and that's it. I assume some iluminated mind in the workshop had made the company's job and fixed it, but since giving money to them is an incentive, DON'T RECOMMEND IT."
76561198025311930,Not Recommended,214950,14463969,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,JOHN CENA AMERICAN HERO,"The original Rome was among my favorite games of all time. As a result, I rushed to buy this game at release. The broken start is well known to everyone, but no amount of patches can fix some fundamental problems. At the surface, the game looks expansive and pretty. When you play it for a few hours, you realize how limited the game really is. The depth of previous TW games is long gone, and you will find yourself performing the same combo of buildings and soldiers in every single city. The process has been dumb-downed and streamlined into a hollow shell of its former self. The same can be said of the tech system. I loved its addition in Empire Total War, but the tech system has become simplier and simplier with each new game until you find yourself following the same linear path in RTWII.Also, what the hell CE with your playable factions? You have how many Greek factions now? You have Greeks, Greeks on horses, Greeks on Elephants, Greeks in Ukraine, and Greeks in Africa, yet there is not a single ethnically African or Arabian faction. This is one of the worst cases of CE's Euro-centric racism. According to CE, Africa and Arabia do not matter historically. If you want to play something other than a variation of Greeks or Barbarians, this isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,214950,10560362,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,"This game is insanley awesome with the blood and gore dlc, with some of the mech_donald's mods. I mean, this game looks like alot of work and effort was put into it."
76561198072516227,Recommended,214950,9661710,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RedDwarfArnold62,Not to bad of a game. I rekomend this to all that love strategy games!
,Recommended,214950,22628671,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
,Not Recommended,214950,20334760,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,yellowmellow45,"A terrible waste of money.The game will not launch in its current state, and according to the forums, this is an incredibly common problem that has been around for at least 6 months. I wish I had done a bit more research before purchasing the game."
,Recommended,214950,21271751,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Nudey,is good
76561198067830413,Recommended,214950,9504692,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Exarkun,Was♥♥♥♥♥♥at first but after patches is a decent and fun game
,Recommended,214950,9505262,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Flaming Orifice,Amazing game. Makes you feel like a real Roman Emperor trying to conquer the world.
,Recommended,214950,9506485,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Silver Supreme,"As a newcomer to the series, I found this to be a great entrypoint. I bought the Shogun 2 collection on sale after buying this half off, and both have been pretty fun but Rome 2 has noticable improvements (and some noticable steps back).The talent tree for generals and agents has been streamlined (for the better) and armies now have a legacy system where you can level up your legions and select talents much like you can generals to specialize them for an array of purposes.The family tree from Shogun 2 is gone in favor of, from what I can tell, is a useless political system designed to mirror a senate which basically just controls whether a party will try to start a civil war if a rival statesman or general gains too much political sway.Get this game, but get it while it's on sale or wait for it and all the DLC to be bundled at a discount price because it certainly isn't worth full price.The modding community is a saving grace that gives Rome 2 hundreds of hours of replayability as well and makes up for many of the features developers cut or simply opted not to go with, as well as helps to add (or ease) difficulty and overhaul many redundancies."
,Recommended,214950,9535319,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,mjriley11,Wow
76561198033230232,Recommended,214950,34764135,Posted: 5 September,all,SirMuffinCat,Is gud
76561198048407642,Not Recommended,214950,25396006,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,De Salami SSG,"Total War Rome 2Hmm this game has it's highs and its lowsVanilla Version - Emperor Edition is definitely an upgrade over the intial release of the game and we can thank creative assembly for that. However, This game without mods is a piece of dog poo that has been left out in the sun for too damn long. The units are so bland and lazy that you're basically fighting similar armies between nations that it makes you wonder if they just recolored units and copied and paste them to other factions.The campaign is an absolute joke even with this edition, you could have 5 professional legions moving on a enemy capital and the AI would be like ""BRUH ♥♥♥♥ MY PEOPLE THERE IS A DEFENSELESS CITY THAT I'M GOING TO TAKE"" This would repeat 100 times during the campaign phase and this drives me absolutely insane. Absolutely crazy because the epic big army battles never happen. You're excited because you crafted an all powerful organized legion like the famed legions that fought with caesar in gaul but the enemy AI would run past your army and take your city that YOU JUST LEFT! LIKE WHAT THE *CENSORED*Naval Battles are Absolutely POINTLESSThe diplomatic element of the game is so generic and useless most nations won't care that you're there and WILL FIGHT YOU ANYWAY no matter what diplomatic standing you have.Enemy AI have the brains of a peanut and will suicide attack your cities (defended or not) Till you succumb to insanity and punch your computer screen.With mods- With mods which is the lifeblood of this asshack of a game makes it playable and thats it JUST PLAYABLE. THE AI IS ONE OF THE WORST I'VE EVER SEEN.The solution? Fire everyone involved in this game.I give this game a 5.8/10 even with mods."
76561198008283109,Recommended,214950,9447936,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Loraith,Love this game
76561198039453563,Recommended,214950,9505430,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mrawawaw,It´s a very good game but the AI ain´t that good but the game is still funny and worth the price.
76561198014975350,Recommended,214950,9507005,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Svix,An awesome addition to the Total War series!
76561198042994353,Recommended,214950,9506294,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Shabangua,"Biggest Total War game to date.  Many of the bugs and performance issues that plagued this game on release day have been patched.  The game shakes up a lot of the mechanics from older games, which I personally think are improvements.  Certainly not as deep as Shogun 2, but what it lacks in fine detail it more than makes up for in size, scope, and playability.  I'd say a must - buy for any RTS fan."
76561198034663327,Recommended,214950,9507229,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Marcus Aurelius,If your looking for the most realistic battle scenarios and an extremely well put together map and campaign this is your strategy game.
,Recommended,214950,19714776,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,HipaHipa,I will play again as Marc anthony and start to change history with my lovely queen Cleopatra to build our dream the glorious eastern empire and no one can stop me now. recommended to play this game if you have spare time to be waste..:DDD
76561198051794804,Recommended,214950,13122689,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Zwerty,It works great In it's current statei really love it
,Recommended,214950,13119520,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,plk Lesiak,"This game was unplayable at start, but after the Imperial Edition it's a very solid stategy game, giving you a huge numbers of factions and units to choose from and with basically no real bugs or performance issues. The game might get slightly boring after some time and don't have a strong climate of previous Total War titles, but...Use ""Divide et imperum"" mod and you'll find an experience that will bring back the memories and immersion of the first Rome: Total War. If you don't want a complete overhaul, use 4 turns per year mod to be able to properly use your generals and agents before they die from old age. Such small changes make a HUGE difference for enjoyment one can get from the gameplay. Fans made tons of interesting content and mods and that's where the true strenght of this game lays. Get it on sale and be sure to use steam workshop, and you might have a time of you life."
,Recommended,214950,10001024,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sawmana™,"Don't let the hate this game appears to have in other reviews deter you from wanting to play it.  The game had a shaky release as they pushed the release to soon and left in a large number of bugs.  That has been fixed, and the preformance of this game is actually quite amazing considering how it looks.  It has Workshop support allowing you to mod the game to your play style as well.  There does how ever feel like there's a lack of variety in terms of the units you can use, at least when compaired to Rome Total War, but that's fixed easily if you don't mind modding the game to add different units to it.  For those of you that already have this game but never played it because of it's bug filled release, it works now.  Give it another shot.  <3"
76561198074461693,Recommended,214950,29269111,Posted: 15 January,all,danni_r7,"amazing game... even if Attila is better in many ways, I bought this one as well for the ancient architecture and more variety in unit rosters"
,Recommended,214950,13518288,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,kekboys ϟ,"Despite the disastrous launch, the game is now fixed and very damn fun. Even more fun with mods such as Radious' Total War. 10/10 Euphorius Maximus"
76561198090546503,Not Recommended,214950,21919502,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,There's daggers in men's smiles.,This game doesn't feel like a Total War game. It's a stripped down version with nice graphics. Spend your cash on Shogun 2 or better on Rome I and Medieval 2.
76561198006623538,Recommended,214950,12131119,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,kingrex,love it
76561198004561225,Recommended,214950,7925250,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,burti_boy,"Only just recommendable. Great gameplay and brilliant graphics. Continues on from previous Total War games with all that is great about them.... but the glitches!! At times it has been unplayable, and the multilplayer isn't even worth trying!!"
76561198047340468,Recommended,214950,9184998,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,VinceVega,"A watered down version of the beloved original, but still very good.  I wish they had left the character system alone, I prefered the Rome 1 management of  governers and the factions. The music in Rome 1 was far better."
76561198007340009,Not Recommended,214950,9186368,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,bombakarukus,Worst total war ever. broken sieges and naval warfare broken fan
76561198054493634,Not Recommended,214950,9188427,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Comrade Stalin,crashes it doesnt work piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198100500702,Recommended,214950,9201150,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,TheSpaceOrange,"The very best Total War game ever made.  15/10, would buy over and over again."
76561198122605261,Not Recommended,214950,9240772,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Masterlock202,Not  very fun
,Not Recommended,214950,9242169,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,pojoman61,"I have logged over 2k hours on MTW2. Over 1k hours on Rome TW. I have owned Rome TW 2 since the day it was released and have recorded less than 20 hours in total.Pros:Fantastic GraphicsAwesome Time PeriodTotal War GameCons:Reduced Micromanagement of Cities.Simplified Families and generals.Units have abilites that have CDs that you must use to be at full combat level. (Less war tactical, more arcade)Unit Cohesiveness is lacking which creates a ""blob"" when units attack each other."
76561198069745836,Recommended,214950,8713696,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,FrenchyFouQoui,"A very good strategy game, I love that one can explore and recreate the history and lore of this time period. These sort of historically time-framed games that the Total War franchise has created has been nothing short of a pleasure.For those who are new to strategy games; this is definitely the one you will want; to ease you into that ""Emperor's"" mindframe. The prologue campaign illustrates how to work the game to its best effect. However, the way to make whatever faction a person may choose to be the most effective is all dependent on the decision one makes. This is honestly what makes this game fun for me. The ability to choose and follow whatever path that will lead to victory.The only negative mark that I have for this game is that there are still problems with the effectiveness or ""polish"" of the AI. AI will still make some dumb decisions in a battle, and ultimately leads to making the game a bit easier on the player."
76561198007310888,Not Recommended,214950,8767973,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,reggie_emmett,"So terribly upset. The game isn't playable and greatly surpassed by the King Arthur Role playing series... something a Total War game shouldn't even be compared to. Please read the actual player reviews. It really is that bad... too buggy to play with out ripping all your hair out... and there is no tactics or strategy compared to other Total War games... and strange things like little flags that appear, that have no relevence to the game or situation, that you have to defend or attack. No reason... I simply do not understand what group of people developed this ... game."
76561198057223458,Not Recommended,214950,8952833,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,KingPanda,Just don't buy it.... I really just want my money back...
,Not Recommended,214950,9093897,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KING KONG the BIG DONG,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - completely leaves the awesome concept of Rome 1 where the only 2 things you did was build♥♥♥♥♥♥in cities and fighting wars
,Not Recommended,214950,9121459,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Darth-Revan,This game is a buggy mess. the game wont even launch and it was released in september. you would figure they would fix these issues. DO NOT BUY.
76561197998148489,Recommended,214950,9159344,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Elajt2k,Love the total war series and Rome 2 nails it! :)
76561198038131630,Not Recommended,214950,9175035,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,chris,This game is constantly freezing and will randomly glitch out. Its not worth the 20 gb of disk space it takes up on my computer. #wishtherewererefunds
76561198002266404,Not Recommended,214950,9186647,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,djvandyke,"Avoid, avoid, avoid! This is not a Total War game, its a casual generic RTS with no strategic depth.Battlefield tactics have been replaced by magic buttons and Super Mario style power ups and flashing lights so fast the battle is over before you blink.Campaign mode looks pretty but has been dumbed down to the level of a game you would find on Facebook.The worse user interface in the history of the series makes managing your characters and empire extremely awkward as there are no tech or character trees. It is uninformative,  unfit for purpose and  resembles something on an iPad.There are no seasons and characters die after just few turns because a year passes every turn.Its just an awful game from top to bottom from awful design team.As a massive Total War fan for over a decade I am gutted.To top things off Creative Assembly have been caught out selling cut content as DLC.Do not buy this game and do not trust this company."
76561198030798056,Not Recommended,214950,9200187,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Duncan,"Terrible game. Biggest gaming regret in the last 10 years. I've played every prior Total War game, and not one was even close to being as dissapointing as Rome 2. Not even Empire. Save your moneys, this game is fundamentaly broken."
76561198007458755,Not Recommended,214950,9233718,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Infinity,Ten steps back from the originial Rome Total War.
,Recommended,214950,9343451,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,xshaze,"This game is awesome.  There is so much to do in the game; which will take a couple of hours to find and use all its bells and whistles.  I have been playing the Total War franchise for over a decade now and this latest installment is EPIC.   The team that developed this master piece deserves a standing ovation.  If you are not familiar with the Total War series , give this the game a try, because it will blow you away!!!"
76561198006630190,Not Recommended,214950,9781534,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,General Waffles,"I was so excited for this game and had such high hopes for it. I have loved all the previous total war games. However this game sucks, it's  pretty bad. One thing is the non-existent multiplayer. What happened to the great veteran system from shogun 2. This is a game set in Rome, you could've had a interesting colasseum multiplayer battle ranking thing with veterans and been able to change the uniforms and look of your vetran troops. Also this game crashes frequently, I've yet to finish a campaign without it crashing. ALso the AI is awful, ships go through land, armies flee the city they are supposed to be defending, naval land battles just turn into land battles since the first thing the AI does is land all the ships, and the capture flags are a battle map  are just stupid. ""well they've taken that hill captain, i guess we should just surrender"". There is so much wrong with this game and it had the possiblity to be great but CA failed."
76561198007880676,Not Recommended,214950,9806216,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,bradford174,"I love the Total War games. I love their scope, their grandeur, their vision. Even when they fail, they tend to fail heroically.Rome II bucks this trend. It fails in almost every way imaginable, even after countless patches.Many of the ideas seem to be good ones: tech tree, provinces to ease management, limited number of armies, three agents with specific rock-paper-scissors mechanics. The problem is they all make the game weaker. The tech tree means you can't use battering rams for your first couple of turns; the provinces make it hard to control, say, mainland Greece, because you don't own Crete; the armies mean you can't look after your backwaters by shifting garrisons around; and I've never really found a use for the agents except training my armies or administrating my provinces.They don't work.Then it comes to the combat. This game is beautiful: no two ways about it. Whereas Shogun 2's expansion packs gave you endless rows of identical marines with the same moustache, here you have a myriad of shields and bodies. And the AI has improved dramatically from the first release, where it was near suicidal in its stupidity and a handful of peltasts could destroy the pride of Carthage without breaking a sweat. But it's still not right.The graphics are lovely, but the different colour palettes for different parts of Europe seem overwrought: Tuscany doesn't have a natural radioactive glow, and Britain isn't Mordor. The AI will still run helplessly around a battlefield if you play with skirmishers. And the less said about ship combat, where an armada of transports can wipe out a professional navy by simply crashing into it, the better.There's a lot more I could say. The fact that building pastures creates public squallor and stirs rebellions; the way that Rome has about five times more options than most factions when it comes to troops; the odd way client states don't always work properly; the annoying politics that is ultimately utterly pointless because you always fight a civil war; the habit of armies deciding to march around half the known world rather than take a boat trip across a narrow channel; the way tiny, one-city factions have an army that would embarrass Xerxes.It's a noble attempt to improve on previous titles. But this ranks alongside Empire as a series low point."
,Not Recommended,214950,10355928,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Uhuru,its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198054151425,Recommended,214950,11380055,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Darthpanzer,I assimilated the world and killed all that opposed meYes/10
,Not Recommended,214950,11429445,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Elfgore,"As a huge fan since the first Rome:Total War. I simply cannot recommend this game at its current price. Sixty bucks for this game is just insanity. The only reason I have so much playtime is becuase of the amazing modders who managed to make this game playable.The RTS gameplay remains the same as always. AI is stupid and in siege battles completely clueless. The campaign is slightly better, but all they seem to do is stockpile armies near their cities. They rarely attack, but the massive armies around their cities make taking them a real challenge. Or tedious should be a better word. Since this leads to about seven thousand unit battles, bringing my higher end rig to a crawl. Auto-battle is useless, except in navel battles. Where it just destroys the enemy. Rome is OP as always, owning everyone around them. Even with low level units.The DLC is not very impressive either. Adding factions that modders have already made avaible and adding about one or two units.If this game drops to about thirty or forty bucks, buy it. It's worth that much, but not sixty."
,Not Recommended,214950,11431098,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,qc,"ten months since launch and the multiplayer campaign doesn't work, lol"
76561197984094796,Not Recommended,214950,9117068,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Tot,"I've been an fan of the Total War series ever since the old days of the original Shogun. This is probably the worst release they've had yet, other than Empire (which was somewhat fixed....by mods that is). I would really recommend not purcahsing this unless it is under $10 USD, or until it is fully patched and the modifications have made it a decent game, which will most likely be in another year or so. All in all don't waste your time or money until CA/SEGA releases another decent Total War game and actually listens to their many long time fans. Don't be fooled by all the eye candy either, this game is horribly bugged, poor AI both campaign and battle wise and they took many new directions that just let the series down all together.EDIT: Update9-2017Worth it if you plan on playing Divide et Impera a wonderful mod made for RII."
76561198032409598,Not Recommended,214950,9127467,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Tighmor,Just Buy the Original game
76561197989579499,Not Recommended,214950,11229380,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,de-alchemist,it really could of been the best ever.... i truly am very sad to say it's... to me at least ... bland and not engaging... it lacks many thing that i feel its 2d map ... lower graphical predecessors had...the DlC's are a rip off ... it was relased way to early ... loads of bugs .... still many of which have not been fixed... CA the makers of this title have refused to implement the most demanded feature (famliy trees) i could go on and on ... there are lots of people who have wrote better reviews than me but i thought i should as i was a huge fan of the serirs and can say that i have loved everyone exsept this one...however the game does look stunning so guess thats all that matters nowadays.... :(
76561198006753437,Not Recommended,214950,17960814,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,SirOas,Game have no soul!
,Recommended,214950,15137181,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,killbot5555678,Total War™: ROME II is one of the coolest games out there for the games set time (medieval) its a 2013 build which is alittle outdated for 2015 tech but if you got a good running computer it still looks good the combat is interesting the units collide into each other causing the units to battle out in bloody mayhem (if you have the blood and gore dlc which ist included sadly so no blood and gore without it suggest buying it with game) but there is so much more then just some units killing each other theres navi battles land battles and even castle defense or attack battles depending what you want to do the story to the game is kinda like Sid Meier's Civilization V its on the same kind of track just without the modern tech (DONT TAKE MY 100% WORD ON THAT) which for me isnt all that great but over all i would  recommend this game 66$ is overpriced to me (Could just be me) so i would wait for a sale like 20% off and up
76561198048580666,Not Recommended,214950,11842054,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Jev Athens,"This game isn't bad, it's... disapointing. Probably one of the worst of the Total War series (arguably THE worst). Creative Assembly added many cool new features, some of which I hope stays permanently in the Total War series, but they hardly counterbalance the loss of many (too many) good old features. Assassination and sabotage cutscenes, which often brought laughs (or discontent for your agent) - gone. Families trees? - Gone, replaced by a poor, boring, easy to ignore political system. Although the game is much, much better than it was at it's release, I still think it simply does not stand up to the other Total Wars we are used to. My advice? Wait for the next one. Wait for the critics (player critics, not official, mind you). And don't pre-purchase. Ever.5/10"
76561197983996479,Recommended,214950,15039106,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Nebulosa,"Tl;DR: Immersion due to the beautiful graphics and getting the hang of province/army management will keep you well entertained for 100-200 hours, longer if you care for the single battles more than the overall challenge of the campaign.Full review:I have played the TW series since Medieval Total War (1). The game is an expected continuation of the series, in both good and bad ways as well as the general direction of what the game is about.Good ways: Every sequel since MTW (1) added new features of the game, better graphics, more units, more awe at how beautiful it is.Bad ways: Only every other sequel makes for a truly challenging game (but never as much as the first ones), because the AI development just can't keep up with the increased depth. And the long waiting times after ending turns and loading battles can make games tedious.General direction: For winning a campaign, the importance of battles and managing them yourself declines, while the importance of province management increases.In MTW (1), there was very rudimentary play on the abstract, gameboard-like campaign map.In Rome 1, that map became meaningful, with moving armies instead of game-pieces. You could use the terrain, build forts, lay sieges. Unfortunately, the AI did not do any of those, so you had a huge advantage even before a battle began.In MTW 2, harder units and bigger armies made the game challenging again, at least until the middle-phase. You could get big, meaningful battles - sometimes.Empire: Total War was the worst part of the series. Naval warfare was introduced and it could have been beautiful if it wasn't for the impotent campaign AI that didn't even manage to assemble fleets. The campaign was just an exercise in building construction and you rarely even had an own town attacked. The expansion N:TW is not worth mentioning.Shogun 2 was a good game again, finally challenging, and beautifully done.Rome 2 seems to be mostly about managing provinces and moving around armies. I have played the campaigns Rome, Athens (Wrath of Sparta) and now Markomannia (Augustus). Playing battles actually seems to have become optional and you only do it because it's Total War and you want to see your units in action sometimes. But most of the time, the prediction for the outcome is very precise, and it's rarely so that you won't clearly win or lose, so there is little motivation in it.As usual in Total War, about 90% of the time of the campaign is when you already know you will win. Playing through is to complete it, and to maybe see some battles with high-end units.Here's the twist, though: That sounds rather bad, but surprisingly, it isn't. Even after 10 years of playing the game, I still can play whole campaigns purely for the joy of occasionally playing a battle just to see the army I have lead for many turns triumph or lose, even if it means nothing for the campaign. They just get the immersion element of the game right, and I guess that's the beauty of TW.  :)"
76561198007210100,Not Recommended,214950,11585966,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MadMartigan,Shameful display
76561198070075906,Recommended,214950,11596701,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Scalpotron5000,"An ok TW game, unplayable without mods tho ( I recommend radious or DeI).Some nice factions are only available via DLC, which sucks.Buy if on 50%-75% sale."
76561198105792602,Recommended,214950,22616059,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Soviet Bear,"This is an amazing game, definetely better than attila, and the grand campain is just amazing, the MODs are also very good. I reccomend this to all Total War fans!"
76561198004786784,Recommended,214950,22638054,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,420yoloswag4jesus,It's come a long way since launch but it's definately still a go to when I want to play an extremely fun strategy game.
,Recommended,214950,34516851,Posted: 26 August,all,Hank,"This game started off really rocky, but the developers eventually caught on to what was going on and turned it around, creating another awesome edition to the Total War franchise. There are quite a few newer Total War games that one might consider better, so if you're unsure buy this game when it's onsale.It's not as awesome as the original Rome but it's well worth it and goes to show that Creative Assembly ultimately does care about their fans and what they say which is an incredibly rare trade in a developer these days, especially one owned by SEGA."
76561198068143057,Not Recommended,214950,7351201,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,[FoL] Star Sapphire,"This game is definitely not what they marketed it to be. Take a look at the pre-release footage and compare it to actual gameplay post-release.You can get some fun out of it, but it certainly doesn't live up to previous Total War titles or the hype that Creative Assembly generated.In my case, it's safe to say that I will not be getting any future Total War games after CA not only falsely marketed a subpar game, but charged for DLC that was already in the game. Granted, you got it free with a pre-order, they still intended to charge for it. This is a shady business practice.Total War: Rome II was my first(and now my last) purchase from Creative Assembly.This is a shameful display."
,Recommended,214950,7861085,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pvt. Niel,best RTS hands down
,Not Recommended,214950,9140165,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Rimsky,"Having been a huge fan of the Total War games since Rome I can say this game is a big disappointment, there are several good new features and the scope of the game is excellent however they dont outweigh the awful design decisions made in other areas.The game was blighted by poor optimisation when it was first released (being nearly unplayable on my powerful rig) however as of today this appears to be resolved as I now run the game on max settings easily. Graphically however the game is poor, I would argue that in many ways Medieval II has better graphics (with clean cut edges and such variety in uniform). I think the engine itself is largely to blame for this. Everything looks very pixellated, detail fades the second you aren't at full zoom, combat looks and feels disjointed; units slide around the field during engangement ruining immersion, combat seems largely 1 on 1 still, there is no weight behind the charges and you don't get that ""meat grinder"" feeling that was heavy infantry of the previous games. The battle user interface is much more gimicky, with emphasis taken away from tactics, formation options and clear pertinent information and placed instead on special abilities (most of which you will never use). Battle AI is poor though improved from original release and arguably no worse than some of the other titles.The unit variety both between and within factions is very nice and the new army/legion mechanics have some good points such as leading to larger more defined battles instead of finding yourself endlessly swamped with single units skirmishing into your territory - however this can also feel restrictive.  The amount of nations causes some problems when at middle to late game there is no challange steamrolling small city states. The campaign AI also feels tame compared to Shogun and some of the other titles - maintaining strong garrisons in key areas pretty much enures no enemy will every attack you - this leads to the game to become rather monotonous, with you initiating all wars.I feel like the design team shed many of the great tried and tested features that have been with us from the early total wars in order to put their stamp on the game, making battles cinematic instead of strategic. Sadly, even though they will likely continue to patch the game I feel there are huge fundamental issues with the engine that will never be resolved. you will enjoy this game for a short time, but it doesn't have the replayablity of any of the other total wars. I only hope they take a step back and look at the mistakes they have made and bring us something better on the next title."
76561198036900044,Not Recommended,214950,9097390,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,-3xA'Lysander,"So, I put hundreds of hours into Rome 1... That game was absolutely amazing. However, Rome 2 just has a huge number of problems. Mainly, the engine cannot handle melee combat. I remember those amazing times in Rome 1 where I was able to beat an army twice my size, just through tactical positioning and the quality of my troops. I had no such moments in this game. You basically just throw your army at the other army and hope to win. There's very little strategic depth involved. Also, your formations just disintigrate into these blobs. One blob vs. another blob, when in real life, discipline and staying in formation was very important for winning a battle.Long story short, or TL; DR version: Don't buy it, unless you think you can look past these issues. I certainly can't, which is why I'm unable to play anymore of this game. Just buy the first one."
76561197986908814,Not Recommended,214950,1106732,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Johnny,♥♥♥♥♥♥FLIES EVERYWHERE!
76561198040687769,Recommended,214950,4679460,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Ðraco Sþiøn,I dont get why alot of people hate this game! i really love it!
76561197970218588,Recommended,214950,7941735,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,KingGeedorah,Great game. Love murdering those Scythian scum.
,Recommended,214950,8171217,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Henry,yes
,Not Recommended,214950,8263769,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,S P A T F R A K,"After months still buggy,they are working on it but for me the fun has been spoiled already. How can they have such outragous stupid a.i. in this game when it was great in shogun 2 or even in rome 1 ,it boggles my mind ,its not like they have to reinvent it every time.Been a fan of the series since shogun 1 back in 2000 and rome2's release is even worse then empire:total war.They should just have waited  half a year with release.Pick it up later when its discounted and fixed.SHAMEFULL DISPLAY"
,Recommended,214950,8417115,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,vodka,"7/10Even tho launch issues have mostly been resolved, the game did not meet my high expectation, but it's still a good game.Now that some DLC & the steam workshop are available, this should help the game age relatively well. Fans of Total Warprobably already own the game, those who dont should wait for a steam sale & pick it up.I should point out that the community has really helped out, making the game more approachable & flexible (like most games with mods). Also CA are really quick on fixing problems with the game, even tho it could've used some love before it got launched."
76561198000435804,Not Recommended,214950,8652525,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sankfang,"Pathetic, Empire Total War is a better game by far. Do not buy this trash."
,Not Recommended,214950,8667158,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dewey18,"I dislike the fact that you cannot build walls to protect your small settlements or place small units without a general in them to protect them from an attack. It is very difficult to expand your settlements without causing a rebellion or food shortage. Why can I not combine armies with two generals?The battles always have units not reacting to what you tell them to do, or just gif out of the battles all together.The AIs use of the spy  and hero are too much."
,Recommended,214950,8718613,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Sabotank,"Its a good game, just hate the leveling sistem for the genarals and agents its a bit confusing, and it has lots of bugs and the AI is bad."
76561198119543482,Recommended,214950,8759251,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,maverick43,Very good game Love to play it
76561198115461907,Recommended,214950,8989433,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Maw2812,May be hard at first but it is a very good good good game
76561198112178949,Recommended,214950,7799623,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,andersen.jared,This game is awesome
,Recommended,214950,7848918,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,bigcheeseuk,"Worth buying now, the patches have fixed it"
,Recommended,214950,7850818,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RodeToShrak,awesome but broken
76561198030179866,Recommended,214950,7916796,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Pierrovitch,Buy it!
,Recommended,214950,7933079,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,{FH} law <> 02,"Very excellent strategy game, more exciting, challenging and inovative that the predecessor Total War: Shogun 2"
76561197972216093,Not Recommended,214950,8085897,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Old_Man_Prospector,This is the biggest waste of money I have ever thrown away on steam... and I've bought a lot of games.  Total War: Rome II is terrible in so many ways that I refuse to submit myself to the pains of recalling them.
76561198065152188,Not Recommended,214950,8182340,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ghostuser,game just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks....the AI go and just sometimes charge with one unit...battles online with 3 players on each side...each having about 10000 troops battles lating only 5 min....and last just to meny glitches and trying to ask for peace is stupid cause they just about never attack and when they do...there troops run away even when they have 60% of there unit left and same for you.
76561198092365425,Recommended,214950,8346424,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,HeartOfDarkness7,Awesome game.  Very in-depth; loads of replay value.
76561198053346269,Not Recommended,214950,8409380,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Spank Thru,"The game just fails to deliver all you want from it, the politics are useless, the IA its so awful that there is no way you can encounter a superpower, and the development of your own Empire its restrained because of squalator-food balance + the great idea of having fixed amounts of slots to build."
76561198046898757,Not Recommended,214950,9122707,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Trikey Mikey,"Rome Toal War, the original game is better than this. This game offers a terrible campaign experience compared to the first, the building system is complete garbage, multiplayer is average."
76561198024757596,Not Recommended,214950,9148993,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,romulus108,Spent about $70.00 to download this game and the packs to go with it.  What a WASTE of money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  After taking 8 hours for it to download now the game will not start!
76561198079352000,Recommended,214950,7900803,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,^MrYellow^,"OK, disapointing for long time total war players. Naval battles buggy anf some factions very OP."
76561198058694675,Recommended,214950,8130520,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,dave,"This game was a little dissapointing considering what it could have been, but it is still one of my favorite strategy games, most total war fans will have a good time with it!"
76561198090367699,Recommended,214950,8267434,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SkyL3af,"Nice graphics and  the batting is slightly hard to control, but you get used to it."
76561198078065761,Recommended,214950,8352636,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ram,i like it. very nice. much battle. blood dlc is really greedy though
76561198094486135,Not Recommended,214950,8410124,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,williamsrunner,I am a big fan of the original Rome: Total War and this game was a big disappointment.
76561197999912503,Not Recommended,214950,8657371,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Winter,"No, do not buy this game. The core mechanism in the game is poorly executed and CA is ♥♥♥♥ing us over again. They release a vanilla that should been a beta. So please do not make the same mistake like me and many others. CA need to bleed for this abomination of a game. And hopfully they will learn from theirs mistake! HAHAHAH! Its CA, they will never learn from theirs mistake."
76561198047513884,Recommended,214950,8767115,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,xTheLoyalDutchx,"i know that this game has been given alot of bad critics, mainly because of all the bugs and errors, but i think its a great game.1. addictive2. awesome graphics3. nice animations when auto resolving4. fun coop campaignnegatives1. alot of bugs in the beginning ( decreased now because of all the patches )2. in the beginning the ai didnt make realistic moves, example if your town were unguarded , they would not attack. and they didnt make anye moves on the battle map, example when beeing fired on by archers. ( because of many patches, it has become a lot better game )"
76561198069692569,Not Recommended,214950,8904941,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,magnificent microwave casserole,Well i would right more than this but the game dosent even boot up. so good job SEGA good job.
76561198006486079,Not Recommended,214950,7847966,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Nydelith,"Broken, buggy mess. Doesn't have anti-aliasing. Nothing you see in any trailer or cinematic is in the game. In fact, the game has NO CINEMATICS and NO CUTSCENES. 1-turn per year, get ready to lose interest in your generals. There is no political system whatsoever. Creative Assembly slapped a poor excuse of one together real quick before releasing this game. Your cities walls don't really matter either, since everyone can throw flaming torches at the gates and get inside without any siege equipment anyway.If you're a Total War fan, do not buy this game. It is not a true Total War title. I urge you not to give them your money until they fix this, which I doubt they ever will because it would require serious revamping of the entire game. This is a Total Letdown."
,Recommended,214950,7865674,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Opoxrapax,"Yet you have never been there. You have not seen what it has become. I am dying, Maximus. When a man sees his end... he wants to know there was some purpose to his life. How will the world speak my name in years to come? Will I be known as the philosopher? The warrior? The tyrant...? Or will I be the emperor who gave Rome back her true self? There was once a dream that was Rome. You could only whisper it. Anything more than a whisper and it would vanish... it was so fragile. And I fear that it will not survive the winter.-Marcus Aurelius (Gladiator 2000)"
76561198082837023,Recommended,214950,8063250,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,EmperorAnthony,ANYONE who likes to take control of huge armys and wage war BUY this game! its AMAZING! it may have some bugs but positive far out weighs the negetive!
,Recommended,214950,8110242,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Black_Mongoose_85 (Sam),Awesome game!  Most bugs are fixed now!  I've been playing Total War Games for 10 years!  Great game and company!!!
,Recommended,214950,8413496,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sstharp,Finally getting the hang of it. Not bad!!!
,Not Recommended,214950,1524786,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Chember 😈 [Nugget],"I would highly advise you to NOT get this game. It's Empire Total War all over again. Rushed, unpolished and lack luster. This game has nothing special to offer, especially for 60$.The AI is the worst yet in any Total War game, the campaign and battle mechanics are fundimentally flawed and it lacks all humanity and creativity. Battles are select all, right click fests with a bunch of magical, redundant abilities. The UI is god awful, to get the same info you could of gotten in previous titles within a second, takes several now. Battles feel like you're baby sitting your troops, rather then commanding an army.The campaign provincial system is garbage as well. And the magical transport fleets are a joke. Most transport ships are stronger then recuitable professional ships, and cheaper too! Making a dedicated fleet obsolete.There is no collission with troops, they mash together in a giant blob fest, with men phasing in and out of other men. The 1 v 1 animations are extremely detailed, but unrealistic. 6 of your men could surround the last of theirs, and they each have 1v1 duels, instead of ganging up on the last man.The voice acting is atrociously bad, not even comically bad, it is just god awful. The sound effects are weak (slinger rocks and bows and arrows sound nothing like they used to in Total War games, 120 men firiing sounds like 1 guy shooting in the distance), the battles are way to fast paced and not to mention the sound track is easily forgetable. I was looking forward to this game for years, I could have not been more disapponited.Don't waste your money on this piece of trash. Play the original Rome Total War or Medieval 2 instead."
,Recommended,214950,7932232,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The_Sovereign,this game is awsome i totally recommend bying it!! it deserves its money!
,Recommended,214950,7947375,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kip,"Very different in scope and mechanics than the first Rome, but it quickly grew on me.  Fairly buggy at release, but now seems problem free, at least on my system."
,Not Recommended,214950,8409130,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ric482,"In the words of many internet luminaries before me - I am disappoint. This game blows in a grand scale. The battle AI just runs directly toward you with little thought of tactics, the morale system is flat out broken, and worst of all I am fully aware that I’ve wasted my money.3/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,8417613,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AVENGER,TW: Shogun is better
,Recommended,214950,23689104,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Smurfosaurus-Rekt,"Started off as the worst, now is literally the best (and I've played every TW game since Medival 1)"
76561198018723325,Not Recommended,214950,24957834,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,"Corruptio Optima, Pessima","One of the most disappointing games that turned out to be a bit fun in the end. 6/10Don't buy this game at full price because it's a poor addition to the total war series compared to the masterpiece Medieval 2 or Shogun 2. You won't care about your generals, the city management is boring and can sometimes feel poorly created. The AI is f .u .c .k .e .d, the sieges often feel broken and the diplomacy options/system is not an improvement from earlier games. Early game could be a bit of a challange depending on if you play on higher difficulty levels and which faction you choose. But as soon as you gain some settlements and develope a stronger economy, you will crush everything that comes in your way. The soundtrack sucks compared Rome Total War, the speeches and proper voice acting are gone.But I did play 600+ hours, and that's thanks to the Divide et Impera mod. If you like the Total War series and the ancient time period, buy this game and download the mod from the workshop. It adds more units, improves building construction and adds more historical accuracy to the game.  Also, download the Rome Total War soundtrack from the workshop."
76561197991921781,Recommended,214950,25171362,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Stroganov,"After three years of patches, this is now better than the original Total War: Rome."
,Recommended,214950,25273559,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jconant03,"The game was a lot better than what people say,to get the real experience don't listen to the people who say it isn't good enough and it sucks"
76561198028053856,Recommended,214950,28856990,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Smolin,"I heard about this game from a YT reviewer Angry Joe, and he ridiculed the game for its shortcomings upon release.  After a couple years not thinking about the game my friend recommended it as similar to, yet better than Civ 5's battle.  On sale I picked it up for $15 and have so far put in about 15 hours.  In that time I have played some of the campaign and a bit of multi with my friend.Campaign-I didn't go in with any expectations, and didnt change the difficulty or anything.  I am currently stuck on the second level and I had to look up a strategy guide for it.  This game is kicking my♥♥♥♥♥and I have to truly delve into strategy to play, which I am very fond of.Multi-My friend and I are enjoying the multiplayer together as it is similar to Civ 5 but more action packed-though it is a bit upsetting that armies can be joined so it looks like you are attacking 3 guys, then out of nowhere there are 25 horsemen.The graphics are meh to me, and framerate can be poor.  Overall for $15 I I would for sure buy again."
76561198049703726,Recommended,214950,24218245,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,pimperville2,"I have about 200 hours at the time of writing this review.  I love this game, its simple, yet so hard at the same time.  It is really easy to pick up, you just have to be smart with your strategy.  I did not like Attila, as the graphics seem to be worse than this game, yet Attilla was released a few afterwards?????  Anyway, if you are on the fence, buy it, most people seem to enjoy it."
76561198272368221,Recommended,214950,28691504,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,iknowdjdunn,so ♥♥♥♥ing fun now that they got rid of all the gliches
76561198065048193,Recommended,214950,24474407,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jawl,"One of the best total war games by far. Graphics are amazing the battles are massive and is very well optomized so it runs very smoothly. With a well polished, immersive campaign and a built in mod manager this is personally my favorite total war game."
,Recommended,214950,25672773,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Whitney Catherine,I bought all the dlc(s) and I don't even know why
76561197970565937,Not Recommended,214950,14023344,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Grunkzzz,"I really loved the Total war series, but it seems like every edition they have gotten slightly worse. This Rome 2 is terrible, I didnt enjoy it at all and will probably not be buying any more games from this series."
76561197989886367,Recommended,214950,13472239,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,plansmaker,Its on sale right now for 14.99. Its a no-brainer! Get it! I also recommend getting the Greek States Culture Pack as well while they're cheap.
76561198082585051,Recommended,214950,9631741,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,BattleDuck,Buy it -_-
,Recommended,214950,9415976,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Culgar,"A lot of people complained about this game at release, but because of recent updates and mods, I would highly recommend this game. It's a bit simpler than Shogun, and there are some complaints I have about various things about changes made from the original Rome. However most of these can be fixed with mods. If you have a hankering for a satisfying strategy game experience, look no further."
76561198011394761,Recommended,214950,9690725,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Slimjim,"Dear Creative assembly why do you keep messing this game up?The game worked fine for me  until pactch ten came out. My saved games wouldn't load and now when i play everyone delcares war on me in the first move!!! im only playing on normal you need to fix this game its been rough since it lanched i have stayed by it hoping it will get better, and its not i cant even get pass 30 moves with out the world delcaring war on me. and how do faction only have one city get to have two to three stacks of troops when i own four cities and i cant even afford 2 full stacks with levy pike men. FIX THIS GAME PLEASE!!!!I would recomond buying it use to be fun until patch 10 came out it had its bugs but it wasent this bad."
76561198001835690,Recommended,214950,9600758,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Gwai-lo Cao Ni Ma,best game ever
,Recommended,214950,9605492,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Chunkykibbles,"Really fun game, looks visually stunning and the combat mechanics seem to be greatly improved."
76561198007696707,Recommended,214950,9554721,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,dead_zombies,"I think CA messup up BIG TIME with the launch of this game...but they are making amends. I have seen many many live streams of this game where players encounter rediculous bugs and glitches but things have changed over the months.Before buying, I read so many negative reviews of this game and there are a lot. I didn't buy it at launch becuase of this. But now, after almost 10 patches, the game is receiving some nods. Thats why I took the plunge when the game was on sale and I don't at all regret my decision because this game is a worthy sequel to Rome I.I started my TW journey with Empire and went on to play all the games and I'm having just as much fun with Rome II as with any other Total War. I haven't spent hundreds of hours on this game but I most certainly will because it has all the core mechanics that made TW fun. Grand battles with unique generals, citybuilding, exploration, politics, its all here and theres tons of DLC thats going to get pumped out over the years that will only make the game better.Also, this is the hardest Total War game I have played yet. I cannot imagine why people are saying the AI sucks because it manages to kick my butt just like AI did in Shogun 2. I admit, I'm not that good at the game but the AI is challenging enough to make me want to refine my tactics."
76561198050119279,Not Recommended,214950,12680728,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Excel,"The original game is good but not the Empire Edition. When I was buying it, i thought this edition has been fixed the bugs.However it didn't, you can't control the armies correctly in the battle and  they just ran to the end of the earth.They repack the countries that u can choose ,and they took away Greek States and bleeding mode from the game and sell them as DLC!!! WTF!! I didn't see the improvement with this edition, so i don't recommand to buy it. If u guys really want to play it, just go to find the old one in somewhere.  :o)"
,Recommended,214950,9511519,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Daddy,"Disaster: Total War.You pay £40 for full game? I think not.You have to pay £40 for a demo, which even then isn't fully functional, and then have to buy the rest of the ♥♥♥♥ing game; which they call ""DLCs"". DLCs in Rome 2 translate to: factions which would be in the full game but we decided to lock them in order to milk you dry.Anyhow, putting that aside...the game is a good scam simulator. Best scam simulator of 2013.Glory to Arstotzka."
76561198029314476,Recommended,214950,9099269,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Findecano,"I can only say that this is one of the best, if not THE best, RTS-games I've ever played, including earlier games in the Total War series. I've played the original Rome: Total War, as well as Medieval II, Empire, Shogun 2 and the newer Total War: Attila. This one, Rome II, really stands out as best among them, not only graphics-wise but gameplay-wise as well. It took a lot of patching (though I myself never came across any bugs, to be honest), but Rome II's Emperor Edition makes for a really great game.Though even *my* PC can't handle the best graphics-mode (Extreme), the battle map and campaign map are both still rendered beautifully, with a lot of details on units, buildings and terrain. Some new features, like the new Line-of-Sight feature, make for a really interesting game. And even though I'm really bad at naval battles (because ships can ram you to death pretty easily), they're still pretty fun.As you can see, I have over 500 hours logged on this game, but have only actually completed the grand campaign three times; once with Rome, once with Egypt and once with Macedon. I am now nearing completion with my Parthia playthrough, and am working on a multiplayer campaign with the Marcomanni and the Iceni - but there are many, many more factions left to play as. And since each playthrough works out differently (different factions manage to survive, grow and prosper), there's still a long time left for me to enjoy this game.I highly recommend this game to any Total War fan, as well as to anyone new to the series."
,Not Recommended,214950,33020128,Posted: 29 June,all,SoulPus,"bad game new politics system is just plain bad the grand camp map was the best about this game and its totaly ruined im sorry for my bad english but let me tell you this, total war rome 2 is terrible"
76561198023354110,Recommended,214950,9538059,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,steven spielberg desu,"Got mad because I did worse than I wanted to on a test about Athens.Play as Sparta and absolutely slaughter them over and over, every time I conquer Athens I set up Client State and then just massacre them.Rinse and Repeat.Die Athenian Scum.Don't buy the Caesar in Gaul DLC though, it's not worth."
76561198016711982,Not Recommended,214950,24568029,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Khareth,"""Rome wasn't built in a day"" - and apparently neither was an ethical game company. I cannot bring myself to recommend this game simply because of shrewd money-mongering and plain laziness. But let's start off with gameplay.The combat is anything but tactical for a game that focuses so much on tactics. Depending on your unit selection, you basically have three options: a direct attack, a flank, or both. Meaning you can either send your men into the fray, watching them arduously hack away at their enemies in a jumbled, unorganized mess (unit structure and organized troop movement are what made Rome so superior!) or bait the enemy with a few unfortunate groups and flood your army around the enemy, seeing as when a unit is attacked from behind their combat effectiveness diminishes and their morale dissolves, or a mixture of both. The AI is incredibly stupid and in most cases refuses to advance on your armies even if they seem to have the upper hand.When it comes to dimplomacy and city management, the game has become far too oversimplified especially compared to the older games. The AI is, again, incredibly stupid, and will spam you with unrealistic requests. If you are wealthy (and clearly extremely powerful) a nation with no wealth and little military power will demand money in exchange for your safety.They also won't be shy about breaking out of character: Rome's AI is extremely submissive and lets pretty much everyone around them bully them to death.Don't even get me started on the ridiculous number of factions and overhaul it puts on the game when you change turns. It will take thirty seconds for the game to scroll through 50 different faction icons, and that's if you adjusted the settings properly. By default, you'll have to watch every single AI unit movement within your field of view, which can take up to five minutes.And last, but certainly not least, the scamming and the penny-pinching. SEGA has done a great job at showing us just how willing they are to squeeze every single penny out of our pockets they can using any means necessary. There are over 12 DLCs (count them, 12!) most of which toss in arbitrary doodads that should've been in the game to start with (like gore... I don't want to have to pay to see a little bit of blood. Who cares about the Teen rating? Kiddies shouldn't feel sophisticated enough to play this anyway). What bothers me the most, though, are ""culture"" and ""unit"" packs. Again, little tidbits that should've been in the game ANYWAY, like being able to play as the Greeks or beings able to use war dogs like in Rome 1.Sufficed to say they left out so much content that games before them held just so they could suck as much money out of us as they could. While I can't say I hate this game (in all honesty it's a fantastic game and I think it might be among my top five Total Wars) I simply cannot recommend it for sixty bucks. Thirty dollars? Maybe. Twenty dollars? Absolutely. An extra $86 for content that should've been included with the original $60 price tag? Hell no.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, Sega. You're making it even worse with Warhammer."
76561197967189343,Not Recommended,214950,32337324,Posted: 11 June,all,Burt  Macklin,"Don't waste money on this game. Buy Medieval Total War 2, it's better."
,Recommended,214950,33738172,Posted: 23 July,all,cakemuncher30,Best history lesion I've ever had! It's almost like I went to school 10/10 would murder millions again 🔪
,Not Recommended,214950,18665008,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Vector,there is not much I regret - but buying Total War: Rome II is definitely one of the things.
76561198045786659,Recommended,214950,12140935,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Grandfather Odin,ROME II - Emperor Edition aka Pink barbarian pyjamas party 10/10
76561198110359597,Recommended,214950,18503381,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Ted Cruz official,"I think ive played this game enough to give an accurate review about it ^Ive played every single total war game(including expansions) since the orginal RTW, and although this isnt my favourite in the series i'd still give it a 9/10(with mods). Some things bugged me at first like the fact that you need a general(limited amount) for every army, but i got used it and now when i replay the older games without these features, i actually miss the difference they made on the game. Ai is also a bit stupid in the game, spamming the same low level units, sending armies to invade while their cities are under siege etc. but these issues and many many more(like unit variety) can all be fixed with the great variety of mods available, which is why i think steam users should stop complaing and appreciate how lucky they are. The DLCs for campaigns such as wrath of sparta are a complete rip off, way too expensive, but, the additional factions mods i would say are fair, since for the price you are paying you are basically paying for a new campaign that you will probably enjoy and spend more time playing than a full game costing maybe 10x as much, but thats just my opinion. Multiplayer was great a while back, but nowadays ur lucky to find a game due to mostly empty servers and when you do join 8/10 times it will lag too much to actually enjoy a battle (no matter how good your pc/internet is)"
,Recommended,214950,14719956,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Count Delinard,"When it came out it was kind of broken, yes..The graphics were not really optimized, and the mechanics were not working properly to all their extentBut with time, it got better, and right now it is near perfect..Sure it has some questionable things, and it never managed to achieve what for me Fall of the Samurai and Shogun did (besides the oringinal ROME II and Medieval II) but it has gifted me countless hours of very deep campaigns (in legendary difficulty) and the level of detail in battles is unmatched by any game ever.Every single thing, to the tiniest rock thrown by a slingshot, remains on the floor, it's simply beautifulThe cultural differences along the map make up for interesting tactical decisions when invading other cultures..During your first playthroughs you really learn from your mistakes, and adapt to win.All in all, highly recommended."
76561197986775314,Recommended,214950,1102208,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Aluminum Elite Master,"As of February 11, 2014:I consider this a day when I can give an overall review, finally, without having to conditionalize much of what is said. After almost 500 hours, 4 completed campaigns, and a tremendous number of patches, I can safely assume the game is actually close to what should have been it's initial release state.* * *The game at release was a disaster. Total War games tend to have slight hiccups at release, but Rome II had flat-out design flaws. Initially, there were capture points in open field battles. Even when you were on the defensive. And those capture points were often just toward the center of the map. That is such a silly design flaw that, even though it got patched out of the game almost immediately, it sets a tone for what to expect.And then the bugs. Naval bugs were so numerous at first that it seems they barely play-tested the new feature of combined land-sea battles, as units disembarking could become glitched, and numerous other bugs were prevalent. Siege bugs were also quite numerous. And technical bugs, like large frames-per-second (FPS) drops, were common.Now, most of the bugs are gone. And some design decisions, like open field battles having capture points, were fixed more-or-less quickly.But it's still odd that very basic balance issues were not corrected until the last patch or two. Such as the fact that Praetorians used to cost only two or three hundred denarii more than Legionaries despite the massive stat boost Praetorians have. Or that chariots used to be fairly cheap units that could kill virtually anything. These issues only recently were fixed, despite being fundamental issues that a quick in-house beta would have detected.But, finally, much of that is behind the game now. Only one slight design flaw remains: one turn is equal to one year, meaning that agents and generals die fairly quickly (if you get them initially around age 25, they might live for 50 turns before dying of old age, but often less). This also means that there are no more seasons. But these are things I can live with personally, and if you really want to change these issues up, there are both mods that can do this as well as an expansion (Caeser in Gaul) that includes a campaign that does have more turns per year as well as seasons.For what it is, after all of that, we have a rather good game. It's nice to be back to a Total War game where there are different sides. Shogun 2, for all its strengths, did tend to suffer from a lack of unit variety: in that game, which basically was all about civil wars in various eras of Japan, you were stuck with one set of units for each campaign, and the only difference between factions was what bonuses you got for certain units in that set. Only much later was there a DLC to add a single unique unit to each faction, a la Civ V.And Rome 2 includes a reasonable mercenary system to augment the faction-specific units, allowing you to buy far more expensive versions of a select number of other factions' units.Rome 2 diplomacy is better than Shogun 2's, in some minor ways. Now you can trespass in foreign territory and suffer diplomatic penalties with that territory's owner rather than just be blocked by a force-field until you get military access. And sides form alliances in ways that are a bit more understandable.Rome 2 also features army traditions, which are a way of giving bonuses to units with a device that can't be killed or destroyed: even if the army with that tradition falls, it can be reinstated and new units added to the army to get the bonuses.Which brings me to the last of two changes: unlike Shogun 2, all units have to be under a commander and in an army, now. No more breaking off two or three units to scout ahead, or buying units to sit in a town and act as a garrison. While this could be argued to be a design flaw, I see it as more of a design choice: in real life, it would be strange to have just one unit of levied men running around commander-less in the country side.And the other change is that land units can now embark on water without needing a navy. Again, some might see that as a step back, but it makes more sense than a single gunboat in Shogun 2 being able to transport a 1,000 man army on it.Overall, Rome 2 has a fair number of improvements that were hard to notice until recently because of the horde of bugs. The game is finally worth it's initial price, though I suspect the base price will drop shortly since it's been half a year. And the developers were at least aware enough of the mistakes they made that the game received heavy patching and that consumers received what was likely intended as paid DLC for free because of the issues.None-the-less, because of the fiasco of the early days, I have to say I can't give more than a B- to the overall experience I've had with Rome II. It's probably today about a B+ if you are looking to get a rather good strategy game. But, initially, it was a solid D and only after a lengthy period of patching has it become what it is today, which is a solid strategy game with just a couple nagging flaws.ADDED (9/12/2014):-- My editorial on PC Gamer and Rome II --PC Gamer Very Recently, While Mentioning the Emperor Edition:""After a troubled start, Rome 2 is now in a much better place—its patches and tweaks fixing many, if not all, of the community's major issues.""PC Gamer During the 'Troubled Start':'85/100'Now, Rome 2 TODAY, as of 9/122014, probably actually is getting closer to earning that 85/100 score. CA has done a lot to win back the communty and rectify mistakes (i.e.: adding content to Beasts of War, adding a campaign for free, offering DLC for free, etc.). But I've lost all faith in PC Gamer. I mean, at launch, this game was indeed suffering major issues... issues that PC Gamer took note of only well after the fact (around BoW they at least noted that BoW was not well-received).My advice to CA, along with other studios = just let consumers play a demo. Provide us a demo, because obviously the 'professional reviewers' are, in the very least, incompetent. I am suggesting this because experiences with the industry lately have led me to swear-off pre-ordering anything that lacks a playable demo.And my advice to consumers = video game review magazines are clearly going full-Rolling Stone these days. Either play a demo of the game, or wait until two months after release; there's no trusting the 'professional reviewers' anymore. Pre-ordering is insanely foolish these days, and even buying in during the first month likely means just waiting another month or two for absolutely vital patches.Honestly, Rome II has shown what garbage PC Gamer is, and PC Gamer was my gold standard once upon a time."
76561198026796328,Not Recommended,214950,9213926,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,McSlave,"Due wait until all bugs are fixed for this game, because to date they still have not fixed all of them and I am not even able to play the game at all, even without any mods installed."
76561198009573578,Not Recommended,214950,10297092,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,sabot67,"Didn't grab me like the other Total War titles- I tried to like it & with some Mods it became somewhat interesting.  But in the end, it just isn't that great."
,Recommended,214950,10391412,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,🎃SpookyScaryDune🎃,♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥ALL♥♥♥♥♥♥DON'T♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT N-NO NO NO NO NOSHIT ALL BAD♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO♥♥♥♥♥♥LIES LIES LIARS LIARS LIES LIES♥♥♥♥♥♥NO NO NO♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIT♥♥♥♥♥♥LIES LIES LIES EVIL LIES LIES NEVER GIVE MONEY TO THESE PEOPLE AGAIN WORSE THAN HITLER NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOSHIT
76561198038079602,Not Recommended,214950,11354627,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Admiral Allahu Akbar,"See, I love this game, but for people who want this game, think twice, because its good on the shell, but there are little, tiny things that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. For example, The turns take forever, like 5 minutes, and if you don't have a beast of a computer or an AlienWare Laptop, count it out, because the graphic settings are horrid unless your graphic card and MEMORY is 1GB or more to work on HIGH graphic settings.The unit collision is like a mash pit at an Ozzie Obourne concert, they don't collide like a real conflict would be like, and (like Empire: Total War) two soldiers won't attack one in unison, it's just actual animations, which looks cool, but isn't how battles were fought 2000+ years ago. The Romans were trained to fight in groups or squads, and go at one guy with as many were possible, Roman legions worked together! Not every man for himself. But, I could on for hours on the bugs and problems with Total War: Rome 2. One more thing, The Greek and Romans fought in formation, not mash pits, they perfected phalanxes and group combat. SO think twice before you make a mistake."
76561197979093208,Recommended,214950,9102626,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bhikshu #Back2Basics,"ROMA, BELLVM TOTVS II, LVDVS MMXIV ANNI EST. CVNCTATIONIS TEMPVS EMENDATVM EST, ET QVALITAS IMAGINIS MELIOR QVAM SHOGVNO. AVTEM, SPECVLATORES ET VETERANI NIMIS FORTES SVNT, POTENS DESTRVERE OMNES AEDES IN SINGVLA VRBE! IX/X."
,Not Recommended,214950,9132277,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Vice President Mike Pence,"The game isn't horrible, it's just dumbed down to the point where I have to force myself to play it, and even then I care nothing about my previous campaign.Some could say that Rome II is to other Total War games as Call of Duty is to Arma III, but that is putting it lightly. It's like Dora The Explorer: Journey to the Purple Planet is to Day Z.Worth about 20 dollars for a few hours of lollygagging, but nothing more.Save your money and get Civ V."
76561198072107630,Not Recommended,214950,9240927,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,KONY2012,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198032625004,Not Recommended,214950,9803426,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Sneaky person,if you dont have a uber amazing 2000$ gaming pc you cant run this on eny settings that look good DONT GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214950,10246938,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Balthasar Gelt,"After playing the game for a long period and fighting both Major and Minor wars, I think I'm ready to give my final verdict on Rome 2.Essential Rome 2 mods that you MUST own to play Rome 2:Rome: Total War Music (fixes the music)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=263097925Hegemonia - Large Empires standalone 4TPY (Makes the empires as strong as they should be)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=199291199Graphic Enhancement Mod (removes the ugly blue lighting that the game suffers from)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=187199741Pikemen start battles with pikes (Something CA should already have patched into the game)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=204682595Better City Names (City names that weren't named by Neanderthals)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=236360765Rome 2 has a variety of problems, there's no denying that. The game is poorly optimised with certain features and at certain points. It can lag when you look at the campaign map and it can lag when you look at grass with the soft foliage feature. The UI can sometimes become an AI and order your troops in ways that you did not give it permission to do. A precise cavalry charge for example can be sent instead into a spearman unit when you specifically ordered it to avoid that unit, something that previous total wars have all managed to avoid. The HDR still doesn't have an option in the Graphics Options menu, meaning that you will have to look at black/blue battles instead of the colourful HD ones you've come to expect from Shogun. Some of the city names are not the ones you grew up knowing, like the legionary city of Arretium, in Rome 1. The music rarely has any flair and is often forgettable. You wont find the music you were expecting or teased with(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_teaZ0xA_4)in the trailers by the fantastic Jeff Van♥♥♥♥♥♥(He did the music for Rome, Medieval 2 & Shogun 2).These are problems, obviously, but none of them are crippling to the game itself. If I cast off the nostalgia of Rome 1 and look to what this game actually has, it's a pretty good game. My previous gripes with transport fleets and undead armies has been squashed, conquest is less of a grind than it used to be. When you destroy a nation, their various military assets still roam about looking to raid your settlements and pose a general resistance, but isn't this what would really happen? Perhaps they might just disband, but if it's a loyal army (Not mercenary's), wouldn't they try to fight using guerilla tactics? If there is a grind, it is mostly justified and removes the gamey tactic of taking the last enemy settlement before they capture your town in the hopes that they will turn to dust. A good thing, in my mind.So what about the Army=Transport fleet thing? Well, fleets are now delicate little flowers, and their existence makes it so that you MUST have a navy. This is good, and I would not remove it. Naval battles have went from being simple zig-zags when the game first came out to what are practically land battles on the sea. I have major problems with the AI of your ships in sea battles, they can't decide to attack on their own, you must tell each individual one what it is to do every time it is to do something, but if you can keep on top of that they can be quite fun. It's a different world though, you should expect to lose several ships if facing a naval force. Ships burn, men die, rams smash. They are high maintenance, but without them you will be missing half of your military power and opening yourself up to Guerilla pirates.The game implements many new features like food and emphasises squalor and public happiness so that you can't simply build a barracks in every city. You must make Arrentium your legionary city, make Ariminum your fishing and farming city and  Neopolis your trading port, maybe make Brundisium your shipyard or as I had it, Karalis. Careful though, all those new high tech buildings require food, perhaps you should turn your new Carthaginian conquests into masses of farms? Don't forget to honour the gods or the people might remember that you aren't the Carthage they know and love. It adds a new layer of complexity to the game and I like it.The diplomacy is some of the best I've seen, especially in a total war game. It's not necessarily the options that are great, they're pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor to be honest, but it's the way the AI behaves. They are much more willing not to hate you, in fact they often love you and fear you and show proper respect to their Roman masters by offering to become vassals. The AI knows when it's out gunned and it's best option is to surrender half to keep the rest, lest they become my newest visitors to Mediolanium's slave market. The existence of city states is refreshing to say the least, it's quite nice to have Massila be an ally of Rome in hostile Gaul. It's something you couldn't have in the original with the Rebels being the minor factions. Beware of them though, in my game Athens took Macedon proceeded to vassalise Sparta and conquer Turkey. As far as I'm aware they are fighting a long and bitter war with Egypt against Parthia, who destroyed the Seleucid's (even with the Hegemonia mod). All of this occurred while I was fighting the Carthaginians, which since Rome is united, I was guided into going to Spain before Gaul as happened in history. No Roman balloon expansion here.The politics is sadly reduced. The lack of a family tree makes the family's seem a bit abstract and the assassinations seem irrelevant, but the events that crop up can be interesting and securing promotions and general/admiral positions for your house could be called intrigue I guess. It's not really a massive downer; it could have been better but it's hardly game breaking.On the land battles, my nostalgia is hurting my opinion of them. In my opinion, you can't have a melee battle without archers and skirmishers are a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor substitute, let alone slingers. Who wants those eh, they are for the kinds of people who use war dogs and explosive pigs. Not for the serious general, am I right?Apparently not, Rome never used archers until it had conquered Syria according to forum based sources that I read, so you'll have to use those lousy skirmishers and their throwing sticks and wolf pelt hats. In all fairness they can be quite useful, but their range is so short that I rarely actually use them, they sit at the back with no actual part in the battle apart from inflicting friendly fire. That's what I see anyway.Cavalry feels a bit weak as well, but it might be because everyone and their mother has a spear and they don’t trample ground units like they used to. Every little thing seems to bog them down and the anvil seems to break the enemy without needing a hammer anyway. They can be useful, but most of my battles are sieges rather than open field, so perhaps that has something to do with it. I've never had the AI siege my city, but I hear that they can use fire on iron doors, so keep that in mind when deciding whether to purchase or not, it seems to snap some people's minds in half. Not that it's right, but again it's not a game breaker.Overall I feel that Rome 2 has the qualities of a good total war game, now that it's properly developed and patched. On my rankings, It's better than Empire and Napoleon, but probably equal to or less than vanilla Shogun but it still is not the greatness of Fall of the Samurai."
,Not Recommended,214950,9235005,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Tylerius,"The game is completely broken and shoddily made. Even with the new updates you will randomly be unable to access unit and mercenary recruitment. Naval combat is completely pointless as every singe one of your ships is weaker than your opponents transports. Forget about trying to board the other ship, your troops will simply pack the front of your own ship and it is the impossible to move it or change the orders. Melee combat quickly becomes just a mosh pit that is impossible to move or give orders to. Pathetic really. Spent 60 bucks on this game and I can't even play it because it is so glitchy and unplayable."
76561198198696553,Recommended,214950,31171938,Posted: 15 April,all,Etaop,It's alright
,Recommended,214950,13306205,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,FlightyS ッ,"Excelent game, it took a while to get to this stage but CA have put a lot of effort into making this game everything it can be.Enough content for plenty of hours of play, not only are there the 9 base factions, but then you have all the freelc factions which have been added, Pontus,selucids,baktria, the getae massila and armenia. They have also provided the augustus campaign completely free of charge. This means you have plenty to do without having to buy any dlc to get more enjoyment out of the game.The game is well optimised now and i can run all settings on ultra with an i5 and an asus 7870 card.I have played total war games since rome 1 10 years ago, and i have throughougly enjoyed this game and eagerly look forward to the next installment.There are plenty of mods available to fix any problems you have with the game.I would recomend getting the blood and gore dlc, it adds a lot to the battles, also the hannibal at the gates dlc is really fun."
,Recommended,214950,29027008,Posted: 4 January,all,jgbspqr,"""Pretty fun. Gonna work my way through the ages.""That was my first review above. On 2nd review after 40 hours or so. Love it! But you gotta be into all the warring plus the politics too. I am also learning about history that I didn't pay much attention to in school!"
76561197970954768,Recommended,214950,7777676,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,chen88,"wow just wow. I have played all the total war games (ecept the first shogun) and have to say this one is a natural progression of the series.Lots of people complained about how horrible and broken it was but I had no issues whatsoever. The developers have made many patches to improve things like the AI etc. and theyve done a good job it seems. I was playing the unpatched version for a long time and thoroughly enjoyed it, now with the patched version its even better.Oh the interface is a bit of a back step but everything's there, just more streamlined which is good. Graphics are absolutely amazing, campaign map and battles. There are lots of great mods out there now as well so get to it!"
,Recommended,214950,7791293,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Cpl. Koala,"On initial release the game was kind of difficult to embrace, however, I would definitelly reccomend it now. Esspecially with the blood and gore dlc, it really makes the warfare look so much better. Buy it!"
,Recommended,214950,7835411,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Cald3ron,"Fun game, more expansive then the first.More factions (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and longer turn waits.8/10"
76561198031407833,Recommended,214950,7848942,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mr. Feztivities,"This game is not as good as the original. If it's this or Shogun 2, buy Shogun 2."
,Recommended,214950,7913257,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,AGS | Peter (Biteme),"Do not take the negative reviews too seriously, I have found the game as a whole very enjoyable. I can see myself playing this for a long time to come."
76561197981106688,Not Recommended,214950,8099131,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Drunken Farmer ~deer~,"This game upon release charged me 80 dollars for a pre-order. Half the players could not even play this game upon release due to the video cards conflicting with the game, and the lack of testing resulting in lopsided combat, unresponsive AI, ships moving through deserts (clipping issues) just to name a few.If you are a total war fan you will be highly dissapointed. I suggest waiting for cheaper prices, and as for the DLC its an insult to even charge more for this game that is unfinished. Ask yourself how many games these days have blood and gore, and why as a game that is all about carnage they are charging more for the content? People are not stupid what they are buying, they expect graphic content its even in the title ""TOTAL WAR"".So no, do not support this product untill its cheaper, Sega needs to be taught a lesson that it can not get away with selling a half finished product. Just as people expect your dinner to be fully cooked, not half baked."
,Recommended,214950,8301449,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,_JAKE_,"This game is far better then i had ever imagined. Everything about the game compared to past total war games is different! I love how geography acturaly plays into massive wars unlike in the past and now with all the new tech trees for almost everything. Very highly reccomended, even if its not on a sale just buy it guys!"
,Recommended,214950,8373646,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Colotol,"And all sheer honestly, am a big total war fan, this game is Decent, it was a huge let down and as crappy as it is id have to point you to shogun 2 if your new to the series.Rome doesnt look as polished as it was led to eblieve and the bugs even up to now hinder the game, The politics system might as well not be there and teh AI is downright dumb, but you will still pump a good lot of hours into the campaign, if anything Caeser in Gaul is what you should play."
76561198018407171,Not Recommended,214950,9145195,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Johnny,garbage
,Recommended,214950,7750726,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kig,This game is extremely good even though it isn't balanced. It's weird to say that the singleplayer campaign of a game is unbalanced but it is. Auto-resolve is completely unrealistic.Online is very fun and has a steep learning curve. Good step up from the original and the visuals are incredible.
76561198020522436,Recommended,214950,7777222,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Freight,"A good game, pretty. It involves my personal favorite era in history. A rough launch, CA being suckers to SEGA have near ruined the Franchise. Currently this game is not close to being worth $60. it is worth $30-$40 if that. I would wait until a sale or until the price drops to pick this game up. You're not missing anything."
76561198014487992,Recommended,214950,7864707,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,mikey,"I have owened every total war game in the series since the beginning and yes i have to agree this is the worst one for glitches, AI is terrible (even when we were promised the AI would be harder), my crossfire setup just doesnt work with the game still (i get flickering and black squares on my screen, this is dure to driver either not being out yet or they just havent bothered there asses to bring a patch out to support i ont know!!, so i would recommend using one card, dont get me wrong when the game is working it is amazing i can run the game on one card on very high 50 odd fps easy (HD7770 2GB CARD) i would reccomend buying the game now on sale for 14.99 and not playing it till january when the other patches come out :Dpersonally everyone who bought the game when it had all these problems should not be paying for the blood and gore pack that should be free, and the previopuse DLC should be free!!!CA dissapointed, u have all the top experts there and you cant make a game to work :( its like having a soldier that doesnt know how to fire a weapon :S figure it out guys please :D"
76561198081916309,Recommended,214950,8121055,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TomiTo22,very good game
,Recommended,214950,3988076,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,TakesOneBullet,The game is In a rough state but the Fun and Potential is there looking forward to what that expansions might bring to the table
,Recommended,214950,7770539,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,tafoya77n,I have honestly enjoyed this game as much if not more than any other game that came out this year.  It has some quality of life changes from the past games along with getting rid of some beloved functions though(like the family tree).  In my opinion the time setting and the now much improved battles make this game a must own.
76561198035540427,Recommended,214950,7781889,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,thaulov,"A very good game, fairly challanging, but the makers need i take out the last bugs, loosing battle because a mistake in the game is annoying, making the game uninteresting at times. ""you can't walk out those gates to destroy the remaining enemy force, cause its not your gates, even though the gate was never taken, and it is your city/town you are defending"" bugs with the towers and gates of town seems to be appering when it's more than two sides fighting, i'm talking about allies joining the battle to take or defend a city. when those bugs does'nt appear it is a pleasent game to play.recommend? yes if the bugs get sorted out, and it is still playable in the other case, but you'll need to be patient."
76561197985627713,Recommended,214950,7837432,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Vapors,"not the best total war, they went with a new world army deal it's..... special but you'll still lose tons of time in it"
76561198027320295,Recommended,214950,7888436,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Zuteman,"Its great, bad launch but problably one of the best Total war games ever, and please add India."
76561197972497963,Not Recommended,214950,8533120,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SayKay,"been unable to play it ever since the 3rd patch. it was running fine before then now it crashes on launch. i know im not the only one with this problem after taking a look at the forums too. Really disappointed with this because the Total War franchise has always been one of my favourites. Even without the problems the game feels rushed and unpolished with many features missing that were in prior games. Save yourself the money and play Shogun 2, or even better pick up the orignal Rome and mod it to death"
,Not Recommended,214950,8596827,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Shallot Boy,"WARNING: CAESAR DLC IS COMPLETE WASTE OF $15I really wanted to like this game. I even still find myself playing it from time to time. The original Rome Total War not only got me into strategy games but started my obsession with Roman history. When they announced this game I was on the CA page waiting for every bit of coverage.After playing since release, I have come to terms with how monotinously boring it is. The tech tree, the province system, the trait system, land plotting system, general creation, spy/dignitary/veteran system are all designed to add content to the game. Unfortunately, all that these features really do is take away from the abstracted depth that the original had. Everything feels too much like a todo list that takes too much work to navigate through.Another issue I have is the ridiculous amount of tiny factions. Not only do they make waiting for the next turn a chore, they remove all sense of there being an epic war between nations. Often I'm thinking 'OK time to take out these guys.' Later game doesn't have this problem but by then (especially if you are Rome, Greece, Egypt, or Seleucid) you are practically invincible. The late game is not only annoyingly time consuming due to all the menus you have to click through, it isn't even worth playing due to the balance issues...The DLC for this game is the most absurd thing I've ever seen from CA. I had to pay 3.00 just to have blood and gore in a game about sending massive armies of melee troops at each other? Really, CA? And the Caesar in Gaul campaign is a joke. It's the same exact thing with a different tech tree, a general named Caesar (and Marc Antony), and a few extra units. Definitely not worth $15. Really dissapointed by this.The redundant roman units, slow loading textures, long battle load times, clunky naval battles, over-crowded/sized unit grouping, boring political system(the three territory system of the original was much better), frustrating multiplayer campaign system, completely unbalanced campaign(which is expected but still pretty excessive... Egypt), awkward campaign camera, and unatractive UI are just a few more of the things that make this game an epic failure.In fact, I can't think of a single thing about this game that I liked that Rome 1 didn't do just as well, if not better. Even the graphics engine isn't properly optimized to look relatively decent on my Core i7, Radeon R9 280x machine. I have to stress to anyone who hasn't played the original...Go play the original Rome: Total War, it is an incredible game that is much more fun than this mess of a project. Hopefully in a couple years Rome 2 will have been modded to the point that it is worth playing again."
,Not Recommended,214950,9142664,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DICKCHENEY,Can I get some of my money back now that its half off? :)
76561198006015009,Recommended,214950,7864837,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,TygerMass,"Ok,So i Pre ordered Rome 2 and i have to admit when it first came out the game was simply not ready for release. But now a few months later i have to say the whole game has gone from being a beta to a full working game.Though they were wrong to release the game too early as i think it spoilt a great game for many of us. Me included. The game has only improved greatly with the addition of each patch.The Good:But now, thankfully its up and running how it should. With many varied armies, units, options and hours of gameplay. Its living up to its predecessors. Also the additon of steam workshop support has done wonders for the game and i would highly reccommend anyone who doesn't mod the game to take a look. As there are some brilliant mods that further enhance the game and make it even better.The new army experience i feel is a great idea as it allows you to really turn an army into a specific fighting force allowing you to cater to any taste for any battlefield.The new graphics really are amazing and allow you to view ancient battlefields like never before!The Bad:Magic powers and stupid capture points...One huge disappointment with this game for me personally is the lack of a family tree as i feel this has massively reduced that immersive feeling that a more traditional total war gamer, like me, has come to expect. Seeing your family grow, have children, get married and have actually interesting traits. The new traits are awfully flawed and the fact you can only have a few further destroys immersion.Generals now feel far too meaningless as they die after only a few turns and then can be replaced instantly. I remember having to work for hours to turn a general into a great leader and then when his death would inexorably arrive it would cause a blow to my army and me on a personal level after the time and effort i had invested in the individuel.Overall i really like this game, i am a massive total war fan i have played since the original shogun demo was released many years ago! But i feel like there have been many great elements removed and many added that just take from what is a brilliant game."
76561197986586484,Not Recommended,214950,8499116,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mordachai,"OMG, what a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥excuse for a game.Pros: Pretty.Cons: Slow (no, seriously, I hope you have weeks to dedicate to a campaign).  Impossible to defend everything (okay, that's cool), but then the AI comes in and wipes out 10s of turns of production and construction in a single turn with a quick-raid (impossible to stop by-design (or by non-design)).  So you can spend many hours building a locale to have a few buildings - only to lose it in a single instant.  Totally impossible to avoid.  So... I hope you like spending hundreds of turns - ~ tens of your human hours ~ doing and redoing things.  Which only can get worse as your empire expands - and you're physically restricted by the game as to how many navies & armies you can have - so by definition you're going to have this happen over & over... more as the game progresses - slowing it down more.What a !@#$!@ retred, whomever ""designed"" this turd.Game design once upon a time was a strong point of TW games.  Now it is a long lost art."
,Recommended,214950,8720065,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,CH1R1NO,"Fun Game, but its better to play with a friend"
,Recommended,214950,7783134,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,George Foreman (btw im a grill),"This game got a lot of flack on it's release, primarly for the fact it was a buggy, unoptomised and unplayable mess. Thankly most of that's been fixed, and now Rome II is one of the better Total Wars of recent memory, not to mention it has a healthy modding scene that's always improving on the game and adding more interesting factions/units and adjustments to the core game itself.Unfortunatley, it's not without its faults, default 1 Turn per Year Campaign and the very limited city construction makes the Campaign Map a bore, not to mention the wait times after ending your turn (Although they've improved they still suck) But apart from that, it's a very pretty game, with very fluid combat, although it does end abruptly. Another problem is units rarely stay in formation, putting Hoplites in a phalanx will often result in the units and the front of the phalanx running out of formation and getting their asses kicked, unlike in Rome 1 where phalanxes were unbeatable unless you flanked the unit. Siege AI is also still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell.All the units feel unique in their own sense as well, and rarely feel like clones of each other, with most units having their own specail abilities to accompany them. The Battle AI on land battles is usually pretty smart as well, although it still does the same♥♥♥♥♥♥it did in Empire where the enemy would refuse to march at you when you were on the defense, so unless you wanted to wait 60 minutes for the battle to end, you had to charge the enemy. This is especially annoying playing as a Hoplite reliant faction like Athens or Sparta.The voices are excellent though, and I'm glad that leader speeches are back in the game, even if they aren't cinematic. I'd love the leadership speeches of Medieval 2 to return at some point, those were swell. Also the combined naval/land battles is also great, and having your navy save the lives of your broken and ragged land army running from a 5000 strong Parthian horde is amazing.Although the game is still flawed in several ways, it's a great game at the core, if you don't compare it to Rome 1 and its expansions, and still better than the monstrosity that was Empire."
,Recommended,214950,7856855,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Thunderous Jingo,"This is an excellent game, the graphics are outstanding (although one does need an AMAZING computer to run it well).  It is more flexible an less rigid than the older RTW, and older TW games in general.An excellent game overall - if you have a good computer and you are willing to spend the money then buy it.But it will probably be a waste of money if you buy it and your computer is not strong enough for it.Great game!"
,Recommended,214950,7919251,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Xenomorph,It's had it's issues and I'm not on board with the whole DLCs at launch bull but overall it's a fun game. It has a lot more potential but you can't beat strategy games in this era!
,Recommended,214950,8714324,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Heede,The perfect strategy game! I love the total war game serie.
76561198055739036,Recommended,214950,10122755,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Salah-Al-Din,"Started out rough but definitly got alot better as time went on. It's defomnotly worth a try for any Total War series fans. Graphics are cool, so are animitations and features like battle chants and city details. Some core TW features like family trees are missing though, hopefully they fix that soon. Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,214950,7787688,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Trulsification,Kind of buggy still with some really bad AI issues. Game seems to run bad on a gtx 770 as well so I guess they need to patch some stuff before i could really recommend.2013-11-27
,Recommended,214950,7851528,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bootstraps,"I really enjoyed this game. Apparently I'm the only one! I was impressed by the size of the map, the atmosphere, the graphics, and the mechanics (well, most of them). No doubt it helped that I didn't experience any of the bugs. Regardless, I was genuinely shocked at the level disapointment. I've played lots of bad games over the years and this wasn't one of them, in my opinion. So, I'll go against the consuensus and say this: If you like the genre, consider buying the game."
76561198040806638,Not Recommended,214950,12194236,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,CranberryCrunch,The forgot to finsh the game before selling it...
76561198046915154,Recommended,214950,11468896,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Thuggasaurus,"I love this game, with mods. Without mods this game gets boring and can be very frustrating. I play this game with 15+ mods that really overhaul the entire game. It may be just me, but the vanilla campaign without mods feels incomplete and lacking in areas from troop variation, to character skills. But with mods, this game is very fun."
,Recommended,214950,13093962,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,stayZEN,"Rome 2 packs quite the punch, and I'd be lying if I said I don't enjoy it, but, it suffers from heavy streamlining, really terrible AI and it feels like a bit of a step back from Rome 1. That said, it is comparably more enjoyable, as managing your empire is far easier and the graphics really help bring the ancient world to life. From a pure gameplay perspective, Rome 2 will keep you entertained for long enough for it to have been worth the purchase. You'll leave it alone for a while after that, and keep coming back every few months and saying hello to your beloved empire again. A bit more of a dedicated and lasting game than a big 30 hour explosion of story and then nothing.7/10 on a bad day. 8/10 when nostalgia and mods make the game otherwise perfect."
,Not Recommended,214950,8251584,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,I'm still on Eastern time,"If you feel the urge to buy this.Don't, just buy Shogun 2 and watch some Gladiator and Benhur.Battles are broken. They wanted to make it some sort of Dota/Starcraft thing.Strategic map is broken.Oh yeah, AI is also bad and bunches of people still have crash bugs.Empire is more fun than this. Yeah, Empire!"
76561198077253923,Not Recommended,214950,9670907,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,BigWilly,"This game is not as fun as Rome 1 and trying to make it better with DLCs just pisses me off. Give us the full game upfront, and add the fetures you ""streamlined"" from the diplomacy aspect of the game back. Sincerly yours, an angry customer who now has lost $50"
76561198029705243,Not Recommended,214950,12822962,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,walkersam51,"Do not recommend this game. Was really excited to play this as I am a huge fan of the total war series. Game kept crashing after I ended the first turn. If a game has this kind of garbage going on when I paid $60, it is definitely not worth it!"
76561198014007168,Not Recommended,214950,7780512,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Equneora,"Honestly the game is not like previous total wars, they have cut a lot of features that have been in the game since the original shogun in some cases, battles last 5 mins on average and really just isnt great, definately not a recommendation."
76561198015039506,Not Recommended,214950,13276436,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The 5th Talon,"From an avid Total War series fan... Creative Assembly missed the mark with this one!  It is a more polished game than the original Rome, but essentially the same game.  It is a good game if you like single player campaigns, but multiplayer is where it is at.  The battle mechanics are lacking in my opinion.  CA took 10 steps backards from Shogun 2 (vanilla).   I would not recommend this game; very disappointed with my $60 purchase!  I am hopeful that CA gets it right on the next one!"
76561198013691901,Not Recommended,214950,11988033,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,nikofinman,"After the multiple patches this game is apparently finally in a playable state. however, i lost my will to play a long time before that. you could blame me on that and tell me how well the game works now. yeah, that might be, but i still get no joy out of the game. it appeals with its graphics and animations; its arcadyness. but offers no satisfaction for a longtime TW fan. it just doesnt have the same feeling to it.where the older TW's used to be kind of simplified in the sense of graphics and interface, they still offered really complex tactical choices rome 2 seems to be the complete other way around. you need to actually learn when to click all the damn special buttons and it just feels like the game limits you too much.before you could choose how to play the game, in this case, the game decides how it is to be played."
,Recommended,214950,16567108,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Septim!,بأختصار أفضل لعبه استراتيجية لكن مو بالسلسله كامله
76561198126538380,Recommended,214950,13007431,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Suvorov,"I mean it's decent, pretty good, very good, nearly a masterpiece...but chariots suck ****. Some units are broken, some are very well balanced. The multiplayer is kinda f***ed up sometimes, the campaign is either too easy or incomprehensibly hard. This game was terrible at launch, now it's good and has minimal bugs although some are uite shocking. Some mechanincs don't make sense.If you are an Rts fan and you love warfare this is a great game for you (just wait for sales), just beware of some f***ed up mechanics.Enjoy"
,Recommended,214950,31708049,Posted: 12 May,all,UMR (UmaruChan),BEST STRATEGY GAME EVER!
76561198002511124,Not Recommended,214950,28456638,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Talv,"The AI was completely busted when the game launched as well as just moronic strategic limitations. For example:Huge army that could utterly crush an enemy city enters that citie's zone of influence but can't attack yet.... next turn you decide you want to manuever the army somewhere else, but nope, you can't retreat until after you attempt to attack the city at least once.... because you entered within half a turns movement range of them? So you have to waste a whole turn moving into range then retreating abck to the edge of the zone....Next, the battle AI is just awful... like... 1996 awful. I think Bowser at the end of super mario world was less predictable and made better decisions.I loaded it up because I saw that recent reviews were for the positive and I thought they fixed it. But afraid not, I scooped up my army on my first turn, immediatly marched on my neighbor, and purely due to inept AI I was able to defeat a MUCH larger force without any unit even going belowe half manning."
,Recommended,214950,16824131,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Farsken,"Note:  I've only played singel player campaigns. (grand campaign and DLCs campaigns). A playthrough can take weeks.When it comes to strategy games I like it to be a kind of ""simulation of history"" and not just like a board game where everyone has as goal to conquer each other. With other words, different factions has different goals. And ""TW: Rome II"" fits perfectly in to what I like.However the AI could have been better, in campaign map and especially in the battles. And I wish I could ""shut up"" the battle advisor, since he only screams out the obvious.If you like classical history, you should definitley get this game. But most of the DLCs (Culture Packs) should have been for free. And since they are not, I only recommend that you buy it on sale. Unless you are rich and don't care about wasting money."
,Recommended,214950,9591350,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Mebphis,"This game is bad. (Am I on the bandwagon yet?)In all seriousness this game has come a long way from its release, more than half of the problems have been fixed and the rest can be sorted out with mods. Someone asked me if I think it is time to buy this game yet, honestly if you're expecting to buy the best Total War game yet you might want to hold out for a little longer. On the other hand if you can deal with the occassional bug and don't mind installing a few mods like Radious or Divide et Impera, you can fashion yourself a really enjoyable experience from this game."
,Recommended,214950,23806498,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mecoolGAMER,awesooooooooooooome <3 i love it ^^
76561198019070908,Recommended,214950,9146239,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,[WOLF]Diplomatt,Its a good game. Bugs are pretty much fixed and its a satisfying addition to the series. Theres plenty of hours of gameplay to be had with various campaigns and multiplayer. Well worth buying in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,214950,8617650,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,D3,Just buy rome 1 gold with Roma Sur♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2 mod. SO. MUCH. BETTER.
76561198034503610,Not Recommended,214950,9228170,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Long Shawn Silver,"I want to believe there is a good game in here somewhere, but even after 9 patches, this game still feels like a beta test. Sieges in particular suck. Troops push ladders to the city walls then pivot them back and forth instead of climbing them while being shot to pieces. Naval battle suck. If you have a unit you would like to keep, don't put it on a boat, if an enemy ship touches one of yours, your ship will sink and the entire unit is destroied. I mistakenly thought my big boat could ram a small, already damaged boat and then lost my boat and the spearmen on it. A few times in naval battles, my ships get stuck going in a direction and will not stop for anything and the computer chases them down until everyone is pilled up into a corner of the map and no one can do anything and the battle must be conceded or wait until time runs out. The AI is awful and aspects of the campaign map sometimes do not work, like viewing your city or leveling up your agent. I love the setting but this game is just broken, I find going back to Shogun 2 to be more enjoyable."
76561198104345019,Recommended,214950,9297224,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,RagNarly,Much battleSo bloodMany destructionSuch war
76561197970412908,Not Recommended,214950,9829606,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Schultz,"Despite my love for the historic period of this game and the original Rome: Total War, this version is a far inferior product.  Subsequent patches have made it better, but it is still not anywhere near what it was made out to be before release or what it should have been.  Shogun 2: Total War, covering a period and area I don't care for, I believe is a far better thought out, implimented, and polished product.  How they could succeed so well and then fail so miserably is beyond me."
76561198006598803,Not Recommended,214950,10351882,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gooseman,"A game about Ancient Rome where you can't even build roads or walls. Terrible immersion, stripped features, poor optimization, broken sieges. A jumbled, incoherent mess and a shameless cash grab.If you want to play a TW game try one of the old ones. This is not your game.1/10"
76561198133890903,Recommended,214950,34407893,Posted: 21 August,all,Warr_Pale,Rome 2 is a really good game and I would recommend that you buy it on sale. I have barely experienced any major bugs so far but sometimes when one of your provincial capitals are under siege it lags like hell.
,Recommended,214950,32383378,Posted: 13 June,all,Ben-Horon,"This is game is VERY satisfying to play as Rome and really carve out an empire. The scope of this iteration of Total War is staggering, spanning all of Europe, parts of Asia, all of the Middle East, and North Africa.But seriously, ♥♥♥♥ you Carthage. Punic factions are for puny men"
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,214950,9293090,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SKINZ,"Take rome 1 and take a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.... now you have rome 2,Its not that bad, they done alot of things right but also they done so much wrong. Theres other TW games out there which are better and thats a sad thing because this game had so much promise. On release it was a buggy mess which they have patched to a large extent but like empire TW it tries to do too much and ends up falling over. Dont get me wrong its a fun game and theres lots of content which will keep you busy for a long time but i never really clicked with this title which is strange because i love the TW franchise. I cant recommend it as there are better TW titles available but still a decent game, Overall 7/10"
76561198107681153,Not Recommended,214950,10402158,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,50ShadesOfGandolfTheGrey,the game is a huge let down even though updates have made it better AI sucks and the graphics seem horrible shogun 2 was a 10/10 this is about a 4/10 they could have made it better. i wouldnt buy it unless its on sell for 10 bucks.
76561198002763579,Recommended,214950,7919788,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,=WW§= Spindel,"Well for starters people like to blame CA for its unpolished Rome II which is very fair but people forget to see the positives which make this game a potential gem, and that is that this game has a very solid base to build upon. Every patch is tweaking the game more and more getting slowly to that nice polish although that will still be some time away. From what it looks like so far it does not look like CA will stop patching it any time soon anyway so I am not worried. Aside from that another positive is the great modding ability of this game It has not been out more than 3 months and already it has mods that tweak almost every aspect. CA in this regard worked well with the modding community to get them access to the crucial files that affect that personlized finish we all enjoy so much. Also even though this game gets so much flak it is still hits steams top seller list so clearly the positves out weigh the bad this is one game that if well supported like it has been sofar(community active company) could live on for quite some time much like the orignal Total war : ROME did and still does to some degree."
76561198031498491,Not Recommended,214950,8264155,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Whosya,"Five patches later still a mess, Have played total war since the original Shogun, but no more after this mess. IF you accidentally hit the auto resolve battle even if the sides are 50-50, and you loss you army gets wiped out no survivors. The game is still full of bugs, I spent 3 hours attacking a city when the max time was meant to be 20 minutes, the game was stuck in mega slow motion even though it was in fast forward. The number of crashes is still real bad, this was the worse game I have every purchased by far."
,Recommended,214950,7997893,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,DaWaunTingIs,This Game is ADDICTING!
,Not Recommended,214950,8779053,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Manx,"After a stunningly atrocious release worthy of nothing short of derision and disgust, the game is still plagued by bugs and awful AI. Even managing to get past this due to my love of the series, I always feel like I'm waiting for fun to occur and it's always ""Just a turn or more away"" rather than actually there while I'm playing it."
,Not Recommended,214950,8990434,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,OjutaiN9ne,"Never seen a more shameful release, took 60 dollars that i will never get back and for what, a cutback on mechanics, shoddy battle physics....really 3 minutes for thousands of men to die in a massive battle that in the first rome would have taken at least a half an hour of ""ACTUAL"" tactical gameplay...and that sums it up right there, this is by no means a step forward in the genre, hell id say more of a step back. I love this series and have been hooked since i first played medieval and have devoted many years to careful planning and strategic play across the whole series but this.....this piece of ***** should never be placed beside the great titles that have been released in the past. I do appreciate a different take on the campaign map however but it was not fully realized. I miss the planning that came with the family tree and watching my generals develop..and the sadness at their losses and betrayals and that has been ripped wholely from the game... ugh this cannot be the total war that i have come to know and love. In fact I'd say that unless this is remedied in their very next release that creative assembly has lost my faith as a confident buyerReview update*After trying the game again after countless patches it now is up to snuff, i do give thanks to CA for patching this game out of the broken state it was in on release and it now feels more like a total war experience albeit a bit watered down from the original rome, It is now enjoyable thankfully after a couple years wait."
76561197970329460,Recommended,214950,394076,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Aeneas2020,"A vast sprawling epic game that succeeds more often than it stumbles. Although they have changed and streamlined a great deal from empire, napoleon and shogun the campaign can still feel bloated at time while actually feeling a little light on the micromanagement (there is often not much interesting to do mid campaign other than fight people). Aside from that the game feels a little rushed but recent patches have gone some way to remedy the bugs. Last but not least this title is total war at while it might not be total war at it's absolute best it is still a great game...oh and it's gorgeous, mostly! 8.9/10"
,Recommended,214950,7845970,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bunnyguy,"It's a great game, and I really like it. I'v been a big Total War fan since the original Rome, so this really surprised me when I bought it. The combat is top notch, delivering the big battles I have been dreaming for, and the campaign map is easy to use once you figure out what each button does. However, there are some problems. The graphics settings are slightly skewed. I don't have top of the lline computer specs, but the game can only run low graphics settings without lagging, which kind of defeats the purpose of a game promoted for the beauty and immersiveness of it when you see unrendered grass textures every battle and terrible soldier graphics. Despite this, the game is still enjoyable and playable. 4 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,214950,7867290,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kaadre,Keep on killing the Carthaginians.
76561198072479386,Recommended,214950,8048567,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Stank Tank,♥♥♥♥ yeah I reccomend it!
,Recommended,214950,7754115,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,"Bathory ""Bath Salts""","This game is for a certain breed of humans. You have to be intelligent to govern your domain and also lead your loyal followers into battle. You must be patient so you can conserve until you get through tough times and also spring the perfect blow to the opposing force. You need to be cunning as to engineer your future while also manuvering your troops in battle. Finally, you must be bloodthirsty, as enemies, friends, and followers will fall because of your choice. This game is not without its flaws, but the benefits outweigh the flaws. I give this game an 8.7 out of 10, because everything is yours to control."
76561198006722039,Recommended,214950,7931461,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Noodles.,love it
,Not Recommended,214950,10103072,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Sallzz,"Im a guy who always played the total war games, even before they came to steam. I have fu nwith strategy games and I have fu nwith challenges, as I´ve finish Rome II and Shogun II in legendary mode and finished the other ones with weak civilizations as a challenge. Shogun II legendary mode sucked hard, it wasnt a challenge, it was the PC cheating, it wasnt impossible.Rome II came, the legendary mode was pretty easy, but the game itself was GREAT, I loved it. so the team decided to change Rome II to look like Shogun II legendary mode, and well the fun was over, it is not about chalenges only... I saw myself winning 4 battles in a row having half the men my enemy had and I still couldnt advance in the game, because the computer somehow manage to procude 20 units per turn, having one region only, while I had 8-9. This is surely poor programming, the team cant make a balanced game, or they make it to much easy or almost impossible, I´ve still managed to beat it, but there is no fun on it, I just did it because I am a stubborn mtf ¬¬Im not complaining about you having to face 3 wars at a time and having to watch your back keeping half of your legions parked, guarding your frontiers.... but seriously, remove this stupid system where the computer manage to produce infiniste troops without having the proper fundings for it.oh yes, somehow you´ve also killed diplomacy, since it was good, not as good as it was in the other games, but now it is really really bad(I was about to curse it), inexistent... weird since there is diplomatic victory option in this game.regards,"
,Recommended,214950,23149754,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Conner,I recommend this game but only just. Too many problems for whatever reason. Decent game though. 7/10.
76561198011553502,Recommended,214950,28211984,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,pmswk45,"As a person who played Total War Rome, I think this game is pretty good too. The graphics are definitely better and the gameplay is pretty good too. Also the new province system is much better because it lets you manage the the little villages with the big city. People said the game was bad during the release but I think right now, the game is pretty descent."
76561198249663486,Recommended,214950,28922868,Posted: 1 January,all,DarkPenguin1010,its a very good gamebut chariots are a bit op
76561198085935850,Recommended,214950,16631194,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Σέλευκος Νικάτωρ,"One of my favourite TW games and i have waited so long to get it, yes the launch was awful but now it's one of the best games in the TW series"
76561198007551524,Recommended,214950,7849161,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[LG] Clever Sleazoid,"Awesome game. Could still be buggy, but still frigging awesome"
76561198023295088,Not Recommended,214950,8870683,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,james.wall92,"It is war but total lag. A huge delay on every action I command, with many not even excuted. Poor graphics as well, like the PS1 had the same detail as the soilders. Very, very angry with my purchase. £30 flushed down the toilet."
76561197989978598,Not Recommended,214950,16567033,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Warfingers,Rome Total War. 1000 hours.Rome II Total War. 38 hours.No need to explain.
76561198035697556,Recommended,214950,10507670,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Roofuss,"I really miss Medievel 2. It was one of the greatest games ever.. Rome 2 is pretty good, but it feels like its swapped gameplay and content for looking good.Saying that, Its still wonderful"
76561198039908010,Not Recommended,214950,10417679,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,[FCV] Guan Yu,"Good game, but not up to TW standards that Shogun 2 had set.Has some good new features, but lacks alot of others, the lack of avatar conquest being the biggest issue."
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,214950,25406682,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ravenscar,"Veteran total war gamer since Shogun, this is just a bloated mess of a game on so many levels. I've a masters in Roman history (I LOVE Roman history, the culture, the setting, the whole time period), and even that couldn't bring me to give a positive review. It just loses so much of the qualities that made Shogun 2 great. I have more hours in Rome 2 than Shogun, but have only once completed the grand campaign (compared to almost once every clan in Shogun). Why? well, my Athenian empire corrupted after x hours, my Britannia one did the same thing after conquering two thirds of the map, and... I just cant bring myself to invest the time again. There's no short campaign option, which, in my mind, really hurts the game. Battles are messy, albeit good looking, but the tactics are just pile on in and slug it out in a few minutes. Mods help, but I'm not reviewing the mods.All in all, Rome 2 was one of the games that sealed my stance of pre-ordering (along with Beyond Earth), that is to say - just don't. I won't even get into the DLC mess that has become of the most recent total war games, because it's just offensive to the player.As of writing this, I had reinstalled, played three hours, thought ""dear god, I can't be doing with this slow, grinding slug fest again"" and I'm uninstalling to go play other newer games. That or Shogun 2.... maybe just a little Shogun 2..."
76561198030980450,Recommended,214950,9469570,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Tallestdavid,My Favorite Total war Game.was trash.But now its the best in the series.Runs even better than Medieval II total war.now i hope someone makes a conversion of medieval era and a third or 1st age tolkien conversion!I am Tallestdavid and I approve this message.
76561198049885199,Recommended,214950,8194473,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sebp1616,"Great game, follows after the original"
,Recommended,214950,8056246,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,B-More Bro's Inc.,Great game if you have the computer to handle it
,Not Recommended,214950,8932612,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,theadamedge,"Don't buy this.. sluggish and slow combat, re-skinned and rehashed content and units...."
76561198007154374,Not Recommended,214950,8656858,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ohener,Months later naval battles are still completely broken. Throwing javelins were working okay at launch but were broken by one of the patches and still haven't been fixed months later.
,Recommended,214950,7850626,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,CrazyKipps,Stupid bloody flags! ruined the game for me
,Recommended,214950,7863147,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Eric Crest,Great game!
76561198087262453,Recommended,214950,8035039,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BOT Enzo,love this game
,Recommended,214950,7990083,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Massive Alpha,"Only if it was released after all these patches...the long time fans wouldn't so negatively critisize it. After years of amazing creativity, I still give CA props for continuing to make a series like no other."
76561198008634611,Recommended,214950,10140956,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Tamme,awesome game!
76561198148058445,Not Recommended,214950,33436139,Posted: 10 July,all,FlyingMushroom,"Big lover of the previous Rome and especially Medieval 2.The good:- Smarter AI, much more challenging and fun to play against in battle- a lot more factions to play against- MUCH better diplomacy systemThe Bad:- you can only play a hand full of factions without paying extra- weird controls (left clicking selects and moves them now which leads to lots of accidents, while right clicking still moves them....)- agentsBy far the worst thing about this game are the agents. They are ridiculously cheap and broken beyond reasoning. Agents actually block the movement of armies now. I had a city being besieged by an army of 600, so I sent my army of almost 2000 to stop them, but I got boxed in by two agents... Yes, an army of almost 2000 which came back from a campaign of killing hordes of hoplites and elephants got trapped against my own city walls by two screaming guys in leopard suits. Despite being pressed up against my own walls, I couldn't attack the besieging army because they were a few steps too far away, so instead I had to watch the dominatrix duo splash fairy dust at my army and utterly destroy my numbers every turn because of course two yelling men can pin down 2000 well armed soldiers...The worst part of this is that this was an intentional design decision..."
,Recommended,214950,29369635,Posted: 19 January,all,URPANTS,"Amazing, yes this game gets a lot of grief, but in terms of fun and cost/hours played, you will definitely get your moneys worth."
76561198019655911,Not Recommended,214950,11960222,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,MightyMeegosh,"Total War: Rome 2 was released a year ago tomorrow, and it is still broken.I'm a huge Total War fan. I've played every Total War game to date. Most I have logged hundreds of hours into with no regrets, until today.I was nearly half way through a promising new Macedonian grand campaign, when my controlled Athens fell under siege. It was a big surprise attack with massive game changing consequences on the line. The enemy brought several full army’s for a beach landing invasion of my Greek city. I had a full garrison complement and a veteran army to defend the city. It was sure to be a bloody, glorious day, win or lose. About 10 minutes into the battle the game started to stutter. A known problem since the games launch. It wasn't as bad as I had seen in before so I tried to play through it. The games stuttering increased the more I played. Like struggling in quicksand, it only got worse. Since the stuttering was also slowing down in game time, I had been playing this single battle for well over an hour. And it wasn't enjoyable one bit. My only option left was to quit the game. Which I did. But after seeing this game breaking bug/flaw one to many times. I decided to uninstall the game for good.This is just the straw that broke the camels back. There were countless glitches and flaws in this game that made it a broken and/or bad game. I know that such glitches have plagued the Total War series since its inception, but they never ruined the experience quite like this before.Total War: Rome 2 is a truly shameful display."
76561198024255588,Not Recommended,214950,9736237,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,[Pvt] J.Scharwath [PTF],This game has to be updated.
76561197972258122,Not Recommended,214950,12386036,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Ma33a,"So I have a bit more time with this game, and after the Emperor edition I was once again hooked. Right up until it failed to load. I would get right up to the main page but none of the options would appear, it seems they are stuck loading just out of the screen. I have tried each and every one of the options presented by Steam to fix the problem, including 2x clean installs to no avail.I am disappointed in the lack of support that seems to exist to fix the problem, it is obvious from the comments being posted that the game has some serious flaws that need patching rather than having players unpick the problems in the background.I can no longer recommend this game until Steam/ Saga, or whoever fix the background issues preventing people from playing it."
,Not Recommended,214950,9329259,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Dango,My biggest worry is that CA thinks they released a good game.
,Recommended,214950,7814549,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,rant,worst purchase of my life next to SWTOR
76561198003355102,Not Recommended,214950,8850337,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Uvall,JUST A TOTAL LETDOWN
76561198020742935,Not Recommended,214950,8928947,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Cointoss,awful. ruined it. they dont care.
,Recommended,214950,7745469,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Samio,"Total War Rome II at launch was one of the biggest disasters in Total War history, next to Darth, maker of famous mods like Darthmod, leaving. However, given time, it has become one of my favorite games. This is in part due to the fact that I have modded the game extensively. Should you play the vanilla game? Yes, but only really if you have just started to play the game, and want to know how to actually get around the menus and such. To get the full enjoyment, however, play some of the mods from the Steam Workshop. Examples of good starter mods, in order of importance:1. All Factions Playable: Direly needed if you want options and more of a non-linear experience.2. Radious Total War: This mod helps with a number of issues, including balance, AI, recruitment, etc. You can also get the seperate packs of Radious Total War to help you out. Depending on your preference, the DuB series of mods may also be fun, if a bit challenging. Be sure to check out their collection!3. Traits Talents and Toadies: Not sure when they are going to make it compatible with the latest patch, but this mod adds a trait tree and makes character development much more fun and adds many ancillaries.4. Blood & Gore Pack: While a DLC and not a mod, I personally very much enjoy the extra bit of cinematics. If you have extra steam wallet money, get this, otherwise there's no rush.Overall, I'd rate Total War Rome II now as a marked improvement. Do get."
,Recommended,214950,7756496,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Chaz,"The game had a rocky start however, after 7 enourmous patches the game is starting to show how it was meant to be played. In it's current state I'd highly reccomend it. Overall it's a pretty broad improvement on Shogun 2's mechanics and if you get the Blood DLC it makes some pretty intense, dramatic effect ridden battles that you can enjoy in crisp, beautiful graphics. Pair it with a few mods and I'd give it a 8/10."
,Not Recommended,214950,13108162,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[HL] Tav,pile of wank
,Not Recommended,214950,9416065,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Bluehawk,Oh boy... oooooh boy. Boy oh boy. Oi yoy oi.
76561198009610619,Not Recommended,214950,12410770,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Langdelliooo,"Worst total war game in the history of this series!Upon first release the game was an embarrassment, paying £50 for a game that couldn't even be considered in it's Alpha phase it was that poor. When following patches were released, it made the game somewhat playable but still with thousands of issues. Now with the latest patch that has just been released the game is reverting back to being just as unplayable as the first release. I have a PC which can run any game on the highest settings... you name it, Battlefield 4, Diablo 3 the list goes on. But for some reason... Rome two still has horrible FPS on the lowest settings when there is just a small amount of rain!Here's an idea CA, get your pile of crap game playable before you look at releasing your next project 'Attila', Which I can guarantee will be just as terrible of a game. You are loosing fans and fast CA... Get a grip of your idle company!!!FIX THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,214950,8596327,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Trakko,"Rome, tell men to do something... and watch them do something else."
,Recommended,214950,28252558,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Tobey,"Roman Bias is so large that charging Shock cav into the Roman infantryBut besides that Rome always winsId give it a, fall of Rome / Empire"
76561198083670164,Not Recommended,214950,18847935,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,cabbage and potatoes,There is no mod which can make this utter piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥playable.
76561198035806925,Recommended,214950,32179061,Posted: 4 June,all,Mohaamd_7,Never gets old.
76561198069101240,Not Recommended,214950,17348648,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Mollywhop,great game unless your trying to do anything with your friends... if your buddy has 1 dlc and you dont you get incompatible vertions and it doesnt let you play with them its seriously the dumbest thing in the game and it really ruins it i dont recomend buying this game if you plan on playing with friends. if you do want to play with friends make sure you have another 60 dollars to waste on dlc that isnt even that good cause all they want is your money. they even want money for you to buy units that should already be in the game bu they were to lazy to put in in the first place 1/10 IGN
,Not Recommended,214950,7877232,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kilalik,"I'm not gonna repeat the same thing that people said here and i agree with them on the bad reviews.What cities of the past didn't have walls? I know its a game at least keep it as close to reality as much as possible. THe Avatar MOde would of saved this game, thats what made Shogun 2. 1 step forward with Shogun 10 back with Rome 2. Bigger map and better graphics don't matter as much anymore CA. Make a huge update where you fix this game."
,Not Recommended,214950,24835643,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,zenyi-chan ~~,"I'd heard this game was fixed since its disastrous launch so I decided to give it a try.Conclusion: shouldn't have given it a try.By far the biggest issue with this game is how absurdly easy it is, combat especially so (all of the following are my experiences from playing on Legendary difficulty). You can beat a force that has four times your numbers with next to no strategizing. Want to win every fight? Here's how. Take the high ground with your general and melee troops. Send your skirmishers and archers to shoot at the enemy. The enemy will probably stand there and take the punishment, letting you crush their morale and take out a sizable chunk of their army. On the off chance they attack your skirmishers, don't fret. Just walk back to your hill. The one unit they send (they only ever send one unit) will follow the skirmishers indefinitely, including into a wall of spears.If they send cavalry after your skirmishers, fear not: cavalry love charging into pikes. Put a pike or spear near an AI cavalry unit and they'll ram into it like a bull into a red cape.Besieging a city? Don't bother. Disband some of your troops from your army so that the AI gets confident and let them sally out to attack. Then proceed to do the above. After the entire garrison is dead, just autoresolve the siege and boom, you took a city with less than 200 casualties.Don't even get me started on the abomination that is naval battle.It's disgraceful that a real time strategy game requires so little strategy. AI is the most important part of these games, period. For some reason it was put on the backburner for Rome II.Next up, the tech tree. Awful. The tech times are so ludicrously slow that you'll have conquered over half the continent by the time you build your first Tier III building.Gold? Don't worry about it. After 10 or so turns you'll be making more than you know what to do with, unless you start out as Rome, where you have more gold than you'll ever need at turn 1.Diplomacy is better than Civilization V, but that isn't saying much.To wrap up: at first its fun to crush your enemies, but you'll find yourself thirsting for a challenge that will never come."
76561198121216302,Recommended,214950,22738779,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Pirate Joans,"Conquerer of 86 tribes, i am caesar."
76561198072493084,Recommended,214950,12731425,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Bender B Rodriguez,"Never before have a played a game that so thoroughly quenches my thirst to conquer the known word.  Vanilla Rome 2 is very fun, building your empire from shortly after Alexander's death as whatever ancient civilization you choose.  I like the Seubi and Egypt and man do i love killing Gauls.  Not to mention creative eassemblies ability to match history spot on, except for a few minor tweaks which are necessary to the game.  It is true when this game came out it was painful, but now it is as glorious as real RTSes can be.  Lastly i would reccomend the Radious mods that add units, Vanilla is fun but i very much enjoy the vareity his mods add."
,Recommended,214950,12442393,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Eskimo Joe,Well its pretty fun taking over the world as rome so thumbs up!!
76561198042060686,Recommended,214950,7921009,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vicious,"Ok so after logging 280 hours with Rome II I think I can offer a pretty fair assessment of the game. Also, let me preface this review by saying that I also own and have put at least 100 hours into every other TW game since the first Shogun, so I have a good understanding of the TW series as a whole. Additionally, I am a trained Roman Historian who genuinely ejoys playing these games for thier historical grounding as well as their place in the RTS genre.First of all I will post my system specs so no one can later claim that I have a supercomputer that doesn't accurately represent a decent and imminently obtainable gaming PC.Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3770K CPU @ 3.50GHz8.00 GB RAMAMD Radeon HD 7800 Series5863 MB Total available graphics memoryNow on to the review. I have played this game since day one and I have to say that I have encountered only THREE game breaking bugs since. I know I may be in the minority here but please hear me out if you are on the fence about trying out the game because of bugs. The first was a horredously slow turn time that eventually nearly ground to a total halt. This has since been fixed and no turn even in the +300 turn games I've played lasts any longer than 30-45 seconds. The second was some horrible pathing issues when it came to barbarian siege battles - the units became stuck in the gates and would start walking into the ground. As of 12/4/13 this has been fixed and I have not encountered a single instance of it happening in my current playthough. Lastly - and this one still occurs about 5% of the time - when starting a battle map battle if it is raining and I'm the attacker the FPS drops to virtually nothing and I have to restart. However - THIS IS THE ONLY bug I still have after CA's patches. So to say that the game is totally unplayable due to bugs is not accurate. While somepeople may be finding the game still unplayable I assure you that with a half decent machine you can run TW Rome II with little to no issues. My brother and best friend also own and play Rome II reguarly in co-op and single player and have no issues.In terms of gameplay I find this to be by far the most polished of the TW series. The diplomacy, while laughable at times, is far more HELPFUL than it has been in other TW games. E.g. Shogun 2's preposterous diplomacy system where even trade rights couldn't be extracted from legendary opponents if you controlled 9/10ths of the map, offered stupendous bribes, and were of the same faction. I have found that Rome 2's AI will wait until you are a power to be reckoned with before they will begin to consider any of your overtures - which I think makes perfect sense. Weaker factions on your borders seek diplomatic avenues before randomly engaging you and (at least in legendary mode) I have found that the ability to at least temporarily neutralize otherwise indefensible portions of your empire to be tremendously useful. Does the AI randomly ask for idiotic sums for seemingly trivial things? Yes. However, they can usually be negotiated down or offered something that IS useful in return. Also you can always tell them to ♥♥♥♥ off. To anyone who has played ANY TW game ever this behavior from the AI cannot come as any sort of a shock. At least you can realisitcally turn it to your advantage in Rome II.Morale - I have had absolutely none of the issues with morale so far in this TW game that other people seem to be having. Roman heavy infantry and cavalry units tend to fight until they are utterly, or near utterly, destroyed in my experience. As do the elite or ""professional"" units of other factions. Barbarian units less so - but this shouldn't be surprising - historically most of Rome's enemies fielded masses of non-professional soldiers that tended to turn tail and run the moment the battle was going against them. It is a well known fact that most of the casualties of ancient combat occurred during the rout rather than the battle. Yes, I understand that this is a game but don't expect your spear levies to stand up to professional soldiers for long and then cry foul when they get slaughtered. I will however agree that the auto calc feature has always made some decidedly suspect decisions about how it decides the outcome of battles. Especially when it comes to cavalry, which always seem to get decimated in auto-resovle situations.I am a huge fan of the armies being able to transport themselves without the need for an escorting fleet. It saves you from the uncessary expenditure early on but also heightens the risk of doing so as transports will easily get trounced by real warships. The sea battles could use some work but I can't much imagine how you'd improve on what is essentially an age of translating combat on land to combat at sea. Ramming and boarding where pretty much it when it came to Roman-era sea battles.Graphically the game is gorgeous, and the scale is truly a joy when it comes to those of us who like to take our time and expand from a tiny starting point to the vast edges of the game map. CA's patches have made significant steps in reducing the turn time and improving unit pathing and balance. Could they have done this before they launched the game? Yes, but in an age of early launches *cough* betafield 4 *cough* it isn't surprising. Is Rome 2 perfect? No. But it is truly a fantastic amount of fun and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed any of the TW games or is interested in something that is part chess, part RTS, and part history book.Thanks for reading and I hope this helps!"
76561198076477406,Recommended,214950,12558663,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Chickfula1,An acceptable game.You need a good computer to run it though and the DLC is kinda sad
76561198023912711,Not Recommended,214950,9099817,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Schlomo Shekelstein,Do you like total war? Then stay the hell away from this game. Even at 50% off!
76561198049730084,Not Recommended,214950,9303029,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Fagatron 7000,Worst Total War game ever! i have never played a worse total war game it is ludicrus it is safe to say you have taken a huge dump on your game series with this pile of rubbish i could get more ammusement out of a turnip. Then there is the DLC's i didnt realise rome total war was part of EA but it must be the amount of content you morons took out of it so you could get a couple of extra quid. thus giving you a pletora of bad reveiws (quite right fully). The irony of it all is if you had left the content in the game there was real potential but instead you where just money grabbing scum and to be frank i will not be buying any more total war games for a while.I fail to see how on earth you think it is just making people pay £10 so you can add blood to the game what the F**K!! its a war game there should already be blood in. You also decided to put all of the faction in the game but make onyl about 7 playable to be frank it is shoking and disrespectful to your most now EX-FANS i have taken a dump with more content than this base game has. just F*****g sort it out there is no excuse for how much of a poor job you have done.
76561198063086037,Not Recommended,214950,13301374,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Lord Stormaggedon,"Unplayable. I love the total war franchise, but this is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shougun two was fnally what Creative assembly needed. Two full steps striving foward into the future, then Rome II comes along with a sweeping three steps back. At the highest possible grapihcs setting with a gtx 980 this game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ The AI at higher difficulties is broken in the sense that it just runs around in circles unless you are charging straight foward. The new capture mechanic is also extremely cheap and not historicaly accurate at all. I despise that this game has so horribly tarnished the total war franchse. Hopefully the next title will be better."
76561198034790357,Recommended,214950,22019035,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,roi.young,it took a while for them to fix the game and then they want you to pay for the dlc that should have been in the game
76561198116957565,Recommended,214950,9700616,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Phil,Great game but needs to fix bugs and lag probs :D
76561198027779676,Not Recommended,214950,30303882,Posted: 3 March,all,Belisarius,"Since the early days of the beloved Shogun series, TW has evolved in this weird predictable, micromanager-oiented, nonesensical AI decisions and unrealistic, non-historic game attributes. You can have the best army but be overwhelmed by mysterious AI waves and waves of opponents; the AI predictability and developpment formula are the same old outdated silly programming. Even with ocasional bursts of infinite funds, just to see, the game becomes a predictable, boring thing where yo build armies but must withdraw as they weaken, waves after waves of enemy armies (even on normal and easy Game Settings), POOR POOR historical representation of ancient warfare and mobility (no way you could move half a continent in a season, or to reinforce a narrow pass with forts) and all sorts of boring boring boring Total War repackaging. Right now EA is simply riding the name popularity and milking the fan base.Oh, and diplomacy is nil in these games. There must be different teams working the Shogun series vs Europe, as the Europe disasters (Empire, Napoleon, Rome 2) are not playable, vs Shogun 2 on which I have 600 hrs."
,Not Recommended,214950,9649214,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Johnbeck78,"Definitely not worth 60 dollars, and one of the few purchases I really regret through steam.  Looks like they finally finished the game with the latest patch."
76561198109844464,Recommended,214950,10575439,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KinglerKingpin,"I'm currently in love with this game. So far over 100 hours in and the fun never stops. I do think the DLCs are a little pricy, ($7 just to add 2-4 extra factions, really?) but you can always wait til they're on sale to get them. The modding community has done an excellent job with creating even more content if you get bored of the vanilla version, and new content is always being created. I highly recommend this game to any RTS player."
76561198086971801,Recommended,214950,10436496,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Bush2438,It lags and gets 0 fps but it is a great game.
76561198018083229,Recommended,214950,10473596,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Captain Zesty,"This game is a study in unrealied potential.  The campaign map feels way too constricted, like a network of hallways rather than open continents.  When last I played, combat was unbalanced in that ranged units could EASILY dominate the battlefield without the employment of much strategy.  I don't think the newer features were introduced particularly well.That said, this is still a good game (when it doesn't crash on me).  The moment to moment gameplay is fun and it really makes me sad that the game didn't sink it's hooks into me more deeply.  I played for a few weeks, and have only gone back to it a couple times since.  I wanted this game so badly, and I think I probably fell victim to my excpectations."
76561198008188250,Recommended,214950,10474218,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,RIckety Crickety,"Seriously, Collective Assembly, what in the hell are you doing releasing a game that is this incomplete and buggy?"
76561197967759452,Not Recommended,214950,9273525,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,GOOD WILL RIKERING,"Most disappointing game of 2013 and, looks to be, the end of the Total War legacy.  The staff of CA who made these games great back in the day is gone and the people who took over have delivered the worst Total War game to date.  I own every Total War game prior to this, and will never purchase another one based off my disgust for this title.  10 patches and 6 months later and it's still garbage."
76561198003203167,Recommended,214950,9993283,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Plissken3,"Even though the game has bugs & needs to be updated frequently - I love this game - it is nothing like I have ever played, the joy of following your units into battle & overcoming a vast enemy force is still as gratifying as Rome 1, but the graphics & gameplay is so realistic.The introduction of combined naval & land units in battles is completely new & really as it should be - attacking a city with your land & naval forces is a completely new experience.I am shocked & amazed that this level of depth could be accomplished in a mere video game. If anyone loves strategy as much as me, you will not be dissapointed - AWESOME!!!I have played all the Total war games- & this one is by far the best - I can't stress this enough - you don't need a Awesome RIG to play this game, just a a good speedy computer, that is recommended - rather than beefed up with great graphics, CPU speed is essential - I have a 3.5 ghz Cpu so at least a 3.0 ghz I think - other than that it's trial & error but if you're RIG is good enough to at least play recommended settings - it should all be GRAVY - WHEN IT'S RUNNING GREAT - WHAT A GAME!!!I Totally Recommend - One of the best games I have ever played"
76561198054542665,Not Recommended,214950,7501905,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Hey-Mish,Just get rome total war 1...
,Not Recommended,214950,9085605,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,BRITISHGAMER,"In many ways it is one of the best games i have played, excellent graphics, huge campaign map, many different factions and of course awesome land and sea battles.in many other ways rome II is also incerdibly frustrating and dissapointing, the lack of any sort of family tree makes you have no idea when you will get your next general, the idea of faction politics is (while a great idea) practically pointless as there is really very little politics to do. diplomacy is broken or at least lacks many aspects of ancient diplomacy, many nations hate you at the start of the game and it is incredibly hard to actually change that, you can get the entire world to declare war on you very easily and this simply makes the game boering and irritating. also the lack of many features from rome I makes the game simply annoying, the lack of a family tree (as i explained above), the lack of the ability to tax cities individually, many diplomatic and political aspects of rome 1 were not in rome 2.overall rome 2 is a book with an amazing cover and lots of pretty pictures but very little content and a poor story. the game still needs loads of work just to make the game playable and unfortunately its developers are not willing to give that away for free. The total war group should concentrate less on adding new units to mask the games issues and actually listen to the fans. if you enjoyed Rome 1 stick with that, rome 2 is a HUGE dissapointment."
76561198004004023,Recommended,214950,9713694,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,yu-gi-master,"good strategi, grate grafiks, lots of fun, though faar from perfekt."
,Recommended,214950,9983264,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Doragonbein,Love dis.
,Not Recommended,214950,9158166,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Frankazoid,"Most dissapointing game of last year. Won't ever preorder from CA again. Personally I feel the company has had a downward spiral ever since Medieval Total War 2, although I feel the last Rome game was when CA really peaked."
,Recommended,214950,10835517,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bear Nasty,Killed barbarians and much fun was had. 10/10 would recommend.
76561198011574999,Not Recommended,214950,11184436,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,VonAzbeater,"The game is an amazing step forward in the total war series. It combines simplicity of management with the complex command decisions of the battlefield. After all I play the game for the strategy not to micro manage my city. The use of agents has added a layer of depth to the armies. A spy can stop enemy progression which can mean less reinforcements for the enemy to defend with. HOWEVER, there is one MAJOR oversite that makes this game hard to love. There is a matter of the game crashing, and I mean a full blue screen reboot for your computer. I'm sure that if the patches continue (12+) there will be a solution, but until then I would hold back on purchasing this at $60.   When the game does work it is a 9.0/10"
76561198030574713,Recommended,214950,7663746,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,DaN,O melhor game de estratégia que existe para PC.
76561198063334596,Recommended,214950,11859010,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,jambob999,"I absolutely love this game! The first Total War game I played was Rome Total War, And to date I have played over 400 hours of it on its disc! Personally I didnt like Total War Napoleon or Empire Total War, just because I felt the guns kinda removed the strategy that I love about Total War, and whenever I want to play a gun-game strategy game I always head over to Men Of War.I personally didnt buy this game on pre-release, I left it a while and decieded to wait a bit for the price to drop and to actually go through with buying the game! Also due to all the reviews of crashing and serious ingame bugs I really got put off! But onec I got notified that this game was on sale I decieded to give it a go! As soon as I bought this game I put a thrilling 120 hours into it! Anyway on with the review!This game has exellent graphics on full settings! Allowing you to become fully immersed into the game! This game is full of content allowing you to rigourasly play this game out! An incredible ammount of factions you are allowed to lead!Diplomatic penalties and bonuses due to your actions! Massive game map! I personally havent completed this game still!I have no complaints about this game apart from that once you've started a game with mods you cannot actually play that game without that selected mod and it will crash everytime its starts to load! ;(Sorry This Review Is Incomplete! I just cant wait to lead Rome to glory!For Roma!-jambob999"
76561198044415900,Recommended,214950,9149208,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Compared to Shogun 2 it is alot better.It might have started bad,but its doing well now. If you get this game modding it is alot funner."
76561198086372873,Recommended,214950,9312509,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,dzucker0123,epic
76561198046793368,Recommended,214950,10123021,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Billski,"Visual eye-candy from start to finish!!! Anything you could possibly dream about happening during this era, happens. As long as your graphics card can handle it, you will absolutely fall in love with this turn based/real time strategy game."
76561198000222448,Not Recommended,214950,8086052,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Dual_Cored,"The main problem with Rome 2 is the amount of stripped features compared to it's predecessors. Rome 1 was a legitimate work of art. The music of Jeff Van Dyck was absolutely superb, from the relaxful melody on the campaign map to the perfectly flowing battle maps. Rome 2? No Van Dyck and the musical score is largely forgettable. This cannot be understated. After a decade, you would think CA would have made great strides in the AI department. Not so, as the campaign AI has a fondness for abandoning it's provinces and sailing into nowhere. The seige AI is completely brain dead and needs work. The battles between units turn into hard to distinguish blobs, and formations fall apart. Finally, all immersion has been swept from the game. Anyone who is intersted in history knows that this is a fascinating time period. There are no interesting events or characters with an integrated family tree. Nothing. A huge dropped ball. The game does however look really good at times, and the battle AI is capabable of putting up a fight. Also, the province system is a step up from the old. There's a good game under the hood here, CA just has to give the modders the tools they need come January (modding summit). Hold off till then."
76561198037284389,Recommended,214950,8635584,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Steven,Good but the main problam is ...
,Recommended,214950,8689067,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,wryly,"Will always be a fan. Despite some (actually a lot of patches needed), one of the better RTS games on the market! If you are into RTS - Try it out!"
,Recommended,214950,8690366,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Dr. Roberts,"Love this game, a couple of bugs that still need fixing, but other than that I am still addicted to it.  Awesome campaign, though sometimes you find yourself clicking the turn button multiple times because nothing interesting is happening.  Awesome campaign features, and the Co-Op is wonderful. The rest you can find out for yourself.  Enjoy the game or..or..don't."
76561198020976393,Recommended,214950,8698584,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ThorDaddy,Great replay value!
,Recommended,214950,8700885,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ninjafett,"For all of you out there contemplating the purchase of this game, be warned: you will loose hours of your life to the miniaturized violence. But seriously it's all the joys of ancient times, with none of the risk of actually being murdered."
,Recommended,214950,8702219,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,CptGoodar,"One hell of a good game, really worth your money."
76561198028121728,Not Recommended,214950,8103319,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,RunfromChron,why did i buy this???
,Recommended,214950,30460684,Posted: 11 March,all,cL3mY,"One of the best TW games to play. really immersive and detailed. To conquer is easy, to rule, it's a different issue. Must play !!"
76561198048570134,Recommended,214950,15016171,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jedi Tiger,This is the best game i ever had10/10
76561197982625967,Recommended,214950,15052003,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,felp,"Amazing game, the only bad thing is that DLC are too expensive, they should be more cheap, so maybe wait a sale to buy them"
76561198264008774,Recommended,214950,24039406,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,guy,pretty cool
,Recommended,214950,19197403,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ItsFrack,it alot of fun but should wait for it to go on sale
76561198263513233,Recommended,214950,20877967,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nykxl,"Love it but somethimes, there is a bug that does not allow me to use my keyboard in the game"
76561198003133354,Recommended,214950,20992671,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RtG,.
76561198357552278,Recommended,214950,28887112,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pencilninja,i love it!!!
,Recommended,214950,10691011,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Green Bear,"I am a big fan of the Total War series.  I started with the first ROME TOTAL WAR and haven't been disappointed yet.  ROME II definately brings a lot to the table in terms of depth and action, without sacrificing the flow of the game.  As someone who studied Ancient Rome and Greece in college, I was satisfied with how the ancient world was represented in this title."
76561198014802009,Not Recommended,214950,15076067,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Yggdrasil,"This is rly a mixed review but mostly negative therefore the thumbs downthe game got release in a broken state comepletely unplayable for most people, and the people that could play it (that includes me) spend hours dealing with gamebreaking bugs.in the current state (emporer edition) the game can pass and be enjoyed by a person that is not a huge fan of the older total war games like rome 1 and medieval 2. a past fan of the two other titals mentioned would have a lot of problems with the game mechanics and the overall gameplay, that includes me i shouldent have payed for this game and its DLC"
,Recommended,214950,16046728,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Space Viking,"Amazing always, some of my favorite games are Total War.  Great update to Rome.  Always wishing for better and better with this strategy game."
76561198062045636,Recommended,214950,9751311,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,wuzzup3212,"People are mean to this game. They have good reasons, but i like to look past them and see all its good witch there is a lot of."
,Not Recommended,214950,13513287,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Bobby.C,"Its an okay game. But CA (Creative Assembly) is an extremely greedy and lazy producer. Post Shogun II.It markets just like scumbag EA. Sends out a half finished game, and then makes you wait to patch over and over again. And then, it makes you buy DLC's like culture packs and blood and gore pack just to complete the game.I regret buying this half sodded game. I shall go back to Total War: Rome. Despite the lower graphics, it is FAR more enjoyable and COMPLETE.tl;dr>$30-50 game>Rome wasn't patched in a day>$2-15 DLC x8>Broken Warfare>Greedy Producers>EA runner-up"
76561198054120057,Not Recommended,214950,8417181,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Qane,A few words to describe Rome II:BrokenBuggyAlphaEmbezzelmentRip-OffSub-parInaccurate
76561198064914642,Recommended,214950,10845002,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vince Staples,"This game is pretty good. I like playing the Hellenistic nations, but the barbarian factions all blend together and thats unfortunate. The two main DLC's, Hannibal at the Gates and Caesar in Gaul are ok, but leave you wanting more. Ben told me to wait for when the game went on the 66% sale but at least I got it on the 50% sale. On a scale from Nick Cage to Danny Devito, Russell Crowe."
76561198137702041,Recommended,214950,10669703,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LEGENDARYstevo,Excelent game so far graphics are great gameplay great and for 14.99 who can complain your 100% getting your moneys worth.
76561198046115435,Recommended,214950,10640094,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FloatingSteel,dope
,Recommended,214950,10654320,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,hyperion *),"I bought Rome 2 november last year or so because of a friend, we played it for a few hours and then I didn't touch it for some months and even uninstalled it. In february this year I got incredible bored and began the campaign for the game and since then I am having a blast. It's my first Total War game in the series and I think it's totally awesome. Right now I have 84 hours on my account and the majority of that went all into the campaign, I am currently about 215 turns in, somewhere around 70 BC and my roman empire if flourishing."
76561198022727241,Recommended,214950,9771620,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,† BloodofaMartyr †,rome 2 total war is awesome i highly reccomend it to people that are looking for strategy games
76561197984408936,Recommended,214950,12593694,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Aborted Hero,Fantastic strategy game with awesome depth and an incredible array of playable civilisations. I liked it so much that i...accidentally spent 900 hours playing it.
,Recommended,214950,8867001,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,💋m0nsta!🌈,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ игра всем советую,если играете за рим-вы рак!!!228"
76561197999823273,Not Recommended,214950,8818508,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bananoman,"Still beta after 8 patches, it's not a Total War."
76561198040839351,Not Recommended,214950,8815268,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Kezz,"I don't know whats going on, the tw series used to be my favourite (rome I, medieval II, shougun II), but the most recent games (especially Rome II) have definetly made me change my mind. This game is so unbalanced, unpolished, things just don't work, and its soo god damn BORING. Here are some of the reasons:-1 year turns make it impossible to develop good characters (they just die of old age after a campaign).-Tiny AI armies running all over the place commiting suiside against larger forces.-Meaningless politics, AI factions will declare war for no reason, allies will NEVER help you.-Agents are pointless, too expensive and their actions have no significant effect over armies and cities.-AI is NEVER willing to negotiate peace, no matter how much you offer or how insignificant your war is.-Public order is broken, each time you capture a city (even if you are retaking one of your main cities you get a massive public order loss)-After capturing one of YOUR cities the AI can instantly use its garrison (the people loyal to you) against you.-All soldiers fight in unrealisctic and disorderly blobs which looks terrible and ruins the feel of a disciplined army.-You can no longer enable guard mode.-AI just pumps HUGE armies of skirmishes and levy's which result in countless dull battles.-Siege weapon shots are more accurate than modern day heat-seeking missiles.When rome II was announced my heart was filled with joy, FINALLY! I said to myself... A SEQUEL TO MY ALL TIME FAVOURITE GAME. After looking at the gameplay vids I coudldnt wait, I preordered it on steam. But after playing it for an hour, I couldnt take it anymore. I still came back to see if any of the new updates could improve something, but so far nothing has really changed. I still play Europa barbarorum (a great rom I mod), and I have a lot more fun than I could get off this game.Honestly, upgrading the graphics of Rome I, along winth some expanding and twealing of the original campaign map system would have left us with a much better game. I hope the new releases can bring back what the old games gave us, countless hours of fun, challenging wars and battles, a sense of purpose and a sense of progress in every decision we take."
76561198004224187,Not Recommended,214950,9773961,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Gamin LEEmur,"This game... I was excited for I pre ordered it even. The launch was fail but with updates, it has gotten better however, the bugs in units still exist. For example their ai units failing to land on ground or your units mucking about trying to climb a wall and not progressing... If you really want a good total war experience, shogun 2 is the way to go..."
76561198002797976,Recommended,214950,9256924,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Anemar,"Total War.  Rome.  Or Carthage.  Or Athens.  Or Baktria.  I mean, come on!  If you can't find an entertaining way to play this game, you need to go do some real life... yes you are that boring."
,Recommended,214950,13238309,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Valorian Endymion,"While the game original release was a mess, over time and with the Emperor edition, much have been improved. I mean, while campaign UI still really confusing (I often spend a lot of time trying to find where my armies are when starting a game) but performance (mostly turn speed) and other elements are much better. Still a very unique game in its style, specially the battles which are amazing to see.While you might want to pass in full price, during a sale - along with blood dlc and some campaigns it´s worth to try (better with mods)."
,Recommended,214950,8425737,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Holy Rood,"After the game went on deal, I looked past all the bad reviews and decided to get the game. I'm a Total War fan at heart. I heard of all the bugs that have happened in the game and haven't seen as much gameplay as I would before getting the game, but I jumped in to get the game anyway... It's actually okay!It's what I expected for a game from the Total War series, I haven't seen any of these massive bugs yet, and the game is pretty fun!If it's on deal, get it. It's worth.EDIT: Over a year later... they haven't fixed the a.i but it isn't full on broken. I'll stick with my choice."
76561198026912716,Not Recommended,214950,9682630,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Vux,"Minimal improvements over the original, tainted even more by the parasitic marketing. Removing parts of the game to then sell as DLC is pathetic, especially on release. I would not recommend this overpriced repackaged / recycled game.I purchased on a sale, and funnily enough they release another DLC pack as soon as the sale ends...."
76561197979691821,Recommended,214950,13022089,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,noT,"had many problems for being released before it was finished.. but still the best of its kind, total war is total war :)"
,Recommended,214950,14864294,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,214950,2441471,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,UncleDadMan,EH U HAV 18000000 UNITS LEFT AND WE ONLY GOT 3 BUT WE GOT UR POINT NOOOOOOOB!
76561198027478733,Not Recommended,214950,26123761,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Burnout,"The epitome of this game's failing is the fact that there is an option for a cultural victory in a game called ""total war"""
76561198077205816,Recommended,214950,12245834,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,cheddar_cheese,"I belive the people that claim this game is garbage are wrong.The developers had some balls to do real changes in the total war legacy, rather than changing the map and skins of the cpu`s and add some fancy fighting and graphics, they did a realy big overhaul and combined sea and land thus making the game (in my eyes) realy cool. Now you dont camp the flagspot at a big cittybattle and hope to win. You have to watch the city port, walls and posess more than one flagg.Yes the game has alot of ""pay to get""but alot of the players havent got a two day old 10grand computer.10/10"
,Recommended,214950,7898275,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DrOmni,Gr8
,Not Recommended,214950,7899339,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Innocent Kurisi,"Unfinished buggy mess. Exploiting the fan base with pre order incentives and flat out lies. All the more fool on me for doing so. Still a broken game after 7 patches, though less of a complete unplayable mess that launch was. Now they are trying to milk more money out of the customer. Avoid this game unless you have masochistic tendencies. This kind of behaviour is unacceptable out of a video game developer. Though argueably the mess up could be placed on SEGA's shoulders. They've been making terrible executive decisions for a while now across all the games they publish.No family tree or campaign cutscenes and the campaign/battlefield AI is thick as a brick. This game doesn't just feel like a massive step back from Shogun 2- it is one. The campaign just doesn't play well and the UI feels off with the new 'modern' look. Simplification that was not needed. The battle AI is thick as a brick to be polite and I am talking about the patched version. The battles are still far to quick and CA have pretty much said they aren't aiming to fix the major issues, just patch the game so it's playable.You are also limited to a certain amount of stacked armies. In a game about strategy and planning this really does dumb things down. Initially I thought it'd make for interesting scenarios but ultimately you end up limited in your logistical and tactical options and you can't help but feel the AI isn't up to the job of managing it's limited armies correctly. Many times even in recent patches have I seen armies made up of inappropriate units that my forces can utterly crush.With the announcement of the first addon campaign- 10 quid they want. I think some soul searching is in order. I gave this game a 0 on metacritic because at the time of release it was just broken and a broken game doesn't warrant a proper score. Now I'd give it a slightly fairer 1 or 2.  It shouldn't be a customers job to pine that 'they'll patch it eventually' it should be our expectation that we are buying a non broken product. I just hope people don't get suckered into getting it on a sale and realising later just what they are letting themselves in for.If you've money to spare check out Shogun 2 or one of the other previous Total War games. Perhaps Medieval 2 which was a very good game. Now that the hope that this game will ever be fixed is gone you should avoid it. The expectation of people was that the game would be more playable and 'fixed' to the fans expectations. That isn't going to happen. I can't comment on the multiplayer because that is completely broken for me and if anyone wants to accuse me of hating I'm not. I've played this game over 100 hours trying to enjoy it. There are good parts there somewhere. But too much digging through rubbish unfinishedness of it all to get there makes this really really not worth the effort."
76561198027805855,Recommended,214950,9648552,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,[KBH]MAP2098,"if you like stragety games and ancient history, then this game is for you. It was♥♥♥♥♥♥at first but then because of the patches it got alot better. Now you are able to immerse yourself into the game and have hours upon hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,214950,2503173,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Kalinka(☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞,Just watch this it explains it all...... i give this alpha build a 3/10 :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_QK-lcW8a8
,Recommended,214950,11496997,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,"I have fought across the sands of Egypt. I have lain seige to the great city of Carthage. I have marched through the vast forests of Lesser Gaul and Britannia. I have seen sons of Rome strung up onto high walls and disgraced. I have held back the hordes of savages, brought them to their knees and quelled many rebellions. This game is nothing short of amazing! If you are a fan Rome, or the era in which this game takes place then I higly recommend giving this game a chance! It had a bit of a rocky start, but what game hasn't? A lot of people still diss this game, but they haven't played since the first or second patch and still think their opinion matters XD it's on patch 14 now and it's utterly amazing. Honestly this is better than Shogun 2, I personally think it's one of the best strategy games out there. Legendary difficulty, Rome, very high graphics= much fun!"
76561198156842869,Recommended,214950,19330091,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jerry Z,If you want to conquer the whole world， this game will suitable for you～
,Not Recommended,214950,29255901,Posted: 14 January,all,Skylaser,"Now first things first os this game good and fun? Yesare the bugs patched and is the game stable? YesDid i feel conned in buying it? NoDo i like the total war series? YesSo why the thumbs down?Creative assembly makes amazing games no doubt about it but this new generation of dlc total war is rediculous you charge £30 for this game fair enough but then if you charge me for gore, unit packs, campaigns and factions that quite frankly should be in the base game is unacceptable i remember rome 1 which did have expansions but they were worth while barbarian invasion completly overhauled the game and alaxander offering a more focused in depth campaign.Should you buy this game? wait till its 25% of because if they are going to give you 3 quaters of the game only give them 3 quaters of the price but if you can't wait i'd honestly saving your money and buying rome 1 as that is an amazing FULL game for 1/3 of the price."
,Recommended,214950,11929906,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lord Diodotos,I don't have too many hours in the game. Seems fun.
76561197983452955,Not Recommended,214950,11961712,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ELMO,"I've been a Total War junkie since the first release. However I am not satisfied with the body of work that is Rome II. Thank god for the Stream community and the endless mods. I've had a blast with some of those campaign mods.  The new trend with DLC is on the rocks with Rome II. I've gone back to playing Shogun II. If only they would take the best mechanics and GUI from all previous releases and combine them into one new game it would be awesome. Alas each new generation of developers wants to start from scratch. Unfortunately most of the customers are older than the developer’s at this point in gamming history and it does tell. The pioneering days are over, developers would be wise to study the work of their predecessors. We customers do have expectations when it comes to a long running franchise."
76561198067845174,Recommended,214950,17465829,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ballistic Bill,Great game if your board as hell
,Not Recommended,214950,22213167,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Commie Slayer,Utter trash...
76561197970143059,Recommended,214950,13133756,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Comrade_Zer0,"Enough has been written about this game that odds are if you are reading this, you've already got a good idea of whats going on. Let me skip straight to the point. I loved TW:Medieval, TW:Rome, TW:Medieval2 and I wasn't even that ♥♥♥♥♥y about TW:Empire being a buggy disaster at first. TW:Shogun 2 on the other hand was a disaster that I couldn't stand. Pre-ordered and ended up putting in maybe 40 hours max, haven't installed it since, Total Waste of money IMHO.Now if you take into account my position, what I say about Rome 2 might be a bit more clear. Is it better than TW:Rome1? At launch it wasn't even on the map. It was down in Shogun land, and prone to crashing as well. Now, with all the patches, and the *right mods* I'd say its fought its way back onto the good side of the TW series. Its still watered down, and its still more about shiney helmets than actual gameplay, but with the year or so of modding and patching its a game worth playing. I'd rank it about even with TW:Empire, depending on the mods and how stable it seems to be at any given time. My view of the series is esstentially this: Rome > MTW2 > Rome2 = Empire >  a kick in the nuts > Shogun2.tl;dr: Used to be utter trash, essentially Romanized version of Shogun, now (with mods) its decent, but about as buggy as Empire was in its later iterations. Without mods its still buggy, but also un-fun. Avoid the overpriced DLC."
,Recommended,214950,13097406,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,zema,"Played this when it first came out, had to stop because of how broken it was, now it has been updated with a major addon, I have come back and enjoyed all time I have spent on the Emperor Edtion. Only in Rome!"
76561197966795632,Recommended,214950,10763213,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CrunchSack,"Not bad, not bad at all."
76561198003690399,Not Recommended,214950,11485383,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,patrick462,"Overall, kind of blah. I've tried to get excited about this game, being a fan of Rome Total War (I), but there's something missing with this."
76561198036442913,Recommended,214950,9043335,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,XxMaverickX,I dont know why this game gets alot of hate. I played it at my friends house loved it came home and bought it. Its the perfect mix of strategy and action. I could have 1000 men and vs 5000 and depending on the terrain and units i could end up winning. It allows you to control the fate of battle. Great game 10/10
76561197999379421,Recommended,214950,12221259,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,NijAAlba,"After the update to the Emperor's Edition I played some Rome II again and I have to say: Hell, is that game fun now. Not having it touched for the last few months, the various improvements in all the areas of the game tell me that this could finally be a worthy successor to Shogun II (Which I still consider by far the best part of the series).The game as a whole works a lot better and apart from the AI still having some minor issues in battles itself, they are now almost the annoyance they should be! Still not having spent any money on any DLC's, the game is perfectly playable and offers endless hours of strategic fun.8/10After the latest updates."
76561198056638672,Recommended,214950,10179544,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Yamada  Kumiko,the best game out of them all
76561198032585523,Not Recommended,214950,18746272,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Shadowbomb,"♥♥♥♥ this game, all the hours I've put into it at the time of writing have been just trying to get the damn thing working. I have yet to be able to play it long enough to capture more than 2 provinces. I had huge respect for Sega and the Total War series but this game is a huge dissappointment. I've encountered mulitple problems with the game and once I manage to fix one, something else seems to go wrong"
,Recommended,214950,21827383,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Choma,Hey! Thats pretty good!
,Not Recommended,214950,10565635,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ling Ling,"Creative Assembly is a lame horse that keeps s h i t t i n g as it dies and needs to be put down with a slug to the head before it s h i t s on itself anymore.If you want to play a total war game as rome, then play rome one and shut up crying, its over, I'm sorry but we knew this would happen some day!"
76561198018752065,Recommended,214950,10968323,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Alexanderon,Best RTS I have ever played. Though the loading is rather long.
76561198057328531,Not Recommended,214950,10996823,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Allycat 152000,I CAME I SAW AND I DO NOT BELIVE MY EYES JUST PLAY ROME 1 WITH MODS
,Recommended,214950,10987695,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,La Li Lu Le Lo,this game is wikked pukka mate deffo worth getting
,Recommended,214950,10991128,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Fat Monke,das ist gut
,Not Recommended,214950,11001888,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Thicky Nikki,its worse than Rome TW 1
,Recommended,214950,11010210,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,BOT Antaz,9/10
76561198004983368,Recommended,214950,9461568,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,STG | CRiTiCaLBiLL,Rally your legions!
76561198007414127,Not Recommended,214950,10980751,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,messsheep,"Still full of bugs that were on release but through patches they have kindly increased the amount of game breaking bugs. Huge bug in battles which once they occur, the battle slows down and i have even walked away for 2hrs and they r still struggling along. The DLC is a joke and money grabbing. In my opinion Shogun 2 was better."
,Recommended,214950,17676080,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Snuggles,"Rome 2 lacks the depth of some of the other Total Wars, and in some cases pares down what worked well from Shogun 2. I feel it is certainly not the leap forward that Medieval 2 or Rome were. For fans of the series, and Rome in particular, the Divide Et Impera mod fleshes out a lot of the missing difficulty, depth, and flavor of the vanilla game. I'm not sure I'd recommend the game without it though as there are other Total War games that scratch this itch better for me."
,Not Recommended,214950,14493791,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,badassness,It wont open? says i need to purchase but i already did.
,Not Recommended,214950,9166052,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Heinricho AKA Emperor Chowmein,there is no real sense of diplomacy. your tributary states hate youunless you are playing multiplayer. i do not recommend this gameShogun was fun as it had some depth in internal politicshere you just get a civil war and thats itnothing. As if you are just en emperor without any meaningSad days have come. It came out to early.
76561197970997746,Not Recommended,214950,9500900,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,kessellring,"still very buggy, AI seigh is terrible, cant compare io Rome 1."
,Recommended,214950,9574335,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,thesniperdevil,"Game had its faults on release, But here we are in March months after release and still patches and dlc are being made. I think Creative Assembly will be commited until thisis decent. And it is much better than it was.209.9 hours played for me, just on single player campaigns. Cant argue with that. its pretty cheap with the regular offers, so get it if you like these type of games."
76561198045916091,Recommended,214950,9586410,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,falloutboy0789,"THIS GAME DOES HAVE FLAWS. BUT I WOULD HAVE TO RECOMMEND THIS GAME.  I HAVE TONS OF HOURS PLAYED, YES I GET BORED BUT THEN I DONT PLAY FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS... AND I ALWAYS GO BACK TO TOTAL WAR.... I LOVE THIS GAME/ TIME PERIOD"
,Recommended,214950,9587749,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Nova,Its very addicting fun it had a bad launch but it has improved over all the patches. DONT BE HATIN!
76561198097859770,Recommended,214950,10962288,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AudraTheSad,Complex and really fun. Runs without error or lag. Smooth and fast gameplay.
,Not Recommended,214950,9505038,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tuton,"One of the games that defined my childhood, turning me into the strategy game player I am today. Succeeded by this. Once its fixed, maybe we'll see some changes. But not letting people have access to basic game features? They were right about the scaling to every system, BECAUSE THEY ALL RUN LIKE♥♥♥♥♥ SYSTEM COMMUNISM. Please fix her up, the game looked promising."
76561198059506707,Recommended,214950,13829740,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ZRT6225,hmm the most fun ive had in a strategy game in years and as a fan of the time period all i can say is rome ftw
76561198170057199,Recommended,214950,14098647,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Gary Of Ravioli,A very good game now with all the patches!!!!!!!! :)
76561198062091008,Recommended,214950,12117185,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Rutche,It was terrible but now its getting better the release of emporers edition is going to help it alot :)
76561198030864363,Recommended,214950,12125858,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Night at the Crunchbury,"I am strongly in the camp of people who believe ""if you don't have something good to say, don't say anything at all"" I broke this rule for Rome2 total war because the product i recieved on launch day was truly horrible, to say the least. I left a very very bad review of it here on steam to try and deter anyone from buying this game, because it was an embarassment to the total war series.I am here writing this review for prospective buyers of this game, those who did not suffer from CA's launch debacle. to say that this game is worth playing.The performance issues are fixedThe pointless political system is fixedThe siege AI is fixedthese fixes have made this a great entry in the total war series although perhaps not quite as good as its predecessor ROME 1.CA made a monumental and unprecedented effort to make this broken game into the vision they had for it, and for the most part succeded. I as a pre-orderer am rewarding them with a positive review because they certainly didn't need to fix this game, as they had already taken my money.that being said i would warn any new fans of this series to consider this if they in the future consider pre-ordering another total war game."
76561198046066262,Recommended,214950,5182489,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,dane,Rome II is a legendary game....
,Not Recommended,214950,11791540,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Morgalion,"After reading a few other reviews, I have come to new considerations.I love this game. This series, this strategy. It is unlike any other. Except, it is. It is like itself. Rome II is like Shogun, but more unit diversity, and no family trees. Rome II is like Empire with a political system in place, but the political system doesn't really make sense and you don't exactly know what's good or bad in it, it is broken. Rome II is like RTW in the like that it has the same premise, but it is less imersive.It is a pattern, and all of the previous games -- to a certain point in the past-- have a similair pattern.Quality over Quantity is what you should worry about CA.Quality in your game, will get you quantity of customers.The quality of this game is good. The potential for this game WAS epic.Your advertising was much like that of the tabasco companies and camel ciggarettes of the past, advertising something they know is harmful, something they know doesn't have good quality, yet they still sell it.Money is your bane? (I don't believe that)Money will be made through quality much faster now that you are well known, and have a large fanbase.If it is funds you lack now, it is because of your rushed production of an unfulfilled promise. Of unfulfilled promises, Rome II, Attila, and we're only waiting for you to muck up Warhammer.Do not let your doctors in the studio fool you that this game is a good one you are making, or have made. The fake pictures do not portray a real game. It is alpha gameplay, and opening to the public to catch bugs, to catch your programming mistakes, and to catch AI tendencies that will make your games greater... if you choose to fix what they report.You're moving away from the classic game designer and producer's portfolio of making games, to the big company of ciggarettes version of gaming, dumbed down, unfinished, unfulfilling. Stop it, CA, just stop before your games go from 8's and 9's out of 10 to 5's, then 4's.. until you are just a footnote in history, one that would read ""Could have been the best game designer for turn-based/real-time strategy games, and was for a while.""Like the many empires of history, of your games, you too shall fall if you make a mistake and let things crumble around you. Improve infrastructure, manage your systems, and buckle down to actually make a game, like you had done before with Medieval, Rome, and Empire. This is a waste of material you've been printing recently. You've fixed it to the point where it doesn't even look the same as when it came out, but a shadowed copy of what you had the vision for with your false advertisement.Instead of advertising, try alpha and beta again. Save the ad's for the gameplay vid's on youtube, and stick to interviews that mean something, not 100 weeks of hype like you did for Rome II."
76561197971876977,Recommended,214950,13763453,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,RichardB,"Big fan of the series and this game. Sometimes I struggle with Saqualor, but thankfully there are mods to sort that.9/10"
76561198067278758,Recommended,214950,11567452,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,FuzzyPooka,"Ah yes, Total War: Rome 2. Bane of the media; 'worst total war game ever'. So time to put my 2 cents in! Firstly; this game's faults have  been blown WAY out of proportion. I am of course speaking of patch 12 onwards, I am sure rome 2 was as faulty as  said at launch. But now, today, should you buy Rome 2? Yup.For Total War fans: THIS GAME IS NOT AS GOOD AS SHOGUN 2!For Others: TOTAL WAR IS INCREDIBLE, BUY THIS GAME. (On sale, of course. I value my overall experience at $30)Rome 2 is HUGE. Shogun 2 is POLISHED. (Seriously, there are 3 categories of ranged units alone; there was 1 category in S2)But the real question is; How does one write a review for Total War Rome 2? Step one: Read my Shogun 2 review to get the concept and magnificence of Total War(http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067278758/recommended/34330/). Step 2: Read this review to determine which title is better for you. I will essentialy recounting what I like and despise about Rome 2 , with small details to flesh out detail about the game. (I'm reading off a piece of paper created while playing crammed with notes). A finished Roman campaign, hectic Barbarian campaign, and Co-Op campaign with the Greek states have given me all the info I need to form my opinon.So, what I don't like:Rome 2 was mismarketed, early 'alpha' footage looks nothing like the game in it's current state. Rampant DLC locks historical battles (I can't play goddamn Cannae with out the Hannibal DLC. CANNAE.) Far too much money was spent on hype; as opposed to fine tuning development. SHAMEFUL DISPLAY!THIS GAME RUNS LIKE♥♥♥♥♥ Horribly optimized; on ultra or low, I rarely break 50 FPS. What's even worse; the game doesn't look 'near' as good as Shogun 2! I'm not saying it looks terrible. Rain still washes down Roman shields locked in Testudo, waves still sparkle as Triremes cut through the water, and bloodied Praetorians stuggle to hold the gates of beautifuly handcrafted city. But a slight downgrade AND a performance hit?Numerous other stupid design desicsions hamper the experience. No pre-battle General's speeches, lack of mini-movies (hits hard), lack of concentrated armies due to General's being NEEDED TO MOVE, and subsequent short life spans of agents and the generals, vassals going to war with one another (?). On the technical side, Battles are jumpy due to the '1v1' combat system, though animations are still breathtakingly beautiful and brutal. The 1v1 system worked in Shogun 2 because of the nature of Combat. 1 Samauri swing his Katana at another. With Pike and shield bearing infantry, unit fights are just too jumpy.  Auto resolve is broken, and there is no longer as satisfying and cringeworthy crash of men as two units furiosuly charge into each other (WHICH REALLY PISSES ME OFF!).Some aspects of Rome 2 were good theories, but need to be fleshed out:The UI simply and effectively communicates valuable info at a glance, but strangely hides other valuable stats, important to Veteran players (such as unit size in numbers, taxation of settlements). Buildingg was confusing and unintuituve at first, but a further look into the system showed a hint of brilliance. Various categories detract and boost a cities stats, while interacting with other buidlings. For instance; I've built a legionary barracks. Upgrading it increases ORDER and RECRUITMENT options, but also increases FOOD COMSUMPTION. To combat the lack of food, I now build a farm, which forgoes the more economical cattle pen in favor of more raw FOOD.Politics are interesting, the AI reasonable; with plenty of diplomatic actions: from declaring war targets for allies, defensive or offensive alliances, breakage of treaties with other factions to non agression pacts and trade agreements. Faction politics (within the houses of your empire) truly need to be fleshed out. Assassinations of rival members and placing friendly generals into powerful armies are the extent of this system.Unit's are also a mixed bag, as far as abilities go. In Shogun 2; Yari could form walls, and also be told not to pursue disengaging units with guard mode. In Rome 2, some abilities are brilliant. Testudo, and Phalanx create tight and cohesive unti formations, while Headhunt and Trample increase ccombst ability. On the other side, many units are missing VITAL ablities like Loose Spacing, to nullify arrow fire, and mentioned Guard Mode. Units literally chase down routers and break defensive lines unless expresivley moved back to their old positions. SHAMEFUL DISPLAY!But don't get the wrong idea. There was plenty I quite enjoyed in Rome 2:Firstly, Rome 2 is MASSIVE. The map sprawls from England to Morroco, to Eastern Asia and back up to Western Russia.Within these massive borders dwell hundreds of Factions; each ethnicity with distinct city looks, technological research as well as fighting styles. Latin heavy infantry and war machines terrorize Italy, Celtic chariots and slings rule the North, stealthy and brutish Gaulic hunters and berserkers stalk Europe. Hellan spear phalanxes march across Greece, Carthaginan elephnats wreak havok across africa, and Arabian horses and archers guard the east. Every faction plays fundementally diffferently, and hundreds of units make combat adaptive and surprising. Elite Persian archers calmly face down slow moving legions, and Gaullic ambusers emerge screaming from the woods to chase down and cut into a stalwart Spartan phalanx (sadly facing the wrong direction). Rome is expansive, and I love itCity battle have been revamped, and put into actuall meticulously crafted city streets, according to the culture that owns it. Walled and orderly Roman cities require coordinated street by street movement to overtake, while sprawling abrbarian ecampments need only a few ladders to breach their haphazard walls. Expanded traps and siege equipment such as caltrops, flaming balls, ballista and onager add complexity to battle. Naval units can even join in and shell the ground forces and deploy  added reinforcments.Other small additions like expanded General and Agent abilities hone characters, while persistent named legions with specialities in warfare give you strong connections to your troops. Aptly named 'Natta's Heroes' (lead by the legendary Marcus Severus Natta) defended carthage for 3 years against overwhelming odds and vastly superior armies, due to their skill at arms and expanded roster of traps. (Seriously, they won 5 heroic victories, and were down to 15 men per unit). Army stances from a forced march, to a guarded stance, to a pillaging add even more diversity to combat.Combat editions include conversations amoung a unit. Officers prepare and comfort recruits, Romans jest about Greek woman, Gauls jest about Roman woman, Persians jest about Carthaginian woman. Celts curse artillery. Line of sight andimporved stealth mechanics make ambushes truly epic. My Iceni chariots hunker low in the bush, as a column of Roman Velites march past. I charge a unit slingers into the center of the road, and the column charges into a line of recently emerging spear brothers. As the roman column smashes into my blockade, I wheel my chariots behind then, and charge their undefended backside.In conclusion, Total War Rome 2 is amazing, expansive, and flawed. Total War fans will pull their hair out over peculier design desicions, and fond memories of older games. New-comers will love and revel in the best strategy series around. But yeah, you should get it. The pros most definetly outweigh the cons. (However) Don't mess it up again, Creative Assembly."
76561198277201681,Recommended,214950,23850048,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,zscool,realy fun game
76561198019175714,Not Recommended,214950,13261164,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Harley,"Would have thought the Emperor Edition would contain at least 1 DLC, that's not the case.it should be Rome 2: We fixed some bugsStill a good game though"
76561197972331680,Recommended,214950,12125198,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,The_Stealth_Dude,"I bought this game back when it was first released a year ago.  There were definite problems with the game at that time and the game seemed to be released way to early.  However, the developers at CA stuck with it and fixed most of the glaring issues and have polished this game into a finished product.  The game right now, as of the release of the Emperor Edition, is what the game should have been when they released it.  I can say that any doubt you may have due to initial reviews of this game should be erased, because almost every problem that was brought up at the time of release has been fixed.  They have given us a free campaign, a few free DLC packs, and have developed   other DLC that is worth the small price as well.  Is the game perfect?  No.I wish AI could be better, but we have to accept that the AI will never be able to act in a Human sense.  Does that mean they are a pushover? Not at all!  The AI provides a challenging game.  I started a campaign recently as Rome on Very Hard (not even Legendary) and felt the AI pushing me back into Italy as I tried to expand out.  They keep you on your toes.The additional campaigns provide a fresh map and playthrough experience, as well as offering new factions to choose for the Grand Campaign.  There are so many factions to choose from at this point, that I have trouble making up my mind which to play.  I probably have 20 saved campaigns, and I have only really touched maybe a third of the playable factions.The unit selection does leave a little to be desired, but some of the DLC's add some depth here and there, enough to where its not an issue for most factions.Multiplayer Campaign:  I think this is one of the better selling points of the game.  I like to play with others to try to conquer each other or to conquer the AI.  Unfortunately, you can only choose to be always allied or always at war.  I didn't like this decision, but it doesn't limit the game too much.  You and your partner can choose any 2 playable factions for the multiplayer campaign.  This means you can be as close to each other or as far from each other as you desire.  This provides for some interesting opportunities.  The downside is that they do take a while to play, as you can spend 5-10 minutes on a turn easily without even fighting a battle in there.  Game options allow you to make a time limit on turns and battles, though, to make game play faster.The bottom line is this:  If you are a Total War fan, you should be looking to buy this game.  Ignore the original reviews, as they are no longer relevant.  Possibly wait for it to go on sale, but this should be a definite buy at this point for anyone who enjoyed the original Rome Total War or any of the Total War series."
76561197996548359,Recommended,214950,12043973,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,EET the BABIES,"Hell of a lot of fun, however fair warning playing as Carthage on Lengdary is brutal starting out. This game is a must have for RTS players as well as Turn based Strategy players!"
76561198059824487,Recommended,214950,12047899,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,damorgan97,Very enjoyable
76561198007739198,Recommended,214950,12132715,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Mentally Disturbed,Emperor Edition is almost makes up for everything.
76561198036539970,Recommended,214950,12013336,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,BobbaFett200,"I have 66 hours and counting and im likeng the game very much. First of all the grand campain is well done and the city's look amazing. The blood and gore DLC looks amazing so if you are looking to buy the game i recomand paying the extra $3 for the DLC and it makes your game way better. Also the mods are so easy to get because they are in the steam workshop. It is only a about a easy 4-5 click proces that will take you about a good 30 seconds. The one thing that I disaprove of this game is how they make it harder to learn how to upgrade your citys, athough once you learn its simple. I rate it a 8/10 mostly for it's first release not being as good(with bugs and all)"
76561198062792609,Recommended,214950,12181417,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Noble,"With the introduction of the new Emperor Edition, I feel that Rome II has now set itself apart from the rest of the games in the series.Rome II has become extremely enjoyable, both in multiplayer and in single player aspects. More on those in a bit.  Performance has been increased dramatically since the game first came out. I run a pretty good 35 -50 fps on a not so awesome system. Now of course, you can't dive headfirst into the game with a computer equivalent of a toaster oven and expect good results, it is still a modern game after all.Single Player is now much smoother and the user interface is much more ""user-friendly"" in my opinion. The A.I still makes donkey decisions from time to time but overall it still provides a nice challenge, especially in the late game. Overall I'd give the single player in Patch 15 a 9/10, superb.The multiplayer in P 15 hasn't changed much from the earlier versions of the game. The unit roster has had a massive rebalance however. No longer will a spam army of Armoured Legion units steamroll an army in less than 5 minutes. The battles take much longer thus making precise decisions, and actually using your head that much more critical for victory.Overall, I would give R:II Emperor Edition an 8.5-9/10, an excellent addition to the series."
76561198072268224,Recommended,214950,13418076,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Porosus,"I like this game a lot. New features like combined naval and land battles are awesome, and the traits and legacy systems for armies and generals are nice. The vanilla game is very playable now (written 17DEC14), and mods serve to change the game to how you want it. Want a historical centered overhaul mod? Divide et Imperia has you covered. Want an enhanced vanilla style game with many features made better? Radious has you there. Want a 300 movie style Sparta? THERE IS A MOD FOR THAT! The DLC's are great as well. I have not bought Beasts of War, or Daughters of Mars (or whatever they are called), but I have all of the campaign packs and enjoy them all for when I am in a particular mood. If you can't tell from my username, I really enjoy Carthage, and this game filled that itch very well. Highly recommend this game if you like this era."
,Recommended,214950,16040385,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Dima the Mongol,"Great game, shame the co-op campaign is limited to only 2 players instead of 4 or even 10."
76561198089431831,Recommended,214950,14871912,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Outlander(LV),nice
,Recommended,214950,16517611,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Alice,Rome ruled the world because they had boats full of war puppies.
76561197977298988,Recommended,214950,13632118,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,REAPER,Great game takes long time to have your turns!
,Recommended,214950,13638293,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Huntermabob,"Finally getting to where it should have been on release, this is not excusable really but it is a great game regardless!"
76561198043360751,Recommended,214950,13638878,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Swifty,"Big fan of the other total wars, this one is different but still love it."
76561198021934199,Recommended,214950,13725678,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mithras,"This game is pretty awesome.- Diplomacy works fairly well. It's absolutely reasonable and you can form alliances and corner other factions.- Agents are extremly diverse in what they can do. Maybe a bit too powerful.- Battle-Gameplay is just as awesome as you'd expect from a Total War Game.- Economy is diverse and let's you really customize your provinces in order to get the best income. Since there's penalties for the most advanced buildings, you can't just spam everything you want, making buildings be an actual choice.- The factions are really different from one another.- Multiplayer is solid. Especially multiplayer-campaigns are incredibly fun.Would recommend, they  patched the game real well."
76561198056581580,Not Recommended,214950,13747086,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Lurok,Rome 1 was better in every way. I saw no real upgrades to gameplay and the AI was terrible. I can not reccomend this game.
,Recommended,214950,14749847,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Katens,I dont like from game one thing..Then i finish my turn need wait a lot to get in to the next one.
,Not Recommended,214950,2754855,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Ragnarok,"Yeah well it was fun till I realized I wasted 20 hours of my life spamming the same thing.  So ♥♥♥♥ing buggy and glitchy.  Cmon CA you were given millions of more dollars to get this right and you ♥♥♥♥ed it up more than shogun.  You didnt even get the campaign and your ""revolutionary"" graphics right.  Congrats you ruined a great series and probably lost half your consumer market.  4/10."
76561198097814312,Recommended,214950,10925759,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,sharhuz,SCREW YA'LL HATERS THIS GAME IS DA CHEESE YO NUN YOU ALL CUN DISAGREE DAT IT HATH VASTLY IMPROVED SINCE LAUNCH YO PEACE MY ♥♥♥♥♥S
,Recommended,214950,8083029,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Matex600,"I would like to Re-Review Total War™: ROME II there have been a few patches and maybe the game is not up to scratch just yet, the recent Expansion - Dlc has improved the overall performance of the game a lot i can now enjoy this total war game even though it might not be as good as the original or medieval 2.Hopefully in the future we will see more updates that improve the performance and overall featuresClose to a year since release date and ""some"" optimisation was made but it is still not enough to what they were claiming it would be5.5/10"
76561198078151690,Recommended,214950,7852587,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,biggn82,"Awesome game, I laugh at people not recommending it yet they have a ton of time invested in it, that makes a lot of sense. This game is very fun in my opinion, its not without bugs but what game is? You can spend hundreds of hours in this game so it pays for itself and then some. Very fun game in my opinion and I havent even invested that much time yet."
,Recommended,214950,7855416,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,wedgewood_perfectos,hell yeah
76561198086303252,Recommended,214950,7855578,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ALudicrousDisplay,"I have been a fan of the series sence the original rome, which was one of my favorite games of all time. and while the game was relased unfinished and the internal political system is usless i still consider this the be a great game and it definly does justice to the original. The only major critizims i have is that towns are to hard to keep from revolting and the AI just feels the smae as it did in the orignal, in comparison this means that it juuuuust dosen't challenge me enough on the battle field. i can always tell if im going to win or lose a battle. my sugestion for possible patch is to randomly generate military genuises to catch me of guard. over all 8/10 objectivly (9/10 perosnaly)"
,Not Recommended,214950,8043388,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Adequate Meatshield,"As a guy who was a huge fan of Shogun II, it pains me to say the game I have spent my time counting the days until its release, has been a total failure. It is plagued with bugs, it runs like a slideshow on low setting even though I could easily play shogun on max, its gameplay and multiplayer are lackluster and uninteresting and overall I just don't have any initiative to play the game. Which is the exact opposite of Shogun II."
76561198044717641,Not Recommended,214950,8086865,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Zastavo,Dont buy this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥if you want to play a rome 1 remake.
,Recommended,214950,25423631,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Inti,"All round a very enjoyable game. I play it very often nowadays, just hopping onto quick battles online which I have been fairly balanced in the recent patches. There are times when the game feels like it is missing something or is incomplete, and the campaign could still use some work aswell, but other than that it is a good game and definitely worth a buy if you're interested in History and Warfare."
76561197973409797,Recommended,214950,25432048,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,modesty,Sturdy release but definitely a must have for any turn based strategy game/history buff.
76561198079768734,Recommended,214950,25485687,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DingleDorf,My favorite Total War installation to date. This game will keep you entertained for hours. The battles are epic and challenging. The game constantly makes you think. I haven't encountered any problems on my end since I've owned the game.
,Not Recommended,214950,20380488,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,WarlordofBritannia,"I love this game, I really doI just hate the policy of SEGA, pricing the DLCs (especially the Greek one) that should be free at 8 bucks a pop, leaving the base game 60 dollars two and half years later, no rewards for any of us who preordered and played through what was basically an alpha, and♥♥♥♥ING WARHAMMER TOTAL WAR?!?! REALLY?!?!B/c of that, I have decided to boycott buying anymore Total War titles, at least until the policy changes, and if you want this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to stop, you should boycott Warhammer with meBesides, the base game feels empty on its own, so unless it was on sale for 75% off, I would pass if I were youGame: 7/10Customer Policy: 1/10"
76561197988174755,Recommended,214950,11777822,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,N1. Nerdskies,"must download radius mod, or else this game sucks. I highly recommend this game if you dont mind browsing the steam workshop for community made mods"
76561198062966944,Not Recommended,214950,12306439,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ChickenBreast,"it sucks... buy total war shogun 2....better graphics, optimization and everything except for unit variation but you can still make it up with mods"
,Recommended,214950,9065628,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mechhunter,this game is absoluty amazing
,Recommended,214950,17637876,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Wolfgang,"Being a big fan of the Romans and the Roman Empire I friggin love this game. I love how I can feel like a Roman emperor conquering all who oppose me. I have played Napoleon Total War but in all honesty Rome is way better. It's fun to see your thousands of troops clash in close quarters combat like they did back in the day. Another thing is the feeling you get when you destroy a faction that you have been warring with for so long. It's also fun to see near end game how OP you really are now vs back when you started. Like I was playing the campaign with Augustus, Antony etc. and I just killed off Antony and to just compare powers levels with the other factions crack me up. Yes that campaign has an easier start but 9/10 of the hours in total I've spent playing this game have been towards the campaign. I highly recommened this game if your a fan of the Romans or the Total War series. To all those people who says this game sucks, It's really not the bad."
76561198158977840,Not Recommended,214950,21046370,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Long Schlong Silver,.
,Recommended,214950,8967979,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,PEtER SCARPINO,the game is amazing in every way if you have a good computer the graphics blow my mind every time i play it. Great game I recommend it.
76561198034602042,Recommended,214950,8942326,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ChodeBurglar,Great gameplay and graphics combined with amazing mods this game is a must get for any RTS fan
,Recommended,214950,8895165,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,xKONIGSTIGERx,This game started out horrendous! Now after the numerous patches the game has a sort of stability and is able to play. The victory flags have been taking out and now the AI has been improved. If you want a very good buy and a great time then this is your besy bet. If you do not want to buy a $60 doller inwork game then go and get shogun 2.
76561198102024168,Recommended,214950,10894565,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,--{-ZEVA-The 7th Divison,Good job creative assembly you made a game with a lot of potential.....when it works that is. hasernt loaded in over a month and crahes when opened i recommend this game but alot more work has to to be done on it 8/10
,Recommended,214950,10550421,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dr Emile Heskey,This game has been patched a lot from when it was released. There are a lot less bugs in the game now and the game runs more smoothly and has not crashed for me in months and would recomend buying for £15 or less.
76561197994753759,Recommended,214950,8957924,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,robdoggiii,"I'll start out by saying that I hate the general/ admiral limit and the constant revolts in your provinces. I've put in lots and lots of hours in on this game. Besides those complaints I love this it. Especially now with the Emperpr Editions upgrade it's a no brainer to buy this if you like TW games or strategy games in general. Wish I could say I'm looking forward  to Atilla TW, but I can't.  It should probably be a DLC for this game. Anyways enough on conjecture. Buy this game!"
76561198021254698,Recommended,214950,8262242,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,れ工ムムモ尺ち,amazing game.
76561198040295796,Recommended,214950,8962118,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Tnin,Awesome
76561198000720345,Recommended,214950,9148481,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,$diego$,This game is so good that i can't explain
,Recommended,214950,9149133,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Erikjpa,Awesome Game !
,Recommended,214950,8708921,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Quaestor Støre,"I don't understand why so many people complain about this game.. i have rome,medieval 2,empire,napoleon,shogun 2 and this... and Rome 2 is best! the game looks great. people complain about the visuals in battle that they are bad but when i played medieval 2 a couple days ago the enemy started floating in the air when i charged into them :p people complaining is eather old fanboys that want all the old options back or new fanboys that want more visuals"
76561198078286818,Recommended,214950,13454713,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ðu$tyy,Even though i can't run this game at it's best fps and graphics it is one of my favourite Total war franchise games of 2014 including Napoleon Total War. I highly recommend this game to anyone who has the money lying definately buy it :D
76561197969096777,Recommended,214950,30280032,Posted: 2 March,all,22e_infantrie,"I bought this game in 2013 and still play every week.Recently, I started to experience some bugs issues like name of factions showing in symbols. Also for the first time, I experience the bug that some mentioned before where the cam stop moving. Quite annoying as I play legendary with all races and the save options are extremely limited. I had the delete that campaign which was close to be done, oh well.After all this, I still recommend this game to friends, as the overall play is great, city battles much better then medieval 2. Graphic and music are great, now I added some dlc’s which unfortunately should of being included with the main game.At this point if you consider buying this game, it is a great game with many hours to play with, but you should wait for the next special to balance those bugs out which probably won’t get fix."
,Recommended,214950,13698695,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ken,"Total War: Rome 2 is a great simulation of the ancient Roman era. It includes a ton of nations from the Roman time to play as and still more as dlc. At first, you have to get used to the controls of the game and learn all the important factors, but once you get used to it, it's a game you won't forget. Even when you start out, there's a tutorial that tells you everything you have to know about the game while still telling a story from actual history. The multiplayer is amazing as well. You can go head-to-head as different nations of the known world or rewrite history and unite sworn enemies against the other nations. This is probably the best gaming experience of my life and I haven't even tried the dlc! If you ask me, buy it; it's worth it."
76561198051496701,Recommended,214950,18452315,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Blaze,"666 hours later, would create Judean empire again."
76561198160904489,Recommended,214950,18999016,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,matyboy5,"I have been a Total war for about 10 years now, I have to say this game has a slightly different spin on the total war games but that just makes it even better. I would highly recommend this game."
76561198139802126,Recommended,214950,19466600,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,aircraftgalaxy,"Total War Rome II had a rough launch, although the Emperor edition has fixed most of the problems I had with the original game. The game is currently still 59.95, and I would not recommend getting it in that price, wait until a price drop or sale occurs, this game is worth about $20-$30 since it is 2 years old."
76561197971857790,Recommended,214950,13442808,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Valegorn,"There is only one reason the game has such a low rating, it had a rough launch. It’s been over a year now, and the game is AMAZING. People need to get over themselves.Just like every other Total War game, Rome 2 take the series one step further. It blows my mind just how far the Total War games have come. To be quite honest, the reason this game doesn't have a score of 85+ is because its fan base has become spoiled. Each TW game that is released offers something better than the previous ones. Let’s look at them so far;_________________________- Free Movement Campaign map- Real playable 3D naval battles- Decentralization of Provinces to add realism and more customization of provinces- Research- A steady increase of graphics and unit sizes- Land and Sea interaction of naval units on the campaign mapNow let’s look at what was added in Rome 2______________________- Naval and Land battles at once- Politics- Larger Campaign map- New camera options- Co-op campaign (as allies or enemies)- Unique City maps- BLOOD AND GORE!!!!!- Units that actually fight each otherFor the most part the majority of the fans get it, but there is a growing number of TW fans that are spoiled and need to be reminded just how awesome this series is. There isn't a single game on the market that comes even close to a Total War game."
76561198045724786,Recommended,214950,7937107,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Last-One,very fun game ive had no probs with the game at all besides when it rains in game it gets somewhat laggy even with the sky graphincs turned down to highi love strat games an the Total war Series
,Recommended,214950,23389399,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Buckliness,"Check the hours. Only finished 1 campaign. Even on the hard modez there is a point (early on) where you realize you've won and you'd have to royally ♥♥♥♥ up to lose from then on. Too much DLC though, TW needs to stop that.4/5 skirmish sieges are the best yet"
76561198072419608,Not Recommended,214950,22001484,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,EL Dez,"Buggy piece of poo when released and not much better now.  Constant DLC whoring when the orignal game isnt even finished coupled with the fact that the game looks nothing like the pre release videos.Money, money and mo money is the only thing CA are instrested in and thankfully most of the masses have seen this.Another greedy lying scumbag company to join the ranks, hope you're proud of yourselves for ruining another franchise."
,Recommended,214950,21153156,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Vebjørn,404 hours of licking my own bumhole wooo
76561197990176014,Recommended,214950,23210247,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DARK KIGHT,"very good gameand i recomand it to everyone , dont care about what other people say"
76561198215052297,Recommended,214950,23092427,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MicroPop,Incredibal game.
76561198007086360,Recommended,214950,23157489,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ace Lightning,"Awesome game,buy the dlc on sale and u cant go wrong."
76561198106290494,Recommended,214950,23210398,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Squarebox64,es gud
76561198076740266,Recommended,214950,20255395,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ranthenerix,"Rome 2 TW was a great surprise for me, cause i spent a lot of time playing rome 1 years ago, so when i read in the newspaper that it's going to be released second part, i was sure that i have to buy it. As a fan of any kind of startegy games, especially historical ones, i bought it immidiantly after it was able to be bought. At the begging, it had a lot of bugs and it wasn't actually finished, but i had fun playing it. Now, with all the improvements and some DLCs the game is really great. Personally i think of it as a greatest total war ever made. But still, it's not perfect.PROS:-First of all, it's playable. You can play a game each faction you like even a few times, and it's not boring-It has improved diplomacy comparing to the older ones (i haven't played shogun 2 so excluding that one), i hope CA will go on with that in the later productions-historically accurate. There are some simplifiers, but it'd be impossible to make it perfect-Two types of main campaign (in emperor edition)-many DLCs with additional campaigns-climateCONS:-Expensive. It's better to wait for the sale-Many DLCs to just add factions or blood, also expensive-still minor bugs-Strange politics and civil war system-too easy very hard mode ;)In conclusion, it's a must have position for every TW series fan, it's a good game :)"
76561198107561753,Recommended,214950,18604249,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,(DGG)DEATHONTHERHINE,"Don't like this game? It's cool, the Tarpeian Rock beckons."
76561198006890539,Recommended,214950,19295634,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Commander Mallander,"With all of it's little flaws and glitches, this game has yet still claimed the title for most logged hours on my steam library. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves Ancient cultures. it's one of my most favorited time periods so i always love killing some time with this game. 4/5"
76561198111561588,Recommended,214950,19295942,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,robertson25,its a very fun game to play
76561198086686363,Recommended,214950,31715810,Posted: 12 May,all,...,NIce strategic Game I've ever played ever
76561198009726482,Recommended,214950,17166272,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,John Daniels,bomb
76561198007823089,Not Recommended,214950,14467829,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Curious Cloud,Think really hard before getting this game. Its got plenty of problems and CA has done nothing to fix it.
76561198020171286,Recommended,214950,13016166,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,A Turkey Sandwich,"Very fun games. I enjoyed everything about it with the exceptions of a few things. The AI is still a little dumb at times, but it has improved. My biggest complaints are the ridiculous DLC's and how some cultures have a lot of factions you can play as, and others like the German's have one. I would like a little more selection with cultures like the Germans and Britons. Good game though. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,214950,7932736,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Pegasus,"I'd get Shogun 2 instead. Much more refined, 20$ less, alot more mods out."
76561198026934499,Recommended,214950,12132855,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Ebolalien,"Its fun for a while until the campaign gets either to easy or just...super easy. I like this game. I like the battles, very cinematic and they look reaaaallllyyy cool realism sometimes, sometimes and honestly that's why I play it from time to time still. Well see what this new update brings. These are my opinions.Pros:Big map for casual play.Nice graphics (glitches are very rare for me)Good unit response, they DO what you tell them IMMEDIATELY.Its Rome!Conz:If they had multiple continents in Empire, why not here in Rome 2.  Allow us the opportunity to forge our own paths. Step outside the boundary and explore.EasyLimited factions without PURCHASING a dlc. At least kingdoms gave us those zoomed in campaign maps maps of like northern Europe and the middle east. Paying to enable a faction, the games 60 dollars.Very easyWhen I play the campaign, the diplomacy makes me want to throw my monitor off my desk.No cut scenes.Oathsworn (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ balance)If your a fan of the Total war you will buy it for what it represents and how the game is evolving."
76561198144743664,Not Recommended,214950,23058180,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hoputagen29,Buy Empire
76561198112459509,Recommended,214950,16422671,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AGAS01L,good
,Not Recommended,214950,8348909,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Daniels,Becomes boring after sometime dont buy.
,Recommended,214950,12944516,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lmd1317,Easily one of my fav games I love it and any one who like coh series etc will love this :)
,Recommended,214950,14503768,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Corwin1200,good game
76561198171419106,Not Recommended,214950,23291014,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,torins444,if plan on testing this out and getting a refund if you dont like it then dont bother it plays a trick with steam pretending to run when your not playing
,Recommended,214950,14467274,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,MoNkEy.D.LuFfy,it is one og the best stategy games!!!
,Not Recommended,214950,17466744,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Goblin,"just get medieval 2, it's not as restrictive and it has about the same number of features, if you're looking for the naval battles just get napoleon.  The sea landing was a good idea but badly executed so there's not a real reason to use it unless you're looking for cinematics"
76561198107034078,Recommended,214950,14854384,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ChanChanBing,"I like this game a lot this because it is rome and you fight people with other people and that is good. If you have friends it is also good because you can embark on a quest together to kill innocent civilians (homeless and mexican). If your like me and have no friends you can get bored after couple of hours because its ez pz most of the time unless you get off easy mode. Overall this game is good and sorry about my england because im from the russia. Buy the game if you like killing things with army, i rate it 9/10 because i have no friends to enjoy the experience even better with. Thanks very much and have good day!"
76561198085542913,Not Recommended,214950,12004373,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Calaca,"I bought this game the day it came out, wasted 60 dollars."
76561198072080648,Not Recommended,214950,11936478,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,MDMith,"As a sequel to one of the greatest strategy games to have ever been released, Rome II had quite alot to live up to.Unfortunatly, not only did it fall short of the original, it was a complete miss in terms of what is to be expected of a Total War game.Having completely ommitted family trees, or any form of family in a faction, takes alot away from the strategic element of the game. No longer will assassinating a rival factions general give you an advantage in the campaign, since they will just spawn a new general on their next turn. Diplomacy is pointless, since, firstly, the AI are complete idiots, who probably role a dice before making a decision, and secondly, wont stick to any alliances they form anyway. The AI are idiots in more elements of the game, being unable to support their armies or cities, use siege equipment, or make any sort of sensible decision.The battle engine... Using the same engine from Empire was probably the worst decision SEGA could make. Being an engine made for ranged combat, there is no unit collision. Units just mash together in big big clump, then fight their little one on one battles, completely ignoring their surroundings. Numbers barely play a role in battle, and victory comes down to unit stats and a role of a dice.The only good thing i can say about this game is the graphics, but even realistic graphics would not be enough to make up for all the negativeI have gone back to playing Rome: Total War, i would recommend you do the same3/10"
76561198007354410,Not Recommended,214950,14522681,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,thailand steve,"its like the original, just with improved graphics, and simplified down to the level of a children's game"
76561198040147063,Not Recommended,214950,9408676,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Anderson Cooper,"If you've played a total war game before you already know what you're getting here, if you haven't then don't get this one. I can only speak from my own experience with this game ( and other total war titles ) but this one lacks a lot of the grandeur of one's before it. If you (or you know some one who) want a good time ""shogun total war rise of the samurai"" or "" Empire total war "" even the first Rome total war are more fun than this. It's a graphically impressive game but the attempt at giving it a greco roman art style to the UI makes it pretty ugly, and dysfunctional. If it was on sale it woul dbe worht getting but otherwise save your money for something better. ( that being other total war games)"
,Recommended,214950,12118710,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Frozen Star,It's allright
,Recommended,214950,8473019,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Black Prince,"Concepts and campaign are intresting enough, Siege AI on the other hand...Maybe buy this only during a sale."
76561198037748747,Not Recommended,214950,10205068,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,dolfandupree,Just not as fun as Rome Total War.
,Recommended,214950,8475490,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SNIBETI SNAB BATTLE CRAB,If you enjoy strategy and ancient civilizations than you will likely like this game.
76561198024242743,Not Recommended,214950,9628423,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,King Butt-eater,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game with tons of bugs way too expensive compared to what game experience you get. the previous rome total war game was much better, what they have done with this game is improved the look of the game but removed everyhing that mede the previous games good ... really disapointed and cant handle alle the constat crashes and bugs. the bugs and crashes are not due to my computer but the game it self!"
,Recommended,214950,12466097,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,zeroWaffles,"It is a very fun and in depth game, I enjoy the Total War series very well. I can tell you it is a game you will continue to play for years. You can actually control your country and do politics, military, trade, etc. Now the game does look very real and makes you feel like you are there leading your army. You can take the role as a Warrior a Leader or a Strategist, As a General your men look up to you and you lead them. Remember to watch those flanks and remember cav is very userful."
76561198061356075,Recommended,214950,12127788,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Androctonus,Total war is still the best strategy game on the market since 2000.Bugs and errors have all been fixed.If your not playing it; what are you waiting for?!
76561197996631417,Recommended,214950,12130540,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,jedmalkavian,"The new format is grand, and much more user friendly.  Politics make sense, the interface is more colorful, and the new building trees are a bit more varied and fun.All in all, Emperor Edition is everything you expect from Total War.... strategy, diplomacy, and of course massive and brutal war."
76561198136607455,Recommended,214950,13453575,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CoCo sygu,best total war game
76561198097477390,Recommended,214950,13312129,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,RAGNARTD,"Rome 2 total war tries its best to be the succesor to Shogun II total war. which to say the least is very ambitous.when rome 2 came out there was a outrage about how this was not a total war game and should have been kept in development longer. which i think is true. but now a year later, rome 2 with the rights mods, is a great game. the details in some of the units are just spectacular. for example, you can see the difference between the centurions and the legionares in the rome faction. and when you are close enough to a unit, you will hear the men talking. it truly is immmersive.and the diversity in all the factions is great. over all rome 2 is worth the buy, it is very fun to play. but before you jump into the game, you should download some mods first.7/10"
76561197995992119,Recommended,214950,12044738,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,meoqw,It's good.
76561198007669754,Recommended,214950,30457305,Posted: 11 March,all,ratioromanus,Highly addictive and fun game.
,Recommended,214950,13372488,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,King of Kings,"This game is amazing. Don't listen to those people who keep insisting Rome 1 is so much better and this game sucks. Ever since the Emperor Edition came out, I haven't noticed any bugs or glitches. I highly recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,214950,13407613,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Biscuitb0y46,"I bought this game AFTER Creative Assembly patched it up a bunch; let me just say it seems that they have fixed a lot of things. There really isn't that much I disliked about this game (It is Total War after all), but there are a just a couple of issues that I saw while playing in the Campaign, which is the mode I play most.1. While I noticed that CA did fix a lot of AI issues, some instances while I was playing the AI would force all their troops into stupidly small alleys and passages (In siege battles) , which would cause horrendous lag in the game. I have a very nice gaming laptop that I play with that can handle this game perfectly on ultra settings, but the giant concentration of troops, and subsequent 15-20FPS due to poor AI judgement was just disappointing.2. Minor texture and viewing glitches on units, some textures seem jagged and broken even with all the settings that say there shouldn't be any.I really do recommend this game, as CA has fixed the major balancing and graphical glitches present on day one, so it's worth buying now. If it goes on sale, take advantage of that and pick it up."
76561198151523910,Recommended,214950,25434808,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mr_shwifty.exe,yes
,Recommended,214950,28315670,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Earl of Grey,"This is a great game and its addicting, but sadly for some reason my game stopped working, it freezes on the loading screen and it wont allow me to close it, and I have tried uninstalling and re installing the game and it still does not work, I reccommend this game I just hope they fix this bug."
76561198224917820,Recommended,214950,28320530,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CN ZhangG,mod! mod! mod! i cant play the game without mod!(actually i play the gm from 2014 but i buy the copy on 2016)
76561198081247047,Recommended,214950,19553513,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Iceman96,"I really wish Darth Vader would have continued his Darthmod series :( It would have been so amazing to see what he could have done with the AI, unit design, graphics, effects, and game play in Rome 2."
76561198007924793,Recommended,214950,32648530,Posted: 22 June,all,Eresolol,Fun game but barely any replayability.
,Recommended,214950,9670964,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,billi,fun but bugs 7.9/10
,Not Recommended,214950,9491474,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,FeixHQ,"sin soporte SLI , por lo tanto no aprobecha los recursos de la maquina .. no lo puedo jugar en lo maximo apesar que supero por muho los requisitos .."
76561198078336440,Recommended,214950,32451487,Posted: 15 June,all,Moa ZeClown,Surk Murt
76561198008677082,Not Recommended,214950,8822025,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Black-to-the-future,"This game is garbage... and not only is it garbage but steam is garbage for supporting it so ferociously and continuing to sell it at a price above ten dollars... do not buy this game... wait for the next total war, but I guarantee Sega will screw that one up just as badly. I was expecting more. The original Rome total war, as far as UI and game dynamics are concerned, is a far superior game."
,Recommended,214950,32508505,Posted: 17 June,all,HoboErotica,Didnt play it much.
76561198067893938,Not Recommended,214950,12369401,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DeerSon,"Not the best TW game, not the most optimized one neither. The new diplomatic options are pretty neat though, I've found on hard difficulty it's best to just skipthe combat since I couldn't a flip a battle with the odds against unless something odd happened, like I had a few archers in a castle and I killed all of their infantry mounting-on-walls units - then the AI wouldn't get off the horses or used their archers wisely which would've swarmed me. So, while I tried the ""hard"" Parthian campaign and got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me repeatedly by factions who just all gang up on me for no reason, German ""hard"" campaign I annihilated most decent factions, gained a few big armies and proceeded to be so powerful I just auto-resolved battles and then lost interest pretty quick. Best war game by far is Empire IMO, get this one and not this! Devs should really optimise the game more and take Darthmod into consideration."
,Not Recommended,214950,13114847,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dionysus,Conqured Britain and enslaved my anscestors.10/10 Would subjegate again.
76561198032585343,Not Recommended,214950,12724936,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,charusmet,Why because i cant even play this game any more i thought it was a good game till the empouer edtiotn came out and made it onplayble so plZ fix it.
76561198049806659,Recommended,214950,13122649,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Gerry Adams,Yes this game was released too quickly but after a number of patches its been fixed an is one of my favourite game ever!
,Not Recommended,214950,17226717,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,pete_aston,End Turn. Crash. Reload. End Turn. Crash. Uninstall.
76561198048054695,Recommended,214950,32584030,Posted: 19 June,all,Bananarama,"I personally love the game. It's one of the most fun Total War games I've ever played, alongside Shogun 2 and Napoleon. There are some aspects of the game which feel a bit broken, but it is nowhere near as bad as Empire or Medieval II (oh God, why?); the likeyhood of success when auto-resolving battles is definitley skewed in the favor of the enemy, and even if you lose the engagement you stand to inflict a lot more casualties fighting yourself than via auto-resolve. The use of agents by the enemy can be really inhibiting in some cases... I personally think they should be more of a nuisance instead of being capable of halting and virtually destroying an entire army. The diplomacy can also use a bit of fixing; it gets annoying when certain factions ask you for the same thing every turn, even if you reject them every time. My biggest issue was with the lack of unit diversity; both in the sense that there are not enough different units within each faction as well as the fact that all 'Eastern' factions are lumped into the same archetype as well as all Hellenic, Latin and Celtic/Barbarian. Some units are very annoying to use, especially horse archers which require constant babysitting lest they get killed off by standing infront of a stationary tower. Micromanaging happiness/order, food and money making buildings can get a bit annoying if you are trying to expand quickly, but if you take it one region at a time I find it quite managable. Seige units are a bit over-powered in my opinion, they should only be highly effective... well, in seiges and not be capable of devastating units on the battlefield before they are able to reach them. One final complaint is that there should be more factions, but it seems they are continously adding more in DLC so it's starting to balance out.Those are all the negative things I can think of off the top of my head. Other than that, the game is stunningly beautiful, both on the campaign map and in battle. There is a wide array of weather effects and unlike previous titles, not all cities look alike. (I think that's one of the best things about this game). Some cities like Athens, Rome and Carthage are completley different from the rest. The ability to land naval units in a battle is pretty cool as well.In conclusion, anyone who loves the Ancient world will have a good time playing this game, with the mild annoyances here and there. I find that it isn't enough to take away from the overall positive experience I've had playing this game."
76561198009610090,Recommended,214950,13122595,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SASshampoo,The game has alot in it.  My problem is that it kills my computer and is buggy.  It starts well but I find it harder to get through the end game.  Alot of my problems are just how it runs.  My computer is not a great one but Rome 2 is the only game that runs this badly for me.  I am a huge total war fan and this one is good.  The game seemed to be the new game to have but its just avarage.  Keep your expectations low and you will be pleasently impressed.
76561197989909174,Recommended,214950,12238992,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Tarkus,not good
,Recommended,214950,12098724,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Balderson,good
76561198054633432,Recommended,214950,19976014,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,cameron35,This game hooks me for 4 days where i play about 48 hours untill i win the campaign then I'll leave and come back when start to miss stratagey. The stratagey in this game is so engrosing download with caution.
,Recommended,214950,9591488,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ϟϟ Ser BryanFURY,"This is my review on review on Rome II:Cons:- The Rome II vanilla in my opinion needs some work to do such as the BAI and CAI. ( Siege needs major work too)- The sieges and battles dont look epic as what they have promised in interviews.- The game is not worth the $60 they are asking for. So I would recommend to wait for a discount sale...- I would also like to note that this game ripped off features of the game that should already be there such as the selling of factions like Sparta, Athens, Nomadic Tribes, Iberian factions and more to come... This numerous DLC's make me lose faith in this well known seriesThe only good side to the game for me are the mods. I use the mod Divide et Impera and it really improves the gameplay and experience of the game. The BAI and CAI of DEI's mod makes it challenging. They also reworked and added units that make the game more historically accurate. In addition, I would also like to commend for the nice graphics as well. So the only thing I can say is that the mods really saved the game for its downfall. I would also recommend not buying any further dlc's to be released unless you really want to buy it, since the more people buy dlc's the more encourage CA would be to release more DLCs... Overall, If u really love history and strategy games like me get this game and if you buy this game you should get mods to improve the gameplay experience :D"
,Recommended,214950,9159320,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,mikjål,"its an OUTSTANDING game. i would recomend it to every strategy gamer, its VERY confusing at first but after a while you get the feel to it. i've played the total war series for a very long time, to the very first one to this, by far this is the best!"
,Recommended,214950,9159493,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,RoKa,After patch 9 i find the game way and way more enjoyable. It's worth getting it when it's in a sale.
76561198013389356,Not Recommended,214950,9168162,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Smurfy,"Okay so this game was realeased in an awful state, it has been improved through patches (and still is!) but still needs a hell of alot of work to be worthy of the second rome total war game. Apart from bugs, design decisions and AI this game just generally lacks features compared to the previous shogun 2 which had loads of customisation and different modes, this is bare bones. If you want lists of whats wrong with this game look at the user reviews on metacritic and you will have them. Do not buy this game at the current time, even with the 50% off it which is has been dropped to a few times. i would either get another total war game if thats what you want or wait 6 months or more for the game to actually be sorted out and majorly worked on.also they seem to think its okay to sell little bits of dlc to us after giving us one or two free ones. With the game like this......i dont think so some how?"
76561197996367288,Not Recommended,214950,9168725,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Big K For Kassel.,"I strongly advise everyone NOT to buy this game. If you like the series you are better off with Shogun II ! Graphics, KI and menus took at least 2 steps backwords after Shogun II (I hope they take those backsteps to jump forward with the next game). Since roughly one month this game crashes at the start-up, all the fixes won´t work (even if you don´t use any mods like me). Absolutely dissappointing!!!"
76561198013794685,Recommended,214950,9415709,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,OmnisciAnt,"I've played it since day one, and I've loved every second. Yes, even the growing pains. Now that Rome 2 has matured with the release of the Emperor Edition the game is absolutley one of my favorites. I see myself playing this game for many more years to come. If you love Rome or history at all, this game will not disappoint."
76561198006423365,Not Recommended,214950,9449472,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kilsock,Do not buy this unfinished piece of...
,Not Recommended,214950,9461636,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Kirbbubbly,"Sadly CA managed it to ruin a great game series and lost devoted TW fans, just by releasing ROME II.With the new DLC the ""complete game"" now costs ~ 105€ (6 DLCs - this far), is it worth the money?  - DEFINITELY NOT!"
76561198046151623,Not Recommended,214950,9492336,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,NW,Campaign mode is my favorite part of Total War games. Rome 2 comes with a terrible campaign mode. In fact all of their games since Medieval 2 have had a terrible campaign mode. I have Empire and Rome 2 in my library but never play them. I have enjoyed Rome 1 and Medieval 2 but I will never buy another Total War game. I look elsewhere for my turn-based games.
76561198013383465,Not Recommended,214950,9503163,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Revenus Victor,Not as good as Shogun 2.
76561198083435866,Not Recommended,214950,9503453,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,EZ Rebel,"In the little time I played Total War: Rome 2 I couldn't enjoy. The game looks fantastic, the units look great, the soldiers even interact with the enviroment in a smooth way  like raising their shield when arrows fire and what not, but like many people say the game is really >.> tiny. There isn't enough buildings there isn't enough citys and the game is incredibly balanced. If this is an alternate history game there should be other nations that have a larger advantage over others in a way that it forces alliances. It is to easy to the point where I had 3 provinces as Sparta that gave me enough money to field 2 very large armys. At this point alliances were pointless I didn't need anyones help to do anything not that it is a needed mechanic to need another nations help but it makes the game way to easy. Sega expanded on the auto resolve feature with the offensive defensive and mixed stances that just made the fighting which made Total War stand out as a game irrelevant. Compared to Shogun 2 which was pretty good and Fall of The Samurai which was incredible (NAVAL BARRAGES ERMAHGERD) Rome 2 hardly brings the quality strategy genre that came from Rome 1 and Shogun 2. I am >>>NOT<<< recomending Total war: Rome 2 however the Total War games before it like Empire, Rome 1, and Shogun 2 I highly recommend."
76561198093530094,Not Recommended,214950,9503663,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Field_Marshal,The game was published to soon and suffers from many broken mechanics
,Recommended,214950,9565657,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Matterhorn,"The launch of this game was a little shaky, but now that they updated and imporve Rome II, it will be one of the Total War games to be remebered. The DLC's are a little overpriced. Could bring them down to $15-$20, but it is still a great game."
76561198023088603,Not Recommended,214950,9582108,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Woodhammer,"I am very disipointed in the release of this game.  I was only able to play it for a week before an update made it impossible to play the game.  I am not a programer, ive tried doing fixes and it usualy only makes things worse.  instead of coming out with new DLC's fix the game so that people who payed to play it can play it."
76561198061603454,Not Recommended,214950,9583421,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,☭Tread☭,Dont waste your money on CA they obviously dont care about the fans anymore
76561198047166819,Recommended,214950,9585344,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,EPICENDER,Graphics are beautiful gamplay is intense and its on such a grand scale your mind will be blown
76561198008574315,Recommended,214950,9585725,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Sir Jon,"now its been patched, its a good game but i'd rather play Shogun 2 or Medieval 2."
,Recommended,214950,9587583,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Rastafarian Targaryen,"Amazing game, with amazing battlefield graphics. Its the turn based game you would dream off. Though there is quite alot of DLC that should of been made originaly in the base game."
76561198018764379,Recommended,214950,9587891,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,amksla,Rome 2 is everything promised as far as battles go if you want to command legions this is the game for you. Campaign.... did they F that up royally it has become insanity in terms of difficulty (good or bad depending on how much you love a challenge) but every move/ turn must be thought through carefully and a lot of the features from shogun 2 they imported just plain and simple make rome 2 much more difficult to play. That said if you want to conquer the world take a week or two off from work and buckle down because the campaign is now epic
,Recommended,214950,4354490,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Constantine XI,"YOU'VE SOILED TOTAL WAR'S NAME CASOILED IT, SOILED IT, SOILED IT.Edit: It's pretty good in Emperor edition and with Divide et Impera"
,Recommended,214950,8605495,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,The Unforgiven,"An excellent sequel i have to say. Truth is there were many problems in the 1st month but CA fixed them with patches soon enough. Overall rome ii is way better than the previous total war games... better graphics, easier region controll many faction (ok thre are some factions that you have to pay to get them but they are cheaper than FoTS) also there is a huge map one campaign is surely not enough to conquer the whole map and i like that. There are 2 things i'd love to see in a later patch or game...  the aspect of region trading and the choice of huge small or medium campaign cause in all three choices (economic cultural military) there are many requirements and some of them are quite difficult."
76561198090781400,Recommended,214950,10253390,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,scorpguy80,Its a graet game and whaen it is finist it will by exslent
76561197966543763,Not Recommended,214950,12360851,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,fRodos_,"I know this is Old-Bone, but this game is nothing it's predecessors were. Too arcady, made for the masses, no thinking involved, way too fast paced battles, you aren't able to enjoy the guys fighting it down there, as you were in previous games, way too much 'pro-micro' needed, trying to make it more competitive on the battlefield. Annoying, and building an empire is not at all rewarding, with all the 'new' fixes and patches, is just became less irritating, tho still no separate unit movements on the map, no family tree etc.Yes, the game improved a lot on other terms, but I just find it repetitive and boring after 10 turns, also, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of DLC factions are lame, EA stlye.And then Attila ? Come again ? Great, now I can take over Europe with horses. Same engine, probably same base. Not interested thanks. Having the Warhammer world in under their title should've made them do a proper warhammer total war game, but no. Attila. Have fun with it.If you want to play a good total war game, get Napoleon or Shogun 2, not to mention the previous games were awesome too (Medieval II, Rome)."
,Not Recommended,214950,12317098,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,CBV_Bad_Larry,this game has potential but i am encoutering something that is breaking it. when i go to move a unit near the end of the battle i cannot get them to move in a location i can even see. until this if fixed i can honestly say it is the worst $60 i ever spent. i would strongly advise against purchasing it.
76561198027004683,Not Recommended,214950,12360215,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,parramatta101,"Only got to play the prologue in the 2 days it was offered as a free-to-play product. Enjoyed the well-thoughtout campaign map design in the Italian peninsula and really favoured the difficult, challenging and therefore entertaining risk/reward situations presented to the player.Unfortunately, compared to Medival: Total War 2 and indeed Rome: Total War, the battle mechanics are horribly too quick. The javelins throws are hardly noticable and although the graphics are nice, nice scenes don't enhance the battle, just sugar coat it.For those who have not played the earlier title in the series, specifically Medival: Total War 2 and before and enjoy the RTS genre then indeed this could be for you. I personally still enoy the older titles more. I will say this however, I love the idea of the region being split into seperate cities/settlements which makes a region ownable by a number of factions, minor and major, at the sametime. This should of been available in the start of the series but atleast it has been included."
76561198010422537,Not Recommended,214950,12371539,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Relendis,"By all means it is a playable game, the problem is that it is a shadow of the depth available in previous TW titles. It could have been great, it should have been great...but instead it is mediocre. Biggest disappointment in a long time. It works, it is playable...but...meh. CA really dropped the ball on this one. As a silver-lining the modding community is working tirelessly to make it something better then what it is....if only CA had paid heed to that same community, as well as their fanbase, early in development...."
,Not Recommended,214950,12324957,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,joeymarshall25,♥♥♥♥ all the total war games and any games made by the same company they suck and when you have just enough time to play their suck asses will waste all the time you thought you had loading pointless updates if i knew where to get my hands on you ♥♥♥♥ing nerds i would crush your teeth with pliars after you watch me♥♥♥♥♥♥every female in your family
76561198014784285,Not Recommended,214950,12314350,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,General T,"It has some good ideas and concepts, but they needed to be made clearer/better. Compared to Fall of the Samuria, Rome 2 is a disgrace graphics and gameplay wise. Why can't I bombard a town with seige ships, why is the rank tree hidden? $60 for this game is a shame, because it is worth $20-30 then you have to have DLC which is unreasonable high. DLC shouldn't exist unless you wanted different skins, because if it is not a skin it should have been included with base game. But, some good things about Rome 2 is army and navy stances, recuirtment, you can pick general's bodyguards and last but not least you can make edicts."
,Recommended,214950,2842663,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Viriathus,"It is a fantastic game!! Many simple details from the original Rome and still so original! If you like the Roman Era, you NEED to buy this awesome game!! If you dont know much about the Roman Era buy it, you get to know!!UPDATE: The AI is still f*cking stupid! CA FIX YOUR GAME!"
,Recommended,214950,8360855,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ocampius,This game is phenomenal.  10/10 would bang.
,Recommended,214950,15187206,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Spax,"Total War: Rome II was a complete mess from the launch. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ visuals, bad AI, and it was just an overall bad game.After Emperor Edition, Total War: Rome II has greatly improved. The cruddy government mechanics from the vanilla version are still present, so don't get to happy. Emperor Edition fixed almost everything about Rome II.The visuals are now, at least at the highest settings, pretty good to look at. The models in battle look good and the overworld got the polish it needed. The AI has improved tremendously, both on the campaign map and the battlefield, but it still isn't perfect. With Emperor Edition, I'd say it's a good buy, but only on sale. I wouldn't line up and buy it with full price."
76561198007777405,Recommended,214950,16456335,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GerCat92,"I have played all the total war games except for shogun.If you like total war you will like this game. It is certainly not the best but I would recommend it on sale.""si vos pacem para bellum"""
76561197991822063,Recommended,214950,14509666,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,SoulsandBlood,"this is my first Total War game and I am absolutely amazed with the detail that went into this masterpiece.  Being a real histiry buff I love reading all of the information the game provides about the differnt units and culture.  Combat is extremely fun and can be overwhelming at first until you get the hang of it a bit. The graphics are fantastic, the sound is fantastic, and the voiceobers are professionally done.  I can't compare it to any other Total War titles but I am very pleased with this purchase."
76561198254602420,Recommended,214950,21794078,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SopskiSRB,"Best startegy game i ever played !So intresting campaign !So much good mods !DLCs is nice if you love Greeks or Romans but nothing special !Good performances and graphic!9,5/10!"
,Recommended,214950,13112667,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,EvilSunzBigMek,"I absolutely LOVE this game! I personally believe it got some needed and unneeded hate. Sure, it started out bad. But, with a great deal of patching and the Emperor Edition and season it with some mods, you got yourself the best Total War game to date."
76561198100355528,Recommended,214950,30357192,Posted: 6 March,all,nicolasmur152,amazing
76561198064601237,Recommended,214950,10563695,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cheeky Digs The Wild Man,"LOVE IT! This game is awesome, it crashes and there which is kind of annoying, but overall it's a good game. love shooting the siege weapons from first person!!!!"
76561198069999739,Recommended,214950,14536925,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,UnknownSpecimen,I don't see whats so bad about this game. There aren't many glitches anymore and the game run smoothly. I'm pretty casual with games though and not very picky.My opinon
,Not Recommended,214950,9167542,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sheepopotamus,"Medieval Total War II and the original Rome Total War are two games i loved excessively.Which is why Rome II was such a letdown.The settlement management feels ineffectual and limited in choices, taking away the strategic management that made me get excited for the completion of different buildings.The battles are essentialy a massive brawl, with units not holding formation the moment they start combat and routing incredibly quickly.I wanted to love this game, I just couldn't..."
,Recommended,214950,9585253,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,IamJoogle,It's a lot of fun
76561198064574999,Recommended,214950,9592207,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Sviss,Pretty much all the bugs have been exterminated and this is now an outstanding TW game. You can even decide what unit your generals are. Needless to say four of my eight generals are now riding Elephants :D The maps sheer size is also just insane. Eveything from Scotland to Egypt to Crimea and beyond are in excellent detail and the new province system (where several towns and a province capital are group together into a large area) means that you will constantly be starting mini campaigns to take these areas. Also the updates added three new factions :)
76561198016818835,Recommended,214950,9159229,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,41st_SS_BodyGuard,HELL YES
,Not Recommended,214950,9165686,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Poncho,"Glad I bought it on sale - it's still a beta without the tags and an incomplete game with bugs. Software development is run by criminals. Pretty disappointed as this is not my first Total War purchase, but then they already have my money. Reminds me of MechWarrior Online and their pathetic state of affairs.Did they test this? Seriously - did they?"
76561198014668703,Not Recommended,214950,9461334,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Exoudar,"Buggy, Broken, Useless AI.A game that cost 60$ and not finished, even beta games perform better ON TOP OF THAT there are 49$ worth of DLC on Unfinished game.I expect heavy in-game purchases or many DLC on free games, but 49$ worth of dlc on a 60$ game?Please stop this scam of gaming, if you keep buying their dlc, MORE will come and even more companies will do the same.Game it self is fun though, just a very greedy company that careless for customers experience."
,Recommended,214950,9538545,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Powerful Stream,Unbelievable opportunities for replaying over and over again. Workshop adds new and unique dimensions at your leisure.
76561197964186882,Recommended,214950,9543580,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Mrokahoma,Just buy it
,Recommended,214950,9568543,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,SaviorDiligence,"I love just about everything about the game, the interface takes a few turns to get used to but other than that it is just great.... EXCEPT for the fact that there is a desync you WILL run into if you play multiplayer campaign. The only question is how far you will get before you run into it. 8/10"
76561198062375663,Not Recommended,214950,9576390,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,✠ Coolboy5468 [Stiliyam],when i start it just keeps me on the loading screen is it a bug worst game ever
76561198024724060,Recommended,214950,9584340,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,marcus.kyprianou,good game fun to play but ai needs some work still.  lots of dlc which good and bad
76561198036709390,Recommended,214950,9573743,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Boreas,"No, i´m very disapointed with CA, I recommend the community of Rome II´s modders , they save the game and made the CA´s work, years better by the way."
76561198052469706,Not Recommended,214950,10954893,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Psycho42,"I have never been so ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by a game...""Littered with game breaking bugs"" is a massive understatement about Rome 2 as a whole. You must  literally find work arounds in every campaign, just to enjoy the few minutes when it actually works. I cannot convey to you the pure disgust I feel when looking at the wasted potential this game presents. Creative Assembly have, straight up, lied through thier teeth about this game, and then riddled it with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC to milk every penny they can while never actually creating a working game."
,Recommended,214950,10955558,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,King,Word' Nah Mean
76561197994528303,Recommended,214950,10966766,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bartleby,Great game once they sorted the bugs out.
,Recommended,214950,10967485,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,UndoneDaddy,I say this game is a very great game for how it is. I love how the fighting is now and the new map set up. I think it is great that they added in boat wars as well. I am happy the summer sale went up so i could get this game. Total amazing game.
76561197993549600,Not Recommended,214950,10990322,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Skinnykarl,Don't buy this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,214950,9862958,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,McKay,Unplayable for me since almost 3 months. Game keeps crashing at the end of turns or during battles. Developer wont fix♥♥♥♥♥♥and rather releases new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dlcs every few weeks.
,Not Recommended,214950,7836429,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Kowa,"If you did not play Rome Total War or Medieval 2 Total War, this game will astound you. If you did play those games...Rome 2 will also astound you with how much they unnecessarily removed and diluted. I have not seen an example of the video game series devolving so excruciatingly and predictably. All the charm of Total War is gone. The campaign map is dull, the enemies predictable, the diplomacy tedious and the politics ill-conceived. Rather than gleam joy from slowly building your empire from nothing, you will find few barriers to stop you steam-rolling other nations. You will console yourself with at least having some monumental battles to look forward to. Ha! What you will find are battles forcibly divorced of strategy, guile or surprise. Now just a game of numbers. You send your blob to their blob and hope then you have better numbers, all things considered, then them. Don't. Buy. This. Game. Buy Medieval 2 Total War + Kingdoms for a fraction of the price. Download a fabulous mod for it such as Stainless Steel FOR FREE. And if that does not satisfy your thirst, buy Europa Universalis 4. An excellent game that shames Rome 2. And if you cannot accept a different time period, Your last hope is Rome Total War. How far have we came with game development to have to go back to such an old game. Perhaps we have come far, but in the wrong direction. If I can stop just one person parting with their hard-earned on Rome 2 with this review, I can die happy."
76561198077423589,Recommended,214950,7866041,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gizmolepro,best game 2013
76561198016072178,Recommended,214950,8081121,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Jan-David,One of the best TW of all time. I would buy again 10/10
,Recommended,214950,8026593,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mr. Beeseeks,All of my YES
,Recommended,214950,9091749,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,[SIN7] Ranger,Awesome game if you have a good graphics card! Campaign isn't that great without a friend to play it with and there are some overpowered factions but other than that it's an awesome game!
76561198010424633,Recommended,214950,9094459,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,AllianceDeath,"Rome 2: A completley awesome game, has some of the flaws inherited by the companies that make it, such as the game being worse than the previous release on launch, and a extreme fanboy/complaining fan group. But as I said before the game gets better with time, as things like a expansion, more-indepth mods, units, balance, and bugfixing comes into the game it will increase highly in quality.As of 2/13/14Just before Beasts of War DLC comes out.Positive:Decisive battles and fun many times replayable game.Unique units and soldiers types as well as amazing graphics and unit variants compared to all previous Total Wars.Limiting, but smart building and unit system that brings back in more decision making to the game, as compared to the earlier installments that are always seen as the great and mighty. (Where you built everything.)Large workshop with everything from fantasy, to important balance and gameplay modifications. (Check out Radious)Negative:Bugs, Ships in particular... Sieges still painful.Some promised, hinted, or otherwise units still haven't come out to improve weak factions. (Suebi in particular)Sort of a snowball late game, but this can be changed with mods.Bad C(ampaign)AI and B(attle)AI without mods or other enhancements.All in all, the game will get better with time, I, personally have bought many of the previous Total War installments, Rome(Don't see it's insane hype), Medieval 1-2, Shogun 2, Empire, Napolean, and to be honest this game is better than any of those previous games, it has better graphics, strategy, choices and more.Games on sale? Buy it, try it, don't like it? Come back in a few weeks or months, possibly buy a Expansion, Dlc, or get a mod from the Total War Center, this game is unique and there is nothing else like it."
76561198053869092,Recommended,214950,8696725,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Loner420,just get it
76561198053290971,Recommended,214950,9127055,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Guy-Gantic,Do you like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ No? Then you'll appretiate this game.
,Recommended,214950,9607097,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Mamoma,"May have some bugs, but well worth buying"
76561198069513576,Not Recommended,214950,12326550,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Make Armenia Great Again,"I newly downloaded it and it didnt start up, i then spent two days trying to fix it, i reinstalled and still doesnt work if your looking for a long name in your game library this is for you!!"
,Recommended,214950,19662767,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Y U B I,Best game Ever
,Recommended,214950,18550208,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Kappinho,It was a great game until Valve stole it from me
76561198105751760,Recommended,214950,19272005,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Flying Heavy,"A very good game. Realistic an autoresolve better than pervious games. You can choose what you want to do with your captured settlements, Occupy, loot, or raize, and can open more tabs than before in Diplomacy. Multiplayer campaigns are really fun and fast-paced. 3 turns into a Massilia campaign with my brother as Macedon, Rome declares war on me and I lose half my army.     10/10 would do again"
