user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030080447,Recommended,215160,15461879,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,PrinzEugen,"Point-and Click Adventure re-vitalised and re-thoughtThe Book of Unwritten Taleswas the first game by the German development studio King Art to be released internationally, in 2012. It put this adventure games-developer firmly on the map, and has been praised for adding a unique feel to the classic point-and-click adventure genre.For me it has been a long time since I last played a game like this. Actually, it was only since the adventure games by Telltale Games that I was redrawn into the genre, having played several of the classics many, many years ago (think 90's stuff). While the Telltale concept of adventure games focuses on a new kind of storytelling in combination with some action scenes, King Art completely stays within the boundaries of the classic adventure genre. Literally the only thing that needs to be done to complete this game, is pointing and clicking - the keyboard nor any other action is necessary, apart from pressing ""spacebar"" in order to see which objects are interactable with.While this may feel like a somewhat all too classic an approach for a game in the 2010's, it actually still works pretty well. Of course, just like any moint and click adventure game,The Book of Unwriten Taleshas a lot of puzzles, but these don't feel like being tucked onto the game in order to provide a challenge or prolong playtime. The puzzles in this game form an organical part of it: they arise out of the situation, and most (if not all) of them can be solved by just thinking, not by gratuitously pointing and clicking all over the place (so it could as well be called a point and think game).That a classic adventure game like this still works nowadays, is mainly due to the interesting storyline, which drew me into the game pretty quick, helped by the amazingly original and beautiful artwork. The soundtrack too is top-notch and strikes the perfect balance between providing some background music and yet helps in painting each scene. The music even drew me into the game in an emotional way: it helped me to identify with the characters. Even more helpful in this respect is this gorgeous voice-acting, which draws the playable and non-playable characters out as men, women and monsters of flesh and blood (or of bones or anything else).Playing for a large part as the young Welsh gnome Wilbur Weathervane (www - just one of the many small puns) made me identify with this smart an witty character very soon, even more so since young Wilbur looks at life in a refreshing, sometimes naive way. Later in the game other characters come into play as well, providing some welcome contrasts, but it always felt like coming home whenever Wilbur was the one I was in charge of. The game does tend to ""let go"" on this strong point near the end, when Wilbur disappears more or less into the background.While all these qualities help to make a game of good to very good quality, the one element that differentiatesThe Book of Unwritten Talesfrom lots of other games, is the humour and even the irony with which the game looks at itself and at the entire world of games. Describing individual scenes from this game is difficult without resorting to spoilers, but when at a point quite early in the game I had to shut down a ""server"" for a ""rpg machine"" in order to rid two side-characters from their ""game-addiction"", I laughed out loud. The entire game is full of these sidekicks at the gaming industry, complete with wondrous quotes and one-liners. When a very depressed Death himself at a certain points says ""This is an adventure game, nobody is supposed to actually die here"", you know you're in for a treat.Besides the poking at different games and genres,The Book of Unwritten Talesalso makes fun or rather poses some questions about the entire fantasy-concept. It does so by obvious references toThe Lord of the Rings, but also by turning some conventions from the fantasy-genre upside down or inside-out. All in all, this is a game into a lot of thinking has been put, without interfering with the actual fun of playing it. I can only recommend it wholeheartedly to anyone even remotedly interested in adventure games. And for all of you who have forgotten how a classic point-and-click game should look and play like, don't look any further. They don't come any better than this one for the time being.Overall score: 9/10"
,Recommended,215160,9819716,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,GaNjAlF 3ö~,"One of the best modern p&c adventures out there.Highly reccomended.Day of the tentacles was my favorite p&c adventure, this one made me feel like 14 again."
,Recommended,215160,8328579,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,IdolNinja,"Sharp writing, logical puzzles, great characters, and a meaty 15 hour adventure make The Book of Unwritten Tales a must play for any point and click adventure fan. At times, it almost feels like the Discworld books meets Day of the Tentacle, and that's the highest praise I can offer. I was constantly amused and even laughing out loud during much of the game.Like any game in this genre though, there are some minor rough spots involving items that are difficult to notice/find. Thankfully, this only happened a couple of times during the story, and was far less of an issue than many other games of this type. There was also one puzzle that has you setting waypoints on a map that was extremely obtuse and annoying. Also, be warned that the game does make fun of many fantasy tropes, but it always feels like a sly wink and a nod rather than being cynical or mean-spirited.Despite the minor rough spots, the game was truly a joy to play and highly recommended if you're a fan of the point and click adventure genre, or simply a fan of fantasy comedy like the Discworld series."
,Recommended,215160,7958999,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jindall,This is not just another point and click adventure game where good triumphs over evil.  The creative and hilarious dialogue keeps you entertained as you play. Don't mind the minor graphical glitches.  The game contains references to MMO's and will get a chuckle out of you.  You can finish this game in 10-12 hours.
,Recommended,215160,17077424,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Torchiest,"I wasn't sure about this at first, as it's a little uneven in the early going, but the longer I played it, the more I enjoyed it. It's a fairly standard fantasy point-and-click adventure, where there's a big bad guy trying to get a powerful magic item, but it has a number of features that make it more entertaining than what you'd expect from such a generic situation.One of the best innovations I've seen in a while is that hotspots will disappear after you've done everything possible with them. That really helps eliminate wasteful backtracking and double-checking of red herrings. You also switch around between three characters, all with totally different personalities and abilities. It's a bit reminiscent of older LucasArts games like Maniac Mansion and Zak McKracken. These two features help keep the game moving.The other thing that sets this game apart is its excellent sense of humor. The game walks a fine line between meta-humor and camp while playing with genre tropes and expectations from RPGs and graphical adventure games. Fantasy geeks will appreciate all the jokes referencing other games, books, and movies. The voice acting is also very good, which helps with the delivery of a lot of the humorous lines.The 3D graphics are mostly good, although there is some clipping and other weirdness here and there, and the cutscenes are only fair. Scenes are shown from widely varying angles to allow access to everything you need, which is appreciated.It took me twelve hours to complete, and I feel like I went at a fairly steady pace, so I'd expect 10-15 hours for almost anyone to finish it. Overall, any experienced adventurers will enjoy the game quite a bit, and it's easy to recommend for such folks."
76561198319845730,Recommended,215160,32473674,Posted: 16 June,all,Remy,"The game feels like a pop up book, and I love it. The graphics are great, and the dialogue is fantastically funny. The actual game is simple to play but can be a bit challenging at some points. For example, when you are working at becoming a Mage, there are three tasks you must complete. two out of three are simple, but when it comes time to make your potion, the controls are very sensitive; one mistake and you have to start again! I'm stuck! However, assuming I'll complete it one day, I bought the sequel."
76561198002190168,Recommended,215160,10473697,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Richtig toter Ringer der Liebe,Modern Classic.Missing Guybrush or other good adventures with meaningful item collection? Get it.
,Recommended,215160,29686268,Posted: 3 February,all,OriginalXTS,"4 Feb 2017: First Review (About 17 hours in @ this time, approximately), My personal experience and review:I really, really, really enjoy this type of game..  It serves many purposes for me.  Right now, I'm going through a huge amount of circumstances out of my control (and some within) so I need some serious distraction, and in my case, for a female in her mature years, let's just put it that way. I'm no 20 something any longer but I do still enjoy youthful games, but only if they have some serious brain work.. Sometimes these puzzles seem mundane or what-have-you but they do serve a higher purpose than obvious.  Logic is an important one. Process of elimination. This game gives you that. And exploration. Humor (I love the humor).Different character's perspectives. I enjoy that also. This game keeps my mind going so it's not thinking of my woes, mourning, losing a loved one .... another one....  again.  And the workload I have ahead of me.. The physical care I must tend to. These things can overwhelm me to the point I can't focus on movies, games or anything I'd normally enjoy. Though I must sit up to play this game (it's not on my ipad, lol), I really appreciate the game a lot for helping  me to enter another world, not my own, yet I'm very much a part of it.You can feel that in the game. You get pulled into the story (if you read them) and you can skip (nice when you've already read it a time or two). I like that option there!  Who wants to keep hearing the same things over and over with no ability to bypass it?! This game has that freedom of choice.Some voices aren't the greatest.  Some actions can become tedious as you try to figure it out. Brain foood is what I call that type of game play.The humor :lol: I Love it so far. I think you can see my hours played somewhere around here. This game is satisfying.P&C, HOGs, Adventure, Humor (not in all games but, it is in this one :D) = a very nice relaxing evening.. I turn on my soft lighting, get comfortable and see what they have in store for me next. :)Not everyone enjoys what I like so this is my experience. Performance is good too. (OHHH!! And don't let me forget.. The maps are usable to teleport, as well as being able to click a ""door"" and click again to skip walking. HAHA! Love that! Saving me that precious time! So, if you like what you've read, I think you'll like the game.Best Wishes..xtsPS. I don't remember if it was a gift. SORRY.. My mind has it's own techinique, it remains out of my control. Apologies."
,Not Recommended,215160,21538155,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,wizcreations,"Very well-made point and click adventure that really sets itself apart from other games in the genre by featuring highly detailed and animated areas as well as great voice acting.Book of Unwritten Tales claims to be full of humor through parodies to well-known fantasy material.  You'll notice more than enough references to Tolkien's Lord of the Ring, plus a bit of Terry Pratchett's Discworld, Harry Power, Indiana Jones, Doctor Who, and of course RPGs or other geekery in general.  I wouldn't say the references are all that humorous, nor are they even a decent attempt at humor.  The vast majority of the jokes are, ""Hey players, look at how we are obviously referencing ______ here!""  The jokes fail to be funny on their own, so if you are not familiar with each and every reference, most of the dialogue will seem to be nothing more than idle chatter.   Even if you are familiar with the references, you probably won't find them funny.The puzzles are not particularly challenging to figure out, especially since you're pretty much guaranteed to succeed so long as you interact with all available objects.  This becomes quite the chore in the larger areas as you have to sit there and listen to the dialogue for every single item on the screen.  You could of course skip the dialogue, but for an adventure game, if you're going to skip the dialogue you may as well not even play the game.  Chapter 4 becomes particularly tedious as you are required to trek back and forth across the map numerous times.  To make that even worse, two of the puzzles can only be solved with trail and error, so you may be making the same trek multiple times.  Pressing the space bar reveals all interaction points in your current area, so it is never a challenge to find everything.  Sadly the use of the space bar is almost a necessity because there is nothing to indicate what you can or can't interact with as you play.This all combines for a game that is okay enough to play in short spurts but not something I'd really want to play for long periods of time.  For a 15+ hour game, this is definitely not a good thing.  I often found myself quickly reading the subtitles so I could click through the dialogue, really doing anything I could to speed the game along.  The game starts off well enough, but by the end I found myself wondering why I even bothered to finish.  Chapter 2 has the best characters and best script.  Chapter 3 is by far the best chapter in the game in terms of puzzles.  After that, though, the game really takes a nose dive on the enjoyment scale.I do not recommend this."
76561198141404871,Recommended,215160,20836687,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,joan4003,"Any game that uses ""In The Hall of The Mountain King"" (from Peer Gynt/composed by Edvard Grieg) as backgound music in a dwarf bar is already right up my alley (so to speak) humor wise.  Of course all the parody lines from classic movies like Platoon, Stars Wars, and Lord of the Rings, plus the whole MMORPG and RPG buffing parodies, a bit of 4th wall breaking and a few omages like Discworld's Death (Terry Pratchett), Raiders of the Lost Ark and Planet of the Apes (the original Charleston Heston version) make this game's blatant to subtle parody humor all that much better.  The game, itself, is even better then its humor.Storyline: Wilbur Weathervane, gnome, wannabe wizard, adventure day-dreamer, sometimes tinkerer, and full time employee at a dwarf bar gets the chance of his lifetime when Mortimer MacGuffin's (gremlim, archaeologist and chronicler) prison cage literally nearly drops on his head and hands him the ONE RING, before ""quest"" tasking him with delivering the ONE RING to the Arch-Mage Allister in Seastone before the Arch-Witch can get it.  Mortimer, the gremlin, who had been ""freed"" by the wood elf, Ivo (incognito Princess and wannabe adventurer) is recaptured and taken to the Arch-Witch, who of course is the cause of the endless war since she wants to rule the world.  Meanwhile, Ivo has also been given a ""quest"" task by Mortimer while she was freeing his cage from the cargo dragon.  Ivo is to find and retrieve a book, which has directions to the amulet of ultimate power, from the gremlin's secret cellar and take it to the Arch-Mage Allister in Seastone.  While all this is happening Munkus, the Arch-Witch's son is hot on the trail of finding the amulet of ultimate power so he can over-throw his mother and be in control of the world instead.Gameplay: Point and Click adventure with a build and use inventory of items.  The gameplay is easy to follow and the tasks/obstacles are very logical given the circumstances (and people involved).  There are a few objects that are ""well hidden"" but if the gamer thinks for a bit, the object needed is easy to locate. (Careful searching will also accomplish the same task.)  Any encountered character gives clues about the task at hand and the main character will basically tell the the gamer what needs to be done and often times what is needed to accomplish the task.The gamer will eventually play as four different characters, all with their own perspective, personality and knowledge that each character would possess due to their background.  In one area the gamer even has a choice of one of three characters to play, and each character solves the task at hand differently using their natural abilities.There are 5 chapters total.  During any chapter the gamer might play as a completely different character doing a completely separate task, once another character has finished their objective. There are also places when two (in one place three) characters are available to play at the same time by switching between them.  In these areas one character is capable of performing certain tasks the other character is not.  Also the knowledge each character possesses is clearly seen/heard.  The characters must work as a team to complete the task, and often times need to talk with each other to share knowledge and to trade inventory items.Overall, wonderful game, superb witty humor and an excellent story of unlikely heroes.  Well worth full price.Note: This is the first of two games and there are DLCs available."
,Recommended,215160,17891776,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Snus,"I've bought the game a couple years ago (soon after it was released), but only had the time to play it now.And it was a blast. One of the best adventure games I ever played. It has everything a good game of this genre needs to have: memorable characters, funny conversations, captivating story and logical puzzles. The visuals are nice too, despite some flaws in animation and a few graphical glitches.Quotes from popular culture (LotR, Star Wars, Indiana Jones, etc.) are also funny and are always spot on. The game also  occasionaly breaks the fourth wall and/or makes fun of the gaming industry (level 68 warriors with health potions) and MMORPGs is particular.Overall, a very enjoyable experience. I will definitely be playing Critter Chronicles and The Book of Unwritten Tales 2."
76561198008673767,Recommended,215160,12018208,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Sh4d5t4r,"I love this game, it encompasses humor from so many other games. There are touches of The Lord of the Rings, Indiana Jones, Star Wars, Sam and Max, Terry Pratchett's ""Death"" character and even a rendering of the tree from a version of 3D Mark.Long review short, you play a gnome who rejoices in the name of Wilbur Weathervane, but unlike other gnomes you have little interest in mechanical inventions. You would much prefer to become a Mage, and study all things magical. You start the game as a kitchen ""assistant"" in a once-popular Dwarven Inn... that was before The War descended upon the population and all of the Dwarves enlisted to go to the battle front... apart from the barman.A deadly artifact has been uncovered in some texts by archaeologist Mortimer McGuffin, an aged Gremlin, which threatens the entire existence of the known world should it ever be found, but before he can warn the Arch Mage in the town, he is kidnapped and held hostage under threat of torture to reveal the location of the artifact.The game starts with Mortimer's rescue, which indirectly introduces Wilbur into the story as well as a gorgeous female elf by the name of Ivodora Eleonora Clarissa, Princess of the Silver Forest Realm. The fate of the world lies upon your, and her, shoulders... and a couple of companions you happen to pick up along the way.From the very beginning, this game portrays a sense of humor that traverses so many levels and borrows from some well respected sources. The one that sticks in my mind is a scene where you meet Death, immediately identified with the well respected Terry Pratchett character when Wilbur asks why he isn't speaking in capital letters... and in case anybody missed it, Death is actually wearing ""fluffy bunny slippers"" which are actually modelled on Max from Sam and Max,There are also not-so-subtle references to Star Wars when Mortimer appears in a hologram to the Arch Mage and tells him that ""he is their only hope"". This game is full of wonderful tongue-in-cheek humor borrowed from some well respected classic sources which fit well with the characters and are delivered perfectly throughout.The puzzles in the game are not difficult... obscure sometimes but not difficult. You just need to stop for a minute, count to ten and re-think a situation, and the answer will come easily to mind. The only thing to mention here is that is is _essential_ to re-visit locations _AND_ to re-click on items you have already looked at previously. Sometimes an object will only reveal a vital clue after you have progressed a plot-line further, even if you have examined it previously, you _will_ need to examine it again later to solve a puzzle somewhere.It is this constant re-visiting of locations which is both a blessing and a curse, however the scenes are beautifully rendered so re-visiting is actually a pleasure, and visits are not too repetitive. Also, thankfully, several forms of ""quick-travel"" have been implemented which really helps as you progress through a chapter.The developers have done a good job of programming the navigation in this game, it is quite polished and is primarily mouse-driven with a minimum of keys required to play, which makes for some fairly quick gameplay when it is needed.Overall I would rate and recommend this game highly, it was a pleasure to play (for me at least) and it had a light air to it which I found refreshing in a steampunk style graphics game. The characters were light and friendly for the most part, even the ""evil"" characters were given a light humorous feel to them.The game rendered just fine for me in 1920x1080 and the sound was really quite pleasant, although the music had to be cranked down a bit to stop it over-riding the speech. Not that the music is unpleasant, the score is quite classical and provides a very pleasant background to the game.There were a couple of in-game sound effects that were not normalised but only a couple, the voices themselves are very well balanced and the variety of accents are actually genuine, being portrayed by genuine voice actors, not impersonators.I would end this review by saying give it a try, you will be pleasantly surprised at how easily 8 hours of your life will just sail by without you realising it. This is quite an immersive game despite the simple plot, and if you are new to point-and-click then I would suggest you give this a serious go."
,Recommended,215160,17598228,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Nuuskiss,"What a marvelous game - a new grand jewel of classic adventure genre. It has good story, sophisticated humor, awesome characters, beautiful soundtrack, etc.The plot is hardly unwritten but it surely is very well told. The evil creature 'Mother' lurks in her heinous tower and tries to get her hands on a special relic with which she could take over the world. Game's 4 main characters get involved to events - whether they want it or not. Becoming from different parts of the world and having diffrent values their paths cross and will eventually become friends. Unlike in some other games of the genre - every playable character of The book of Unwritten Tales' is interesting and I always kept thinking that how they end up. Toast for the talented voice actors!The puzzles are typical point&click. While writing this review no particularly annoying puzzle is reaching my mind - there was however one itchy stealth event at the midway which did not fit in the game so well, but provided some variation perhaps. Some people have claimed that the game is even too easy when pointing the places of interest for player, for example. On the other hand I can quarantee that this is still much more challenging than some of modern adventure games of Telltale.The Book of Unwritten Tales has already proved its potential and the sequel has already been released! So if you have a thing with point&click and like adventure - Don't let this book to be unread! ;)"
,Recommended,215160,11274633,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,FeistyGreenSnake,"Personally, I adored this game - and I've taken far too many screenshots of chairs! ;) Amazingly humorous, the female veggie dragon was every inch a breath of fresh air, with her character presenting the modern image of a dragon that wasn't 'terrifying'. More so, she was a dragon whom had become lost in a world of mindless carrying work and was now looking to take on the stereotypical image of the viscious, male dragon. Although now that I think upon it, she did seem like something similar to twilight (a vampire who's not a vampire; a dragon who's not a dragon; do you get the picture, eh?), but her character was certainly amusing enough to ignore this increasingly occuring character aspect in now modern culture.My favourite characters were Nate and Wilbur, I have to say. Nate appealed to me at first because of his rouge appearance and Wibur...well, who isn't intrigued by cute little gnomes with grandpa's. The graphics were simply amazing (from characters' outfits to cutscenes), and I can't fault that one bit. Guillivar's character was particularly entertaining, I found.Honestly, I entirely loved the game - minotaurs are not often represented enough today in culture and, as expressed, although there are some cliches (weeping women, dragon's not being dragons, etc), it was truly a breath of fresh air to play. The ending was perhaps a tad abrupt and could have been made longer, but it was clearly done to leave an opening for a sequel.So, in any case, after playing as Guybrush Threepwood for many, many years, I was looking to experience a new point-and-click, adventure game and I believe I found it :) I can only hope that the sequel that's being planned comes out soon. After all, I want Wilbur's family and that dwarf bartender to see his new outfit ;)"
76561198045141591,Recommended,215160,26132315,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Wolfhowl,"I'll recommend The Book of Unwritten Tales for those that are in the mood for a comedy point and click adventure game. Really, if you are in the mood for something a bit more serious this certainly isn't for you. The amount of reference humor and fourth wall breaking is turned up to the top on this one. At some parts even to the point where it was getting a bit too much for me. But overall the game's charm and cartoony style won me over.The puzzles and tasks were challenging, without turning too hard. It is often needed to go and talk to characters you have already talked to in order to progress, but since this is consistent throughout the entire game, it doesn't feel as out of place, as it could have if it had only been done on a single puzzle.You play as four characters through different parts of the game, and some parts you must switch between multiple characters to use the different strength.All four with different personality, experience in life, and view on the world. The story is very simple, but as one of the supporting cast puts it “The battle between good and evil is never cliché!”"
,Recommended,215160,12187053,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,D.G.,Amazing classic adventure game with a ton of games/movies insider jokes. Visually and technically very well executed as well! :)A good way to introduce people to point and click adventures.
76561198011233147,Recommended,215160,18963962,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,J3ST3R,"ONE OF THE BEST! (IMO)After playing more than a fair share of (point & click) adventure games in my life from all the way back in the beginning (in the 80's) up to present time, I have to say that this goes right in amongst my all-time favorites. It is a fantastic blend of humor, lovable characters, amazing artwork, intriguing puzzles/tasks to solve and excellent writing. It pleasantly breaks the 4th wall and shower us with references to games and movies alike that especially speak to the ones of us that has grown up with these types of games. I had many many ""Laugh Out Loud"" moments playing through this game, and it felt proper lengthy as well.The difficulty level was a bit up and down, and there was a handful of pixel hunts, plus quite a bit of running back and forth, but it didn't ruin the experience at all. There was so much fun going on when doing all those things that it didn't matter.The voice acting had me a bit worried at first as it seemed a bit flat at the very beginning, but it quickly escalated and felt proper good. The Welsh English dialect seem to suit this setting very well, as it did in Ni No Kuni. The sound effects and/or animation was a bit off at times, but easy to look past that.I can easily recommend this game to anyone who's into adventure games, or I'd actually go as far as call this a must have for any adventure fan. It would also be a good choice for people not familiar with these types of game and want to try one out.  It is well worth the money.Rated 9/10Happy gaming!J3ST3R"
,Recommended,215160,12620030,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Tambi,"So! You are a fan of point and click adventure games, but long gone are the days of Guybrush Threepwood, Roger Wilco, and purple tentacles. So, naturally, you've left games like that to the past, and whenever anyone tries to make a new one, it's all focused on graphics, never on story, never on humor, and certainly never the old 'combine these things to make this new thing to solve this puzzle'.Well, I can say that if that is what you are looking for, The Book of Unwritten Tales is for you. The humor is a good blend of clever, self-aware, and just plain groan-worthy. The puzzles are not too simple and not too complicated. Well...ok, maybe a BIT too simple. Most of them were actually pretty basic, though a few stood out as clever.My only complaints about this addition to the genre were fairly minor. One of the more classic moments in these types of games was in The Secret of Monkey Island where there was a whole string of events that happens outside of your control and everything occurs off screen with you just sitting there reading the text and listening to the sound effects. A direct homage to that happens in this game, but then a couple more times things similar to it happen....once was funny and a nice tribute, but multiple times sort of makes it feel like lazy writing or a way to advance the story when there's no logical way to tie two events together.The other issue I had with this was one of...I don't know...dialogue trees? Programming? I am unsure what it would fall under but on multiple occaisons I would find an item and go 'Oh...I wonder if person X would like this items...' and so I go to check and they respond with 'Oh, hey, thanks for getting me that thing I asked for, here is the item I promised in return.' Except that none of that dialogue happened. It skips it entirely. It's not really a PROBLEM, but it certainly breaks the scene a bit and makes you kind of annoyed that you missed what might have been some funny moments.Those gripes are minor, however, and I recommend this game a lot, even if you've never really played point and click adventures before as there isn't quite as many gaps in logic as you find in many others.P.S. My favorite character was the dragon."
76561198063628470,Recommended,215160,23280036,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,niko //CSGOFly.com,"The Book of Unwritten Tales is a classic Point & Click Adventure. It follows the paths of the gnome Wilbur, the human Nate, the elf Ivo and the Critter on their journey to save the world after the archaeologist Mortimer McGuffin finds a powerful artifact, that can decide the war between the Army of Shadows and the Alliance.The story sounds very clichee, but that is wanted, because the Book of Unwritten Tales is just one big parody of everything that has to do with fantasy, science fiction or adventure movies and is filled with many references to them. Even the music sometimes sound suspiciously close to some of Hollywood´s classics.The design of the game is very good for a Point & Click Adventure and fits the mood of the game very well. The 60 locations all have their own feel to them so that the game does not get boring. The Book of Unwritten Tales also did not fall for the trap, that many Point´n Clicks cannot avoid to step in. There are no annoying and unlogical puzzles. After some thinking everything makes sense, so that you do not have to randomly combine items without a certain goal. All in all the Book of Unwritten Tales was a really nice experience, that took me about thirteen hours to complete."
76561198051546064,Recommended,215160,23898621,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yamantaka,"This is cute, light, and funny.Its not a deep, complex, or thinking game - it could be played by 8 year oldsThere are no decisions to make, and you cannot make an error. Not a puzzle game, and not really a true adventure. If you don't mind the conventions of a point-and-click, then you would enjoy this. The experience is like clicking through a movie, imagine playing the movie 'Shrek' and you have an idea of whether you'll enjoy it or not.The strengths are the voice-acting, the graphics. The comedy is a plus, but not their strongest point.The weakness is that it can still manage to be tedious, and you turn off your brain to play."
76561198276204575,Recommended,215160,32699992,Posted: 23 June,all,Adler,"24 hours of completed wow game-play! 5 out of 5 for this absolute gem of a game/interactive story!3rd person point and click multi character role playing game!It’s a visual delight, soundtrack is perfect character‘s voices couldn‘t be more suited. Characters are defiantly character’s with the funniest not rated G lines I‘ve ever experienced in a game!From Wilbur to Death in bunny slippers (and the well placed game comments) and beyond the funny lines never quit!I laughed out loud (with headphones on) so ya might wanna be home alone. 8-/This is the most visually pleasing funniest game I’ve played to date!The Three Main Interactive characters are:1. Ivo aka  Ivodora Eleonora Clarissa-a Princess from Silver Forest2. Wilbur Weathervane- a Gnome from a bar/pub in White Ridge Mountain3. Nate- a Human freelance treasure hunter (humans have no imagination) ,)4+½ (limited time with) critter. A.. well, critter.Personally and it’ll be personal choice; I preferred playing as Wilbur!All three come together never knowing each other from different worlds to achieve a goal!They work together to get a sacred artifact to it’s destination for a Gremlin archeologist. Yes, I just said all that..In some scenes you take control of more than one and need to go back and forth to complete a task!Wilbur and Nate are wisecracking all the way!I was surprised at first when the Dev’s had Wilbur look right at me if I didn’t move on fast enough.. However, they all do throughout game-play! Clever!Just let Wilbur stand still awhile and see his hmm,, trying not to get this one edited.. Scratching.. Will that not be replaced with hearts????And be sure to keep clicking on “the chair” in Wilbur’s home before he heads off on his adventure.I’m in awe of this King Art developed game! I would have loved to spend a day in the minds that created this one.. Or forever!Quote:“ There are 60 locations to explore with a total of 40 non-player characters and about 250  Interactable items”End Quote:Yeah, there’s that all that too!If anyone thinks this is a childish or beginners game… Bahahahaha!!Huge thumbs up to King Art and all who worked on this nearly a decade old amazingly stunning purely brilliant fantasy adventure tale!"
76561197969808984,Recommended,215160,33803236,Posted: 26 July,all,Mellowcanuck_36,I started PC gaming in 1994. This game took me right back to the point and click era. Well done.
76561198007197608,Recommended,215160,23526832,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,[S]almon,"As someone who’s not normally a fan of point-and-click adventure games I wasn’t particularly excited when I sat down to play The Book of Unwritten Tales - but I got it on sale so I thought “what the heck.” I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. While the game follows the general rules of point-and-click adventures - you go from room to room picking up various objects and figuring out how they interact with each other and the enviroment -  what really sells the game is the humor.I find that it’s really hard to make games funny, but The Book of Unwritten Tales succeeds. The key is that the game just doesn’t take itself overly seriously. and the writers feel free to poke fun at it, and wider gaming topics, at will. In addition, the game makes you the think, but none of the puzzles feel unfair. You just have to be willing to spend some time poking around a bit and trying out different things. The whole game only takes about twenty hours to complete.There are certain points where I found particularly small items a little bit harder to find that I felt was fair - and the game doesn’t explain that you can right-click your items to find out more about them - but those are really my only complaints. The game might not be worth the full twenty bucks Steam is currently asking for, but it’s certainly worth picking up on sale!"
,Recommended,215160,32750688,Posted: 24 June,all,pixkat,I thoroughly enjoyed this old school game.  I highly recommend it for new and experienced gamers as it entertaining and quite amusing!
76561197993267443,Recommended,215160,32075370,Posted: 30 May,all,Skimmer,"Perhaps my favorite adventure game, competing closely with its sequel. As someone who came to adventure games late and missed some of the oricinal classics, I highly recommend this as an entry point."
,Recommended,215160,12501707,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,AquaDucki,"The ""Book of unwritten tales"" is a 3D point and click game where you're following some interesting characters. The game itself is beautifully designed, but the only thing I have to say about the design is that some objects can disappear for a few seconds and come back again. Another bad thing is that some of the items you need to find can be hard to see because of all the colours, even though I played the game in high resolution. Beside of that I think the game is well thought out with funny characters, funny quests, a good history, and an extremely funny ending.Keep doing what you are doing KING Art!8/10"
,Recommended,215160,21849826,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,OpelxFrost,"Solid PnC (Point and Click) adventure game that occassionally breaks the 4th wall to communicate with the playerPros======Similar to traditional PnC adventure game with the addition of spacebar to reveal clickable location (no more click-fest issue like in traditional PnC game)Cons======Voice acting is sub par (lack of emotion from the voice actor)Spacebar reveal of clickable area sometimes in the wrong location (NOTE: i was using a very high resolution, you probably won't get this bug in lower resolution)"
,Recommended,215160,31017629,Posted: 8 April,all,Kirby,"Happy to find this good point and click game. It has nice visuals, good puzzles and above all great sense of humor. Characters make fun of clishes in video games and movies, those moments bring a smile on your face."
76561198052344170,Recommended,215160,8235172,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,KittyKohai,"Fun point and click adventure game with great voice acting, lovely graphics and a wonderful story. The work of an independant game studio, this game is a good dose of light hearted humor, cliches and references to classic games and deserves to be more well known. It gave me many hours of amusement and felt very satisying to complete. Would whole-heartedly recommend"
76561198087400910,Recommended,215160,12243953,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,wheelingalong24,"I LOVED this game. It reminded me so much of the click & point (or point & click, w/e) games I used to play as a kid. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes humour in games or who enjoys click & point. In fact anyone who has ever played a fantasy game will find this really really fun.One of the best games I have ever played ^^"
,Recommended,215160,14557627,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LinuxGamer1920,"First and foremost let's take a look at the technical aspect of the game, especcially on how well it was ported over to Linux.The Book of Unwritten Tales is in my humble opinion a terrible Linux port. Not surprising if you ask me, since this has been ported by Nordic Games GmbH, the very same company that brought us Deadfall Adventures. My review of Deadfall Adventures speakes for itself (feel free to read it), and I swore to myself to never ever buy anything that has been published, ported or remotly touched by Nordic Games again. But I guess the sales wh*re in me couldn't resist Steam's €4.99 special sale lol.The game was release in 2012 for Linux, where multiple users reported countless bugs and even some of them game breaking, they still have not been fixed by Nordic Games until today. In fact, I had to replace library files, edit a bash scrip to even get the ingame settings menu to run properly. Not to mention the black bars on the right and left hand-side of the screen, although the game resultion is set to 1920X1080 - 16:9. This is totally unexceptable and mere laziness of the publisher/developer, considering that 3 years have passed  since the game was initially released for Linux. As I have alrady previously stated  in my Deadfall Adventures review, Nordic Games should consult Feral Interactive or Aspyr on how to properly port games over to Linux. From now on, no matter how cheap their games are, even if they throw them at me, I won't buy/play them!!!Now that we have the technical issues sorted out and you know what you can expect when you buy and install the game on Linux. How good is the game itself?If you want to feel like you're on a quest as Frodo Baggins was in Lord of the Rings, or be reminded of Yoda from Star Wars when a little gremlin appears in the palm of your hand, or just enjoy being in a magical world like Harry Potter, you will look forward to sitting down and opening The Book of Unwritten Tales. You will be going on an adventure with four characters but I like Wilbur Weathervane. I'm routing for you little guy, by the way he's a gnome. The controls are very easy to learn - just point and click. Press the spacebar if you get befuddled but use it sparingly.The creative author weaved a unique tale of good vs. evil. With a swish and flick of their paint brush, the imaginative graphic artists will whisk you off to an enchanted world. The voice actors with their wee bit of a Scottish accent have the best voices to tell a story, and hearing the sounds of birds singing, bees buzzing, potions exploding, wind blowing while you're atop a dragon, helps to immerse you into the story.So all in all the game is superb, if it wasn't only for that poorly executed Linux port by Nordic Games.  I can only reccomend the game and give it a thumbs up!!!!!!"
,Recommended,215160,13831018,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,PlasmaWasp,"I LOVE you and your humor, KING Art!!! This game will bring you hours of fun even if you are not extremely interested in point & click adventure games. It has a wonderful graphics, not too complicated puzzles and wonderfully atmospheric background music. You really want to hear all the dialogues, because they make fun of everything and everyone, especially some groups of people... ;)What surprised me the most was that you could play as more characters at the same time and control them by switching between them. It was really a good experience for me when there were two of them, but at some point you get to play three characters and at this point the switching gets really annoying because most of the time it's about waiting when they return to their previous positions. One of them even got stuck once. Thankfully, they didn't go for it more than once for a short while, because this was really the only negative thing I could think of after finishing the game.23 hours of gameplay done so I am leaving you my beloved game! I am leaving you with this goodbye gift review hoping it will motivate someone to pick you up again!"
76561198244387248,Recommended,215160,24979294,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kina-chan,"This game was fun and adorable, there's not much more I can ask for.  There were tons of pop culture references that made my inner geek spaz out with excitement!  I adored the characters, too.The only complaint I really have is about the tedium of going back and forth between places later in the game.  There was a map function that let you more or less warp to SOME places, but I would have liked it if you could fast travel everywhere.  Oh well, it was really just a mild annoyance.Overall this game was great and I recommend it to anyone interested in point & click adventure games!"
,Recommended,215160,8486597,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Saftle,This was an amazing game. Literally one of the best point & click adventure games I've ever played. It totally brought me back to games like The Day of the Tentacle and the original Sam & Max: Hit the Road.This game should absolutely not be missed by anyone that enjoys the genre. Downloading the prequel as I write this!11/10
,Not Recommended,215160,28237696,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Femoral Artillery,"I do not recommend this game to adventure fans.  It is broken broken broken.  And there's a guitar hero style reflex-based section that ALL ADVENTURE GAMERS HATE, that you can't bypass in any way, and is essential for progression.  I stopped playing, because it was so infuriating.  Not worth it for our style of gaming.  Terrible.  It's a shame, because the story was pretty good up to that point."
,Recommended,215160,29499107,Posted: 26 January,all,pringles_blue,"Little boring between here and there, but overall it was very enjoyable."
76561198049160458,Recommended,215160,24314750,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,iiTompa,"When I first started this game I was slightly apprehensive, I didn't quite like the animations of the game and I was on the verge of quitting. Thankfully I didn't!! The Book of Unwritten Tales is one of my favorite games ever. Lovable (and hateable) characters that with their well-written and witty dialouge kept me entertained throughout a game that references and makes fun of so many of my favorite fantasy adventures.So for you people who love point and click (a plus if you're a fantasy fan) I whole-heartedly recommend this game."
76561197999090318,Recommended,215160,25054266,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,wellspokenman,"Awesome point and click fun with terrific writing, but not worth it at full price. Also note that 16:9 is not supported"
,Recommended,215160,15119245,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Kira,"The Book of Unwritten TalesI personally had never heard of this little gem until I watched Jesse Cox's Fan Fr-aturday where he played The Book of Unwritten Tales 2,watch it here.  During that gameplay, I found that the game's quirky comments, characters, music, and look was really entertaining.  Of course, it was clear that there was some story involved, and having never heard of the series, I decided to play it from the beginning.The game itself is a point-&-click puzzle rpg.  Meaning, movement, interactions, even crafting, all just simply requires your mouse.  It is set in a medieval fantasy-esque world where there are mages, dragons, gnomes, elves, bounty hunters... The world is very colorful indeed.Visuals:  This game was released in 2009, and the graphics are pretty evident of that.  It is by no means an ugly game, it is very colorful and the characters all are very unique.  The animated scenes are nothing to boast about, but it could be worse.  Overall, compared to games that are out today, the visuals are in short, dated, and the characters look quite... odd.  Especially the wood elf, Ivo.  That being said, I still enjoyed the look of the game keeping it's age in mind.Sound:  The music is lovely, though, there isn't a huge variety of tracks.  Still, the music fits the various scenes you are in, and, doesn't get annoying after listening to it over and over, especially if you get stuck in an area.  The character voices are charming, and fit each of the characters.  Sounds of the various items in the world and creatures, all good.  No complains on sound at all.Controls:  As I said, this is a point and click game.  So, you can pretty much toss your keyboard to the side and just sit back with a cup of tea in one hand, mouse in the other and have at it.  There are some areas where the positioning of the various items you interact with are close to your ""items"" toolbar, which sometimes calls for maneuvering of the character's positioning, if possible.  The item's tool bar goes into auto hide until you hover your mouse down over the area, then it pops right up like toast from a toaster.  The cursor often changes to a orangey-red color when you are hovering over an item you can interact with, so if you get stuck, scanning around for intractable items is a good way to try to figure out how to move forward.  Overall, I had no issues with the controls.Story:  The story was... well, broken up into four chapters.  Each chapter taking you into a different area.  There is no epic background story of the world and various characters like you would find in some rpgs.  In fact, there's a war going on between an evil witch queen and her creatures verses the arch mage and the humans, dwarves, and so on.  The mission is to prevent the evil queen from obtaining something that can shift the balance of the war, yet, it really felt the war was just a simple backdrop and most of the game was the characters bumbling about.  The interactions between the characters are preciously adorable at times, and over all, it is entertaining.Puzzles:  For the most part, the puzzles were not too difficult.  Some, easier than others.  My problem was that I would already have figured out how to solve the puzzle, but, would be ten steps ahead of what the game itself has lined up.  So instead of doing steps 1-5 in consecutive order, I would do step one, and see already how to complete step 5.  Of course, that would leave me running around trying to figure out where the hell do I go for steps 2-4.  The game is pretty forgiving, dialog options allow you to redo them if you selected the incorrect choice, and most puzzles just reset if you made a mistake.Ending:  The ending did feel a bit abrupt, and, while I felt that great sensation of completing a game, I felt that the ending was a bit rushed.TL:DRThe Book of Unwritten Tales is a fun and witty puzzle rpg, of the point-&-click kind.  The puzzles vary in difficulty, but to the perceptive and detailed oriented player, they should be no problem.  Story is a bit short and unengaging, but it doesn't really matter for the game play.  Characters are fun and unique enough, providing entertaining dialogues.  Over all I'd recommend this game to anyone who is interested in the genre and isn't picky about the dated look."
,Recommended,215160,12514395,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SsAaBmEuRs,"Just finished the game and here are my thoughts.8.5/10Pros:The story was interesting enough to keep me playing.Voice acting was decent.Puzzles made sense.I LOVED the artwork!Characters were pretty good.Cons:Animations were quite horrible.Overall, I enjoyed it thoroughly. Very solid point and click adventure!"
76561198048132861,Recommended,215160,14424866,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Castledoque,"The Book of Unwritten Tales is a nostalgic yet modern game that simultaneously satirizes and embraces the clichés of classic adventure and RPG games and the tropes of epic fantasy sagas. Fun, beautiful to look at, with likeable characters and an engaging story, it features clever, albeit relatively easy, puzzles and constitutes a quality benchmark for traditional adventure games. Highly recommended!Full Review:http://adventureadvocate.gr/gamereviews/item/book"
76561198079871235,Recommended,215160,22226247,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Obas Ruet,"It was fun and enjoyable and met my expectations for the type of game that it is.My only complaint is the number of times I had to use a walkthrough to figure things out.  I wish there was a way to figure out all the places you can click.  It really was the small stuff you didn't see that kicks your butt from moving forward.  I understand it's hard to make it all clear, but it is frustrating.Still, if you like this kind of game, play it.  I'm glad I did.  I do recommend it."
,Recommended,215160,28659062,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Terminator,"Great game! Enjoyed it till the last moment. Love it, the story, the humer, the characters. So relaxing, simple, and yet nice!"
,Recommended,215160,3915724,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Encephalon,"The Book of Unwritten Tales is a point-and-click adventure video game created by German developer King Art originally released in 2009 in Germany and translated to English and re-released in 2011.Despite being originally released in 2009, the graphics still looks very beautiful and hand-drawn with alot of attention to details which makes this a beautiful journey to adventure in. Animations are smooth and fluid and the whole game is just looks very pleasing to the eye. The cutscenes could use some improvements however, as they are lower resolution pre-rendered videos with no option for subtitles even though the game itself supports it.Music is also very orchestral and professional sounding, with nice little jingles accompanied with sweeping epic symphonies. Voice acting is really very good and each of the voices add alot of substance to the characters.The story itself is about 14 hours long and is an interesting and light-hearted tale that pokes fun at itself and pays homage to alot of fantasy and RPG stereotypes.Although there are no in-game hint system, the puzzles are not very difficult and feels just right. There are however some puzzle minigames that may require a little dexterity (Eg: a rhythm based music game)For younger gamers who have not played the classic old Lucasarts adventure games however, they may not get some of the jokes. For the most part though, the overall plot is easy to understand, entertaining and a clever plot mechanic near the end certainly surprised me. The ending was a little abrupt however, and while the game does end in a cliffhanger, it is still quite satisfying.Downside, there was a potential game stopping bug relatively early in the game and I was lucky to have had a savegame beforehand. (Protip: Do not press ESC when you are doing the Wheel of Fortune, because if you do, the character animations will just loop and you will not be able to progress further)Other minor annoyances include not being able to make the character walk faster, and the typical ""mouse-over everything on the screen until something is clickable"" type of situations. (2nd Protip: Pressing Spacebar will allow you to see ALL the clickable locations on the screen. Be forwarned however that this might make the game a little too easy.) There are also no bonus features to unlock once you've beaten the main game thus lowering the replayability value.Overall Rating: 8.0 / 10Old-school adventure gamers will enjoy this game and appreciate some of the jokes which would bring back some nostalgic memories. It is not a very difficult game, and you don't have to think out of the box. For newer gamers who have never played an adventure game, this is an excellent introduction for you. Definitely well worth a look. Don't miss it."
76561198013964338,Recommended,215160,10953335,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ankh,"+ Humor+ Lots of references to novels, movies, pop culture and they are funny+ Fantasy World (Orcs, Elves, Gnomes etc. )+ Critter :P- Bad and slow animations- Easy puzzlesAs a result i recommend it. Is it classic? Nope ! But if u like point and click adventure games, its a 'must buy'."
76561198142482886,Not Recommended,215160,29104444,Posted: 7 January,all,marja-e,"With my coordination issues, I can't finish the game.If you have coordination issues, or rsi, or both, I doubt you will be able to either.I enjoyed the first parts of the story, but now I am supposed to mix a potion, and it requires perfect timing, and perfect coordination, and a lot of awkward circular mouse-movement. I can't reach the later parts."
76561198202989419,Recommended,215160,30512868,Posted: 14 March,all,aaguthridge,"Let me preface this review with the fact that I played book of unwritten tales 2 before I played this one.  I loved it just as a much.  I feel like it's funny without trying to hard.  The puzzles are not easy, but not impossible to work out.  There were a few times I was tempted to open up a walkthrough, but re-visiting what I had available ultimately allowed me to complete the game without help.  I really hope they continue with this series.  I am a huge fan of point & click adventure from monkey island, grim fandango, all the way to more modern games like kelvin and the infamous machine, machnimarium, deponia and inner world. To the developer please keep making games like this and night of the rabbit!"
76561198117374265,Recommended,215160,14888804,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,BatGirlJack,This was the most fun I've had playing an adventure game. It's not too difficult so you can usually figure out solutions on your own and the game and dialogue were really funny.  You will not regret buying this game. Such a blast.
,Recommended,215160,18469365,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Olli,Great game if you like point and click games with alot of funny jokes and puzzels. Not very hard so some might be dissapointed.
76561198007218654,Recommended,215160,2429572,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Gorger,"One of the funniest adventure titles I've played in a good while. So many great  pop-culture references from various movies, books and video games. The humour itself reminded me a lot of the good old Lucasarts era, which made me want to replay the old Monkey Island games again.Voice acting was very good, with lots of interesting characters and a decent story that borrows everything from Lord of the Rings to Star Wars. The length was fairly long for being an adventure game, and it gave me nearly 20 hours of entertainment. But I must admit the ending felt a little rushed and it should have used some more explaining, polish and freshening up.It's sad to see how unappreciated these games are now a days, but they are slowly making their way back. Germany has been making a lot of great adventure titles lately, and they've really become the new adventure kings.Like they hinted in the ending, hopefully we will see a sequel sometime in the future."
,Recommended,215160,12323300,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Jav_Rock,"One of the best games I have ever played. For me this game has become a cult game and it is a must-have if you like adventure games.The plot is brilliant, the characters are amazing and the puzzles are cool, not difficult but very creative in my opinion."
76561198002365539,Recommended,215160,12076964,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Goiter,"The Book of Unwritten Tales is a high quality point & click adventure with good voice acting,great humor and fairly straight forward,but enjoyable, puzzles.The game is great value for money and is the first modern adventure game I have thoroughly enjoyed in a long time.8/10"
,Recommended,215160,11314650,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Swivel Chair Philosopher,"Adventure games are few and far between these days. This one kept me amused and entertained for the two days it took me to beat it. There were a lot of pot-shots taken at adventure games and fantasy story-telling that broke down the fourth wall. If you were a big King's Quest fan, you'll probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,215160,10729580,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,GothicHM,A great little adventure game which lovingly pokes fun at fantasy adventures. This is very funny and fun to play. It is a little on the short side but as long as you don't use any FAQs will keep you occupied for around 10 hours. Definitly worth buying and look out for the newer stuff too.89:100
76561197967397955,Recommended,215160,15860865,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,smoke,"Liked the game, the first half of the game was especially good.It's a warm charming slow paced game."
76561197972508185,Recommended,215160,11184257,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,paraflexx,"This game brings out the best in Story, simple animation, and puzzle RPG's.   Its a nice relief when I'm tired of playing Skyrim or FC3 and when I just want to sit back. point and click, and just get involved in the game.   The story is great, and the puzzles are not too complicated.  IF they were really hard you wouldnt enjoy the games other content.I normally play a wide range of games, but I always have a slot for a good adventure point and click with humor.   Great game and I cant wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,215160,2980887,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,ROCK LOBSTA [SSC],"It's alright. It's a point and click adventure that pokes fun at everything from Lord of The Rings to World of Warcraft. If point and click ain't your fancy, don't get this. If you have a raging hard-on for them, however, and want a few cheap laughs- have at it."
,Recommended,215160,7619426,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Bastwood,"What do you know: A proper, lengthy fantasy adventure that's actually quite good, although doesn't really reach greatness.Perhaps it's because the game is stuck a bit too much in the past, with a metric ton of references to classic LucasArts adventures in conversations, situations and puzzles alike. I'm sure the designers meant some of the puzzles as homages to the originals, but they just seemed like swiped material to me. Also, you don't need to be breaking the fourth wall with a jokey pop culture reference every 15 minutes or so. I liked the game best when it was just doing its own thing, not when it was imitating others.Maybe it's because the game does begin to falter in its latter half, with puzzles becoming more and more about just clicking everything in sight, locations getting reused and re-reused, and the narrative getting a bit muddled with constantly switching protagonists. I think a more focused approach with a couple of hours of fat trimmed from the gameplay might have worked better.Anyhow, not a bad adventure game. Some of the scripting could use some work, but technically this was rather nice with polished graphics, unobtrusive music and a smooth interface. Doesn't trump Daedalic, the reigning German adventure-makers, but doesn't stray too far behind."
76561198046201581,Recommended,215160,29691287,Posted: 4 February,all,Timbit,I love this game so much! Can be a little overly complex at times but so much fun. The copious amount of dialogue don't even feel tedious (like some point&clicks) because it is very well written and funny. 10/10 and have played both of the others currently availible.
,Recommended,215160,24122741,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,altkc,"I really like point and click games, and so far I'm enjoying The Book of Unwritten Tales because it's a pretty game, the storyline is interesting and the characters are adorable. I play it to relax at the end of the day. The only thing that I didn't like in the beginning was that you have to explore the item before you can grab it, and sometimes it got a little bit annoying, but I'm used to that right now. It's a game I'd recommend for someone who likes point and click, wants to relax and enjoy a nice story :)EDIT: Now that I've finished the game I can give a proper review. I liked the pace of the story, the ending was fun, but what really annoyed me were the bugs. I had to download a file of the game's saves and constantly use them to keep being able to play, otherwise I'd be stuck. Sometimes I even stopped playing because I didn't want to close the game, search for the file and go back again. I really hope they fixed those issues on The Book of Unwritten Tales II."
,Recommended,215160,24502761,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,balkcat,Awesome game. Very fun. It has a very fun story and awesome characaters. The best thing is that there is a role playing inside the role playing!!!
,Recommended,215160,23412007,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ArcaneM37,"Stellar game. It had me literally laughing out loud multiple times. The humor was right up my ally.The puzzles were clear, and the prompts were helpful if you got stuck. I never felt a need to go to a walkthrough, and I never got stuck enough to get frustrated. I did, however heavily utilize the space bar (which reveals all the clickable points) which is a great feature for a game such as this.The plot was really engaging and I was so thrilled to find that there was a part 2 once I finished it because I definitely wasn't done laughing with these characters.10/10 Please hit me really hard in the face so I can play it for the first time again."
76561198170310923,Recommended,215160,25928554,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Poppydot,"I bought this game  after reading some reviews which were mostly positive and I am so glad that I did.I have been playing the game  since I bought it and even though I bought it on offer I would have paid full price and not been disappointed.I bought the entire series offer and I am still enjoying the the first edition The Book of Unwritten tales so lots to look forward too when I get there!All I can say really is the story is engaging, the art work is beautiful, the unique way in which you play a number of characters to me is different and they also help each other out which takes a new perspective on things I have never been bored once.I have played about 14 hrs so far over the time I have owned it and thought I may have played enough now to write a review.I was a bit worried initally because it was point and click and wether it would be too old fashioned but no way is it! The puzzles are sometimes perplexing but you always get there in the end.The humour  is also a winner for me  very tongue in cheek and if you have played other famous games you will recognise all the jokes .All in all I am very glad to have found this set of games and if you are a fan of this genre then go for it you won't be disappointed."
76561198143552942,Recommended,215160,26176439,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,berserkorangutan768,"Oh, what a wondrous game! My words can hardly bring justice to the game's magnificence! Easily one of my favorite games of all time. This game is one that ALL should experience for themselves!Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Vivid and loveable characters-Charming humor, particularly when breaking the fourth wall-Really makes you think, but nothing too hard-Music that really nails the sense of adventureCons:-The only real problem I experienced was frequent lagging. Usually getting my character into another room solved the problem, but sometimes the game just completely crashed. This happened very often.-Only get one opportunity to play as Critter...towards the very end of the game.9/10"
,Recommended,215160,12285859,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sethyr,"As a point-and-click veteran, the puzzles weren't the hardest in the world, but it did require a lot of thinking before I could get a few things figured out. The plot wasn't all that superior either, but humor is, as the norm for most point-and-click games, amazing. I'm probably just easily entertained, but I loved the colorful characters and the world they were in. Clever use of parody and wit was able to make me smile, and that's all it takes to make me love a game..... Yeah I'm starting to think I really am easily entertained.The use of using three different characters in order to proceed was an amazing concept, and I really wished that it continued using that mechanic throughout the whole game. But unfortunately it was only for a short period of time, although a new character, Critter, was introduced later with another ability that I loved. and Critter's pure existence makes me love the game even more. A character that's more intelligent that it seems and speaks in gobbledigook? Sign me up.Conclusion: 8/10Definitely recommended for point-and-click maniacs like myself. Gonna play Critter Chronicles and will eagerly wait for the sequel."
,Recommended,215160,18360670,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,rain_desu,Great game :)
,Recommended,215160,12115223,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,GrowlitheAppears,"The Book of Unwritten Tales - a very amusing and beautiful game, especially if the gamer loves roleplay games and movies.In the beginning the player gets to know all important characters and is able to get to know some background stories of them. It's not important for the storyline but for me it's a fact that shows that the developers had fun creating the game and really thought about the whole story - not only the key-elements. Moreover the characters really show some personality and mostly are really likeable it's funny to see how they react in different situations. Besides the game is able to appear beautiful and very well constructed, it does not take itself serios. There are a lot of, to my mind, really funny jokes - about roleplay games, movies and even about the game itself. These jokes are able to remind the player that he's just playing a game by refering to real life situations. Furthermore the game criticises the whole fantasy world by showing off that the people inside the game try to flee from it but by giving that detail the criticism of the fantasy world turns out to be a criticism of our world or how we try to escape from it. The developers did not care for hiding references, they pointed them out shamelessly and obviously, what for me turned out to be even funnier - you might find some Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, Star Wars and even Mission Impossible in it. By being that honest about how made up the world is the player does not even care about the lack of logic in that world. It's easy to accept that everything can be explained with magic, what makes the whole game chilly so that the player is able to fully enjoy that world. In conclusion the game is able to transfer some valueable lessons, while it does not take itself serious and gives a whole lot of funny jokes.The graphics of the game, also are really beautiful. It's a smoothe and colorful style and the world is designed really amazing and rich on details. During the journey the player can see a whole lot of different regions, like ice regions or elvenforests and all of them are designed in the same lovely way. Despite that really nice graphics the game still contains some difficulties - for example the walking animations sometimes mess up and let the characters float above the ground and the cutscenes look a bit trashy and very pixely (maybe that was because my settings but I think I had them at highest). I played the german version because I did not know how to switch languages and it turned out that for the german version the synchronisation is not well made. But these facts don't make the game less amazing.Some people complained that the riddles do not make any sense and force the player to do stupid things but in my opinion that's not true. If you play point and click adventures you'll always have some creative riddles, therefore you just have to be a little bit creative. Most of the riddles in that game are easy and not weird at all and the ones that are, are apologized by the game itself. Right from the beginning it points out that it won't make much sense. And even if the player has a lack of creativity it's still possible to solve that riddles by try and error or pushing the space button to see if there's something more. I know point and click adventures (e.g. The Whispered World) who are much more challenging and give riddles which really let you make stupid things. The Book of Unwritten Tales is one of the easier point and click adventures and follows a strict line, thus it's hard to really get stuck.All in all The Book of Unwritten Tales is a very beautiful and funny game, which is able to show you a world full of magic and magical creatures and after all it is not far from our own world. It gives you really nice characters and a story so full of cliché that it's hilarious. The animations and synchro are not great at all but that does not necessarily do any harm to the game. It took me about 2 hours less than promised but I think it's worth using 18 hours of lifetime to be amused by the game."
,Recommended,215160,18758436,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Fion,"Excellent actors, excellent story! Lots of references to other genres and movies. So much was put into the game and the art so so well done! The environments were amazing and the humor was as well!Absolutely great game!"
,Recommended,215160,20641447,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tankmaster077,It was a great adventure. Loved the mummy.10/10
,Recommended,215160,24096982,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,fnosen5,"This game is just amazing! I like the atmosphere . . . the story (which is solid and f*ckin* interesting), the music is good and the puzzles are just well done! This isn't my favourite genre of games but this game definitely is one of my favs. :) Yeah you should definitely play it even if you are not a quest fen. :)))"
76561198024524273,Recommended,215160,29726386,Posted: 5 February,all,=MGC= Steel,Fun easy puzzle like game. Worth the price.
,Recommended,215160,29881876,Posted: 12 February,all,Miss Spider Von Bun Bun,"Definitely had a lot more story and gameplay than I was expecting. The only real annoying bits were the inability to run and missing little details hidden away that required pressing spacebar to find. Oh, and those evil fellows in the caves who bring you back to the start repeatedly. For walking slowly through that whole place is maddening, especially when one apparently has overlooked the existence of an entire small cavern tucked away just out of sight. Looking everywhere is key.After looking through the illustrations in the credits as well, I feel as though I would have loved the gameplay much more if it had left in that form. It looks much better than the 3D format."
,Recommended,215160,29937258,Posted: 15 February,all,denishk1,"When I boght a game, I didnt know much about it and didnt have high (any) expetations. Main reason why i bought it was becasue it is an adventure which as genre i enjoy playing. Quick scope on rewievs (both personal and profesional (ie gaming magazines) was indicatiing highly quality game.After finishing it, shortest description of it would be like trying a most trendy, hip cocktail in town which everybody is driniking and telling you that its amazing, but you just have a sour taste in your mouth after trying it.Now, game is not bad, its just.... in the middle.Game is dancing on the line between comedy / parody of fantasy RPG genre and the story of heroes who are saving a world. Comedy / parody part really didnt work for me. Jokes are way too cliche and outdated to be intresting or fun. Majority of jokes are directed to mocking WoW which I see as plain laziness of authors. Few jokes would fit better (maybe) but when majority of it is in that direction, it just dont cut it. Most fun part for me was sarcastic personality of Captain Nate which is present in his conversatons. Ivo has her moments too in that light. Since parody goes deeply into game, its hard to take story anyhow seriosuly which by itself look unfinished or full of holes (if its intented to be done in the way how it was). Shortest summray of story would be: heroes are on the mission to hide already hidden artifact even from themself. Yes, i know how it sound and thats how it feels when you finish the game. In the end, it doesnt feel like there is any big or inspiring story, just a bunch of lined side quests.Puzzles are pretty simplistic and not presenting any singnificant challenge,In the end, game is not bad and for players who didnt play much or at all adventure games, it is a a very decent introducton to a genre. For a veterans, it is an easy, relaxing piece.I dont regret buying (and playing ) TBoUT but I dont think that I would miss much if i didnt."
76561198037005387,Recommended,215160,30010085,Posted: 18 February,all,Lillypu,"A fun, enjoyable point and click game."
76561198268115454,Recommended,215160,24159659,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,fionamaher55,Loved this game. Interesting story and artwork. Easy click and play. Got stuck on Indian Raindance but easy to overwrite.Can recommend to anyone who to likes to immerse themselves in a game without overtaxing their brains.  Wilbur is adorable!
76561198009352825,Recommended,215160,8312570,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,pszuch,"A great adventure game, stands up well to the classics. Definitely get this if you like adventure games."
76561198028327993,Recommended,215160,8157160,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Guidokun,"This game will make you smile. I picked up this game and the Critter Chronicles and loved every minute of it. It was a trip back in time to playing games like Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island. The puzzles are fun, the story is interesting and light hearted, and the music feels epic. The odd ball characters and 4th wall breaking jokes will have you laughing out loud.Game play is not difficult. The inventory system is simple and easy to use. If you like point and click adventures, you will love this game."
,Recommended,215160,23252406,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"I love this game. The puzzles aren't as crazily difficult like the Deponia series but are solvable by using simple intuition and the Spacebar. I enjoy solving the puzzles but they are more of a ""If you can't do this, keep clicking on any other available spot""PROS1. Good GraphicsThe 3D is a step up from the cartoonish drawings of the Deponia Series.2. Interesting WorldTransport Dragons, Mummies, Elves, Gnomes, Orcs, Mages and Death himself.3. Good TitleBook of Unwritten Tales. Very catchy.4. Weird IdeasUsing a Telephone Booth (aka Tardis concept) to teleport? Interesting.CONS1. LinearityThere is really only 1 way to solve a puzzle and your choices don't really matter at all. You are just solving one puzzle to get to the next.2. Dead WorldYou can't interact with anything except what the developers want you to interact with. There is nothing that you can interact with for fun.3. Colour IssuesWhen you make a potion, purple is not pink.4. Number of StirsHow do you count 3 stirs clockwise? Why is not stirring considered a foul?5. Abrupt EndingThe ending was so easy and abrupt.SUGGESTIONS1. Removing the LinearityI would suggest referring to the Witcher series for examples on how to use multiple ways to solve one issue. Or the Osbourne kids' books.2. The Mighty Card GameIt would have been great to have a real Mighty card game within this game."
76561198024972696,Recommended,215160,8991823,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""The Book of Unwritten Tales"" is only a borderline ""Recommend.""  For positives, it's got a good story, good graphics, good humor, and an easy-to-use interface.  Unfortunately, the negatives come very close to outweighing those positives.  First, some minor gripes:  first, there's a puzzle about half way through the game that involves having to change the state of various objects in a scene.  But, the ways to do that are entirely arbitrary and non-obvious.  Second, theres a dancing puzzle in the game.  Don't ask me why there's a muscle twitch challenge in a point-and-click adventure.  But, it's irritating.Next, the medium-level negative:  except for the two puzzles noted above, every other challenge in the game is bone-obvious.  There's no real challenge here:  walk around in a scene or two, pick up everything, talk to everyone, and do the obvious.  Rinse and repeat.And, finally, the big one:  the game is just plain tiresome.  Almost boring.  The trivial challenges are one thing.  But, then you've got those beautiful animations that just slow the pace down to snails in molasses in January.  Yes.  You can left-click again to skip most of the animated and spoken dialogs once you've read the lines.  Ditto for many (but not all) of those animations of walking around.  But, still, the game just drags.  It's a darn shame.  I finished the whole game and thought it was worthwhile (gorgeous work).  But, it's a close thing.  Still, overall, it's OK."
76561198012115723,Recommended,215160,21657114,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Corvus-corax,Really good Point & Click Adventure game! Not really complicated with nice story and has a great sense of humor!
76561198076272404,Recommended,215160,21753093,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,SnakeEyes | gamekit.com,Pretty entertaining game so far. Story is funny at some times and mildly annoying at other. The scavenger hunt / puzzle blend mixed with pertinent conversation choices make for a fun challenege give these games a shot.
76561198053561874,Recommended,215160,21843510,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Menzagitat,A nice game. The puzzles are not very difficult. A good game for a weekend.
,Recommended,215160,18005267,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,physicsmongoose,"I can't believe the reviews for this game are less than 99% - 100% positive.  I agree with the positive reviews.  If you like point-and-click adventure games (especially ones with references to pop/geek culture), then play this game!"
76561198004726871,Recommended,215160,15930936,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Storcy,"A very charming game. The difficulty is nothing to brag about but it more than makes up for it by its great storyline and the fantastic characters, especially the lovable gnome Vilbur. The game doesn't take itself too seriously which fits the entire game really well. It's a great game to relax to with a good sense of humor.The puzzles are overall easy to figure out and most of the time it's not the lust for solving puzzles that keeps you going, but the urge to see and hear how the character react when they interact with objects and other characters and also to see where the crazy story takes you next.I highly recommend this game. I'm currently replaying it after a few years and it still delivers!Well worth the money."
,Recommended,215160,3800748,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,///cl4ym4n.de >:3,"The Book of Unwritten Tales is a fantasy point and click adventure game with pretty much everything you would expect from a fantasy game: gnomes, elves, ogres, dragons, magic, artifacts, you name it.The story is rather simple: An incredibly powerful artifact must be retrieved before the evil mage Munkus and his fiendish mother get their, uh, tentacles on it, so you - Wilbur Weathervane, a small gnome - head out on your quest to save the world from unthinkable evil. On your journey you cross paths with the wood elf princess Ivo, the treasure hunter Nate and his furry critter pet, who join you and help you on your important mission.Being a point and click adventure, there's not much to say about the controls. You point at things and then, surprise, click them. Apart from one puzzle, the game can entirely be played with the mouse only, so it's perfect to lay back in your chair and relax.Since the point and click genre usually doesn't leave much space for weird gameplay experiments, the presentation of the story, the level design and characters are what keep the boat floating, all of which are things that The Book of Unwritten Tales does exceedingly well.Beautifully designed levels, extremely likeable characters, great voice acting, fitting music, the hilarious dialogues and all the, more or less subtle, side blows at the RPG and fantasy genre make TBoUT clearly stand out from the masses of point and click adventure games.Puzzle-wise, TBoUT seems to be more aimed at novice and casual point and click players, so the puzzle elements are rather easy and not a huge challenge for experienced P'n'C fans. Personally, I don't mind it at all because it keeps the whole game on a constant feel-good level without ever getting frustrating to the point where you NEED to google for a walkthrough.From the technical side, the only thing to complain about is the lack of FullHD-support, so you end up with black bars at the left and right of your screen. However, once you've sunken into the game, you hardly ever notice them.The playthrough took me pretty much exactly 13 hours with quite a bit of trial-and-error, backtracking and so on. The game could probably be beaten in less time, but then again... point and click adventures are made to sit back and relax and not rush through them as fast as possible, right?If you're new to the point and click genre, The Book of Unwritten Tales is a prime example of what the P'n'C genre is capable of, so it's the perfect game to start with. If you're a P'n'C veteran, you probably already have played the game... and if not, then what are you waiting for?"
76561197963164050,Recommended,215160,140958,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,NighT WolF,"One of the best adventures ive played so far. Great Music, the graphic is lovely designed and all charakters are unique and remarkable in this game. There wasnt a single frustrating or unlogical puzzle, but they could have been a little bit harder. I missed some challenges, where you have to think about more, than just combine some items. All players who love adventure games with a well written story should definitely buy it."
76561198142010760,Recommended,215160,13988409,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mrs.Quisty,"This game was hilarious. It's basically a parody of some of the most popular fantasy movies.Nice graphics, funny memorable characters and quite easy puzzles. If you get stuck you can press spacebar to see what objects you may have missed.Would recommend. Waiting for the sequel."
76561198012962211,Recommended,215160,9896940,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Tallowhand,"A fun, well-voiced point-and-click adventure game with some of the prettiest CGI graphics I've ever seen in a game. I greatly enjoyed it and recommend it highly. Should appeal to fans of Terry Pratchett, Monty Python, Piers Anthony & Robert Asprin. Good, solid entertainment at a great price."
76561198036943999,Not Recommended,215160,28115535,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SamuraiJones,"Some of the dialog in this game is quite amusing, but that's about the only thing it has going for it. Story is dumb, graphics are alright but animation is klunky. I think more than half the puzzles take the form of ""person wants to trade item A for item B"" sequences, and alot of it's very nonsensical.I guess if you play adventure games by just randomly clicking items until something works, then this one might be good for a few cheap laughs, but it's not what I was hoping for."
,Recommended,215160,12140703,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,slastyonysh,Great game! Much fun! I strongly recommend it to all!
,Recommended,215160,3193544,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,DarkStarSword,"Good, solid well-written adventure game. I think this just took a position among my top three adventure games of all time along with Toonstruck and The Longest Journey."
76561198116587048,Recommended,215160,30094289,Posted: 21 February,all,Prancer Pyro,"Honestly I thought it was going to be something completely different, but the game turned out to be pretty fun, if a bit on the short side."
,Recommended,215160,17142883,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Vee,"One of my favorite point & click game ever made. The Book of unwritten tales is just a classic in my opinion.The story is well written and very funny. The puzzles are logical and fun, they fit with the story and add to it, the game play really well.Would certainly recommend it to fan of the genre; a must-have in your library!"
76561198075815530,Recommended,215160,13421337,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,vorgonian,"I bought this game because the videos where just so funny! It was a lot of fun playing it, but i didn´t expect the effect this game had on my girlfriend. She doesn´t like computer games but when she saw me playing it she took over! Now i had to buy all the other adventures from nordic games and she finished them in record time! So dear male gamers, DON`T let a girl see this game - they will banish you from your own computer and take over!"
,Recommended,215160,12759276,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,killuallnow198019801980,Very Good game..Very easy for me.Good Story. To be right a normal fairy tale.Really fascinating game with modern graphics and design. Sounds good.Negative part only the videos as much LOST HORIZON. For modern games I thought that HD video is a MUST. But here we have very bad video quality anyway.
76561198049213823,Recommended,215160,17374399,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,weanti,"This game is very entertaining. It has good humour. Often it mocks even itself, other games, movies, the players ... . There are some good twists in it. The tasks to complete may seem sometimes complex, but most of the time it's pretty straightforward what to do and what items to combine in yout inventory, yet it remains interesting."
76561198050918249,Recommended,215160,13939745,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bloodyalice,"Reminds me of old school point and click games.  It has a very clever sense of humor.  It's very tongue in cheek.  I fell in love with the characters instantly.  I love all the shots at mmos, fantasy films, point and click games, etc... Just perfect.  I am waiting for the second one to get out of early access to check that one out - should be great!"
,Recommended,215160,14718684,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Shyro,"A superb iteration of the point-and-click genre. With enough refrences to pop culture to throw a stick at, The Book Of Unwritten Tales comes off as a clever, well designed, thorough attempt at a marvelous fantasy adventure. Some of the puzzles take real thought, but it won't ever come to a point of irritating displeasure. There were a few times when a cutscene would bug and I would have to restart the game and trudge through some activities again due to a late autosave. With that aside, if you're looking for a somewhat challenging yet peaceful change of pace from FPS's and the like, then look no further, The Book of Unwritten Tales has you covered."
76561198084050848,Recommended,215160,14763771,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,GamingSpoiler,"In a long time I haven't had that much fun in an adventure point&click gameGraphics are amazingDialogue is hillariousStory is funGame takes a long time to finishAlways fun to play it againPersonally, I'd think of this game as the best adventure game I EVER played."
76561198039392603,Recommended,215160,14639847,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Fonky Fresh,Best point & click adventure game since Monkey Island.
,Recommended,215160,13385305,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,BlackBlueWoof,"I've just finished the game and I must say that I enjoyed it very much. The dialogues were wonderful, many references to different things here and there, and lots of nice humour made this a great experience. The music was wonderful as well, however it did not have many trecks I think.It's a great game to play after a good day of work when you want to kick back and play a nice story"
76561198005208463,Recommended,215160,34131950,Posted: 9 August,all,Emlohryd,"If you like a good story, humorous dialogs and solving puzzles, this might be the game for you.Book of Unwritten Tales is a classic point and click game that follows the gremlin Mortimer MacGuffin, the gnome Wilbur Weathervane, and others on a quest to secure a powerful artifact before the forces of evil can get their hands on it. How this goes you should really experience on your own. I certainly enjoyed the hours I put into this game very much and as soon as I get free time (and money) again I will surely pick up the sequel!"
,Not Recommended,215160,34159572,Posted: 10 August,all,-DOOMER-,"The characters and world are charming in this game, but its just a chore to play.  I wanted to like this one a lot, but after playing for an hour I never felt the need to come back to it.  I see why it gets such positive reviews, but it did not charm me."
,Recommended,215160,8741673,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Patronication,"Been awhile since I've played a point and click adventure and this was a great game for me to get back into the genre, loved the tongue in cheek humour and the world + characters that have been created here.The puzzles solving never holds your hand but never get to a point where you get so frustrated that you put down the game.There were about 2 or 3 puzzles that were a bit annoying, for example: having to follow directions to make a potion and having to start over if you fail.All in all, this is a great game to relax to and enjoy the story. Great if you have or regularly have kids come to visit.8/10"
,Recommended,215160,8705054,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Karki,"One of my favorite point & click games, I enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,215160,15006144,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"This game is incredible! 10/10!I love games that play with some cliches of video games, and this one does that indeed!The story is absolutely incredible exactly for being full of surprises at the same type that mixes all different types of cliches.The characters are very charismatic and the music and the graphics are amazing!It was quite a while since I didn't play a game that capture my attention and my affection as this one did!Wilbur, you are a great hero, little one!Getting my coins together to buy The Books of Unwritten Tales 2!"
,Recommended,215160,14808331,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Al Ches,"One of the best pont-&-click adventure's in my gaming history.What's make this game of one best's - is that it's mirror most fantasy universe's (Lord Of The Rings, Avantasia, Warcraft and e.t.c.) and even Real Life in so sarcastic manner, so you can't just ignore it.Puzzles and quest's grow in difficulty with every new chapter (but most's of them are not so difficult; I don't use ""SPACE"" to highlight all active object's untill chapter 4).""Sam & Max"" now have a really serious competitor ina face of thoose fellas.Highly recommended for all who familiar with fantasy worlds (even a little) and have a deep lust of good laughing infront of monitor."
,Recommended,215160,34773988,Posted: 6 September,all,PTKhaleesi,I became the first dwarven mage GG ez 10/10
76561198046925595,Not Recommended,215160,28942309,Posted: 2 January,all,zillak,"I won't comment about gameplay etc. For me, the fact that there are no subtitels in the cutscenes means I'm missing out on half the game...."
,Not Recommended,215160,19933175,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,clawjelly,"It's too blunt for my taste in its desperate attempts to live up to its role models, the legendary Lucasfilm adventures. I hardly made it over the first some puzzles, as the cheese hit me pretty hard: When a bullwhip was introduced rather heavy-handed, the elf girl comments the use of it with a whistling of the Indiana Jones theme. This fanservice was very telegraphed and as the game wasn't too impressive yet, i didn't want to go on.For Lucasfilm-style Adventure-Fans, this is a nice game. For anybody expecting stories and dialogs mature enough to stand on its own feet, this is a little hard to swallow."
,Not Recommended,215160,22038673,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,solnechnushka,"A friend who's also into adventure games recommended this to me, and I've gotta say, I was sorely disappointed.  In an adventure game, I look for fun dialogue, interesting puzzles, and a satisfying story arc--and unfortunately, each of these was missing in this instance.  The dialogue was uninspired, the puzzles were facile, and I actually didn't understand the ending until I read about it afterwards.  Thing suddenly sort of 'stop', with little to no explanation, and zero resolution for each character's story line.  It also drove me crazy how slow the characters moved about on the screen--and that time spent in the mines, my god, it was excruciatingly boring.  Would not recommend."
,Recommended,215160,30291845,Posted: 3 March,all,megazver,"A heartwarming delight, most of the time."
,Recommended,215160,10399,"Posted: 1 August, 2012",all,Xinister,"If you are looking for a blast from the past, with newer graphics, and AMAZING humor and voice acting look no futher. The Book of unwritten Tales, has everything, it is an old school point and click like back in the days, only with good voice acting and loads of good humor.I have been looking for a good point and click adventure game for a long time now and nothing has real caught my eye, but after watching the trailer for this game, and one of the funny scenes in the game I was sold.Played an hour or so of this game and allready laughed alot. The story is good. There are memorable characters and do I really have to say it again? This game has got loads of humor.Of course this game is not for everybody.If you do not enjoy point and click adventure games, you will probally not like this game.BUT! If you are a fan of the old school point and click adventure games, full of good humor and a gripping story, well then look no further.THIS GAME WILL BE WORTH YOUR TIME."
76561197983929314,Recommended,215160,12888264,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,⎛⎝ ❗️ℑσσst❗️ ⎠⎞,"Very enjoyable, fair gameplay puzzles and humor. 8/10If you like point and click games like the journey down, syberia or longest journey you will enjoy this one."
76561198113256983,Recommended,215160,13509591,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,unproductive,This is a great game!
76561198010859055,Recommended,215160,13593827,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,cultliu,nice
,Recommended,215160,13649723,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ayelin,"The story is nice, the artwork is nice, the characters are likeable, so, so far everything is pretty nice, but...I cannot seem to be able to play it for more than a chapter at a time; I play a chapter, than put it aside for a few days/weeks, than pick it up again for another chapter. I enjoy the game everytime so I am recommending it, however it is not THE best game for me."
76561198074378010,Recommended,215160,11589288,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,ytp,"Had to pause so I won't puke from laughter, 10/10."
,Recommended,215160,12507554,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,OhioMan,Wife likes these kind of games and said she liked it.. so gets positive review
,Recommended,215160,14991000,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,J. Govilov,"Point n Click galore!If you're into adventure games and especially into fantasy ones this should be a no-brainer. One of the most enjoyabe i have ever played too. It's difficulty is fairly low so if you're looking for an adventure game that will get your brain boiling and challenging your patience's limits better look elsewhere. But, it was not where the developers focused as i saw. It's focus was exactly as it's title implies: telling a tale you cound find in a fantasy book.The backgrounds look amazing and the dialogues are it's selling point. The voice acting is one of the best i have witnessed. The voices fit perfectly on the characters. Even for those not particularly into adventure games give it a shot, the trip is fun and highly enjoyable.8.5/10"
76561198046961539,Not Recommended,215160,22091122,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,to_alex_77,"The game is totally uplayable on Linux: mouse hangs, inventory is unreacheable and inability to go in windowed mode is the icing on the cake.So, if you plan to play on Linux, stay away from this game and save your money."
,Recommended,215160,22069838,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,215160,8791960,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,tESTsUBJECT66,this game is fun and is a good time waster.
76561198043672830,Recommended,215160,24975542,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,spock35,"This is a great point and click RPG.   It includes lots of humourous references to the ""real world"" inside the game's magical world.  The dialogue is also really good especially some of the over-the-top lines.  It's a nice relaxing game to play except for one little timed part, where you have to do a sort of rain-dance.  If you get stuck on that it can be frustrating, but you can just google that and there are ways around that tiny little part of the game."
,Recommended,215160,27796502,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gazza,Great and funny Point and Click adventure.(played in offline mode)
,Recommended,215160,15458650,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,pG43rieL,"Awesome game, won't say too fast,  just maybe that it could have lasted longer (that's what she said), hope the sequel is longer, anyway a great game 10/10"
,Recommended,215160,24137383,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mannex,Wuzzaaaa!
76561197979337900,Recommended,215160,12275680,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,guitar_chick05,"Amusing game, relatively short with 15-20 hours of game play (it took me 17 hours).  Quite polished with funny jabs at epic tales such as Lord of the Rings. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,215160,201711,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Nyamiou,"Just finished it, great game."
76561198091620576,Recommended,215160,7194571,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,i_became_a_jedi,Classic point-and-click fun. :) A must-play for fans of the genre. An engaging story with just the right amount of humor. The sequel is even better - go play it now!
,Recommended,215160,18905295,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Queen Elyana,I like this game
,Recommended,215160,15636480,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,coldReactive (Iyeru),"Great game, lots of references, great voice acting. I'm no good with timing, so I pretty much have to quit at the potion making minigame early on in the game. (Tried it like 5 times already, failed it) I won't buy the second unwritten tales as such since I absolutely hate playing games that are sequels without playing the original(s) first.Have fun you people."
,Recommended,215160,8588304,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pimpollo,An ambitious and mostly charming adventure game with some great characters/puzzles/ and moments in the first half but suffers from a considerably weaker second half (tedious puzzles and unlikeable characters) that makes the game overstay its welcome quite a bit
,Recommended,215160,15418254,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,This was a clever little game.
,Recommended,215160,13972655,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Halendir The Dane,This is by far one of the best / funniest adventure games i have played for the last 10 years. Story is hillarious and characters are well made. 10/10 !
,Recommended,215160,12760774,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GeorgeBlack,A great game with a great story and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,215160,31407796,Posted: 27 April,all,-NN-,"This is a very vanilla adventure game which panders annoyingly to fans of the genre with various references to old classic titles. There's nothing original here in game design nor art style, but it still delivers a satisfying gaming experience and by no means disgraces itself in any way (other than the tacky references which is symptomatic of a newer wave of P&C adventures which refuse to break free of the shackles of the golden age -- so actually, it disgraces itself on a fundamental level... so I take EVERYTHING back).If you're looking for a gentler game of the genre to get stuck into which ticks all the boxes then this is a solid choice, but it's hardly a gem of an adventure."
76561198084673539,Recommended,215160,7470078,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Jhoonaz,Really nice point n click game. Great graphics. Great voice acting. Great characters and good story.
76561198014811992,Recommended,215160,23739990,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Stiglitz,"If you like Monkey Island, Grim Fandango and all the classics. This game is for you!"
,Recommended,215160,10961803,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dankaroo,one of the best games you will ever play
76561198080785491,Recommended,215160,20505362,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,a really cool uesrname,a classic point and click it have a funny story  with cool and crazy characters and fun puzzles and a lot of refrinces and estereggs
,Recommended,215160,24722498,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 1 | 2 *3*] = ~88% (75%-100%)TBouT *2* is quite bad (Refunded it.), but *1* is really good. My one play-through was a few months ago, so I only remember little, but what I do remember is that I did enjoy playing this point&click adventure enough for a firm thumbs-up.The riddles mostly make sense, so you'll rarely be stuck wondering WTF you're expected to do.You play several different characters, so be ready for that - it's not an ""I, the protagonist."" game.https://howlongtobeat.com/game.php?id=9790says 13-15 hours which is correct I guess."
76561198086812644,Not Recommended,215160,15149826,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,KWinston,"As far as point and click adventure games go, it is alright. Solutions to puzzles are never contrived and there is no insta-death. Where The Book of Unwritten Tales falls flat is the tale itself. It is incredibly self-aware, and never squanders an opportunity to remind you. There is also a lack of context. There is supposedly a big war going on, but no effects are ever shown. We are just constantly reminded of it. The characters you play as are rather bland and one-dimentional and only serve to add get item and give item mechanic at certain points in plot. The climax of the story felt rushed and was very unfulfilling, what with obtaining the catalyst for the endgame offscreen."
,Recommended,215160,2634831,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Awesome pointy clicky adventure.Gots a cool story, and a good dose of humour."
76561198119076143,Not Recommended,215160,18482641,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,bluepowder7,"ok, during the first few hours, this game was GREAT!  very recommended!  fun, interesting puzzles, a bit of pop-culture references, etc.but then, it was the same thing.  over and over again.  jump through hoops.  know what to do ahead of time?  sorry, can't do it until you click on something or talk to someone and only THEN can you do it.  know how to do something simple?  nope, you have to do it the complicated way.  want to switch characters?  ok, but first you have to wait for the first guy to slowly walk to his ""rest"" spot and then wait for the other character to move to his ""play"" spot.and near the end, the activities got SO TEDIOUS, and SO REPETITIVE, and SO MUNDANE, that i just resorted to cheats to get through it to the end.it reminded me in many parts to an old game called Nibiru (2005).  i hated it, it was WAY too structured and made you feel like an untrained dog being trained to sit.if you have children around, close the door because you WILL swear a lot.  or just let them play it.  they may not find it too pedantic."
,Recommended,215160,8546341,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Flynntellivision,There's some good point and clicky stuff here but it falls into tropes that have been forgotten long ago and the later puzzles just don't carry logic. Still if you really need that adventure fix you can do worse.
76561198052367879,Not Recommended,215160,17283240,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Dave,"I would very much have liked to have played this, but ended up getting a refund because it just didn't work on my system.  Every other game that I've purchased from Steam has run flawlessly on my Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit system.  This one just wouldn't do it.  I Googled like crazy looking for reports of how to deal with the problems I was having - even found someonething posted by the developers on the  King Arts website about making a change to one of the config files.  Unfortunately, all  that did was get me past the black screen and into the screen with the book - regretably nothing happened from there.  I'd click on the book, it would open, there'd be no menu, and I would have to Alt-F4 out because at that point the game stopped responding altogether.For those of you (in the majority) who can run this game, if you're a fan of the Adventure Game genre, what I've seen in the trailers looks fabulous and I encourage you to give it a shot.As of writing this, I've just started The Book of Unwritten Tales 2 and thankfully, it's running fine. :-)"
,Not Recommended,215160,16538223,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,fide,i couldnt help but wish it ended ugh.
76561198034128939,Not Recommended,215160,18973940,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Tweedledumb,Pretty simple game. Maybe OK for casual gamers.
,Not Recommended,215160,17967498,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Sykes,Crash in early chapter 4 for many players. No fix has been released
,Not Recommended,215160,19450722,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Josey The Gaylord,"Meh. This game is okay. I havent finished it yet, but I do have an opinion on it already. I just dont like this game. It was on sale and sounded cool, so I thought why not, but I have got stuck several times and now its just becoming boring."
,Recommended,215160,2572848,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Neiro,Wonderful adventure
,Recommended,215160,8185273,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,TinyViciousMe,awesome
,Recommended,215160,23701300,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sindra,Freaking AWESOME and amazing. Better then Tim Shaffer
76561198006986577,Not Recommended,215160,24033733,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"Would've liked to play it, but a bug at the beginning of the game prevents a lot of people from doing so."
,Recommended,215160,11467666,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Topagae,"Too cliche, not funny (Which is hard so I try not to be too judgemental about it), puzzles awkardly designed. It's as if they learned very little about the mistakes of Adventure games past. 7ish/10"
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,215160,28559281,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Salty Jack,"bought it to play with the kiddos, didn't work out."
,Not Recommended,215160,4860966,"Posted: 28 August, 2012",all,Wight,"Unfortunately shared that old trait of adventure games where you end up stuck because of not waving your pointer over some barely visable object that you need to pick up/interact with but otherwise the very 'old school' point-and-click gameplay worked very well.   Good mix of references and homages to geek culture and old generation adventure games.The female protagonist is needlessly sexualised, which was a bit patronising given that most of the people who will get the references are probably in their late twenties by now. :o/   In fact, gender portrayals were somewhat worse than the old Monkey Island and Indiana Jones adventure films, which is rather odd. :o/[It's been pointed out to me that using the spacebar will reveal interactable items, which removes the furstrating 'hidden object' experienece that I had]"
76561197960376209,Not Recommended,215160,12113115,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,JoeHooligan /\ Daddyoooo,"At first look, this game brought back alot of memories from the good ol' Monkey Island, Goblins and Loom days.The game has a lot of references and not only from Amiga's best Adventure hits, but also various pop-cultural hits from Hollywood and even the music industry. Star wars among others.The voice acting and characters is well-put-together and the jokes, even though they are cheesy at some times are decent and funny.However, after completing the game - only using around 10 hours, I find myself fairly entertained, but in no way or format challenged. The in-game puzzles were way too easy, and despite of that the implementation of the ""space-bar-helper"" basically makes this game playable for 3-year olds, which is not in the spirit of Adventure games.They are supposed to be challenging, with puzzles that makes you scratch your head for hours.. Not only press the spacebar and get it over with.So would I recommend this game? If you're looking for a nostalgia-trip down memory lane, combined with 10-12 hours of fairly decent fun and not too hard puzzles, this is your game.If you however, like me, enjoys to get challenged with proper puzzles/riddles - there are better and more challenging games out there."
,Not Recommended,215160,12092259,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Magnanimo,"I bought this game on sale. i read many reviews from my fellow gamers who claimed this game would have a great story, and have awesome characters to play as. I am not much on point and click games but i gave this one a try.Graphics are good. Story is okay. and the game can be tedious. not very thought provoking just tedious. Some comedy that made me laugh. the writer has a good sense of humor for sure.I would say this game wasnt bad. but it wasnt good either. dont waste your money. even with this game on sale not really worth it. I would rate it a 6/10"
,Not Recommended,215160,15267341,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ron has an average shlong,"5/10Pros:Interesting worldFunny jokesGood voice actingCons:Horrible storyBoring characterseasy gameplayAwful ending (How could anyone defend it?! )Very frustratingly slow gameplayvisuals are mediocremusic is mediocreAt first the game seems to be set in a world full of ogres, gnomes, elves, mages and warriors and it is set in war, but the story ignores all of the wonderful setting and forces you to go through generic caves, generic towns, generic lava levels and generic everything. Boring boring boringThe gameplay is so slow, moving from one place to another takes so much time, switching characters is even worse! It's like having a 2 second loading screen every 10 seconds.The only interesting character is the gnome, everyone else has no lore or character development, I forgot all of them by the end of the game.This game had the worst ending I have ever seen. Wow... Imagine playing a videogame, that was builing up to a huge fight against a villian, and just before you face the villian, you get a 5 second cutscene were a secondary character does the work for you. Actually you don't have to imagine that, you can just play this game.The Book of Unwritten Tales is not worth your time unless you are a hardcore point and click fanatic. Just play something better instead."
76561198141644107,Not Recommended,215160,16870589,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,UsulMcUsul,"A good deal of charm, but so long and tedious/repetitive that I gave up."
,Not Recommended,215160,9266194,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,the wintering,"This game falls just short of the mark. The story is moderately compelling when it's at its best, the abundance of nods to other fantasy influences fall just short of cheeky and clever, the puzzles gravitate to the unrewarding and easy side, and the interface (especially when using more than one character) is quite clunky.Too bland for an adult, too tedious for a child.There are a few redeeming moments where the characters capture a certain level of warmth and whimsy but sadly they don't last. Even the environment, which is often charming, fails in that it really has no clever interactive extra detail that you often find in other such games."
76561198044615426,Not Recommended,215160,9080094,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Waterflow,"Bought this game a while back when it was on sale. Im glad I didn't buy it at full price.I thought this game started out decent and was actually kind of excited to see how everything would develop. Unfortunately for me it turned out to be a quest of boredom and tediousness. It also felt inconsistent since a few parts actually were pretty good and other parts were just ""let's get on with it already"".The games graphics is pretty good but it could have been better. I had this feeling while playing that the game wasn't as polished as it could've been and that it could have run much smoother.Certain areas in this game were much more charming and fun to play than the rest and to be honest there weren't that many of them in my opinion.If you absolutely want it I'd recommend getting it on sale for a low price. But seriously.... get some real point and click adventure games instead, Syberia 1 and 2!"
,Not Recommended,215160,29964669,Posted: 16 February,all,Kain,"LucasArts adventure wannabe from Germany, boring and unfunny, but with nice graphics. Better play Deponia or something else."
,Not Recommended,215160,19776810,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,kiminoa,"Initial impression was positive, before the sexism, homophobia and transphobia went off the charts in chapter 4 when you have to play as Captain Nate.Game mechanics: Switching between characters is an exercise in patience as they walk around aimlessly for awhile before hand off. Voice acting is excellent. The character movements are cool (except when switching characters.) Despite Ivo's ridiculous scantily clad girl-elf armor, she's a pretty interesting character, and the brains of the party. Wilbur is reasonably clever too. Many secondary characters are interesting, like the little rat warrior. Storyline is highly engaging, and the puzzles, while sometimes tedious or frustrating in the usual point-and-click manner, are mostly interesting and fun.Further into the game - chapter 4 - you're stuck being Captain Nate. Captain Nate is a jerk. He is such a jerk that I'm having a hard time progressing in the game now that I'm forced to interact through him.Captain Nate objectifies all the women he interacts with. They're just sex objects to him, so I'm a bit bewildered by the ""girl power"" tag associated with this game. He cuts down everyone around him like an insecure school boy. He goes on and on about what it means to be ""a man"" in this archaic, tedious litany of outdated stereotypes ... I'm just so sick of the culture remnants of shaming people who don't fit some stupid cultural concept of ""normal."" This guy is desperate to be ""normal"" where normal is some kind of ignorant, chauvinstic male pig and proving it at every turn. I think it might have been intended as humor? If so, it failed. Badly.There's a character in Captain Nate's sequence who's a pink-clad paladin with high heels on his pink banner. I'm all for flipping paladins♥♥♥♥♥♥as a timeworn gamer tradition, but this was deeply inappropriate. Liking pink doesn't make you weak. Wearing heels doesn't make you weak. Besides the obvious misogyny and sexism of demeaning femme-stereotyped gender stuff, it's also a train wreck of genderqueer shaming and pacificist shaming. I'm so done with this kind of thing in our culture. Teenagers kill themselves over ""humor"" like this. Leelah Alcorn didn't have a chance because of attitudes like this. Stop it. It's shaming and bullying and it's time for us to be better people. I keep trying to get through these scenes with Nate and the pink paladin, hoping that there will be some kind of redemption, but it just keeps not happening, and I'm running out of patience."
,Not Recommended,215160,14160527,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,pikkukalsari,"I managed to play this game for 12 hours before I got frustrated and deleted it.The Book of Unwritten Tales started out promising with a lush and colourful fantasy setting, silly characters and humor. I naturally started waiting when the humor starts really kicking in and that was my first worry about the game; the jokes never quite landed. The game kept that semi-humorous tone the whole 12 hours and there was only one joke that really made me smile. Besides that it felt forced and cliched.Puzzles on the other hand were quite logical and nothing brain-straining but started growing tedious towards the end. Not tedious like in old monkey islands where you simply don't know what to do and the answer is something like ""beam the banana to space and then eat it in the future"" but tedious in a sense of ""visit this another room, go to next one, go back, back again, to the next one, talk to this guy, go to the last room and talk to this random other fellow that never said anything useful before.""My absolutely biggest gripe was the fact that you can visit areas where you find an item that only appears there after the story activates it there. This way you can't momorize what you have seen in rooms since the items appear only when everything's set for it.Characters lack character (lol) and since I can't remember the music it wasn't anything interesting.Overral TBOUT is a pretty point&click game with a very hollow intestines."
76561198031975325,Not Recommended,215160,14957633,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,adfl,"From Gold to♥♥♥♥♥♥so quicklyI was enjoying it up until making the magic potion and then it fell apart. Absolute crap. The single most embarrassing flaw in a point n click adventure to date. I traweled the net for answers and no one it seemed, short of sheer unadulterated luck, could get past this gliche. I noted quite a few people where exchanging savegame files to help by pass this a-hole of a gliche.  Repeated attempts, reading walk thru's, watching video's and generally comparing notes with others who have the same issue have come to naught. I note that I'm not the only to give up and uninstall the game....I'd like my money back especially for the wasted time.Honestly I wont bother with any other in the series...."
,Not Recommended,215160,30742474,Posted: 25 March,all,Grant,"A point & click adventure game that fails to differentiate itself.I would describe essentially every part of it as being ""fine, I guess."""
,Not Recommended,215160,15675458,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,[CK] Sitheps,"The jokes are stiff and unoriginal, and most puzzles are way to easy, to the brink of just being "" go fetch that"" etcera. But that is pretty standard or mediocre, the main problem I have with this game is that it still now, so long after it´s release (3+ years) it still have game breaking bugs where the game just breaks and corrupts saved data, making all your progress completely invalid. A game that breaks itself through big, biiig bugs and design flaws. Not worth your money, not even on discount because as a consumer, you should NEVER accept this poor quality on a product."
76561198080433722,Not Recommended,215160,13700540,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wylie,"The story is decent. The characters are decent.  The game is terrible.  This would be better suited as a webisode or something.  The gameplay is so absolutely linear that you have to know exactly what the developers expect you to click on and in the correct order-- all the time, every time, which kills the game for me.  Save your money and just watch someone do a playthrough on Youtube.  This is true for both 1 and 2."
,Not Recommended,215160,8909928,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,POINGjam,"Contrary to the big-name reviews, this game is not at all up the standards of the old LucasArts titles, certainly not the stand-outs (Full Throttle, Grim Fandango).  Not worth real money, not even on sale, but it might be okay in a Humble Bundle.  I regret paying $5.  Could have bought a sandwich instead.The writing and voice acting are okay, nothing special.  Sometimes bad, but not quite as bad as the♥♥♥♥♥♥Daedalic deems acceptable.  Dialog can be overlong, jokes tend to hit you over the head.  Kids will probably like it.Gameplay is weak.  You have to click on interactive objects several times before they become usable.  This makes solving puzzles unintuitive as you think you have the solution, you try it, it doesn't work, so you dismiss the possibility.  Turns out you didn't click enough times to get through all the uninteresting things your character has to say about the object in question.Character movement is really slow and there's no way to speed it up.  A run key (or run on double click) would be nice.The hitbox (or whatever you call it) for interactive objects can be too small, so you mouse over an object, see that the cursor didn't change, and assume it's non-interactive.Audio in FMV can be out of sync, and there are no FMV subtitles.On the upside, it's a fairly pretty game, and at least the player characters have something to say about their surroundings (unlike Syberia's generic response to every examined object).  Facial expressions are good and varied.  No other upsides to speak of.  Don't waste your time and money (unless you're a kid and have no experience with the genre, then you might like it)."
76561198024968692,Not Recommended,215160,9766705,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Rad,"Attempts to be an adventure game that pokes fun at the cliches of other adventure games.  Some hits, quite a few misses.  The art is nothing special.  The game itself is rather misogynisitic and homophobic, and once they started making really homophobic jokes about the Paladin I stopped playing.  Don't recommend."
76561198032878783,Not Recommended,215160,13275500,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Une Maman,"Really slow, even on a good computer.The UI is unfriendly (and quite frankly looks and feels like it's out of a game for Win2000 or older).This game was a waste of money, as I found no enjoyment in it.The puzzles are easy and obvious as far as I played, but the counter to that isn't to make the reaction times slow to pad things out."
76561198121590584,Not Recommended,215160,18371981,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Lewisljabt,best game i have ever purchased on steam
76561198055426049,Not Recommended,215160,15118870,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Afwes,Its idea of humor is just pop culture refrences and there is an annoying quantity of those
,Recommended,215160,13333854,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,711green,"Very nice game.Beutiful drawing, interesting story, tones of humor and relaxing soundtrack you don't get tired of.100% worth the money."
,Not Recommended,215160,8491942,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rotmo Hawk,"While I did enjoy playing The Book of Unwritten Tales it left me unsatisfied in the end.The Book of Unwritten Tales is a parody and doesn't expect to be taken too serious in the first place, but the continuous unoriginal references to MMORPGs made the supposedly funny elements of the game rather lame and left me hoping the plot would at least be worth it. The setting is beautifully crafted and well done, but in the end the game failed to deliver a proper plot resolution and had no distinct climax.There are a lot of minor bugs to be found in this game, but none of them prevented me from progressing.In terms of gameplay there isn't much to say. click on everything you see and eventually you'll progress. The difficulty is fit for point-and-click-beginners.I would recommend the game for a younger audience, maybe 12-16."
76561198009364720,Not Recommended,215160,16616749,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,numberland,In general this is a fun game to play but I can't recommend it as part of the game you are in control of a horribly sexist character - which is not fun at all.
,Recommended,215160,3770917,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,BridgetFisher,"This is a very different kind of game, you cant die and it plays like a book, just like the name says.  So much dialog and great voice acting makes the story worthwhile.  The environments are beautiful, this game is like a work of art, of course being mostly a puzzle game you may need to look at a walkthrough I needed t do this twice.Rating:  9/10  Value:  9.99(No controller support, does not support steam big picture)"
,Not Recommended,215160,8641055,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,fyll,Strong reliance on reference humor. Would be a good game if it had better original writing for it's story.
,Not Recommended,215160,12563751,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Millesabords,"NO. I was not convinced. Beautiful graphics, good voices, nice puzzles, VERY funny dialogs and situations... most of all I loved the non-conformist NPCs, very cooool shaman, pink paladin, anxious dragon, loving zombies, etc. Well that was right !But where is the story ? Was it so expensive to write a complete scenario, instead of theese shortcuts ?OK, you play some time, you take pleasure to solve the tricks... after a while, you feel the end is near and you hope for more, for a hard final, for a last tricky enigma in order to show to demons who's the boss here. Aaaaaannd ...Nope, it's already done, here are the credits, thanks for playin', good bye.What a pitiful end of game ! No, no, no... I ended that one, but won't start a new game before at least... well, plenty of time."
76561198171569614,Not Recommended,215160,30200598,Posted: 26 February,all,olga.hario,"Horrible, horrible sh*t. I didn't even finish the game because it's so unbelievably easy (basic you just walk through it), and all the characters are utterly uninteresting. A real waste of money."
,Not Recommended,215160,3698984,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,RandomCapture,"OMG one of the worst games I have ever played. I thought I'd give it a shot and play it, but the damn thing became a chore. This is not a recomendatioin, this is a warning. DO NOT play this game. It gets a 1/10 for everything. Even the story doesn't work well. It had a lot of potential, but this is horrendous."
76561198031765203,Not Recommended,215160,4082627,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,SleepThieff,The Book of Unwritten Tales started off really good and I thoroughly enjoyed the first half... but then it went downhill halfway through. Certain areas became a bit too dragged out and it didn't have that charming/inspiring feeling I experienced in the first half. Sometimes you have to pixel hunt in order to find the item you need to advance the story. The jokes and references about World of Warcraft are pretty funny and I love to see creative humor like that.6/10Please upvote this review if you found it useful :)
,Not Recommended,215160,7978456,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,kdodds,"Glitchy, clunky controls and uninspired puzzles shut the gate on this one before you can even get out of it."
,Not Recommended,215160,9784282,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Randy F. Smash,decidedly meh
,Not Recommended,215160,12864979,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Decompiled,I didn't find anything new or interesting here. The characters are bland and the quality of writing all round left a lot to be desired. My sence of humor is dry so the humor completly missed my funny bone.2/5
76561198131445646,Not Recommended,215160,12518328,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,whymecoyote,Has a dead end. I can not finish the potion because it blows up. There are many confirming complaints on the interbet.
,Not Recommended,215160,1448836,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,braka,"adorable, but too buggy"
76561198012872922,Not Recommended,215160,26676903,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jerebear,n
,Not Recommended,215160,26064121,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tooway™,"I'm sorry, I can’t go in depth with this review, I found this game so awful I couldn't stomach another second of it and had to uninstall."
76561198172598559,Recommended,215160,19177767,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,tanglelace,"With the exception of a few minor glitches, I loved this whole game franchise (The Critter Chronicles and the sequel). I am a veteran of this genre as well as RPG fantasy genre and have played tons of these types of games (The Longest Journey for example) and this one was really good. I highly recommend it and greatly hope for more content in the near future."
,Recommended,215160,18964509,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bjorn_altenburg,"A fun adventure game. Some parts of course take some moon logic, but it's no Sierra quest game. Worth it for humor."
76561197993747332,Recommended,215160,19110300,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Joka,One of the best adventures I have played in a while! It's not over as quickly as some of the more recent adventures I have played and features good and challenging riddles. But the best thing about this game is the humor of it! It doesn't happen often that I laugh out loud while playing a computer game. But The Book of Unwritten Tales did the trick! So if you like playing adventures I can only reccomend this game!
76561198131012730,Recommended,215160,19132606,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Douzesse,"What a lovely game.This point & click reminds me of Indiana Jones and Monkey Island. Gorgeous jokes, nice story, grafics and sound adorable.I cant wait to play The Book of Unwritten Tales ll !"
76561198259343372,Recommended,215160,19051728,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,crazeeangee,Best game I have played so far!
76561198094929671,Recommended,215160,19187585,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Radish,"I enjoyed it, it took me about 16 hours to complete, I had to look up walkthroughts sometimes as I couldn't find some item I needed to get to the next stage.Good quality game.Beautiful artwork, the levels are all really well done and nice to look at.Funny, there are a lot of jokes, some of them are at you the player.Good voice acting, there is a lot of dialogue and they don't repeat themselves much unless you do the same thing over and over, makes the game interesting.Interesting story line, the characters seem pretty alive.A bit unpolishedGameplay gets a bit tedious, you have to solve the problems exactly the way the gamemakers want which sometimes makes no sense, for example you need some coins to put in a slot machine, instead of grabbing coins from piles and piles of coins you must use coins from a particular box...it is essentially a go fetch game.Characters look out of place, they aren't the same quality as the levels, would have liked to have a high res elf babe ;)Some things are unpolished. The dragon seems a bit slower than the other characters. The cut scenes are lower quality than the game, seems a bit strange when you play.The end comes too soon too easily! So I guess I enjoyed it :)"
76561198119325777,Recommended,215160,19005661,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,woulfesong450,"This was a rather fun game. Story was  a bit quirky, witty and funny. While the puzzling was a bit tedious, as some times is with ppoint and clicks, it was the slight self awareness that made it not such a chore to get through. The artwork is cute and well done, and the sound track does a fine job of setting the tone.  If the sequels are up to the same per this would mske a fine collection in anyones library."
,Recommended,215160,19041179,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Sharane,"Amazing game with puzzles that ""ARE""actually enjoyable.Lovable main character,and interesting side characters as you go along the game.Plenty of movie paradies(harry potter,lord of the rings,willy wonka).If you enjoy point and click adventure puzzle  games, with a comedic good story grab this game.Def on my top games of all times list."
76561197976641472,Recommended,215160,19403214,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bonk!,"This game is very witty.  It's a more modern Point/Click Adventure game that pays homage to it's predicessors (either with cute remakes that players of the games would pick up on, or similar puzzles and challenges).  It's always nice when a game can make fun of itself while not being a cheesy running gag.If you loved the old games of the genre and are looking for something more modern, this will be a great game for you, and even if you haven't played the games this one pays homage to, it's still enjoyable none the less."
76561197976867082,Recommended,215160,9951138,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,pyrodragon,This is one of the best adventures I've played in years.The Story is interesting and has serveral references to well known rpg titles.The characters are unique and fit perfectly into the settings.There are few minor graphical glitches in the game but none is game breaking.The puzzles are logical and fair even the mini games inside work very well and fit into the game.I've played the linux version only and it was simply a joy to play this game I'm looking forward to get thebook of unwritten tales 2 when it's released.
76561198036641837,Recommended,215160,9905943,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Philva,Good game
,Recommended,215160,4541630,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Pardaillan,Very funny
,Recommended,215160,51719,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,org.niemand,Great and funny game..
,Recommended,215160,675895,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Wit,"A great point & click adventrue with a lot, a lot and a lot of laughs!!!A lot of fun with playing it."
,Recommended,215160,9446439,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Fountains of Mead,"In a genre that is often considered stagnant in terms of innovation, this manages to bring something new to the Point and Click Adventure world with multiple characters with different attributes. Great graphics sound and humour to boot!"
,Recommended,215160,9421582,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,IlMagoRosso,"I will be honest and admit that the golden era of Point & Click was a little past my age. Sure, I like digging up old gems and I have played through the various Monkey Island games, years ago, but that's it.A few months ago I came acrossThe Book of Unwritten Tales. I might not be a point & click expert, but holy c%&p was this game fun. It's humorous, it's full of pop culture references, it makes fun of other classic point & clicks in an often clever, and never mean, way. The puzzles are well crafted and the solution is often delightfully improbable (in that way that, you know, ""makes  sense"" but only due to copious suspension of disbelief).The music is gorgeous and the settings are very well designed, especially for a game with the kind of funding thatthe Book of Unwritten Taleshad.All in all, I would definitely recommend this game. If you just go through it with a walkthrough (which is, of course, far from encouraged) the game is a little bit on the short side, and considering it's now been 5 years since the game came out, I am not sure I would pay the full 20$ steam price. I would definitely get it if on sale though."
,Recommended,215160,17860,"Posted: 5 August, 2012",all,b0ink,"Absolutely amazing click'n point adventure. Seems to have had bad/no marketing. It is very well written, surprisingly long, very well polished and appears to have high production value for such an unknown developer. In addition to the awesome storytelling there's loads of references built in by bitter wow-players amongst plenty of other topics. I'm surprised this wasn't in the same price range of other triple-A titles, it sure should be. Hoping for a sequel.TLDR: If you like adventures, this is a must have. If you like adventures and played wow, there is no way around this title."
,Recommended,215160,9199492,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Scoze,"Quite well made and humorous! I definitely enjoyed playing it. If you're into non-gorey adventure games, this is the game for you. Because in this game, you cannot die :)"
,Recommended,215160,5723922,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Jocelin Gaul,You should definetly play it
76561198058804462,Recommended,215160,8761940,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Vanion,Plenty of silly jokes and pop culture referances to have me entertained all through the game and was easy enough for the little ones to play along. Big fan of this point and click game.
76561197996330386,Recommended,215160,1679051,"Posted: 13 August, 2012",all,Tempest Rime,"A histerical while sublty dark, comic fantasy adventure game with some great writing and voice acting."
76561198025459065,Recommended,215160,9354989,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,gamer11,"absolutly awesome game.You see it is made with so much love to the good old point and click adventures.Ironic and funny as hell.And a well done voiceover as well. For me as a german speaking person i recommen it, there are many well known in the cast.Fine sets and cute character design with all their lines they spoke."
,Recommended,215160,9409640,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Fazzan,Run of the mill pointing clicking with humor. Good quality game. Not the greatest but well worth the money.
,Recommended,215160,9490383,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Punstarrr,4.5/5 stars! I freaking LOVE LOVE LOVED this game!!! I cannot stress enough how important it is for a point and click adventure to have loads of humor and silly problems with nonsensical solutions. This game has every single item on the point-and-click adventure to-do list.
76561198049097219,Recommended,215160,9389306,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,KFPenguin,"Excellent old school point and click adventure game that closely captures the feel of an early 90s Sierra game, especially the humor. Wish it was a little bit longer though."
,Recommended,215160,4137635,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,[WG] Ryoushi [EVOS],it slow..mouse click and point.. but has been funny... spoof of everything sacred from mmorpg's to indiana jones and more..laughed my♥♥♥♥♥ioff at the commentary
,Recommended,215160,1075465,"Posted: 6 August, 2012",all,FedaykinWyrmr,For if you want a modern adventure game that is not♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198070298128,Recommended,215160,8682666,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,javajoe,"Book of Unwritten Tales is a humorous point-and-click adventure game. The visuals are pretty decent, about on par with Syberia II or TLJ:Dreamfall. Since the emphasis is on comedy, you need a sense of humor to enjoy this game. For me it was very funny, there were a lot of laugh out lout moments. It has a lot of references to nerd culture like DOD, WOW, LOR, etc. All of the puzzles are inventory based, and not very difficult. My nine-year-old was able to solve about half of the puzzles without any help from me. The game has a lot of lengthy conversations that include a lot of jokes. You will need to go of back and forth to fetch this item or that item, so the game took me a good 17 hours to finish. If you are looking for a lighthearted diversion that will occupy you for a long time, this is the game for you. If you are looking for a hard core puzzle game, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,215160,6865370,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,The Law ;),Just an awesome adventure coupled with splendid voice acting. Seriously give it a go.
,Recommended,215160,9143565,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Unknown_user,funny and enjoyable but i really dislike getting 6 hours through a game and being unable to proceed in the 3rd chapter due to a bug.*make sure you have multiple save games or you are screwed*
76561197966548393,Recommended,215160,248230,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,PB Doughboyy,A very well written adventure game that takes a pretty decent amount of time to complete. Most of the puzzles are logical too. The game is a lot more fun to go through once you know to hit the space bar to show clickable items so you don't have to pixel hunt.
,Recommended,215160,8842343,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Start With A Knife,"Actually, I'm not really into point and click adventures, more like hardcore shooter/rpg/multiplayer games. And, actually, this is my first game of this type, but...Suprisingly, it gave me such a nice experience! It has good visuals, lovely made scenes, well-thought-out characters with awesome voice acting and story.The puzzles are not hard at all, but in some places you may be surprised by the way some puzzles are solved (usually in funny way). There are also many references to other games and real-life phenomena.And finally... Comparing to the most of today's singleplayer AAA titles, this game has more hours of gameplay. Took me 17 hours to complete in a 'lazily-explore-everything-poke-around' style.Recommend."
76561198121350586,Recommended,215160,8847837,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tom Brady sits when he pees,Awesome point and click adventure game. Witty and entertaing without any puzzles that will leave you stumped for too long.  Everything you would want. Go Bills.
76561197961663761,Recommended,215160,8707663,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,.BAD. God Slayer,Fun and funny adventure game.Tip: config file is in my documents as ogre.cfgyou can use notepad to edit the file.most notably is vsync=No to vsync=yesTurning on vsync will dramatically reduce load times.  My samsung 840 pro loads in less than 5 seconds after selecting save file with vsync off while it jumps to 30 seconds with it on.  Thumbs up :)
76561198043117797,Recommended,215160,8773589,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jinxplus,"Kept me playing, though I was sad it ended so soon - had to go look up a hint or 2 a handful of times as some of the solutions are a little obscure. Maybe the game would have lasted longer had I not looked for help, or the PC would have gone out the window...Some nice quirks and humour in there. Am looking forward to playing the next."
76561198011912721,Recommended,215160,8810988,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,ExplorerRowan,"I had fun with it, and it was funny, but it was far too short, too linear, and the puzzles too easy. Old adventure games had me poking around for quite some time; ""Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis"" was practically a formative experience for me growing up. In this game, there was little mystery. There was always a bit of dialogue to tell you what the next puzzle was and to suggest where to go look for the thing you were missing. Chapters 4 and 5 (the last two chapters) were stronger in this aspect, while the earlier chapters were trying too hard with genre-referential humor in the dialogue. There were also several times where, after you had completed one puzzle, the game ""took over"" with a cutscene or scripted dialogue where the character obviously went and solved a puzzle by themselves and just brought back some useful whatsit as a result. In such cases, it felt like a scene was cut for time or funding or something, rather than story progress. If there were, say, two more chapters on the level of difficulty of Chapters 4 and 5, it would have been a much more satisfying game.TL;DR: If you're a fan of the genre, pick it up on sale. It's a fun diversion, but sadly lacking depth and challenge."
76561198003071933,Recommended,215160,2150263,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,Trumgottist,"The funniest game I've played since the latest season of Sam & Max. Parts of it are really great, and it never dips below decent."
76561197984198257,Recommended,215160,8813102,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Nipple,"If you played any point and click game from times of old are a fan on fantasy, sci-fi or welsh accents then this game is definitely for you. Its really beautifully written and the voice acting is incredible for an indie title. Such great value for money. I havent smiled this much at a game since the old monkey island games.. ""It's ruddy-bloody brilliant"" (said in a welsh accent)"
,Recommended,215160,9102777,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ssset,"Good game if you like puzzle games. Could be longer, but very fun."
76561198090760994,Recommended,215160,8853126,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Rosa,"This game is definitely a must have. Beautifuly written, beautifuly done. Great characters that you fall in love with, brought to life a lot through the voice actors. The humor is just great, really makes your day. Never thought I would love this game so much but it is one that you will fall in love with and you are left wanting more.It will suprise you :D"
76561198056079806,Recommended,215160,7706192,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,SeraphimGrey,"Not too long, not too short. Took me 16hrs of playtime. Very funny lines and conversations.. Puzzles are not too complex, which is good if you don't expect ""sherlock homles"" kind of riddles and puzzles. If you get stuck it's going to be because you missed an item, so watch closely"
76561198092065417,Recommended,215160,8865802,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SoS (Piney),"Beautiful art, great voice acting, and fun puzzles help this little point and click adventure along.  It is frequently funny with some subtle and not so subtle pop culture references.  I found it somewhat short, but well worth the price for the laughter.  The only part that was really frustrating was the potion making task (start at 3 o'clock, trust me, it helps).  The story was somewhat predictable, but the twist in the last chapter was rather nice.  There are also sections where you have to switch off between party members to accomplish a task or puzzle.  All in all, I recommend it, and I'm looking forward to working on the prequel game that was released, ""The Book of Unwritten Tales: Critter Chronicles""."
76561197960295583,Recommended,215160,9020160,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Headhunter,This is one of the best Adventures I played in the last years.It's hilarious and full of funny characters and sidekicks.Worth every cent!
76561198029988871,Recommended,215160,3970620,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Pillar Angel,Very funny point and lengthy point and click adventure. All fans of the genre should play this game.
76561198030793549,Recommended,215160,20931918,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,friendly ben,"It's got all the charm and clever writting of classic point and click games, they have eliminated pixel hunting as you can hold down space bar and see everything you can interact with.The great writing is helped along by a capable voice cast, and the look of the game is great with plenty of charector.At a time where telltale have almost abondend puzzle elements and humour in favour for moral choices, it's nice to see an adventure game that moves the genre forward with an eye to why people like them in the first place."
,Recommended,215160,20933744,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Cath Nought,"10/10 would knock myself out to forget the game and play it again. Loads of entertainment, great quality of art. Moar!"
76561198282663810,Recommended,215160,21092840,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Valleriana,Love it. Good story. Nice puzzles
76561198032594094,Recommended,215160,30691991,Posted: 23 March,all,PrinsKurt,Humour = fun = entertainmentEverything else is bull on drugs :p
,Not Recommended,215160,21013415,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Wulf,"Might have been a good game, but I couldn't get into it when the prerendered cutscenes were lower quality than the game itself and the music was so loud you couldn't hear what people were saying. Subtitles don't work during said cutscenes either... The ambient sound effects during the game were just as bad. It's pointless to record voices for the entire game, if you aren't going to make them audible..."
76561198090837353,Recommended,215160,21179845,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Wolffs,"Love the game, a good quality point and click game with much effort in game making shown."
76561198217555693,Recommended,215160,21141703,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,enolami22,"Fun, colorful, well written, funny, and challenging without being a headache. I loved every minute of it, and will be buying the second one. 5 stars."
,Recommended,215160,20948093,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MortenM,"First of - I like puzzle games, and BoUT is right up there with your standard point & click adventure game.  And as they say several times in the game - ""Nobody dies in this game!"" since it's an adventure point & click :)What makes this different from all the other games I have played in the same genre - is the great storyline and insane humor. When you start laughing out loud from comments / actions in a game - IT'S GOOD!Recomended this to my brother when it was on sale on Steam - a week later he got The Book of Unwritten Tales 2 at full prize....  (I'm doing Rise of the Tomb Raider now - but will buy the follow up even at full prize when I have some free time).Try it youself..."
,Recommended,215160,19878957,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,High-Q-Ling,"A Point & Click adventure remembering me of the old days. Very much fun indeed, a lot of irony. And even one or two points where it's hard to find the way out...The end is a bit strange, though. But if you liked the old Adventures (Day of the Tentacle, ...) you should give this one a try."
,Recommended,215160,403296,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Lutikka,Among the best point-and-click games I have played. Quite hard at places though.
76561198169992219,Recommended,215160,20355945,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Pieter Pleijzier,"Great game. Fun to play, witty and loveable characters."
,Recommended,215160,20418886,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ree,"Beautiful graphics, fantasticly hilarious and charming story, awesome puzzles. All of the characters are endearing in their own way, and the pacing for the game is good, even if you break it into sessions. I enjoyed this game thoroughly. What more can I ask for?"
,Recommended,215160,20411351,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Captain Reasonable,"Surprisingly long, pretty funny and I don't remember the game having any awful puzzles. Plus one of the player characters has a welsh accent."
76561198013386248,Not Recommended,215160,20524671,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Bonnie Gruesome,"I really wanted to like this game, it has nice graphics and good voice over and the music is very enjoyable.And here it comes the: BuuuuuuuutFor me personally, it's let down by too many quests in quests.... it started needing one item that needed a few quests completed to get the item, fine, I'm all for a few quests, but then it turns out that the items needed required even more quests or even two quests. then hurray! You get the item, then, you have to do more quests for the next set of items, ad nauseum... ugh, that just made it feel daunting, I managed to drag myself thru this game and the best part for me (sorry to say) was the end credits....It has a lot of bigoted views in it too, I won't mention which here as they can be offensive, and it also seems to mock popular culture giants rather than embody them as a good parody.For me, it's too annoying to do quest in quest in quest, it feels like too much unneeded work and the bad elements really put one off enjoying the rest of the game, I'm a huge fan of point and clicks like Monkey Island and Deponia, and as I say, I wanted to like this one, but it's just unlikable.For some it may be a great game, if they can ignore the quest in quest and slurs, but it's not for me :)"
,Recommended,215160,20557255,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Jalabula Jens,"Very casual with emphasis on the story line. There is some pun on popular movies here and there, start wars with the force and harry potter with the telephone booth. Puzzles are not very difficult and dialogues lead you to the solution anyway. Good voice acting. Nice picturization."
,Recommended,215160,8725468,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Ariadne,"This game is so epic!  It's a point-click parody game of other games, movies, internet slangs and other things familiar to geeks and tech savvys!  It's hilarious and entertaining for hours and hours long!  While you might initially think that this is some low-budget or unpopular game, it's actually better than the first impression it gives off.  Graphics are not bad and best of all IT'S A PARODY!!!"
,Recommended,215160,20741572,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Baraz - Siriel,"Found it quite fun. I think it took me about 20 hours and I had very few boring moments. The main character, the Gnome, is charming and fun to play. PARENTS: in my opinion, it is fine for 8 years or older; or 12 years old if you are very conservative (there is one adult-ish or teen joke, though a child might really not notice at all).PRICE matters: I bought BOUT I, II and the Critter Chronicles (Prequel) as a cheap bundle. I would not pay over 15$ for this game alone (as a maximal price only; otherwise find a bundle or wait for a sale).I suggest playing the Prequel first. BOUT I is better in terms of story and style in my opinion, but the Prequel will give Critter an interesting background when you play BOUT I (Critter has no background or known concept when you play BOUT I)."
76561198136991602,Recommended,215160,20830030,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Kafkaesque Pariah,"Amazing, beautiful, story rich, and engaging.  You can't get better than this for a point and click game.  Yes, sometimes you can get a bit stuck and have to look up a walkthrough, but for the most part, if you are familar with P&C, you will be fine.  The graphics are beautiful, and the story line is great.  There is lots of humor and cheeky references to other video games, but it doesn't seem forced.  Get this game, then get the other 2!  You won't be dissapointed."
76561197971048577,Not Recommended,215160,20849291,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,XeReX,"After 8 houres it froze, couldn't pick up items or continue dialog. It's a known bug, but I haven't found a fix other then delete and move on with my life.Anyhow, I had a great 8 houre ride. So if there is a fix I could recommend it."
,Recommended,215160,23945462,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AuttoMatta,"A point and click game which is hillarious. Also, references.Forget if you like or dislike point and click.The animations, story, the puzzles, heck, even humor in it are worth it more than what the game's cost is. Give it a shot.10/10"
,Recommended,215160,682102,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Draculah,A true journey back to the days of the point-and-click adventures with an alluring story and beautiful 3D graphics we didn't get to enjoy during the genre's hayday.
76561198071087646,Recommended,215160,23030023,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Annapox,"This game is a point-and-click style fantasy adventure that's basically a parody of the fantasy genre as a whole. It's filled with pop culture references to famous fantasy and scifi fiction and tropes. The story is great. My only complaint is that one of the minigames requires very good timing. I had to find a savegame from right after someone beat the minigame in order to continue, but that was really the only problem I had."
,Recommended,215160,23025808,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,happytin,"At the time of writing this game is £17.99 full price. However I bought it on sale.I do not recommend this game at full price.It took me 12 hours to complete, using a walkthrough for one point. I found it a solid point and click adventure with a fun story, faintly amusing jokes and hat tips to other games/stories, and a mix of easy and difficult puzzles. The puzzles ranged from collecting things from different locations to figuring out how to sneak past things. There were no hidden object scenes and logic puzzles were very minimal.However, there are some hefty flaws.* As others have said, the characters move VERY slowly, so a lot of your time can just be sat watching them walk across the scene.* The puzzles are frequently in the form of ""go to this place and get this thing then return to a previous place to get another thing and put them together, now go to a different place and give the thing to someone who will give you another thing and then..."" which was wearing. I would have liked to see a wider mix, and as a seasoned point and clicker I was disappointed.* The ending baffled me with some odd time travel."
76561198067604420,Recommended,215160,23052738,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ojou,"I liked the game a lot. Characters are sweet, story is cool. Puzzles are not so hard."
76561198048804110,Recommended,215160,23280113,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,cableknitdragon,"An enjoyable click and point puzzle game with lots of throwbacks to popular fantasy titles. The animation can be a bit aged especially if playing on higher resolutions but BoUT's is still a fun game!My only (-) is that character movement can be a little slow, but feel free to grab a cup of tea and sip while waiting"
76561198036956006,Recommended,215160,23298615,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Valhayla,"This is a fun and hilarious addition to many different genres of games. if you like rpg, strategy, puzzle and comedy games you will love this fun and quirky mix of all of them. this game is not difficult but some of the puzzles required a look up for references i was not familiar with. A long game that is well worth your time. (Sequel is just as good)"
,Recommended,215160,23228867,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ezzellse7,"I've had this game on my wishlist for a while until it went on sale and was not disappointed.  Very engaging story and great characters.  I loved the concept of being able to switch between them, though at times the process of switching was tedious (waiting for the character to get to the exact position the game requires just to trade an item real quick).  There were a few issues with subtitles mismatching and lines going through the screen where action would later take place, but they weren't distracting. There was also one or two times where I could click on something from a previous screen, which was... interesting. Again, that didn't distract from the story and just made me chuckle and move on.  There are some fantastic references that had me laughing and looking for others.I only remember being frustrated with a puzzle twice, and both of them were simply because the solution was too specific and illogical (they may be references?).  They didn't completely ruin the game, but they were the times where I had to consult a walkthrough which I do not like doing, but they frustrated me too much to find the real solution. SpecificallyWhen trying to get red paint - there is red powder that obviously needs to get wet: I came across 2 sources of water, the paladins spit and a giant tub of water in the caves, and neither worked, I needed the tiny puddle of tears that I completely missed in the crypt.  Also, needed a gold coin for thephone boothteleporter.  Ran up to grab some from the giant piles by the throne room, but nope, I need to get into that specific locked chest - actually didn't need a walkthrough for this one - it just seemed like a silly solution.  In the grand scheme of the game, these are nothing, and like I said, may be references that I don't know/remember. All the other puzzles were well balanced."
76561198093446123,Recommended,215160,23231048,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Good Humored Gaming,"Lovly game,"
,Recommended,215160,23158333,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Hroddric,"I recommend it. I had a great fun time with this game. So many puns, jokes and references to everything! If you like point & click adventure games, and you want to smile while playing, this is your game!On a sidenote: Changing characters can get a little frustrating sometimes, but it doesn't really intefere with the gameplay."
,Recommended,215160,520337,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,spin,"One of the finest point & click adventure games to release in years. The story revolves around you trying to locate a secret artifact that will change the course of a great war in a fantasy kingdom. You get to play as 3 different characters - Nate, an Indiana Jones type pilot/adventurer, Ivo, a mysterious wood elf and Wilbur, a humble Gnome looking for an adventure.The game will send you to various locations as you piece together puzzles to progress the story. The beautiful visuals are the highlight of the game. It also has some incredibly funny writing, it pays homage to great adventure games from the past and does not shy away from breaking the 4th wall to parody modern gaming and poke fun at itself. The puzzles are also very well thought out, and they never fall into the trap of needing to randomly combine items in illogical combinations.There is one technical issue though. The game is built for 16:10 displays and 16:9 users will have to put up with black bars on the screen."
,Recommended,215160,6485106,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,talvistu,Best point and click since The Longest Journey - and this is saying a lot!
,Recommended,215160,8336954,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,perry,"Easy adventure, more suitable for begginers. Story doesn´t have strong originality, hovewer we can found a few funny moments. 60%"
76561198068844900,Recommended,215160,8324787,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Secret Panda,"Its such a good game, wish they'd bring out a sequal some time soon."
,Recommended,215160,8210684,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Berzerre,Great Point and Click game that is hilarious and self aware. Play it now.
76561198052969087,Recommended,215160,5617606,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Deez,An amazing rarity in point-and-click adventures with fully-rendered 3D characters and landscapes and exceptional voice casting. Heavily borrows and parodies its lucasarts ancestors monkey island and indiana jones to create its own unique style. Anyone that likes adventure games should be thrilled. An absolute must-play.
,Recommended,215160,1426113,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,aznstlth,
,Recommended,215160,8521324,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,jawtheshark,"The Book of Unwritten Tales, truly is a game in the tradition of the olden adventure games. Not too hard, luckily. Enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,215160,8521846,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Duveza,Love the  humor! :D
76561198193281626,Recommended,215160,16719257,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Moony,"Really liked this game! The graphics were beautiful and the story was nice! The puzzles were sometimes a bit challeging but that made them just the more fun to solve them.The only thing, I liked a little less, was that I only played Wilbur frequently in the beginning. Later on, Ivo and Nate came more in the picture, though Wilbur is my favorite!Can't wait to start with the sequel and go on more adventures :D"
,Recommended,215160,15939306,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mr Chow,Just the right amount of euphemism
76561198119782159,Recommended,215160,15957809,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Lessieal,"Wonderful story and humorGreat length, even thought there are parts you can see they took the cheap way out or rushed through and it could be longer, the length alone is amazing for the type of game it is.Characters that amuse and delightGood voice ActorsInteresting puzzlesI want the second one! lol and plan to get it someday."
76561197961351708,Recommended,215160,83411,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,[PUNK]Gunman,"Filled with puns, lovely game, get it it's well worth its price."
,Recommended,215160,10244889,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,wonderfulll,85/100
76561197976065684,Recommended,215160,705079,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,ElmoBiggums,"Very nice.  It does classic things wittily and well.  Risque without being vulgar and non-violent, too.  A refreshing change from my usual diet of carnage and conquest."
,Recommended,215160,15631324,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,fluffyman565,"This game is good, I like it. I haven't played the sequel, but i'm going to. a great point and click. worth every penny."
,Recommended,215160,733864,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Coyote,"Playing The Book of Unwritten Tales is like opening a game preserved in a time capsule for the past two decades. This traditional point-and-click adventure originally released in Europe in 2009 harks back to the days when Sierra and LucasArts ruled the world with legendary franchises like King's Quest and Monkey Island. German developer King Art has crafted a lighthearted fantasy grounded in an earthy sense of humor and grown-up story themes and has avoided the impossible, illogical puzzles well known to plague other games in the genre. In short, this is a great achievement in both story and design that should be played by anyone who appreciates an old-school adventure.© By Brett Todd"
,Recommended,215160,15533172,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Roti Sosej,One of the best point & click adventure game I have ever played.A lot of humor & popular references.10/10 would grab their next title/sequal
76561198147544996,Recommended,215160,12486117,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Grimmy,"This game is a brilliant little adventure game- it really holds true to what made the classic adventure games so great.It has a lot of light humour that isn't too adult or childlike. The background art is very well done, and even the character models are nice (albiet not groundbreaking realism or anything). The voice acting is well done on most of the characters. The puzzles aren't insanely difficult but still provide a good challenge to a seasoned adventure gamer. It's a solid game too, didn't experience any crashes even while flicking between windows on my computer.There's loads of content too. I'm so used to steam games being over quickly but this is a full length game which is refreshing. If you liked games like Monkey Island and Grim Fandango, give this game  a try.Even though it's fun to play as an adult, it's also appropriate for your kids, so if you're not sure what to get your kids- get this one :)I'm looking forward to playing the sequel."
,Recommended,215160,16088062,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Panarchie,"So fun and exciting, wish the sequel had puzzles more akin to the first game."
76561198094807517,Recommended,215160,16089520,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,KLMay82,"Liked: the length of play, the characters, the story. Disliked nothing about this game."
,Recommended,215160,15364050,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Eash,A fun point and click game with (mostly) logical progression.
,Recommended,215160,15366064,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,DartVeiga,"It remindme of the gold old day of ""Day Of The Tentacle"". Very fun game to play. And it's not impossible to unlock the puzzels..."
76561198017415202,Recommended,215160,15027433,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,LostDigit,"It's very rare on Steam that I'd pay full price for a game. The Book of Unwritten Tales was no exception to that. What will be an exception however is its sequel: The Book of Unwritten Tales 2. I've literally just finished this game and had to have more right now; the price be damned.My only complaint now is the wait in downloading it over a poor rural ""broadband"" connection.This is a fantastic little game that I picked up partially to relive a bit of my youth spent playing Point and Click Adventure games (a genre I didn't even realise still existed), and partially because it reminded me a little of Discworld. I expected to enjoy those elements of it, and I certinaly did. What I didn't expect so much was to be so drawn in by the sheer charm of this game has to offer. The writing is fantastic, as is the voice acting. It goes for a certain feel that is what you might imagine if Pixar did Discworld, and nails it completely.Even if you aren't generally a fan of point and clicks, you should give this a try.If are you are, and you haven't played this, then what on earth are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,215160,11734634,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,wdf.Jimace,It is a fun and very comfy adventure game. There are many great colorful set pieces for a fun and charming story.  Everyone needs to try this gem out.
,Recommended,215160,6762179,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Chrogion,Greatest adventure game I've come across so far. Monkey Island fans will love this one.
76561198073445985,Recommended,215160,7335883,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,FranklynStreet,"A clever point-and-click that keeps getting better the further you get into the game.  For my money, there are basically 3 companies producing good point-and-clicks right now:  Telltale (The Walking Dead, Back to the Future, Sam and Max), Daedalic (Deponia, Chains of Satinav), and Nordic (The Book of Unwritten Tales, The Raven: Legacy of a Master Thief).  A distant fourth would probably be Wadjet Eye.  And unlike with a lot of point-and-clicks, I never found myself pixel hunting or trying to reverse engineer some archaic, illogical solution out of available items and locations.  Very much looking forward to checking out the sequel, Critter Chronicles, as well as The Raven. 8/10"
76561197988841940,Recommended,215160,11984202,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Leaf,"A very imaginative and enjoyable puzzle and adventure game. It was highly rated on some gaming sites, and it was very enjoyable to me."
76561198061390687,Recommended,215160,11792444,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,MRDRK1,"Funny game, cliche storyline to a point (an irritatingly sharp point), and you'll spend as much time trying to solve the puzzles as you will spending time trying to find all the easter-egg references to all kinds of other games and well-known publications of the literary or cineamatic variety."
76561198024497542,Recommended,215160,12134598,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,kristinemichele,Good fun epecially for the long toothed warcract fiend
76561197972037748,Recommended,215160,12130191,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Scoilt,"A great, classic feeling point and click. Nice voice acting and humor brought to life with great artwork and a fun and engaging story."
,Recommended,215160,12092612,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Insane,"This is really some of the most fun I have had with an Adventure game in a long time. It has a lot of great humor, the puzzles actually make sense, and the story is actually interesting and fun. There is minimal ""pixel hunting"" for items to pick up or interact with, which is nice. You get to play as more than one character eventually, and you switch control between them in real time as you see fit in order to solve some of the problems facing you. Overall I ran into really no bugs or technical issues so the experience was always fun and enjoyable. If you're looking for a good laugh, this is a great choice, especially if you snag it on sale like I did.Edit: As of writing this, I am 7 hours into the game (not even half way complete), and I am wholeheartedly recommending it. Fun times all around."
76561197984179265,Recommended,215160,12102469,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Kael,Fun and fun
,Recommended,215160,12101554,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Rhino With A Minigun,"references, references evrywherebtw: Space bar, space bar evrything"
76561198123018954,Recommended,215160,12142675,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Vaapour,The best adventure-puzzlegame so far. Great comments and clever puzzels!
,Recommended,215160,12154339,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,MissVyx,"Highly recommend.  Overall the game is beautiful and a lot of fun.  The references to gaming, specific RPGs and well-known movies/books in the medieval/wizarding vein are well-done, very funny and make a great game even more enjoyable.  IThe voice acting is great and the character interactions are very entertaining.  All of the puzzles and problem-solving in the game are interesting and require a bit of thinking, but none so difficult or convoluted that you'll be stuck for more than a few minutes wandering from map to map wondering what miniscule item you missed in a shadow like in some other point and clicks. My only criticism is that the game seems to end fairly abruptly.  The story building and problem-solving are fantastic up to the last chapter or so, then it all goes extremely quickly and the ending seems ever-so-slightly out-of-place, imo.  Still a great game, I absolutely loved it."
76561198051367056,Recommended,215160,12078066,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Feveroth,"Buy this game.It's well worth the money you spend on it. It's quite difficult, but that's a proper puzzle game.There's a lot of humor that you will probably roll your eyes at, but it'll make you giggle a little to yourself. There's a lot of game/movie references as well, I've not even finished it, probably not even a quarter of the way through and I'm enjoying how much this has made me think about what to do and how to""get that item to get that item I need to progress in this puzzle to get an item that unlocks this item and progress through the story"".All in all, it's an enjoyable game, which I'd rate as a 9.5/10, the -0.5 because it can be quite frustrating as well since it doesnt give you much direction, which can (as I've said) be frustrating. But definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,215160,12059546,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,zoubz13,Fun game. Reminds me of good old Monkey Island from back in the day.  Good little point and click with a lot of story play.  Still playing through the game with over 8 hours into it.
76561198019673114,Recommended,215160,11290907,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,antoshkka,"Good Point&Click game. No pixel hunting, quests are sensible and logical. Beginning of the game is a little bit boring, but then it goes very well!! Graphics is not perfect :(You'll enjoy the game even more if you had read books about the Flat World, watched Indiana Jones and Star Wars movies, know at least something about Lord of the Rings and programming."
76561198035855777,Recommended,215160,4351259,"Posted: 1 August, 2012",all,PandaSong,"This game is loads of fun! It makes you work your brain, has a lot of hilarious moments and some references that are awesome to find."
76561198050446767,Recommended,215160,11342528,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,loren.colestock,Great sense of humor - loved the plot and (the ending especially) - however was a little short. I got through in under 15 hours and could have gone through faster - but was enjoying myself wandering around.
76561198033101860,Recommended,215160,11430453,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Begging for Food,This game makes me feel all kinds of things I once thought were dead inside me.
,Recommended,215160,11420371,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Blazera,"Amazing progression through storytelling, easy on the eyes, puzzles that can be mind-boggling at times if you can't find certain elusive items, entertaining voice acting, multiple storylines."
76561198124532762,Recommended,215160,11457928,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,rezidentangel,"Hated the absolutely ridiculous ""critter"" and dumb♥♥♥♥♥""cheep cheep"" - the rest was good :-)"
,Recommended,215160,13732934,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Doge Lisa,"One of the most memorable adventure game. Because of it's humor. Yes, humor.It's one of the adventure game that reminds me of Monkey Island as it's just as funny and fun!PROS● Unique and memorable characters.● Lots of middle-earth races. Gnome, elf, orc, troll, etc.● Lots of humor, and broken 4th wall.● Lots of popular references. Star Wars? Checked. Monkey Island? Checked. Harry Potter? Checked.● Just right puzzle difficulty.● Did I mention the humor?CONS● The graphic is nice, but isn't especially stunning. But for me, I don't mind at all.FINAL SCOREGameplay: 8/10Story: 7.5/10Graphic: 7.5/10Music: 7.5/10Overall: 8.5/10Yes, the overall is because of  the fun factor it has. It's that fun!Recommended to all adventure games lover and anyone who loves a good laugh."
,Recommended,215160,13678749,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kethlak,Very entertaining game. Lots of funny moments and tongue-in-cheek humor that players of other fantasy genre games will appreciate. Looking forward to the sequel. Puzzles are pretty straightforward. Only wish I knew about the space bar showing everything you can interact with from the beginning!
76561198071390745,Recommended,215160,14536328,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Kat,"One of the best point and click adventure games out there. It has all the important ingredients: fun characters, banter, nice graphics, enjoyable puzzles not too easy, not too hard and a good length. One detail that I especially liked: you can playtwo caracters work together in order to solve a problem."
,Recommended,215160,13884519,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,carllouisgalli,"Highly recommended!Sure, it has some bugs (although the various area loading processes perform a ""hiding bugs"" routine...), but I just loved this game.Not too easy, not too hard.A humourous point-and-click adventure set in a very well made fantasy world.Now I'm off to play The Critter Chronicles!"
,Recommended,215160,14322306,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Sammaster (Linux),"Great characters, great voice acting and art and humour. It has simple puzzles that actually make sense. If you are new to adventure games, you will definitely like it."
,Recommended,215160,14569348,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Cortexifan,"pretty solid point and click adventure game with a lot of charisma. the comedic moments make playing it worth it despite that it can get annoying having to go back and forth to get things that you couldnt get before. but, i try to think of it as an easter egg hunt of sorts. Now If you'll excuse me, I have to get back to brewing my dwarven ale."
,Recommended,215160,13372288,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,kpocalypse,"This is a pretty fun point and click adventure game, takes me back to the Sierra days in the 80s.  A pretty good story, good visuals, and some light comedy thrown in, I enjoyed playing through it"
76561198022143151,Recommended,215160,3404629,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Ritch,"Witty, beautiful, with logical puzzles that are challenging, but not too hard"
76561198004953782,Recommended,215160,13126012,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Red,SummaryPros:Beatiful looking adventure gameFunny dialoguesPlaying with more than one characterCons:Story background - I would appreciate more informations about the characters and the fantasy world in the game
,Recommended,215160,13162807,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,El Botijo,"The Book of Unwritten Tales is a classic point and click adventure game. Classic in that it does not add much to the whole genre. Main mechanic of the game is to talk to different actors, steal as many items as you can, combine them and usually trick the rest of the people.Storywise, the game is light hearted and tries to be funny. Gags tend to involve pop culture and fourth wall jokes. There are references to Lord of the Rings, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Monkey Island, Lechuk's Revenge, Discworld, and so on. There are a few times where the gamer is mentioned, with one character wondering if the user is using a walkthrough. There are other times that the player character is wondering which typical series of quest he should endure this time around. The game also tries to turn things upside down. The demo shows people playing some sort of MMO, but instead of fighting hordes of monsters, they are worried about getting into the post office in time and file their taxes. In my opinion, the game tries too hard to be funny. As such, true funny moments are not as effective as they should be.As usual with many stories, the ending arrives too soon and too harsh. Chapter 4, out of 5, is where I began to loose interest. I believe there are some small plot holes regarding chapter 5...The game uses the nowadays standard of hinting which items you can interact with - you just need to press the spacebar of your keyboard. There are not many places you can become stuck and the user is told what is expected next many times. Inventory puzzles are somewhat easy, as you can drag one item over all of the others and the game will tell you what works. During chapter 4, the inventory bar becomes full of items. Thankfully, there are no out of character logic puzzles.Graphics are CGI backgrounds with 3D rendered models. As you can see from the screenshots, screens are colorful and vibrant.As far as bugs go, I noticed an odd graphical glitch with one item in the inventory, but that did not stop me reaching the end of the game. Text and speech in English were always matching.At the end of the day, the game is between good and OK."
76561197999660860,Recommended,215160,14124189,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,XzavieR,"A hilarious revival of the point-and-click adventure. Expect tons of zany characters, shout-outs, and funny puzzles, wrapped in a great story. If you're a fan of classic humorous adventure game fare like the Discworld series or LucasArts' adventures, you'll love this."
,Recommended,215160,13934154,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Avalona,This is by far the best point and click addventure game I have ever played. The puzzles make sense. The characters are amuzing and the interaction is halarious! I also love the art style. I highly recommend all to play this! Looking forward to playing the rest of the series.
,Recommended,215160,13575781,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kosey Bax / Bunny Rah,"Pretty fun game, very well written"
76561197996524160,Recommended,215160,13085265,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dawkins,"Very funny, goes a bit too far with fantasy references, but only a bit."
76561198053833353,Recommended,215160,13085939,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,xxx717,"Very nicely done adventure game, funny references, puzzles with reasonable solutions."
,Recommended,215160,14963576,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,charles.faust,"Pros: Entertaining, Time Consuming, Easy on the eyesCons: Having to wait for NPCs to become available to talk to, walking up and talking instead of waiting for everyone to get in to position is annoying.Classic point and click game reminiscent of the old King's Quest, Space Quest, Monkey Island, Maniac Mansion, etc.  The script is well written and the characters are interesting.  The art is very pleasant as well as the character models.  There are a few annoying quirks about the game play, might not make it replayable for some while others will play it again for sure to find things they missed the first time through."
,Recommended,215160,14815215,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Lionarith,The soundtrack is sooo wonderful.
,Recommended,215160,14653266,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Phazel,"Just played the most awsome Point and Click Adventure! Full of Mythical creatures and lots of humor and Puzzles! Loved the characters, their humor.... simply awsome! Recomend this game for the ones who like point & click!"
76561197991438207,Recommended,215160,14700896,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,coolkyote,"I had a blast playing this game. It reminded so much of the old Leisure Suit Larry games with a lot of humor and just enough puzzles to keep you engaged but not ovethinking useless combinations that only made sense to the programmers when combining inventory items. The only thing that almost ruined the experience was an assinine cursor controlled mini-game. I'm too used to using a mouse and keyboard, why in the FREAKING HELL would I want to try and click on a STUPID cursor conrolled puzzle? Otherwise a ver enjoyable game."
76561198095576740,Recommended,215160,14706605,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,ukrukar,Very interesting fun game. Nice graphics.
,Recommended,215160,4008479,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,Bekichu,buy it guys!!!! i couldnt put it down!!! played 5.7 hours in a row lol
76561197971070358,Recommended,215160,8753581,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Old Sweep,Wonderfull game full of humour.A lot of chuckling. Yes!Intriguing story.
76561198040217288,Recommended,215160,8861469,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Flick,"Took a chance on this game during the winter sales, but very happy with it! Excellent script, good story line and great set of characters. The game is reminiscent of the Monkey Island games, but instead ofbeing intimidated by this, it embraces the inevtable similartieis of all game in this genrerewarding the player with a tasteful selection of in-jokes. The challenges are good with some real head scratchers, but enough easier puzzles that you don't give up. The play dynamic is very interested as you swap between multiple characters who each have different abilities and different ways of viewing the world. It's not a terribly long game, but I certainly recommend it."
76561198038997387,Recommended,215160,8486029,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,karle.live,"I really enjoyed this point and click adventure. The storyline was entertaining and the puzzles weren't too terribly taxing. I greatly enjoyed the characters, design, and scripting, and was quickly immersed into the game. My one gripe was that towards the end of the game, it seemed rushed. The puzzles didn't become harder - they became easier. It felt as though the developers were running out of ideas and just wanted to wrap things up. It made the ending feel less rewarding to me, and caused the game to be more forgettable. I would still recommend playing it if you enjoy game humor, and point and click adventures. I would also recommend not buying it unless its on sale."
76561198015272073,Recommended,215160,8419107,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MamaWren,"Unwritten Tales is a clever story and wonderful fun for the homages to the sci-fi fantasy gaming, literature and movie worlds geeks know and love.My daughter, age 11, also enjoyed this game, though I supervised at some portions where language or theme was a bit more mature for her age. The puzzles were a great challenge and she is pestering me to download the Critter content."
,Recommended,215160,8494145,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NotSo,old style puzzels with a intersting storythese are mind bending puzzels and there are a few lol moments75/100
76561198044605438,Recommended,215160,5056835,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,grauefeder,It's amazing. It's the first time I've been playing a quest game all day long. Einfach großartig.
,Recommended,215160,12072918,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Zamug,"This is an old game and has apparently won many awards, and the team got a sequel crowdfunded. That should tell you something about the quality of this game. I'm only at the second chapter so far, but already know I like this game a lot. It reminds me of point and click adventure games I played many years ago, though the controls appear much simpler.The only downside is that I can't access the settings page at all. It's probably due to my dual-head setup on Linux, but this game is good enough that I enjoy playing it on the secondary monitor without being able to move it.Update: I still think the game is good, but I have basically stopped playing it because I found a few flaws too annoying. For example, talking to people can unlock things you can do with items (which makes absolutely no sense to me and only lead to frustration because I had tried those things earlier). Sometimes it's also hard to find usable objects, so you spend a lot of time hovering over everything visible just to see if it's something you can interact with."
76561197994030033,Recommended,215160,12442681,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,RaeRae,"I've been playing this game for the last couple days and I absolutely LOVE it! If you loved the Monkey Island games, if you love gaming of any kind (video or tabletop), or basically are a geek at all you will appreciate this game's references and humor! The graphics/physics can be a little gawky, but still nice looking for the most part. I just can't stop laughing (very loudly in fact) at the jokes and references in this game. I think my favorite gimmick is when the characters break the 4th wall! It's the best!!"
,Recommended,215160,12429998,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,tolacid,"Well written, with intuitive puzzles, witty external references, tongue-in-cheek ribbing of its own genre, and a pinkish-purple muppet creature that spouts unintelligible gibberish. Can't ask for more."
76561198106608778,Recommended,215160,12867241,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,baka_yu,It's a cute game!
,Recommended,215160,6310971,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,LuxanQualta,"This game is a mouse-driven point and click adventure game full of puzzles that harkens back to the grand old days of gaming in the early 1990's when graphics and special effects weren't available to enhance a game.  In all there are about 150 puzzles and some 200 items that can be picked up and combined to make other items that are useful in the game.During the game you will play the role of each of four characters shifting back and forth between each one.  Character dialog has a lot of self-aware humor that pokes fun at traditional RPG games and which frequently makes reference to other adventure RPG games and many movies.  So don't be surprised at Star Wars references or at seeing a little Temple of Doom in one scene.  All in all it is pretty clever and full of wit.The graphics are beautiful and the storyline is fairly interesting.  The characters are enjoyable and the fantasy setting is pretty neat.Although it is very linear, that doesn't spoil the game.  Each scenario has a little bit of fun to it whether its game play or something that just makes you chuckle.  The Book of Unwritten Tales should give you about 20 hours of enjoyment.If you have played a lot of games, this one will be all the more enjoyable because you will get all the slings and barbs in the dialog. It can be a fun romp when you are tired of more serious games and just want something silly."
,Recommended,215160,79388,"Posted: 19 August, 2012",all,Malactus,"I'd dare to say this is the monkey island of this generation. Fans of comedic, perhaps satire point and click adventure should pick this up :)"
,Recommended,215160,251266,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,CrossroadsMan,"Entertaining story, outstanding voices, best classic adventure game I've played in a while."
,Recommended,215160,1555503,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,HoosTrax,"Polished point-and-click adventure with good production values (both audio and visual), surprisingly high quality English voice acting, and some ""modern"" humor sprinkled into its fantasy setting. Some of the scenes involve switching between multiple characters, similarly to the Blackwell games. The hotspot toggle should help move things along if you get stuck.Approximate time to complete: 10-11 hours"
76561198076916084,Recommended,215160,7303602,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Jathre,Very funny quest with cool story full of drollery.
76561198013242748,Recommended,215160,2829235,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Javi,"This game has reminded me why i love point'n'click games! Inventive and funny puzzles, great humour and loads of nerd culture references. I had a blast the 14 hours this game took me. A must for all point'n'click lovers!"
,Recommended,215160,12979127,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CassU,"Awesome point&click adventure!Mainly the puzzles are pretty easy, but there's also some quite challenging ones ;)"
76561197993815483,Recommended,215160,1497346,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,XipherZero,Clever and fun point and click adventure game. This gem has a well thought out and well written story and is sure to bring hours of (frustrating) fun.
76561198021772890,Recommended,215160,14830089,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,lovender_de_leon,"Okay...because I'm a BIG fan of Star Wars and my wife is a fan of Harry Potter, this game has those two elements combined with the original concept of the game. You'll laugh a lot playing this game, GUARANTEED!!! ;D"
76561198038792947,Recommended,215160,14629576,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Dani,"This was a very fun game, a bit frustrating at times with some of the puzzels, but thats also another point that made it enjoyable in its own twisted way.  I was a little upset though when I initially thought (based on reviews) that it would be a 20+ hr game, but I finished it in only 13 hrs. Either way, I plan on playing the 2nd one that just came out so it worked for me!"
76561197988745239,Recommended,215160,14770282,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,napoleondy.1985,"excelent point and click adventure game in the same vein as monkey island funny with many 4th wall breaks, excellent homage to the point and click genre"
76561198210689896,Recommended,215160,14760726,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,timbeh0617,"A solid Point and click adventure game with some pretty funny pop culture easter eggs, solid story to the game and good characters.Took me roughly 10 hours to complete the main story.+Story is very solid-Till the final chapter which feels tacked on to finish the game.+Puzzles are mostly well thought out-Some of them are very quirky, though I find it adds to the charm of the game. Some may not like them.-The last chapter's puzzle's feel tacky compared to the rest and don't hold the humour of the earlier settings and puzzles.+Characters and settings+Characters are very likable and the dialogue is mostly funny.+The jabs at pop culture are hilarious.Well worth the purchase for adventure game fans if you haven't played it yet."
76561198037001643,Recommended,215160,14292595,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,ChordataXVII,"Just finished the game.  It's fun.  Simple puzzles that don't require huge leaps in logic, and few enough options that a ""Click on everything"" mentality should pull you through.  Everything looks nice, the characters are likable enough.  You need to be able to enjoy a good dose of meta-humor though, this game knows it's woorld doesn't make sense, but instead of trying to hide it like other point and clicks it laughs with you at it's sillyness.  Example: I enjoyed one part when the question was posed ""Why do you want to go there?"" and the answer was ""To look at everything one at a time then pick up anything I can, since it'll probably come in handy later."" The falseness of the world is a feature, not a bug.That said, I picked it up on sale.  I enjoyed the heck out of it, but I honestly wouldn't put down $20 on this game.  It's funny, but not challenging enough to occupy you, and not long enough for me to pay full value, that's just me though.  If you've got some money to spend and it goes on sale again I definately reccomend it."
,Recommended,215160,14166733,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mnorton52,"I am really enjoying this game. It's a good mixture of things that I look for in a point and click. First, it's not too hard - will make you think but doesn't have ridiculously obscure puzzles like some other games. Second, the writing is actually pretty sharp and lends a sense of fun. There have been other point and clicks I had to stop playing because I found the main character to be so cloying (Deponia).So just overall I would say that this game has a sense of fun and a winking humor that makes it a joy to play."
,Recommended,215160,15141312,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Larry Parnell,"Logical puzzles. Looks good, sounds good, is good."
76561198080509304,Recommended,215160,15131483,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,blekkan,Just sit back and enjoy this amazing fairytale!The atmosphere is wrapped up with astonishing music and a well-tailored graphical style. Well done!As a bonus:+ The story+ Charming characters+ Humorous+ A lot of story-driven puzzles
,Recommended,215160,15065937,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kilrathi lord,"Just finished this wonderful gem of a game, it has a few problems but overall was one of the funniest adventure games I have played in ages, it is very self aware and pokes fun at adventure game tropes as well as rpg tropes. Below I will list some pros and cons to the game as well as my final score out of 10. so lets get startedPROS1. The graphics- for a small adventure game I thought the graphics were outstanding especailly the backgrounds, there are also certain characters who look great, such as the minotaur in chapter 4.2. the voice acting- the va work in the game is for the most part amazing espcially wilbur, for the most part all the voice actors get into their roles and you can tell are having a blast playing these zany characters.3. Length- I was actually shocked this game was so long my play time says 15 hrs but is actually longer bc I played the demo first to see if I liked the game. So when I purchased the full game I sped through the demo parts that I had already beaten.4 Dialogue- the Dialogue is pretty great, I would say a good 80 percent of the jokes land, and there were more than a few times I laughed out loud.5. Difficulty- as adventure games go this one is good for beginners, there a few brain teasers but for the most part the game is pretty easy, especially if you use the spacebar (the spacebar highlights all interactive hotspots on the screen). I reccomend using the spacebar bc I hate pixel hunting, I play adventure games for the story, characters, and puzzles not to pixel huntCONS1. Story- while the characters and dialogue are great and worth a play through, the actual story is pretty dull and boring and like most I found the ending to be a let down2. chapter 4- the game is broken up into 5 chapters and while I dont hate chapter 4, I felt like it dragged and the game lost some steam here, bc for the most part you only play as nate, and he was my least favorite character, he grew on me but I never felt attached to him like I did to Ivo and Wilbur.3. Pixel Hunting- if you dont want to use the spacebar than pixel hunting is real bad, bc a lot of the objects blend into the background and they are hard to see.4. MINI GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!- this is an adventure game yet the devs decided to include two mandatory mini games that just plain suck, especailly the dancing one, in you guessed it chapter 4 lol.CLOSING COMMENTS AND SCOREOverall I loved this game, it has fun characters, a decent story, and can be laugh out loud funny. It is a long game if you take ya time and explore the different dialogue options, I got it on sale on steam for 5 dollars, I cant wait to play the new one now I highly reccomend this game to adventure game fans or for gamers who are interested in the adventure game genre, bc its good for beginners. final score is8.5/10"
,Recommended,215160,13438701,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Surefoot™,"I had a lot of fun with this little adventure. Well written, funny and clever."
,Recommended,215160,15319709,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Bushee,At first I thought this point'n'click adventure game is just a fairy-tale themed story. But soon it came out that it's filled with  nice humour and pop-cultural references that I find mostly enjoyable. I'd say it's the best such p'n'c since Simon the Sorcerer II.
76561198044525059,Recommended,215160,15037279,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,||MACK||,"So awesome, funny, classic adventure. Very long time not played so good game :) 10/10 Now I will beat Unwritten Tales 2 :)"
,Recommended,215160,19492908,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,natid4,"amazing world, parallel gameplay, lovable characters. would play again :)"
,Recommended,215160,30646545,Posted: 20 March,all,sankar.chinna,Hilarious. Loved the puzzles and references.But grab it during a saleas the game is short
76561198105646429,Recommended,215160,19712854,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Katzazi,"This is one of the best adventures that I have ever played, even as it is quite old, now. You should definitly try it out. The story is great. The characters are quite unique and have real character and opinions. The huge amount of references to other games or films and technology are another plus. The solutions to the puzzles are logical and often funny as well. But sometimes it is hard to find the solution without a walkthrough, if one just does not find a tiny item or spot. The time you spend with running around could be a little bit shorter, but I have seen worse. But it actually felt appropriate, as you do not want to hurry through this game as there is so many to see or conversation details to try out. So it is a good thing to get slowed down to a walking pace, anyway so that one has time to look around."
,Recommended,215160,19693325,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,GattaNegra,"This is the funniest game EVER!I spent the whole Sunday laughing aloud!This is a clever cooked fun-bomb!If you are addicted to fantasy and do not mind mixing different stories, this game will remain in your top 10 list for the eternity!"
76561198025853511,Recommended,215160,19763032,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,jollypenguin,fun adventure game in the spirit of money island
76561198014019535,Recommended,215160,30656940,Posted: 21 March,all,Vejeta187,"This game was brillliant and had me captivated right from the very beginning.The art style and graphics coupled with the brilliant medi-evil style soundtrack really help the games atmosphere and setting to shine.The characters are fleshed out well and the voice acting is brilliant accross the board even to the NPC's.The gameplay and puzzles are really easy but this game is more about enjoying the story as it unfolds rather trying to provide any real challenge.The story is the games best asset and has some very clever moments in the plot, especially towards the games final moments where some very clever story telling had left a huge impression on me.If you enjoy point and click adventures this game is a must and highly recommended, just dont expect any difficult puzzles, which in this games case, isnt a bad thing at all - thanks to its charm.Brilliant Story Telling - 8/10"
,Recommended,215160,3578468,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Ailura,A very funny fantasy point and click adventure with lots of geeky pop-culture and WoW references! :D
76561198063519191,Recommended,215160,8431266,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jamie,"Seriously one of the best games I have ever played. This classic click and point game is not only visually pleasing but the gameplay and puzzles really keeps you interested, tests your logic skills and is fun until the end. Then you only wish it hadn't ended.Edit: THANK GOD THERE'S A PART 2. WHOOOO!"
,Recommended,215160,20186814,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,misstews,"Fun game but I thought the ending was a bit flat, I was hoping the player would be more involved like with the rest of the game. That doesn't mean the game isn't worth it, the rest of the story was a fun point and click adventure."
,Recommended,215160,24398439,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Sabrina.vstaay,Just love this game it's funny commentary and beautiful art work I would definitely recommend this game
,Recommended,215160,24474347,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,CaitlynLydy,"LOVED THIS - Awesome storyline, and gameplay is easy but still keeps my attention. Loved this game."
76561198042305075,Recommended,215160,23305388,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Natasha,"I don't normally write reviews for games that I play, however this game was so enjoyable that I decided it was worth the time to write a review so others who are thinking about purchasing this game can make a decision.Normally I play a game for a few hours and go do something else and half the time end up forgetting to ever go back to the game because the plot isn't interesting enough to keep me playing. This is one of the few games that had me so hooked I ended up playing the entire thing in one sitting. The characters are lovable and the story is cute and entertaining. The dialog can be a little long at the beginning where you feel like there is not much going on other than speaking to everyone and everything. (which I personally didn't mind but my younger sister got bored in the first 3 minutes... because she wants everything now!) However, the dialog is amusing and has many little quips that are referring to some other movies, tv shows, ect that you will hear and maybe crack a smile because you will have that 'a hah! That's from *insert reference here*' The artwork is also very well done and is primarily cartoon like but not over the top.The only bad things I can say about this game is that I wish it were longer! I hope this helps anyone who is considering playing this adorable game. :)"
,Recommended,215160,4666676,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Falyesai,Good old fashioned hunting game. (Clue finding) The Book of Unwritten Tales has so many throwbacks to other games and movies its unreal. =D Have to make sure to pay attention to the dialogue! It's a great game to unwind to when you are getting sleepy.
,Recommended,215160,8405782,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,shakm,"Extremely funny, well designed and voiced adventure. Not very challenging, but a great game nonetheless. The german edition is very well synchronized. One of the best adventures i've ever played."
76561197970946593,Recommended,215160,15090131,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,DuckPlague,"One of the best Point and Clicks I have played in a long time.If you have played any MMOs you will enjoy this.I laughed so hard, it was hard to se the screen sometimes.Well written, funny as hell and the grafics is descent.9 out of 10. well done."
,Recommended,215160,4061030,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Miss Rosie Dovah,Fun and cute mind solving games to unravel the fun story line
,Recommended,215160,23028294,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,215160,23087805,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,sideswiped1time,"Simple, with a corny humor that any age could grin at, if not fully appreciate."
76561198098398562,Recommended,215160,26100565,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Warren,Great Story and Great characters!
76561198047110694,Recommended,215160,26215678,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,stravagante,"I'm usually not into adventure games, but this one caught my eye, and I was not dissapointed. Game is funny with lot of references on well known stories. Puzzles are logical, and easy enough to keep you interested, but again not too easy.All in all, even if you are not a adventure games fan (like me) you could give it a go, and have few hours of fun."
76561198146944021,Recommended,215160,26235779,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Brunt Unsub,Simply brilliant!
76561198108168219,Recommended,215160,27399380,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Intrigue,Full of humor and great characters. This is a great adventure game.
,Recommended,215160,24065210,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Maddog,"Good game, would buy again :)"
,Recommended,215160,24031945,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AustinJaredC,Great! Nice reminder of the old Adventure Games. But not quite as witty. I see good things for this game. Hoefully #2 has funnier writers.
,Recommended,215160,28649634,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RetroByte,"Really fun and hillarious point and click game, includes some parodys about Starwars, Monkey Island and more, very well done, nice and clean graphics. Good, deep and funny storyline this game is totaly worth it. So! if you are bored or wanna take a break or simply wanna laugh, this, is your game."
76561198086587989,Recommended,215160,7108025,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Beefy,"One of the best adventure games I ever played. Full of references to other adventure games, lovable characters, easy never-frustrating puzzles, hotspot-help, interesting story and awesome voice-overs.Had a graphical glitch in one scene in the beginning, was fixed by a restart though."
,Recommended,215160,2510540,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Nimirum,"A very entertaining adventure game that makes fun of, well, just about everything - but in a clever way. Mostly it makes fun of gaming and its own genre (fantasy, point-and-click, etc.) and it has tons of references for anyone nerdy enough to catch them. Wilbur, the main character, is absolutely adorable and you'll grow to love him in less than a minute. The characters are engaging, you don't get bored looking at the visuals and... I could go on.Keep in mind that the genre is point-and-click adventure. Don't expect action. Do expect to get stuck because you can't find a certain item - but armed with an emergency walkthrough you should get through those minor difficulties when and if they arrise. If you have the patience to play this genre, this game is definitely worth your time (of which you'll spend around 20 hours to complete it)."
,Recommended,215160,28805870,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Xordaii,"I love the mummy conversations.""We do not CHAT. We discuss, we deliberate, we debate...we CHAT, but we would never go SKIing.""Some of the humor may be a bit subtle for some, but I found it funny and entertaining through the game. This is a point and click puzzle solving game.  If you get stuck the game has a hotkey for highlighting all clickable objects on screen.  I didn't need it for most of the puzzles, so it isn't an extremely difficult game to play.This game is a great casual puzzle solving game with a bit of humor in most scenes.  Diff characters have different reactions when looking at the same object."
,Recommended,215160,28923622,Posted: 1 January,all,Brandon4108,A fun adventure game with a good sense of humor. Slow paced at times with some tough puzzles but enouth personatity that makes it worth it.
76561198283194261,Recommended,215160,29158507,Posted: 10 January,all,Fiddlesticks,"Just completed this game after 20 hours of very enjoyable puzzle solving and silly antics. I recommend this game to anyone who adores the Tolkien style fantasy. gameplay is avarage as far as point and click goes. the puzzles can be somewhat far-fetched, but hey it's a comedy/fantasy adventure. With an open mind and the willpower to not check out a youtube walkthrough you will have a blast while figuring out the painfully ""obvious"".This game is the equivalent of having a cup of hot chocolate with a good book by the fireplace in a cabin 8/10PS. There's a sequal XD"
,Recommended,215160,29714984,Posted: 5 February,all,Drizzt,"Not  much to say apart that it is a really good adventure. Most of the puzzles are logical, the game is smooth and funny, well rounded characters, nice graphic, everything is good.The only issue for me, albeit small, is that it can be a bit...boring, so to say, in a few occasions, some puzzles I found uninspiring. But all in, it's a really good game that you should play."
76561198054073678,Recommended,215160,8867310,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,gone from 3/10 to18/10,"Charming game that takes you through lots of puzzles and keeps you intrested, the second game continuing this one is great as well."
,Recommended,215160,31393456,Posted: 27 April,all,skyecakes,"I don't even know where to start. I loved everything about this game.It's hilarious, has a fun story and characters, and the puzzles are interesting and are challenging at times."
76561198088937635,Recommended,215160,32216379,Posted: 6 June,all,Aber,"Overall enjoyable game, could do with a little more hints."
76561198068909514,Recommended,215160,32888208,Posted: 27 June,all,Streble,Nice little point&click adventure with lots of 'weird' characters.
76561198072401474,Recommended,215160,6686555,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,zipser,"A graphically detailed point and click adventure, with plenty of in-jokes and references to other games."
76561198082725202,Recommended,215160,33039322,Posted: 30 June,all,mazsail,"Do you like obscure 80's and 90's movie references?  Do you like video games that poke fun at video games?  How about quirky characters that make you laugh out loud?  If so, this game is definitely for you.  This game has wonderful artwork, great voice acting and a reasonable story.  Most of the puzzles are straightforward and will provide you with hours of fun.  If you liked deponia you will like this game as well."
,Recommended,215160,33024514,Posted: 29 June,all,renderb,"This game is fun, funny, and looks pretty good as well. If you enjoy classic point and click adventure games this is a must buy. On the other hand, If you don't like pixel hunting, and a lot of trial and error, maybe not. This is very much an old school style adventure game. I personally love that, but I know it isn't for everyone.Even if that isn't entirely your cup of tea this might be worth playing once with a guide/hints just to see all the silly little things, and the rather amusing story.The book of unwritten tales has good voice acting and music. In my two playthroughs I also ran into no technical issues what so ever.  It got more than a few chuckles out of me, and I highly recommend it."
76561198314066753,Recommended,215160,33057010,Posted: 30 June,all,hedfuc,"Puzzles: entry level, meaning it is easy. In comparison to the Deponia series, there are less steps of mucking about with your items to reach solution imo.Graphics: when resolution is maxed the graphic is crisp. There are little glitches throughout the game but since this is point+click, it shouldn't bother you.Bugs: I encountered only 1 bug in which I couldn't select anything or open menu so I had to restart the game but luckily I saved not so long before. If I haven't, I would have been very annoyed.Parody: this game is full of little parodies and homage to movies, literature and games. Such are Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Terry Pratchett, World of Warcraft, etc.Characters: as this is a 3rd person point and click game, you get to play number of different characters. Different characters such as a gnome, elf, human and a strange pink creature called Critter becomes a protagonist that can be played. Sometimes you get to switch between 2-3 characters at once to solve puzzles that involve teamwork or interaction.NPCs: Great amount of time will be spent on interacting with other characters and they are all very funny. Compared to The Book of Unwritten Tales 2, the interaction needed between you and NPCs are somewhat shallow and too easy.Length: It took me 13 hours to finish and approx. 2-3 hours of that has been just leaving it running while I was doing something else. I wanted it to last a little longer.I have played The Book of Unwritten Tales 2 before the first game and believe me, the second one is waaaaay better in length and puzzle complexity but in order to play the second one, I highly recommend that you play this one first.You'll see that almost all the NPCs reappear in the 2nd game and you'll get to know more about them better as a character.My recommendation is to put this on the wishlist until it goes on sale and spend that extra money on The Book of Unwritten Tales 2.This game is a good break from other intense and violent games."
,Recommended,215160,33631057,Posted: 18 July,all,laufaider,"This game has many subtle (and not so subtle) meta-jokes and fourth wall breaks, no pixel hunting a part from one or two instances, creative characters and environments and clever writing (although the end did feel slightly rushed) so I had lots of fun playing it. I'm going to try the second game out for sure."
,Recommended,215160,33638984,Posted: 18 July,all,ryding,"Wonderful game! Fantastic story, excellent voice acting and beautiful art work. Overall: 10/10."
76561198046384668,Recommended,215160,33561053,Posted: 15 July,all,jeslyck,A fun game with a lot of humor and fourth wall jokes.
,Recommended,215160,34942745,Posted: 13 September,all,Edamame 7of9,"A fantastic PnC adventure for adventurers! I love the humor in the game. The references and jokes weave their way through (and sometimes are) the story, much like a Pratchett book. The characters other than the gnome have virtually no backstory, which I actually didn't miss.The puzzles are overall very straightforward and quick, with a fairly good range of puzzle types. Walking everywhere is done well (double click on doors/roads to skip walking across a room, and a quick-travel map system is employed in a few sections) and the developers did put in holding spacebar to show clickable objects.It was interesting to me to solve puzzles by swapping the playable characters and using their individual characteristics. The gnome is short, the human is strong, etc. Having to employ two or three characters to solve certain puzzles adds a level of complexity that I really enjoyed.It's a pretty short game (I clocked in at just over 12 hours for a full playthrough, some of which was idling) which is on par with most other PnC adventures I've played.Very much recommend this game for anyone who likes the genre, Pratchett-esque references and has a sense of humor."
,Recommended,215160,35122953,Posted: 22 September,all,Strongbrush,"If you love fantasy, you might like this game. If you hate fantasy, then you still might like this game.The Book of Unwritten Tales is a point-and-click adventure very heavily inspired by fantasy works like The Lord of the Rings and Dungeons and Dragons, with a very tongue-in-cheek, self-referential sense of humor about itself. Nearly every single fantasy trope under the sun is referenced, discussed, or blatantly mocked. But rather than undermine one's enjoyment of the story or its beautifully rendered setting, this sense of humor actually helps propel the story forward.There are a few technical hiccups which may detract from the player's immersion, but the interface is intuitive, easy to use, and the game itself doesn't require moon logic to solve any puzzles. If you enjoy traditional adventure games, epic tales of fantasy, or gut-busting comedy, then I recommend giving this one a go."
76561198283103401,Recommended,215160,35181708,Posted: 24 September,all,catlady66,"loved it good story good graphics overall good game, got on sale so even better, played this and the other 2 ,so hope they do another one maybe even more, good point and click game some funny bits if you like point and click u should like this its a decent length as well so thats good if you like escape monkey from  island its simialr to that but saying that it good on it own merit, the charectors are fun, just great overall game to play, if you like these sort of games even if you dont try it you might find you like it not sure what else to say but i do reccomend it to others see for your self"
,Recommended,215160,35290597,Posted: 29 September,all,Space,Classy point & click adventure. Funny. Puzzles. ~20 hours of playtime. Worth a few bucks.
,Recommended,215160,35360887,Posted: 30 September,all,NeoGeoMVS,good game!
76561198036187439,Recommended,215160,35197137,Posted: 24 September,all,gspot19,"A very enjoyable point-and-click adventure.  If you like later King's Quest games (eg. V and beyond) and similar games, you should enjoy this one - there are better graphics (of course) and there is plenty of humour.Originally a German game (I believe), the English voice acting is very well done.There are some similarities to Indiana Jones (games and movies) with some tributes thrown in.This game offers the opportunity to play multiple characters [almost] simultaneously, and overall there are four characters to play.  This offers a varied experience and the need to play each character properly to finish chapters (or portions thereof).It's not perfect, there is some repetition in movement required, but there is enough variety and no chance of death so eventually you can complete each chapter without reloading.I definitely enjoyed this one.  8/10."
76561198026324434,Recommended,215160,35477507,Posted: 4 October,all,Aerean,"The Book of Unwritten Tales was my first experience in the point & click genre, and I found it very engaging, and entertaining. I don't think I have laughed as much during a game as I did playing this. Some puzzles are straightfoward, yet entertaining, while some are much harder, even to the point of frustration. The game follows the typical LotR/Warhammer type of lore, but makes it much more bright and friendly. Yes, there are still evil villians that will smite you (with his teenage backtalk and awkward magic) and mighty dragons...although this one looks more like it belongs in Gumby (look it up!), but for every dark (technically) part of the game, there is light-witted humor to counter it, and it's great!If you're a fan of the point & click genre, or if you have never played one before, and you are interested in trying one out, this is the game to get!"
