user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,215280,12741022,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,<[L4Desu]> FlaSh.G,"Note: This review was written for ""The Secret World"", not ""Secret World Legends"".It's not a game for everyone. Maybe you'll like it, maybe you won't. That depends on what makes a game good for you.It has quite some flaws. The UI is made with flash, runs badly and doesn't give you all the features you'd want. The shaders aren't very optimized. There are bugs. If you're used to have the whole story presented to you, you'll find the story slow and boring.So why would you like this game, like I do?If you're ready to spend some time in its world. And by that, I don't mean ""to play"", I mean ""to look around, read the lore, and let the immersion build around you"". This game doesn't do everything for you. It expects you to take a certain part in exploring it and make your own conclusions. If you're ready to take that part, by reading, researching, learning, and maybe continuing to think about it when not playing, you will get an immersive experience in a world filled with horror stories, spooky places, interesting people and secrets like few other games have. Sometimes, it's just more like reading a good book than playing a good game.In addition, the character development system is or is not going to make you happy. If you think that wow has what gets you there, you maybe won't become friends with tsw's system. It has no classes, almost no levels and wants you to rethink your whole build and gear every now and then.But that just fits to the whole concept of a story-rich world. Your character won't develop on a given line, you can, at any time, choose the next direction your character goes. This, and the fact that the look of your character is in no way connected to your play stlyle (or class, since there are none), gives you the possibilty to use your toon as a good roleplaying character. Something that Funcom supports in multiple ways, including places in the world that have no use for quests, but for roleplaying only.So when people tell you about the rich story, they don't mean your character's personal story that is told to you, they mean a world filled with lore, tiny details and story pieces that you can explore bit by bit in order to find out more about it.So yes, if you want a story directly thrown at you, an mmo with excellently balanced classes or a completely bugfree AAA experience, you probably won't like this game.But if you sometimes enjoy a good book, have an imagination that you can use, or like a progression system that sometimes takes roleplaying over balancing, you have found a gem here. One that allows you to immerse in an amazing, spooky world - if you are ready to take exploring the story into your own hands."
76561198068085433,Recommended,215280,8122058,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,IHazMagics,"As a player of this game for almost two years, I feel I should weigh in with a review for any new players looking at TSW as an MMO to jump into. While I highly recommend it, an MMO can be incredibly polarising, and TSW has it's share of polarising features both for better and worse.The game boasts a unique world, you literally will not find another game brimming with the story beats and character that this game has. It's in the environment, incidental dialogue and monsters you come across. It boasts an interesting story about 3 factions, and how each faction is working in their own ways to guard and prepare for the coming filth (and that which is already here). All the while playing off against each other because after all, they have their own agendas.The gameplay is fun an interesting, run and cast system so that you are usually always moving. The range of skills and weaponry means that you can cultivate a character to your whim and the unlimited level cap (none, in theory) means you can essentially have a character that can do whatever you'd like it to do. An area calls for you to be a bit tankier? Done. A dungeon requires you to fulfil a healer role? Done. This hammers home the end-game need to build specialised builds that are constantly trying to improve through either signets, augments, or raid tier upgrades (if that's your thing).If end game content isn't your thing, and you want to see the rich story through the Solomon Islands, to Egypt and then lastly Transylvania. You don't need to grind any end game gear at all. You can enjoy the story alone, or with friends and can decide at any point if you'd like to engage in a dungeon. Thankfully, the tier levelled dungeons means that there are different difficulty levels of each dungeon.The game has a number of well thought out systems that sound brilliant on paper, that sadly are implemented poorly. Which is to be expected of Funcom (Ever the dreamers, never the achievers). The party finder system usually leads to more confusion that it does active parties opting for the tried and true ""LFG"" posts in general chat.The development cycle is notoriously slow, as they are running on a small staff the updates or ""issues"" as they name them, usually take longer than anticipated. Originally, they had a 1 issue a month plan, after falling behind that on numerous occasions, they have abandoned that for a more vague ""when it's ready"". Usually coinciding with a ""State-of-the-game"" update from Joel Bylos (Game Director).The game recently has started to receive a huge boost in player base (no doubt the steam sales having a hand in this). New players I hadn't seen before are now reaching the end-game content, which always helps an MMO to remain fresh and current. The community is, for the most part; friendly, vibrant and willing to assist new players. Whether that's communicating answers for questions, or helping with dungeons so that you learn. Bare in mind though: Like most things, if you want to be carried through the game, expect more stick than carrot with players.Overall, I would suggest this game to players disenfranchised by your typical high fantasy setting we've come to expect from the MMO scene. It a fresh and deserved game in the MMO scene and one that is highly worth trying, who knows, you may just find yourself enjoying it just as much as the rest of us."
,Recommended,215280,15497932,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,⎛Zii⎞,"!!!This is a review of ""The Secret World"". While most of this review will apply to ""Secret World Legends"", some of the points about gameplay may be different. I will update this review to reflect the new version of the game after playing it for a while. Thank you!!!Two things I barely ever do:1.) Play M.M.O. R.P.G.'s.2.) Write reviews on steam.This game has forced me to try both :D. Let's start with pros/cons.----PROS:Storyline-Vast universe filled with dozens of worlds, and thousands of replayable quests.-Constent flow of new players, that way no one world feels too desolate/over-populated.-Quests. Are.. EVERYWHERE. Everything from a NPC's handing them out at your local city to stumbling across a corpse with a treasure-map in the middle of the road. Very non-linear.-H.P. Lovecraft approved, atleast fan-approved :D (To see Kingsmouth in-game made my day)-Bits of scattered ""lore"" throughout the game clue you in about the history of certain landmarks and events that happen through-out The Secret World.-Has a LOT of pop-culture refrences. Eveything for popular movies to new video-games.-Cutscenes actually put your custom character into them!!! Badass. Real badass, bro.-There are plenty of cutscenes compared to MMOs like Guild Wars or World of Warcraft.Gameplay-You can either play the classic mouse-clicking way, or switch to over-the-shoulder 3rd-person aiming-view, OOOOOR zoom your camera all the way in and play in makeshift 1st-person :D.-Doesn't feel like any other RPG out there. Very fast-paced, doesn't have that 'grinding' feel.-Gameplay feels like a upgraded MMO version of ""Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines"".-Not typical lvling system. In fact, no ""levels"" what-so-ever, mearly distribution of skill points.-Hack-and-slash, killing hoards of monsters hasn't been this fun since Diablo.-Creatures vary from location to location, this game doesn't just color a creature a different color and make him harder, it's like they went through the entire Necronomicon in this game.-Great crafting system, strongest weapons/armor/items are crafted.-Great character customization, seemingly unlimited choices.-Playable alone if the servers ever die. (You'll have to be a high lvl to take on some missions.)-Not completely abandoned by devs.Funcom Points-NOT pay2win, not much stuff to buy with REAL money that you can't get in-game for free.-If for some reason you're lookin' to spend cash, they've got some great vanity stuff-If you want the vanity stuff, but don't have cash, there are promotions that might help.. ;)-If cash is not a issue for you, then take solace in knowing their prices are really cheap c:Performance-While the game IS old, the graphics are pretty decent, and are still being patched.-I has a: Radeon R9 280x GPU. And it runs like warm butter on ultra settings.Misc-Cool cartoony colors.-Friendly community.----CONS:Storyline-Sometimes you get a quest that is impossible to beat alone or at your current level (despite the quest claiming to be ""normal"" difficulty), bit of a buzz kill when you make it half-way then figure that out the hard way... by dying brutally and seriously out level'd :P.-Compared to other MMO games, it doesn't have as many active players as other titles.Gamplay-PVP seriously unbalanced. Like... whacky unbalanced......I would spend atleast 50 hours playing co-op or alone before ever stepping in the PVP zones. (I've got 40 hours under my belt and still haven't even reached the PVP zones lol. Big game.)-Steep-ish learning curve. (Steep because so different from other games.)-Combat animation with some low-rank weapons can be repetative.-Defualt short-cut and keyboard layout can feel a bit cluncky.-Each issue past 8 is expensive... I reached Tokyo and now I need 29.99 to keep playing :/Funcom Points-They should have made their item market on steam. Would have been much easier transaction-wise. Then again, who can blaim them for not wanting to cut steam in?-The Item shop doesn't have good descriptions on some things. They don't mention stuff like: Uniforms don't show stuff like necklaces or gloves, est. Or anything labeled ""effects"" is used to the London Theatrics Company, yet that info is no-where to be found.Performance-40+ GB download.-This game will eat all your free time up. YUMYUMYUMYUM..... gone. XD (This may be a pro.)Misc-No steam achievements? But it has it owe achievements -_-...-At times, the voice acting can be a little corny :P....ONLY AT TIMES! And It fades away with the awesome story.-OVERALL FIRST IMPRESSION:The storyline strokes your ego enough to make you feel individually important in a world with so many players, while at the same moment stressing the importance of teamwork, breaking the ice for interactions between new-comers and vets.Even though you can do the lone-wolf thing and beat the majority of missions alone, it's easier and more fun putting a group together to quest with, even if it's a random passer-by who just happens to be on the same page as you.Many vet players are kind enough to let you tag along on quests if they've got a free space, and you'll always find someone willing to help you whether it be directions, healing, or back-up.-LONG TERM IMPRESSIONWill update the more I play, but in all honesty, not seeing much negative aspects.So, if you're torn between the fence, buy in confidence, tis' a great game :D.P.S. To all new players! Don't forget to renew the free stuff they give you atthesecretworld.com, and check out the promotions they do such as; finish 30 missions get 1200 funcom points free.Recommended Guides for Starters.-http://www.tswdb.com/miscellaneous/the-secret-world-beginner-guide/-http://yokaiblog.wikidot.com/guides:craft-patterns#toc23"
,Recommended,215280,13955918,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ownosourus,"When you play this MMO, as you most assuredly should do, it will serve you to remember it is not World of Warcraft. It is not Rift, or Champions Online, neither Age of Conan, nor Star Wars: The Old Republic. It is not for end-gamers or raiders, grinders or power-levelers, PVPers or dungeon runners.Rather, it is The Longest Journey and Dreamfall, Broken Sword and Syberia, Gabriel Knight and I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream. It is for seekers and journeymen, detectives and discoverers; it is for explorers, and it is for adventurers.So is The Secret World a game you will enjoy?Familiar MMORPG trappings are apparent; there are definite systems and mechanics at play that one could use to thusly label this game, but close examination quickly reveals this style of MMO is not one that will appeal to a mass market.Beyond the limited character customisation options, the somewhat hasty justification of your avatar’s situation and subsequent induction to their chosen faction, lies an entire parallel universe to be explored. The scene set is present day, with the twist that here in The Secret World, all conspiracies, myths, and legends are true.The Secret World delivers a definite sensation that there is nothing here that does not exist through explicit design, be it the name of a town or the colour of the flowers planted in someone’s front yard. It feels as though every constituent is grounded and has a weighty history attached, as though understanding the lore is but an Internet-search away.The mission structure is unlike any you will have encountered before. There are several types of mission, and a small limit on the number of each that can be active at any time. The translation of this is that one cannot race wantonly through hub areas, collecting missions with abandon, to turn-in simultaneously for experience rewards broaching hedonistic quantities.Neither can missions be discarded once acquired, and though it is possible to pause them to resume later, it’s not an efficient method of churning through content. Of course Funcom doesn’t actually want you to be churning at all, but to be instead involved in your actions, and to see missions through their multiple tiers and increasing difficulties to their satisfying conclusions.Some missions require a rethink of your entire MMO approach to date, and this time I can provide an example. An escort mission of sorts mandated the continued living status of my accompanying NPC. After failing twice, I resolved to level a bit and come back later, until I remembered there are, in fact, no levels.Experience does still accumulate, but its effect is to unlock more skills and abilities. True, some of these are more powerful, but it doesn’t have the same impact as levelling in other games.Tactical skill-based combat is what's important.The skill wheel takes a while to get your head around, but basically you can choose from melee weapons (sword, hammers, and fists), firearms (pistol, shotgun, and assault rifles) and magic (chaos, blood, and elemental). Each skill has subsequent layers to unlock. You are not tied to any one skill; in fact, you can effectively have two skill ""trees"" selected at one time - a Blood Mage wielding a Shotgun, for instance. You can go heavy on one skill and unlock deeper and more complex skills or you can choose to pick a scattering of each.Visual information in The Secret World is more important than it would be in other MMOs. Clues for quests are scattered about everywhere. Being able to read your environment, not just your powers bar, is a skill to be mastered in this game.Beyond the informational side of things, the general art style and attention to detail just completely suck you in.  Sweeping vistas are easy to find if you go high enough, but it's on the ground that you feel the setting.  Mist-shrouded woods, caves illuminated by phosphorescent mushrooms or the occasional lantern, burning deserts, and seashores all have a heft to them visually, even when they're overrun by nightmarish creatures that by turns are fascinating and repulsive at the same time.As with the visual, so with the audio. Sound cues are always important, particularly if you've drawn aggro from a mob, but it's the use of sound in quests and puzzles that make it a step above the norm for MMOs.  Finding the signal in static, the right tones to unlock a door, even tracing a siren's song back to its origin point, there's all manner of clever uses for sound in this game and some of them will get you killed in short order if you're not on the bounce. Equally impressive is the voice acting in the game. The storyline and main quests all have voice-overs for their introductions.There are a couple things I didn’t get into, such as the dungeons, but I never had the chance to go through a multi-person dungeon.However, I did hit a few single player dungeons and they weren’t all that bad solo.It's a blast to see an massively multiplayer online (MMO) role-playing game that doesn't go straight for the high heroic fantasy genre. Funcom has done an excellent job creating a world that is both relatable and mysterious for players to explore. The Secret World delivers an MMO experience that's distinctly different from its competitors, and it's likely going to remain the standard for future games in the horror/supernatural genre."
76561198027139966,Recommended,215280,18158172,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Falchonon,"This post is far too long. I'm very sorry. But I can't keep it short when I'm talking about something I like. And this game I do like definitly.First off: Almost all the negative review statements I read concerning this game are true. Period.This Game is insofar as it concerns the UI, graphical glitches, the inherent logic of development systematics you need to know to advance your character correctly or the combat mechanic in general highly unpolished.It falls very often short in giving you a wholehearted experience of a well thought out contemporary horror story. It is quite cheesy actually. Sometimes it's cheesy, sometimes just boring. Sometimes so confusing and overcomplex that you may sigh and just leave it alone.What are all the different stats for? I mean really for. As an advancing player I read through the forums. I do what veterans say is the best option but I just don't understand the mechanical processes of numbergenerating during combat until now.On the surface the stats are not only overly complicated but behind this not so complicated scenery lies no truely understandable mechanism which would show up after a few hours and let's you fine tune your characterbuild. At least I never got a comprehensive insight in the numerical processes which lead to the different combat outcomes.But: I'm not really into MMO's. Perhaps players who are used to this genre have a much better Intuition for the Interaction of stats in the Secret World. I can't judge this game in terms of being a good or not so good MMO.Because this is the only one I play. And I play it a lot.And I will tell you why:Two main reasons exist for me that make this game standout between a whole bunch of games I played in the last years and MMO's I tried to get into.The first one:A sometimes just amazingly cool feel ambiancewise. I said that the quests often are cheesy. Cheesy like some bad horrorstorypaperback from the trainstation's bookshop. Or sometimes worse actually.But on some ocassions I was really immersed in the dark, a bit - not disturbing - but confusing tone of the narrative which unfold. I could name a few quests I play over and over again. And I am absolutely not bored by playing them again. Somme MMO-Player's could say I am grinding... but if I'm grinding I can't say it feels like grinding. I'm looking forward to the nice cutscene I know to start after this boss battle, the beautifully arranged scenery of the abandoned Fair, or the appearance of a not so cliché character.The fascinating, gritty or disturbing atmosphere this games sometimes - only on rare ocassions - is able to create reminds me of the self forgetting process of reading contemporary psychoanalytical writings.Mark my words: It's definitely not the same, it shares only some strange layer of significance which is hidden behind the structure of the narrative form.There are few games in which I find such a thing. But the ending of the vanishing of Tyler Freeborn quest is such a moment. I'm not quite sure what's it all about, but it's coherent feel makes it worth my time.After I found this feeling in some quests even the shadow of this structural phenomenon reminds me of the cool moments I had in some other quests and makes the less well thought out and arranged levels of this game worthwhile for me.Second one:The Dungeons.I read in one review that this games dungeons have some classic feel to it. Like the old WoW Dungeons.I cannot say if this is true for I never played WoW. But I must admit that after I did my first (very newby stupid and surely - for my patrners - annoying) dungeon run I finally understood what this MMO stuff is all about.The groups which I was joining in this first period of getting known to playing an online game with foreign persons was such a remarkably stressful, chaotic and foremost optimistic experience for me that I instantly got hooked of playing a healer. These persons with which I was running - absolutely unexperienced in building and manouevering the quite responsible position of a healer - were just great, respect- and helpful individuals.I had the feeling they were about my age. Didn't take my constant failing too personally. Let me practice my skills and even gave me helpful advice and comments on how to become a better part of the TSW community.I liked this a lot.And I like it today. Everytime I play this game I look forward to doing a few dungeons with nice and relaxed people from all over the globe, and enjoying a few of my favorit quests. That's just a really good way for me to sometimes relax after work.I like this game and I hope you will like it too and I'm really sorry that I couldn't help and wrote such an enormous blah-blah post but it seems as if it had to be said.Thx for reading."
76561198052829009,Recommended,215280,8789438,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,shadoza,"I am going try to avoid saying what has already been said about the game and just share my experience.  Currently, I am undecided on whether I love the game or hate it.  There is so much potential and so many problems.  If the price is right for you, do try the game.  I suggest holding back on purchasing DLC (issues) and spending real-world money in the store until you have played in Transylvania and complete at least 10 matches in the PvP mini games.  If you still enjoy the game at the end of Transylvania then you will likely continue to enjoy it.On live chat, most players are polite and helpful.  Be aware, however, that The Secret World game can be very stressful and frustrating: even nice players are going to rant and rage on occasion.  There is a filter to keep the bad words at bay if one chooses.  A few nice words to someone having a bad day might help them feel less nasty.Simple graphic issues:  The recommended System Requirements are not set high enough.  One can play the game while meeting the requirements but there will be system lag that will make some missions difficult to complete.  Platforming within missions can challenge low graphic systems.  The graphics are beautifully done but they are demanding.Nearly all the missions, story missions, and side missions are good.  If you get stuck there is usually someone on the live chat that will help you out.  The greatest issue I discovered with missions is that some involve platforming or jumping from object to object.  This can be a problem if one has system lag or just isn’t good at jumping.  Sabotage missions have a greater instance of platforming and also involve jumping over traps.  The investigative missions have issues of their own if you want to just play a game.  There is an in-game browser for a reason.  One could spend hours researching for answers to puzzles on the internet rather than just playing the game.  (This can be resolved by asking for help or researching walkthroughs for the answers.)  The lock-out time for missions in Transylvania is about 60 hours, which leaves a player looking for something to do until the missions are cooled down.  There are issues (DLC) to keep end-gamers busy for a time.Issues 1 – 4 are included in the purchase.Issue 5 is a mystery story, someone went suspiciously missing.Issue 6 is an adventure story, like Indiana Jones movies in a fashion.Issue 7 is a horror story where children are the victims.  This is not for everyone.Issue 8 is a grind…no real story.  In this issue one gains Augments that improves abilities. (AP costs are very high)Issue 9 is a back to where it all started story.  The AEGIS system is introduced and a story of chaos in Tokyo has begun.PvP has a few issues that make it difficult to enjoy every time.  There will be lag even on the best of hardware.  Sometimes the lag is show-stopping; sometimes it is more like an unexpected hiccough.  Sometimes the teams are not full; a faction can start with only one or two players rather than the total allowed.  If your faction does not have a full team at the start, winning a match is more difficult.  The PvP mini-games are often unbalanced: a team of high-end players can be matched against teams of new/lower level players.  There is an issue where players stand AFK in a match and don’t fight at all.  If you are a tolerant, even-tempered soul, PvP is still playable as even the losing team is rewarded for playing.  Funcom is working to resolve the issues in PvP but we might have to be tolerant for a time before it materializes.  Maybe a very long time.The concept of playing the way you want to play falls into the dirt on the second map (Egypt) and dies on the third map (Transylvania).  Some missions and dungeons, if you do not have the right build, cannot be completed.  Away from the dungeons and PvP, one can play with whatever build suits them in most PvE missions.Even though most days I find something to dislike, I recommend trying this game.  Just hold back on spending too much real-world money until you get more past Egypt."
,Recommended,215280,7761127,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,alienbuc,"Hands down THE most unique MMO on the market.  Once out of the starter area, the game grabs you and takes you on a wild ride thru the mysterious ""Secret World"".  With a terrifying atmosphere, this game pushes your brain to the limits with the quests and offers different ways to complete them.  (ie. Hacking computers, searching for solutions on the Internet, etc.)  With no levels to worry about and access to every facet of the power system to create your own playstyle, The Secret World offers a gaming experience that truely breaks the traditional mold."
,Not Recommended,215280,34352612,Posted: 19 August,all,Stonewyvern,"Game experience (10 out of 10)Company business practices (-10 out of 10) or whatever the worst possible score can be!Far too many hours and money spent on the original Secret World so I wasn't thrilled to hear that their ""upgrade"" was to effectively throw the original game away and tell everyone to move over to their new build.  If that meant moving everything over, than no problem, but no.  That translated to, ""Start all over, have only some of the cosmetics and account upgrades that you paid real money for and play a build that is mechanically inferior to the original"".Well, I loved the story and writing so much that I thought that this might be alright and even if not quite the same, it will still be a great story.Now, this could easily have been a top tier game from the beginning, but the company started out with a clunky interface, and at every step seemed to be their own worst enemy in their user layout, ease of buying game points, etc...  I chalked that up to a ""Great game, but immature or inexperienced business company"".The final straw was their recent decision to go back on a previous promise to transfer the in game Funcom points from the previous game to their new game.  It was held off to get people to buy the new Aurum while they waited, then till the Steam release happened, then suddenly it was voiced months late that it will be moved over but ONLY a capped amount and only the money purchased in a specific window of time.  The rest is now lost unless you want to spend it on the previous game that is on life support, empty of players and just waiting to be shut down.So, as I told them, three strikes and you are out.  They lied about giving me the money I spent (real money, not in game money from creature drops or such), so though I was a strong financial supporter of their previous game, I will not drop a single dime into their new game.TL:DR:  Play the free game, deal with the stupid limits set to try and force you to buy Aurum, and DO NOT SPEND A DIME OF REAL MONEY IN THE GAME."
,Recommended,215280,14299279,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ƬΉΣMӨЦƧΣ ....,I only played a little but it was fun.
,Recommended,215280,8421418,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CarlCX,"The Secret World is an anagram for Elect Herd Worst, a message about the false populism of democratic elections, but when you turn that into binary it's ""01100101011011000110010101100011011101000010000001101000011001010111001001100100001000000111011101101111011100100111001101110100"" which when you realize is actually a secret QR code scans out to a PO box in Indianapolis that contains the name of a monk who lives at the highest peak in Latveria and when you finally go to him and ask what the deep, dark secret of The Secret World is he says ""it's an MMORPG"""
76561198048368640,Recommended,215280,12712936,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,nurseliv,"It's the only MMO I've ever played, so I can't speak to its mechanics in comparison to genre standards. But, it's also the only MMO I've ever wanted to play. I'm mostly a solitary single-player game type of girl and TSW is real good for that."
76561197965180048,Recommended,215280,7743298,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[GTribe] Dark13cloud,"Very different modern world mmo. It is more intelligence involved. You actually have to use your brain and figure stuff out, put things together and actually research things on their built in browser to complete quests. Very cool and original. Refreshing."
,Recommended,215280,13820371,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aya Psilocybe,"When we hear the term ‘MMORPG’ we tend to think of Elves, Dragons, and grinding out levels. The Secret World seeks to subvert this trend by not being set in a high fantasy world and doing away with levels, skill trees and the class system entirely. Set in the present day and in this universe, The Secret World has players assume the role of a regular person who has been granted fantastic abilities, and uses them to do battle against dark forces on behalf of The Illuminati, The Templar or the mysterious and chaotic Dragon.The biggest thing that sets The Secret World apart from other MMOs is its setting. Events take place in our present day world, and reference real world culture. For instance, the Templar make a point of telling the player that they are nothing like what one might see in a Dan Brown novel. Early locations pay homage to the likes of HP Lovecraft and Stephen King, and mission-giving NPCs feel like they’ve stepped out of film and literature as they go off on their pre-quest monologues. Enemies are taken from myth and legend, and include the likes of Draugh, Wendigo, Zombies, Vampires, Demons and The Bogeyman. I’ve even seen a tribe of Sasquatch.Zones are large and varied. In the early stages of the game, players explore haunted carnivals, sleepy towns plagued by the undead, occult institutions, and forests inhabited by vicious beasts. I’ve been putting many hours into the game since I got it, and still haven’t left the early zones as there is plenty to do in each of the game’s large, open areas.Most of the time, like in other MMOs, I’m doing missions for NPCs. Upon accepting a mission, the player is treated to a cutscene where the quest-giver tells you (sometimes in a rambling, roundabout way) what they need done. I really like these cutscenes. Despite the player’s character not having any dialogue, the quest-giver monologues are entertaining, as the NPCs have a lot of character and the voice talent has done a good job of bringing them to life.While still maintaining the “Kill 10 X” style of quest, The Secret World expands on the formula by introducing a couple of new quest types. Investigation missions are probably the most enjoyable of these new types, as they deviate most from the standard MMO fare. In investigations, players have to employ detective skills, along with logic, problem solving, and perhaps a little research (made easier by the games handy built in web browser) to uncover clues that lead to other clues, that eventually lead to uncovering some important knowledge. Some of the investigations are absolutely devilish, requiring a substantial degree of effort on the part of the player. One such mission presents the player with a message encrypted in Morse Code.To advance to the next stage of the investigation, the player must decipher the coded message (or give in to temptation and google up a guide using the games handy built in web browser). Investigations may also task players with cracking a computer password or following a series of cryptic clues in a treasure hunt across the zone. The investigation missions are a lot of fun, provided you’re the kind of person who is into cracking clues and codes, otherwise they can just be infuriating and force the player to follow a walkthrough to get it over with.The other main type of mission introduced in The Secret World is Sabotage. These involve sneaking into an area, avoiding laser tripwires, security cameras and enemies who are capable of quickly dismembering the player if their attention is accidentally attracted. Sabotage quests are not as common as investigations or “Kill X” quests, possibly because they can be a little repetitive. Most Sabotage missions require the player to navigate an area where the price for failure is almost instant death.This wouldn’t be a problem, but at times, jumping over a low tripwire is complicated by sloppy jumping mechanics, often ending in something exploding and severely damaging your character, if not killing it outright and forcing you to attempt the section again.Another interesting aspect of The Secret World is the way in which it does away with the traditional class and levelling systems that appear in other MMOs. The Secret World employs a system that allows the player to create their own class, or ‘deck’ as it is called, by equipping two weapons, and up to seven active and seven passive abilities. Decks are built by spending a combination of Action Points (AP) and Skill Points (SP), which are gained through accumulation of experience. Abilities are split into categories based on the weapon a character a character needs to use them. Currently, the weapons available consist of Swords, Hammers, Fists, Blood Magic, Elementalism, Chaos Magic, Pistols, Shotguns, and Assault Rifles.If one were to play the game for long enough, one could obtain all the available abilities, as there is no limit to the amount of experience a character can accrue. For this reason there is no way to refund spent Ability Points, nor does there need to be.If someone was to do what I did, and create a character build they weren’t happy with, remedying the situation simply requires picking up a new weapon and buying some new abilities to go along with it. I was genuinely surprised with how easy it was to alter the developmental direction of my character. I just stopped, equipped a hammer I had lying about, used my spare AP and SP to grab some abilities and weapon skill, and off I went.The limitations imposed on the number of abilities a character can equip may be jarring to MMO veterans who are used to loading up their half a dozen action bars with dozens of abilities. I too felt somewhat strategically hindered at first. Eventually I came to see the restrictions as a deeper level of character customisation, intended to force the player to design their deck of abilities around the situation at hand. There’s still times where I really, really want an eighth ability slot, just so I can squeeze in one more attack or passive ability, but I’ve come to appreciate the strategy behind customising my build within the constraints of the system.Combat is probably where The Secret World is closest to other MMOs. The player still has an ability bar, and the abilities on that bar still have cooldowns. Resources like mana have been done away with however, and each of the two weapons a player is carrying uses its own resource pool. During combat, players use abilities to build weapon resources, then spend those resources to unleash their more powerful abilities, then resources are built up again and the cycle continues. The Secret World seeks to break up the repetition of combat by letting the player perform a dodge roll, which allows the character to get out of the way of incoming area of effect attacks some enemy types like to use.Engaging enemies must be done with some degree of strategy, as for each unintended enemy entering combat, the player’s chances of survival decrease quite a bit. The enemies that inhabit the outside environments tend to boast roughly the same, if not a larger, amount of health as the player and are capable of taking a bit of punishment, so engaging with too many enemies at once is not in the players best interests. There is no PVP, as each faction has called a truce in order to fight the dark forces.No MMO is without bugs, and The Secret World is no exception to this. During my time with the game, I have encountered a few bugged quests, and have even fallen through the world on one occasion. The GMs were amazingly helpful with the bugged quests, rectifying the situation within 15 minutes of me sending off a petition. Other than these isolated incidents, my time in The Secret World has been essentially bug free.AbstractStory 9Gameplay 9Graphics 9.5Sound 9.5Replayability 9Controls 9Overall Score9.25/10"
76561198015337264,Recommended,215280,18252628,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Rhev,"I've been playing MMOs since everquest in 1999, and MUDs on BBSs before that.  I've beta tested and played more MMOs then I can count without sitting down and taking the time to think about it, but at least a few dozen.  So take it as a massive compliment for TSW when I tell you that this game has some of the greatest features in any MMO I've ever played.Is TSW a perfect game?  No, the game play can get a little rough at times, and the character builder feels quite flat.  But it has by far the best story of any MMO I've ever played, rivaling many triple A solo games stories.  The atmosphere of modern horror is perfect without resorting to cheap scares, but instead weaving a tale of Lovecraftian horror and survival, all with the backdrop of major political forces moving in the background.  The 'leveling' system is by far one of the best and most original that I've ever seen in an MMO, eschewing traditional 'levels' and 'classes' in favor of a more free form system of upgrading skills and items to build a unique character.  In addition this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played, and by far the best looking MMO of anything I've ever seen.  Top all of this off with the fact that you buy the game once and play it for free, no subscription fee, and this game is a no brainer.I'd reccomend springing for the ultimate edition for the extra few bucks, you'll get a TON more content, and odds are once you start playing, you'll fall in love with it the same way I did."
76561197995894805,Recommended,215280,26159022,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Sefu,"90% of people who like MMORPGs shouldnt play this game. For the rest of us, this is the best MMORPG on the market, hands down, no questions, end of story. Would you like an MMO to have a serious story and real, actually challenging missions that don't constantly mean you have to ""kill X of Y"" or ""collect X of Z""? Then you play this. In this game, you actually solve real problems.It is above and beyond what MMORPG means to me. It's like a single player adventure/rpg with multiplayer elements strongly included.My only complaint is the store is filled with ludicrously priced items. They aren't neccessary, but after already paying for the game itself, the prices are outrageous."
,Recommended,215280,12410358,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,turner,"So, this game is good, its really good. I have never played a MMO before where such care has been taken into the writing of the game, all quests are fully dialoged and cut sceaned and this greatly helps with immersion and makes you actually start to care about the world around you. The quests range from your standard MMO grind collect fest to some of the MOST FUN and CHALLANGING puzzle quests i have played. EVER, Yes in any game. These ""Investigation"" quests will have you searching google, wiki pages, local town info boards, forums, and sometimes real world peripherals. It requires some extreame thinking outside the box. THERE AMAZING more games should do things like this.The combat is ok, you have the choice between tab targetting and action targetting, the real fun comes in the form of the combat wheel where you will use points to purchase abilitys and passives to experiment with endless possible builds. There is no lvling in the secret world, instead you upgrade weapons and gear which is either dropped by mobs or crafted, the crafting is very simaliar to minecraft where you make the item shape to produse the gear you want.The atmosphere in this game is incredible, alot of this has to do with some really nice art and sound design, It trully makes you feel alone in this game, Only seeing a fellow person on occasion going about there business really adds to the helplesness that this world has fallen into.This isnt your standard MMO. You wont find hundreds of players rushing from mob to mob with there flashy mounts, What you will find tho is a amazing story and some really intresting quests that i have never seen done before, So if youre looking for something a little bit different, You owe it to yourself to TRY this game!"
,Recommended,215280,26274118,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Htown,"Played nearly 200 hours, don't think I've been in an actual party the entire time. That said, this is easily the best MMO on Steam if you're interested in a solo experience. I'm a huge fan of the insane build flexibility the game allows, as well. There are no set classes. Instead you pick two weapons and grab skills as you see fit, with the ability to switch at basically any time. You can also grab passives from weapons you don't even use to make your build better.The quest system is also a little different. You can only have 5 quests at a time: the main story quest, which will tell the overarching story in the long term as you traverse the different zones; a normal quest, which will usually have voice acted cutscenes and multiple stages to go through; and up to three side quests, which are more like the shorter quests you're used to from other MMOs.  It sounds odd, but it works very well with the way the game world is set up, with normal quests leading you to sidequests which lead you to new areas, etc. There are also investigation quests which give you very little to go on, often requiring you to solve puzzles or research outside of the game in order to progress.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,215280,10061625,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,UjuidarEhcram,"Funny that I've been playing this game for a long time now, and I'm only now getting around to write the review. But, well, I've been distracted. By this game.The Secret World is an MMORPG set in modern times. Your character awakens with magic powers in a world where all of the conspiracy theories are true, and you're quickly recruited into one of the ancient secret societies. They send you to several supernatural hotspots arouns the world in order to protect your society's interests and stop the impending end of days.You get to channel your magic through two different weapons, and you have three guns, three magic focuses, and three melee weapons to choose from (not to mention auxiliary weapons you'll find later on, such as the Rocket Launcher or Whip). Most of the chocies are viable for a player simply looking to do damage. If you want to tank or heal, you'll need to include one of the ""tank weapons"" or ""healer weapons"".I enjoy playing this genre of game, but I could never get into World of Warcraft or its many clones. This game really is something special. The first reason is that the story and mission dialogue is not only worth reading, but it's compelling at times. Some of the characters really are very lovable, and there are some really fun mysteries to unravel. The second reason is that the quest structure is really good. Sure, there are a few ""kill 10 wolves"" quests, but there's also an ""unlock the Illuminati vault by solving a riddle"" quest, and a ""sneak around the laser system"" quest. Each quest really felt like I was doing something meaningful. The third is that, in this game, you're never locked out of certain paths. You spend points to upgrade certain weapons or get new weapon skills, but you can always level up other weapons in the future in case you want to fill a different role.I should also clear up one thing about this game: no subscription. You pay once, and you get access to the vast majority of the game's content. You can choose to pay a little more for content packs... most of them are worth spending some money on.I got this on sale, and it's some fo the best money I've ever spent on Steam. If you enjoy playing MMOs, then this game is absolutely worth trying. If not, it's probably worth trying anyway."
,Recommended,215280,25766831,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,{Onyx} Fox Frenzy,"This game comes highly recommended by yours-truly. If you're into MMO's, then this game has it all.Modern RPG-style MMO where you play the role of one of the 3 secret societies across the world - the Illuminati is an example of one.The cutscenes are worth watching.Every piece of literature is worth reading. Every NPC is worth talking to.The puzzles are VERY HARD to the point the game includes a built-in browser so you can Google up a walk-through. For example; some missions have you looking up old books on Amazon and decyphering a code from the ISBN.The voice-acting is hit-or-miss. Some of the actors are very recognizable (Tim Russ!) with outstanding delivery, inside jokes, actor allusions and Memes everywhere!Hundreds of class combinations that you can switch on-the-fly. You're not limited to anything. What weapon combinations you want to use, your skills; all of them become open to you and you can mix/match whatever you like to create your own unique build that works for you. There is no one true build for any particular role.The maps are huge without any big chunks of nothing in between. There's something to find everywhere.A good chunk of the game is solo, but the best loot is found in the multi-player dungeons.No level system. Your gear is your level and you decide what your character is best at first, then branch out from there.PVP is available and successful PVP ventures unlock buffs for everyone in the region! Keep at it, because it's not something that locks in for a week. One minute your secret society may control everything and it can be taken away the next!There's something for everyone in The Secret World, so pick up a copy and join Onyx Gaming on the Arcaida Server!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I just read a post from someone named Zakennayo and I got a little angry and came back here to revise my review because I didn't want my rant to get buried.  People need hear this.Some people have played WoW for SO LONG it's forever colored their perspective of MMO's.  World of Warcraft revolutionized the MMORP gaming genre back when all they had to compete with was Everquest and Ultima Online.  Now WoW is boring, dated and severely lacking in concepts and when anyone from WoW sees an MMO they instantly try to compare it to WoW and only disappoint themselves.You'll never recapture the magic of the early days of that game and I don't know why these 30-somethings still try.  Just like Call of War 9: Modern Duty Ops 4 will never recapture the magic of Quake or the first Halo.The genre won't change until technology changes and technology may seem like it's leaping forward with every new iPhone # or Samsung Galaxy #, but it's not.  This year, the phone has 3.5Gigs of Ram instead of 3 and can both make AND receive calls for $200 more than the previous generation!  We also shrunk the chassis (or made it bigger) and made the screen bigger (or made it smaller).We're doing the same with video games because we've actually hit a technological ceiling.  It's not that we CAN'T go further, it's just we've limited ourselves with artificial barriers like ""currency"" and ""political correctness"".  It's either too expensive or too offensive.To add onto that.  Does anyone even remember what video games like Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Bros. cost back in 1985?  I do.  The original NES sold in the US for $299 and Legend of Zelda was $59.95.  Legend of Zelda was scripted, coded, compiled, packaged and ready for release in 3 months and cost approximately $5000 to produce.  The latest console is around $399 and games are STILL $59.95 with the most expensive game to date being Destiny at a !!rumored!! TEN MILLION DOLLARS in development costs (that's just for the first game released, not including DLC and future expansions) and a FIFTY MILLION DOLLAR ad campaign spread out over the lifecycle of the title (rumored to be about 10 years).This game, with all of it's expansions up to issue 11 is $60.  The same price as the first Legend of Zelda game, with fully-voiced characters, non-intrusive cinematics, an expansive world, a unique story; I could go on and on.  Even if you don't like this game for personal reasons, there shouldn't be any reason to down-vote it.  It's a good game.  It's playable.  It doesn't pull any punches and it works.  On the off chance it doesn't work, they have Omni-GM's (GM's with root console access, not just a Kick/Ban button for jerks) on hand to fix any kerfunk that may occur....Didn't mean to get philosophical on everyone; but that's just my two cents."
76561198042676242,Not Recommended,215280,34135654,Posted: 9 August,all,Faye'Li,"I have a love/hate relationship with SWL. To be honest, I wouldn't recommend Secret World Legends to anyone who isn't comfortable with a sub. And even then you still feel the same daily limits of a phone game unless you pay something to enjoy more. But if you're like me you'll play anyway simply for the awesome story.Now some features were streamlined so that gearing up is easier to understand. Instead of purchasing gear from npcs at appropriate levels, you now have the enjoyment of random loot bags so you can cross your fingers that you get an item you need. Or you can spend resources to find something on the auction house.Luckily Funcom decided that they would kindly allow free to play people the ability to trade. Something they can practice while waiting for their 64 hour mission cooldowns while subs only have to wait 8. Are you a no lifer? Well you better have some cash to spend because you only have so many daily keys for dungeons, scenarios, lairs, ect. before you start paying for them out of pocket.Sure you can spend in game currency. Mobs don't drop anything but cache chests if at all, so don't bother trying to grind money (unless it's a rare mob, and you can only do that once). You'll get a decen't amount of currency from your daily quests, but it can only carry you so far into the game. At least the daily limit on the auction has been removed, so as to encourage people to try and make money in game.If you liked the old Secret World, it's pretty much the same game, even with the same old bugs and 32 bit client. Though a 64 bit client is on the to-do list. Some old quests were shuffled around or removed entirely. I've no idea where rank quests ran off to. Maybe they'll come back, maybe not.Skills are hit or miss, no pun intended. The old skill system while not beginner friendly offered so many more options and synergy than the new one. The new skills visually look much better, but at times feel like the secondary weapon isn't even neccessary if not for mechanics forcing you to use it to retain dps or sustain. The same can be said for the whole marketing format. Take a great game, throw in a bunch of limits not in the original game and then have you pay to get rid of SOME of them. A Sub just makes the game tolerable.You can still play the old Secret World if you don't like the changes, but developement has ceased for it. Funcom wasn't making much of a profit doing things the old way, so they bioengineered this vampire creature called Secret World Legends to take over where it left off.But hey, I wan't to see where the story goes and it's the only way, like it or not. At least you get all the episodes free. The one redeeming thing while you contemplate teleporting anywhere as a ftp and watch your hard earned currency disappear, or even just refilling your potions.Honestly the longer you play a game the more rewarding it should become. You should be able to do the type of content you enjoy for as long as you like. However this one, the longer you play, the more you pay. I just feel bad for anyone trying to go FTP with this and want them to know what they're getting themselves into. I'm sure not everyone will mind though. I may change my review if things change over time."
,Not Recommended,215280,33941911,Posted: 31 July,all,Becausegreen,"The Secret World (Not to be confused with Secret World Legends) was an amazing game, with excellent writing, a unique class system (or rather the lack thereof) and a completely unique overall experience.  In this new version - much of the flavor has been removed (Filth bleeding into the real world in the tutorial, and similar in future sequences)Instead, the tutorial holds your hand to a condascending degree.  In later missions, there are continuity issues due to the reordering / removal of certain missions, entire characters / questlines have been removed.Gone is the freedom to swap weapons easily (You must pay in-game currency, and the grind involved in making a new weapon useable is tremendous.  Even High end elite dungeons / lairs drop almost exclusively green weapons, which you have to rank up to 20, then combine with another fully ranked green to get to blue, and so on... each color quality increasing the cost and total experience required tremendously)Gone is the primary currency, Pax.Earning money is limited to ""Challanges"" which require you complete daily missions, make a certain number of kills, etc.Virtually everything is paygated in some way, whether it be the need to complete massive grinds in order to get anywhere with your gear.  NOTHING in the game drops loot, other then 1-time-only boss drops of random loot bags.  Everything is obtained through missions, or gamble boxes.Inventory space is absolutely strangling - and there are 5 levels of ""Sprint"" for the first 3, you can pay in-game earned currency.  For the last 2, you pay Aurum, the currency-for-cash, $25 for 2 ranks.   Inventory upgrade costs beyond 50 inventory / 48 bank slots cost beyond a dollar per slot, which I find to be obscene.The entire game, I feel like there are ghouls attempting to hump my wallet open.  Previously, I was able to lose myself in the lore, I paid my subscription and got my bonuses - The Secret World removed Paygates for subbing, not so in this new version.  Secret World Legends still charges you unreasonable prices to do basic tasks.  Gear upgrading takes not only (literally hundreds) of other gear pieces, but also 'Anima shards' - which are only obtained by doing missions.  In order upgrade your gear, you must ""empower"" it with other gear, which costs these shards.Doing dungeons grants gear, but even for subscribers, you need keys to open the boss-dropped boxes (Which even subscribers have a limited amount of)  After a few weeks of play, the Anima costs in upgrading gear requires that you do daily missions in order to USE what you get from dungeons, else your inventory strangles you with lack of (expensive) space.Many players, including myself, are experiencing constant crashes.  Would you like to zone to a new area? Crash.  Would you like to finish a boss encounter? Sorry, crash.  Would you like to use the meet up feature to play with a friend? Sorry, crash.The cash grab, castrated quests, reduced graphics, terrible animations (which they tried to conceal with new flashy particle effects) make this game a disheartening experience for veterans, and a terrible cash-grab experience for new players - the game is an (expensive) shadow of its former self.I've been playing since the funcom release in late June, I can't say I reccomend it.   Even in the beta, I know of quite a few players that were banned for voicing many of the concerns I've listed here, with no other reason than ""Unhelpful feedback"" - Normally I would give a developer time to clean up their act, but in this case, one of my favorite games has been effectively ruined.For those of you who have played in the past - do you recall the Aegis system?  If so, they have expanded it to cover the entire gear progression system - RNG, grinds, and frustration galore.Edit: Correcting instead of deleting old information due to changes since this release was written:  Aegis is NOT in the game, nor will it be (supposedly) - the method of leveling requires tens of millions of XP (at ~a few hundred to a thousand or so per dungeon-boss-kill) to level up entirely."
,Recommended,215280,12488183,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RevNarwhal,"The story line is interesting, and I tend to pay attention during most cut scenes.  Character diversity is amazing and play style is really up to how you enjoy playing.  New material is being added, and there are special events from time to time.  Also, the game is pretty.The community tends to be very helpful and not at all like the communities of other games I have played that made me stop playing them.If you've been thinking about a new MMO, you should consider this one."
76561197964150615,Recommended,215280,17966917,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,The_MasterKiller,"I've never written a review on Steam before.   Many people have already posted about the story line, the atmosphere, etc.  All of that is great.  This is what really makes the game great for me though.   There are no character classes.  You unlock every skill and then you can build your own deck (basically role) for many different types of game modes.  There are your classic holy trinity roles of Tank, DPS, and heals.  However, there are many different hybrid roles as well.  Some examples are a heal tank, melee dps, DPS tank, leech healer (healer that heals with an assault rifle DPS), and then the mixing and matching of many skills/weapons that add more to your build as well.    I have a few hours on this game and my toon can do every role for all the content in the game (sans some brand new content since I haven't learned every role yet in the new content), and that is what makes this game great for me.   Typically in any other MMO you must roll another class to try or play another role.  Not in this game.  You get complete control of what weapons you want to slot, and you craft all your own custom gear.Many MMOs have advertised the ""Play it your way,"" model of character progression and design.   While, you cannot 100% just make up whatever you want in this game, it is the only game that comes close.   You are never locked into a specific class or build, and with their crafting system you can completely customize all your gear.   It really is the closest thing to the ""play it your way,"" I have ever experienced in a MMO.I'd recommend this game to anyone where this is appealing.  To be honest this game has sort of ruined me, as I will probably never want to play a class-based MMO video game again.    I now want my character to be able to perform any role."
,Recommended,215280,12825248,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Azurega,"As far as MMOs go, I'm REALLY enjoying this game immensely.First, to be clear: It's not going to be for everybody. If you dislike MMO-style gameplay, then look elsewhere: this game includes a (somewhat) typical (though unique in some aspects) quest system, the usual grind from time to time, and tinkering with character stats.It also does not give you the full experience if all you're interested in is jumping into a game and mindlessly blowing everything up (which, hey, who doesn't love that, too?). Finally, the graphics aren't going to blow your mind (that's not to say they're bad. It's just...they're MMO graphics. What do you want?)But with all that said and out of the way, I love the effort this game goes through to create such an amazing atmosphere. The story is intricate and intriguing, the main quests include well-crafted cutscenes with quality voice acting. And the quests! The quests took me by surprise!The quests will range from your typical ""go here and kill 10 zombies,"" to an intricate series of puzzles and riddles, leading you through town and exploring secret areas, and finally giving you incredibly challenging riddles that require you to do research (with a pretty cool in-game browser window) to seek out a solution. Never before have I been challenged by an MMO like I have with TSW.And it's also the first MMO like this I've played that has no classes and no levels, pushing you to really invent unique ""deck"" combinations suited to your gameplay, picking and choosing which two weapons you want to use and which abilities for each. I found I was realllly left in the dark about how this all worked, but after I did some research into everything online, everything started to click into place quickly. Which I suppose is just fine for a game that urges you to research and learn, anyway.The subject and genre are unique and interesting, and it's a good experience to turn off the lights, and immerse yourself in the game, reading the clues and lore, learning new things, and exploring this creepy world. I'm hopeful for even more customization of character, and I think the gameplay system could be made more clear somehow, but overall, this game is a definite new favorite in my library. Solo-friendly. Group-friendly. Helpful and nice community.Overall, you only get out of this game what you're willing to put in. If you explore and involve yourself with the story, TSW is a rewarding experience. It was a refreshing change from my years of WoW addiction, and made me brush the dust off my brain.I'm hooked."
,Recommended,215280,29155032,Posted: 9 January,all,Dimitri Cosmos ✅,"NB!This review is for the original TSW, not SWL.Short verdict:you will like this MMO, even if you don't like MMOs in general.PROS+ Fantastic lore with a lot of inspiration from H.P. Lovecraft, folklore and mythology. No shortage of pop-culture references either+ Overwhelming amount of content. The Ultimate Edition on sale with a 75% discount is a fantastic deal. Even with the Standard Edition you get plenty of gameplay hours for the buck.+ No subscription, no slots to unlock, all the things that matter are unlockable either with skill/ability points or in-game currency/tokens+ You can solo most of the missions (except for dungeons, lairs and raids)+ Very friendly and helpful community, which is still quite active+ Atmospheric+ Modern day setting, which is a relatively rare thing for MMOs+ No fixed classes, it's all about skills and equipment in this game, which you can easily change+ Seasonal events+ Free membership for 2 months with the Ultimate Edition. The membership offers considerable loot and XP boosts and free travelling+ When buying the Ultimate Edition, you also get one free key of the Standard Version to share with a friend+ Abundancy of outfits and cosmetic items. Many of them are free+ You don't feel the grindiness in the early game period, because everything feels quite exciting for about first 50-80 hours (for me at least) and there's always another achievement, another item, another skill deck to get within your reach+ Adjustable camera distanceCONS- This game is not super-grindy, but it's still grindy, especially in terms of combat.- Tedious combat. Enemies have too much HP, even the easy ones. Unless, you're doing missions with friends, killing takes a long time.- Camera issues - big enemies don't fit the screen very nicely- Even though the enemies change, what changes is their looks, not how they act and feel. Basically, there are just a few enemy types: big, slow golem-like enemies with a lot of HP;  grouped small weak enemies that can overwhelm you with numbers; small to medium size ungrouped strong enemies; spectres with magic abilities and minor bosses.- It's hard to sneak past enemies without triggering a combat. Usually you can outrun them, but you need to be careful of not triggering too many enemies at the same time, which happens quite often- Agartha is a sort of transport hub in this game and its convoluted design makes the travelling a little bit cumbersome. Also, in some maps, the fast travelling points (anima wells) are scarcely distributed.- Although, there is a unique story for every mission, after a while, the gameplay does start to feel repetitive. And that is the main reason, why I'm taking a break from this game. The gameplay starts to feel like a repetitive cycle of clearing the areas, missions and gathering lore and skills.- Too narrow opportunity windows in sabotage missions.- There are quite a few bugs and I needed to switch from DX11 to DX9 to avoid frequent crashes.- The Ultimate Edition does not include all the DLCs, you still need to buy Issues 12-14 additionally.In the end, I'd like to say that I don't like MMOs and the reason, why I picked up this game, was because of the Lovecraftian lore and the fact that you can complete most of the missions alone. So, if you are into a good story and enjoy some modern day mystery, this game is not bad at all, not at all.My overall rating:8/10"
,Recommended,215280,8804769,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Tryhardosaurus Rekt,"A quest made me to look up stuff from the Bible and translate from latin.9/10Edit:Heres a guide to the quest that im talking about to see how beyond the simple ""kill random stuff quests""  The Secret Wold goes:www.youtube.com/watch?v=-D08llCwqjcTheres alot of them too, its not like you need to do them since there are no levels in this game but its a nice change to be able to use your brain."
,Recommended,215280,9630646,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Joosh,"Enjoyable MMO that does away with leveling and your basic class system and instead focuses on player freedom and customization. Initially a bit challenging after playing some of the ""Press button to kill things"" games, The Secret World requires you to know your build well enough to utilize it during combat. It can feel a bit unforgiving at times if you haven't balanced out your gear and stats, but everything is customizable and can be broken down to make new items so it shouldn't take long to get the hang of playing.I would suggest the Massive Edition for anoyone completely new to the game. The starter weapons are good through the entire first zone (until you hit about 3 million XP) and you also get an XP booster you can use once every 16 hours (lasts 1 hour).Another big draw to the game is the overall look of your character and how much you can customize their wardrobe. Your stats are based off smaller items, not your shirt, hat and boots. You can acquire clothing items in game by doing various missions or achievements but you can also purchase them through the Item Store, which allows you to preview the item on your character before purchase. Sure, clothing doesn't affect the game, but being able to come up with your own look is a nice touch. What's more, you get your faction outfit as you progress through the game and you can unlock other outfits as you complete ""Decks"" (the closest thing to spec/builds in The Secret World). I would suggest looking over the starter decks early and figuing out what weapon combo you want to play, then spend you AP and SP to unlock that starter deck. Once you have completed it, you can claim the outfit for that deck. (Considering you can obtain every skill and ability in the game on one character, everyone is able to complete every deck and play every style.)One drawback I've found with The Secret World is that it's a bit of a time sink. What felt like an hour of play time was actually about 4 hours of real time. It's easy to get caught up in the world, I guess."
,Not Recommended,215280,34394529,Posted: 21 August,all,Dturtle,"To be honest I didn't even want to write a thing for this game, Just wanted to give a thumb down, But i can't do that without writting anything.I play MMO for investment really, I want to support the developers so they can develop the game further and improve it even more. What happened here was, they released The Secret world, which in my opinion was a unique interesting mmo. Interesting story. Decided to Become lifetime patron, and bought some funcom points (microtransaction currency). I haven't spent the mall as i was waiting for some interesting stuff to spend.Then they stopped the development of the original game, but they say we can still play it as the server is still open. But seriously who wants to play mmo with no more developments in the future?They released this version (secret world legends) instead, with a promise we can transfer our legacy (which are costumes and pets, and sprints), new combat, improved graphics (which in my opinion not so much different), and the most important thing is we're going to be able to convert our investment as in funcom points (microtransaction currency). Recently they announced that funcom points can be converted to their new microtransaction currency (aurum). Got excited. But then the conditions kicked in :DETAILS:This service exchanges all your eligible Funcom Points to Aurum. There are no partial exchanges allowed.The max amount of Funcom Points allowed to exchange is 12,000.Only Funcom Points purchased from July 1st 2016 to June 26th 2017 are eligible for exchange.Bonus points are NOT eligible for exchange.Funcom points to Aurum are exchanged at a 12 to 10 ratio. (1201 Funcom points exchanges into 1000 Aurum, with 1 Funcom Point remaining)The exchange is not reversibleThis process is a onetime event and cannot be repeatedYou MUST have at least 1 character on your Secret World Legends account to use this service.seriously? Doesn't seem like an investment to me. Not to mention people that had spent hundreds of dollars or maybe thousands, which they can't use.You can try and play this game. But if you play mmo because you like/love it, and want to invest some real money for the developers. I wouldn't recommend doing it for this game. Again this is just my personal review and opinion. You may have different ones or you may want to try the game. Good luck."
76561198014568815,Recommended,215280,12560365,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mirrorskin,"Engaging storytelling with film like cutscenes for every main and story mission, NON-generic NPC's, mystical, creepy, even frightening sometimes, yet an addictive atmosphere and mood, the best soundtrack I've ever heard in an MMO, fascinating learning curve, challenging character development, exciting game mechanics and a great player community!This is The Secret World to me.Definitely recommended."
76561197995800126,Recommended,215280,12972692,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,MasterBlasterKAZ,"most underestimated MMORPG I've ever played.Great StoryGreat AtmosphereQuest with lots of variety: Not just simple fetch 10 coconuts but also highly investigative research quests.Unique and sandbox character developmentthe gameplay and fighting itself is a little stiff. I would discribe it as a mix of the traditional ""passive"" WoW and the faster paced telegraph and dodge based GW2.10/10"
76561197972855737,Not Recommended,215280,32930635,Posted: 28 June,all,happymealfighter,"This review is for SECRET WORLD LEGENDS not THE SECRET WORLD, in steam it is still one entity of a game but I assure you, it isnt.The Secret World(TSW)is a well narratored game with plenty of very interesting themes, mythic creatures, fun riddles and sophisticated stories. The combat system was lackluster and cant compete with the modern mmo-action-rpgs but it never tried to beat those; the focus was obviously on the delivery of a very immersive world and the people inside it.And once you watched one of the RP-groups going about their play with such dedication that you thought they were scripted NPCs, then you encountered the heartpiece of its gameplay: immersion.Secret World Legend(SWL)as they ""renamed"" their f2p model of the game builds ontop of this immersive world, its lackluster (but slightly more shinier) combat system and -of course- the fanbase that got dragged from TSW to SWL.Former TSW players got ""legacy status""giving em slightly more options before paying for premium services (10 sales/buys from auction house a day, 10 dungeon keys a day) and the premium clothes they already paid for in TSW.They ... ""enhanced"" the daily expirience by putting indaily challengesthat would give you aspecial currencyyou need to upgrade features for your character (inventory, sprint speed, dungeon chest keys) or -as they painfully expirienced- toexchange for premium currency called ""aurum"". (the system got abused and duped millions of aurum so they had to ban and/or backroll several players to a certain point and are still working on a substitute for that system 28/06)->With aurum you can do alot of very strange things that defy my understanding... let me list you a few so you might understand my baffledness:-buy mounts and sprint upgrades (from 250 for the first to 1500 to the last upgrade)-buy extra character slots-buy premium caches keys (RNG boxes with several buffitems, upgrade material and plain end-lvl-weaponry)-buy AP/SP (skillpoints for upgrading character stats independant from character lvl)-buy inventory spaces (u start with 25 and 24 bank spaces, 5 for inv 450, 12 for bank 800)-buy end-lvl-talisman (armor) or weapons when buying enough premium caches-buy upgrades for these end-lvl-weaponry (tier upgrade, quality upgrade)But thats just the premium aspect of the game, I am sure they need to get revenue or their executives will whip the s*** out of them or something....Gameplay:Quests:The gameplay itself did change dramatically, some quests got changed to alter the overall fun and to drive the players into a certainlinear direction... quests are nowcharacter-level-basedand often demand that you do previous low-lvl quests before accepting the higher-lvl ones. You still have to do the common mmorpg stuff like killing monster A or genocide monster Bs, pick up s*** at C so you can make NPC D happy and so on... nothing special here. The originalcooldown for each missionstill applies, so 24h waiting time after success.Additionally they tried to implement some kind ofone-time event systemlike inGuild Wars 2and ""champions"" that substitute for the deleted rare-monsters. These drop bags of loot, one time only.UPGRADE SYSTEM:You can now alter the items you find by stuffing em with other items of that kind, making em grow with you.Green weapons grow to blue weapons, blue to purple, purple to yellow and yellow to red.Each of these items have a tier, the higher the tier, the mightier the item.E.g.: A tier 1 items passive of a random quality item gives +2,5% crit dmg, a tier 2 5,0% and tier 3 7,5%Loot:There is no loot from monsters, nothing.I dont label the premium caches loot, that would be wrong.The rewards from quests hand out bags that contain low-tier items. You will need to get alot of lootbags to progress your equipment if you dont want to spend real money for fast progression.Dungeons were altered into boring grindfests, except that you cant grind these since there isNO LOOT; just boxes you ve to spend keys for that contain upgrade materials worth 1-2 weapons in the upgrade process.Additionally these dungeons (at least the story mode ones) areso easythat you canfinish most of em alonewithout breaking a sweat. No need for tank or healer. Just dps with some sustenance.Graphics:They put in some new skill effects and got rid of some ugly ones, the graphic is100% the same as in TSWso dont expect any wonders. They plain lied in their trailers, the game did age well enough but cant compete with Black Desert Online or other modern mmos.At the end of my review I cant recommend this game anymore, not even for the free content they promised as the way to that content is very long... and you will have to pay alot to reach it in time before the game dies.The disrespect that funcom brought to its customers in form of their ""f2p"" game is just too much.Making a games content free 2 play doesnt make it right to defile its content with shady pay 2 progress/pay 2 win featuresjust to participate in the great whalehunts other companies are so fond of.And seriously, taking out the loot from monsters in a game with a combat system... are you f****** dumb?The combat wasnt enjoyable in the original game and now you cut the complete fun expirience by deleting the loot?R.I.P. The Secret World (aka Secret World Legends), it was fun."
,Recommended,215280,8687283,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,cgan,you can eat tacos to regen health
,Not Recommended,215280,32972906,Posted: 28 June,all,Mystry,"Please note, I have very low hours listed on TSW/SWL because I use the standalone version of the game. My actual hours played is closer to ~2000 hours.UPDATE: With the update which released on July 5th, there is an addendum to this review at the bottom.Now for the review...Secret World Legends (SWL) is the F2P relaunch of The Secret World (TSW). I don't intend to go too in-depth on the games mechanics, but suffice to say that you become a member of one of the three secret societies, the Templars, the Illuminati, or the Dragon, and then you go around solving mysteries and fighting Evil, with a capital E.Let's start off with the good. SWL has the grade A best storytelling, atmosphere, questing, and lore that I have ever seen in an MMO, and I've played nearly every single MMO to be released. Every player from SWL agrees on that point at least, and we cannot sing its praises enough in the story department. Also, as a F2P relaunch, everyone will have access to all the expansions (called issues) which TSW has, and any that are released later will also be free.Additionally, the combat, which was widely regarded as the weakest part of TSW, was revamped and given a make-over to make it more fun. In this, they succeeded. Enemies go down reasonably fast, and I can say that I genuinely have fun with the combat, and that they removed the tedium that TSW had.However, it shoots itself in the foot in that it also revamped the skill trees. In TSW, you had access to a variety of weapons which you could develop independantly, and whom had synergy with each other. For example, Blades/Fists weapon combo was very popular at one point in TSW because of its strong self-sustain and AOE clearing potential.That is all gone in SWL. Weapons were completely disconnected and have no synergy with each other anymore. Every weapon was given some form of self-heal or sustain, as well as utility which used to be exclusive to particular weapons. To be succinct, you will be hard-pressed to find any situation in which it is not optimal to focus one one single weapon, and have ONLY its abilities and passives active.Now for the bad. SWL did make some mistakes in the transition to F2P.  One of the most glaring is the new level restriction on quests. TSW did not have any level restriction on their quests, meaning that if you were skilled, geared, and had a good build, you could take on quests much higher than your level. Now you can't. I will admit that this is less of a problem than it seems, because even without 'Patron' (their subscription) status, as long as you complete the quests from area to area, you will find yourself overleveled, for the most part.Additionally, new character creation requires you to select a class, something which was not present in TSW. The class does not restrict your options, it selects which two weapons you start with, which wouldn't be a problem except not every weapon combination is covered, and it's a LONG LONG AWFUL grind to unlock more weapons unless you pay real money for it. The best part is that there isn't even a weapon vendor ANYWHERE in the game; they ONLY come from mob drops.Now for the ugly.The developers really♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed with their F2P monetization model. The cash shop currency in the game is called Aurum (basically gold bars), and I'm sad to say but the game is completely pay2win. You can buy weapons and talismans with Aurum, you can buy items to use in upgrading your weapons with Aurum, you can buy ability AND skill points with Aurum; in fact the only thing you cannot buy with Aurum is experience points and levels.In addition to being pay2win, it also features Cache drops, which are basically like crates from TF2 in that you need a key to open them, and the only way to get a key is to shell out some real money. Even then its a CHANCE that you get something good, or something completely useless. However, Funcom clearly was not satisfied with just one bad idea, and took it a step further. In addition to cache keys, there are also dungeon keys, which unlock the loot chests that drop when you kill a dungeon boss. You get 10 of these for free every day. That's right, your dungeon loot is capped unless you break out the credit card! Not that it will matter, because even if you do pay for more keys, 99% of the time you will get upgrade juice instead of an actual piece of equipment.And that still isn't the end of it. In addition to both of these, they have 'Patron' status, which is an optional subscription to the game. I will admit, while Patron confers a minor experience and currency gain boost, they really are small enough to be insignificant. Where Patron is a real problem is that you can ONLY directly trade with other players if you are both a Patron. That's right, you can't even give your friend a weapon you picked up that he would like, because you aren't Patrons!It seriously angers and depresses me that Secret World is being treated like a piggy bank by Funcom, who clearly care more about sucking every penny out of its short boom during re-release than having a quality game with long-term fun for the players and long-term profit for the devs. It's so obvious that Funcom made these poor decisions because they are going under financially.Let me sum up and be as clear as I possibly can be.Secret World (including Legends) is a wonderful game with a great story that everyone should have the experience of playing, but with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥, draconian nickle & diming that the devs have shoved into its relaunch, I just can't recommend this game to anyone for fear of them succumbing to the money grubbing of the devs.I hope that things will change. I hope that Funcom will see that this is not only angering the players, but is not in their best interests because it kills any interest in the game, and removes any potential for the long term, and companies that only thing short term have one thing in common: they always fail.P.S. If you do choose to try this game, pick Templars.UPDATE ADDENDUM:Funcom has apparently been listening to SOME of the screams of outrage echoing off their gilded office halls, as they have implemented (or are in the process of implementing) the following changes:Weapon tree costs are being MASSIVELY reduced, the first purchase going from 30k Marks to 5k Marks, as well as unlocking BOTH active and passive pages with one purchase.Base inventory size was increased by 10 slots.First level of sprint was reduced in cost.Increased AP/SP rates at max levelRemoved mark cost from attaching glyph/signets (basically enchants for gear)Increased gear drop rate for dungeons, and guaranteed gear drop for the first dungeon a player completes every day.Allowed trade for free players upon reaching level 15.And other bug fix stuff that isn't relevant to this review.I am cautiously hopeful for the direction the game is heading. Many of these changes were to address problems that I and other players complained endlessly about.However, for all these good implementations (and they are good), Funcom has yet to fix my main gripe with the game: Pay2Win.Until they remove the ability to purchase AP/SP through the cash shop, I will not change my recommendation regarding this game."
,Recommended,215280,7762534,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,xexanos,"PART 1~~Short Introduction~~TSW is a modern horror/mystery MMORPG set in the modern world. You can choose between three secret societies (like factions in other games) to join the battle against nasty monsters or each other.There are no classes or levels but I will talk about that later.~~Payment model~~TSW is Buy-to-play, similar to Guild Wars 2. You don't need a subscription to play but new content is (partially) locked behind a DLC. When you buy the game you get the base game and the first four Issues (that's what content patches are called). You also get enough Bonus Points (after doing 30 missions) to buy one of the DLC.The item shop is mostly cosmetic and the few non-cosmetic items are far from Pay-to-win.The optional subscription gives you some points for the store, a 10% store discount, an item of the month (clothing or pet), veteran points and an item that gives you double XP for one hour (16 hours cooldown).~~Setting~~TSW is set in the modern world. The three faction hubs are London, New York and Seoul. There are three quest regions at the moment, each with 2-3 zones: Solomon Island (New England), Egypt and Transylvania. The next region will be Tokyo (probably late 2013/early 2014).There is a lot of horror and mystery influence from H.P. Lovecraft, X-Files, etc.~~PvE~~Most of the quests have cutscenes and the voice actors are great. This is the first MMORPG where I didn't skip any cutscenes and really got into the story.Every quest is repeatable which lets you correct mistakes you made with your build early on and gives you the chance to get enough AP to get every skill later (see ~~Progression~~).There are three types of quests: Action, Sabotage and Investigation.Action quests are your typical run/kill quests.Sabotage quests have you sneak around and avoid cameras and monsters.Investigation quests have you solve puzzles, use real life knowledge etc. (One example (SPOILERS): In one of the quests you have to figure out that the hint you just got points to a specific bible verse which gives you another hint for the next quest step)The dungeons are some of the best I've ever seen in an MMORPG and can be pretty challenging if you don't get carried through. Each dungeon comes in three difficulties: Normal, Elite and Nightmare.The endgame is mostly running Nightmare dungeons and the two raids. With Issue 8 (released in Nov '13) there are also scenarios to run, which are basically instanced missions for solo, duo or groups with random elements.Unfortunately most of the content is the same regardless of faction and since you can get everything on one character you are not encouraged to make alts.~~PvP~~I don't play PvP myself but from what I hear some love it, some hate it. Better look for another review if you want to know more about PvP."
,Recommended,215280,26381585,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Landismackdown,"I've spent around 32 hours with it, and in that time only made it through the first quest zone doing most of it by myself, and there were still quests to complete in the area when I decided to check out the next one. I think there are 8 or so zones in the base game, more available in expansions (one of which you can pick up for free with the Ultimate Edition since it gives you the free FunCom points used to buy such things). The zones themselves span from a New England town to Egypt, Transylvania, and Tokyo, as well as having hub cities like New York, London, and Seoul.The missions are pretty well done instead of the usual ""Kill X number of whatevers"" or ""Collect X number of whatevers,"" and some of what sets it apart from most other MMOs (or RPGs in general) is that it's a modern-day version of the world as we know it (but with a Call of Cthulhu kinda flair, so you run into crazy monsters along the way). You play as a member of a secret organization like the Illuminati doing all kinds of X-Files stuff away from the public eye. There is an in-game browser that you can use to look up fake websites, and there's investigative stuff to find passwords and clues to mysteries. And pretty much everything is voiced. I honestly can't think of any MMO that can compete with it in terms of missions.The biggest gripe most people have with the game is that the combat, like most MMOs in my experience, is kinda boring. It's slightly more nuanced than average, but still not super exciting. You get to pick two separate fighting styles based on the two weapons you have equipped, and you can change and upgrade any of them as you level up. So you can mix assault rifles with a sword and then over time you decide you like blood magic, you can equip a blood magic focus in place of your assault rifle or sword and totally mix up your play style. And yes, it is possible to unlock all of it and even save alternate loadouts so you can swap back and forth on the fly. Pretty much all of the content is solo friendly except for the dungeons, so you can enjoy 95% of the game without needing to suck your friends in or be social with strangers."
,Recommended,215280,23807171,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Windhund,"If every conspiracy theory and Lovecraftian mythos happened at the same time, you have the setting for The Secret World.Pros* Buy-to-play (ie. no subscription). The game plays fine without spending any more money.* Fully voice acted including multiple appearances from Jeffrey Combs.* No classes, any character can put points into any skill tree.* No levels, you earn skill points at a steady pace. Instead, advanced skills cost more.* No skill point cap. Try everything!* At times it's geniunely very creepy.* A truly unique MMO setting.* Crafting is Minecraft style.Cons* Like much of the source material it's drawing from, the story is gibberish.* PVE combat is easy and gets repetitive.If you're tired of WoW clones and fantasy settings, try this. It's just dripping with atmosphere. Grab it when it's on sale and see if you like it."
76561198067432408,Not Recommended,215280,34438016,Posted: 23 August,all,Pogopuschel,"I loved the predecessing version ""The Secret World"". It had so much original and unique things like stealth and puzzle missions. Also, it was great not to level up in the classic way, but just to apply points to skills to learn them. The skill system was great, and I loved how they fused all kinds of known saga and legends from our real world into a dark, mystic rpg.Now, after the update:They kept the storyline. That's a plus. Also, the graphics are a bit better. The new combat system is... interesting. More interactive, but on the other side confusing. (""You can't have more than one basic ability"" vs. ""You must have at least(!) one basic ability""...) Still not sure, but I think, I like this change. The missions themselves are still there too. Kinda.But, now:You level up just like in every other mmorpg.The missions are level based!!!! So if you're in a group, there is absolutely none challenge at all. And if you're not at the required level, you can't take the mission, some times you can't even see them until you're higher.Also, you can't proceed with the story line, as long as you're not at level X. So much fun. Not. Forced to slay myself through 20328954324ß904503250825083480458032420 zombies/monsters/whatever. Wow. This provides real fun. And makes this game SO unique. I have NEVER seen something like THIS in ANY other game before....Ability/skill system hauled over too. Not the cool skill ring anymore; and you're even more forced to choose which skill you take, since you have one slot less than before. yay. not.All in all - no, I definitely don't recommend this game anymore. Before, it was lots of fun, great and unique. Now, it's just one of those many many many other RPGs you find everywhere. Really sad story."
,Recommended,215280,12997505,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Zetty,Not your typical MMO. More like a living single-player cRPG world.* Lots of lore and voice work to discover.* One character can be Tank/Heal/DPS based on skills you select* Good community; seems like a nice place to hang out
,Recommended,215280,22831103,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Justice,"To play The Secret World you must first...Be a connoisseur of the the arts, and of music.Know Latin.Know morse code.Be a detective.Be a riddle master.Know how to read music.Be Solid Snake from Metal Gear Solid....and more (but that's secret)."
,Recommended,215280,14418221,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Chisami,"Excellent game, pretty sure this is easily my second most-played MMO and I'm still very much enjoying it. Missions that will (most of the time) keep you interested, and a unique class system.I'll say, this game can be hard to get into. The story alone should keep you going for a bit, especially if you really give it a chance. I sometimes feel the dialouges are a bit drawn out but the story overall is interesting. That being said, questing areas are often not too populated and I imagine it can be hard to make friends, and the ability wheel at first glance can be overwhelming.One of the first thing you'll want to do is join Sanctuary by inputting ""/chat join sanctuary"" into your chat. This is a fairly active chat for new players with a lot of vets willing to help with builds, questing, and more.But as you get more comfortable with the world, your roles, the quests, the dungeons, it can become really fun. This is the only game I've ever played where I LOVE instances. I have no issue grinding every elite on repeat for hours. Each group poses new dynamics, challenges, and the boss fights are generally fun (to me).CLASSES AND FIGHTING:The ability to change out your roles and classes can be weird at first. Essentially in the beginning you will probably want to be guessing at builds online and hope they're effective until you learn the skills. But once you do, it can open up a  world of building your own builds, rotations, there is really no definitive way to play a class and a lot of the time later, you'll find yourself switching skills depending on the situation, or sometimes even roles, making you more and more valuable as a party member for your flexibility. It is amazingly valuable to be mid dungeon wiping and realizing you can't heal something, only to have a dps come up and say ""hey, we can switch"", and still be able to progress.QUESTING AND ENVIROMENT:Most reviews talk about this so I'm not gonna go into it too much. The story is interesting, with nice character variety and interesting side stories. There's some excellent attention to detail. There are actually for real sites they've made for this game connected to the story which can be clues and more, and I love little details like that. (i.e.: a character has a blog writing about something relevant to a quest, you can go to his blog:http://www.monstersofmaine.blogspot.ca/)Immersion is pretty good. Graphics, eh, pretty decent. Exploring and lore hunting is fun. Maps are fairly big, it'll take you some time to run around an entire one and see it all, often you'll find small side missions hidden if you're exploring.One criticism I have is the hitboxes for traps SUCK. I absolutely hate sneaking missions. You'll be feet away from a landmine and it will blow up on you. Absolutely hate those things.COMMUNITY:The community isoftenone of the better I have been in. If you are new to an instance there are usually people very willing to help out. I mainly heal in this game and I very very rarely get the whole ""omg noob healer!!!"" business (even when I can be that). It can be slow but there are some really cool people on this game. Late game players often even carry the easy difficulty dungeons for new players, there can be a very nice sense of community.Of course, there are the douches. It is an MMO.UI AND THE NEED FOR MODDING:The UI isn't great. It can be glitching and it's lacking as well. I'll tell you right now if you decide to get this game, mod the UI. You'll want better combat logs, resource counters, and... Well, just generally, look for the mods.ENDGAME:I'm not quite to full endgame yet so I feel a little weird writing about this specifically but endgame is grinding. Grinding nightmares, scenarios, signet missions. If you enjoy the gameplay, unlocking all your skills, making new builds, it's fun. But when you get there, that's definitely a thing. (To be expected in an mmo, but just saying.)Anyway... Been meaning to write a review for awhile. So... Off to run 24s. o/"
76561198098573163,Not Recommended,215280,34032533,Posted: 5 August,all,PR PUNISHER,"Dont let the positive reviews fool you, the reviews were from secret world not legends. Funcom has taken a literal crap on all those that supported them and turned a decent game with great story into this F2P garbage. The graphics are the same, the engine is the same, the mechanics have gotten worse, the ingame currency sytem is now made to gouge you and the grind is now substancially worse.They say it has a new combat system (lol) a janky recticle, worse gun play and faster swing animations does not equal a new combat system. Funcom has shown their true colors with this release, this is no longer the game that we all knew. So do yourself a favor and dont even waste the hard drive space, let this abomination die like the filth it is.RIP Secret World 2017"
76561198049728515,Recommended,215280,22921227,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,bluewax,"This game is not the best MMO I've ever played. Blockbusters like WoW or SWTOR beat it by throwing sheer volumes of money at every problem. But this game doesn't try to compete in their arena, and in doing so became the most interesting MMO I've ever played.Ever standard complaint of the genre is, if not fixed, at least tweaked. Sick of boring Kill X, Gather Y quests? The Secret World has the most involved quest lines I've ever played. Even their most basic missions are steeped in enough lore to keep you engadged and their legendary Investigation missions earn every bit of praise they've aquired. Tired of spammers filling chat with goldfarming ads and racist tirades? The TSW community is only interested in sharing theories and, occasionally, bad puns. Heck, just don't like monthly subscription fees? Pay once, play forever! And don't worry, while there is an add-on store, it's used entirely for cosmetics, convenience, and story additions. No pay-to-win here.If you're a fan of contemporary fantasy or cosmic horror genres, this is an absolute must. Even if you're just a casual MMO player interested in seeing how the genre can work when it's trying desperately to make the Blizzard lightning strike twice, this is a game worth seeing.Come on... take a peek behind the curtain of reality."
,Not Recommended,215280,34256527,Posted: 15 August,all,WinglessOne,"It's still good for the story and theme.It's a shadow of it former self in terms of gameplay. Old TSW had kinda janky but fun combat with lots of imperfections in animation department. On top of that, there was the best character development system out of any MMOs on the market. Skill Wheel allowed endless possibilities to tinker with builds, allowing to optimise, personalise and min-max any combination of weapons and playstyles. The new skill and equipment system is terribly boring and simplistic. It limits the player giving him a pre-determined loadouts and several mostly boring, unimaginative skills. There are no interesting syngergies between weapon combinations. Funcom literally pulled the ""Fun"" out of their product.I'd pay to get the old system back.But like I said, the story is still there and as good as before. Minus tutorial, which is longer and more annoying, but after that it's all good. The investigation missions are still there, which are really the most important ones.If you're not interested in the themes, don't even look at it. If you are, give it a try - there's enjoyment to be found in it. You just have to endure the generic MMO combat and character development."
76561198006247317,Not Recommended,215280,35034661,Posted: 17 September,all,Konman,"In the relaunch of this game from The Secret World (TSW) into Secret World Legends (SWL), funcom tried to ""fix"" what it thought ailed the game.  Mostly, the cure was worse than the disease.The story and missions and setting are largely the same from TSW to SWL, and that is worth alot and a very good thing.Combat and graphics were reworked and supposedly imporoved.  I don't notice any difference in graphics, and combat is a little worse.Abilities and weapons took a big hit, where you have no where near the freedom or creativiity as before.  Abilty progression is extremely linear.Most of the enemies you face through normal missions are extremely easy to defeat.  Some players complaineed about TSW beign too difficult, and funcom even simplified TSW near the end there, which made things pretty easy, they are even less challenging now.And then you add a free-to-play monetization model and all kinds of grind, and it all adds up to a net negative for me."
,Not Recommended,215280,9150301,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,KiteX3,"The best and perhaps only consistently good part of The Secret World is the world design; the environments are generally fantastic, the story can be pretty good, and the world overall is vibrant (if a bit shallow).The gameplay leaves a *lot* to be desired. The lack of traditional classes and level structure sounds interesting at first, but it's little more than a facade in reality. The ""classes"" of the game are your weapons, which each have two different ""roles"" that they're designed around -- Fist weapons heal, Blood magic provides shields, Swords deal DPS, etc -- and the result is ultimately a little more restrictive than Guild Wars (1), except very little in the game makes these equipment ""roles"" explicit, leaving all of that to discovery (by which I mean the wiki). The absence of proper ""levels"" in the game is just as fake -- you'll still be stomped flat if you wander too far ahead of your ""level"" (or encounter a higher-level player in PvP), and you'll trounce anything below your ""level"" -- the game just hides all of that information from you. The game doesn't ""unleash"" you in any way; it just trades your leash for a shock collar of painful trial-and-error.The controls and netcode are terrible. And yet, somehow, despite the fact that your player character controls like a fish flopping around on an ice rink, Funcom had the gall to include a significant emphasis on jumping puzzles in TSW. (Full disclosure: this review was the product of after two hours' rage, trying to glide my fish up *two jumps*, complete with skidding about, unregistered jump keys, jumps of inconsistent height and distance, and random rolling around.)Sadly, the puzzles in TSW are often painfully vague, or utterly tedious. You WILL need to look up many of them from a wiki, and you WILL want to after dealing with some of these quests. For examples: translating morse code for a pattern in a blinking light that you aren't directed towards; translating phrases into *broken* Latin for computer passwords; learning a demonic alphabet so you can type more broken Latin (thankfully provided) into runes on the floor. There's a few good puzzles interspersed, but unfortunately most of them completely miss the mark.Overall, the game just isn't worth playing as a primary MMO. If it goes on sale for $10, consider picking it up to play for a weekend or two; tour the game's environments, enjoy a few of the better puzzles, but don't pay so much that you'll feel obligated to play through the unending piles of awful that this game also offers."
,Recommended,215280,12820183,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bishop Malthus St. Claire,"If you're a fan of Lovecraft's stories, you must play this game!!!"
76561198039700455,Recommended,215280,12834750,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,StabbyTentacles,"FUN FACT: This game will make you fall down onto your knees and wail like a lost child in the worlds largest emporium of deep submersion. A truely weird and wonderful confluence of complexities.I won’t say a masterpiece, ’cause, what’s a masterpiece? But sometimes, there’s a game...The wild ride begins.Feast on.If only there were time/room for all the delights of those many wonderful hours. Enjoy."
,Recommended,215280,9360219,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Dank Meow,This is gonna to eat your life away. I don't know if this is a good review or not. The game is so good you will lose friends.
76561198025051922,Recommended,215280,26404870,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hatchet Wound,"This game is one part mysticism and occult, one part urban legends, and one part the Matrix, all put into a blender and injected with steroids and served on an MMO platter.I'm really glad I gave this game a second chance. I followed the game's production which sadly was a mistake because I sort of painted this idea in my head of what the game was going to be like. When I finally got to jump in I was disappointed when ""The Secret World"" wasn't really all that secret, as my first few hours of playing were spent saving a town from a zombie apocalypse. Being sorely disappointed by this overused cliche, I shelved the game. Cut to several years later, I have gotten over my preconceived notions of what this game was going to be and allowed myself to get caught up in the Lovecraftian style horror and heavy occult themed storyline, and I'm loving every minute of it.There is lots of action right from the start, and while playing the newest addition to one of the three ancient factions (Illuminati, Dragon, or Templar) you find yourself instantly going from average joe to superhero. Yes its a little unrealistic and overdone, but don't let this turn you off. Once you overlook how over the top everything is you can allow yourself to really get caught up in the world that has been created for you to discover.You can pretty much play this game like a single player game with MMO elements. Some may be turned off by that, but actually the missions in this game are well thought out, delivered with cutscenes, full voice acting, and are far from your typical kill X mobs, collect X items, etc. that have plagued the MMO scene since WoW (some of this is still present, but usually in the form of optional side missions).The most intriguing thing about this game are the special investigation type missions. These missions don't hold your hand and, for example, will have you using the in game browser to pull up a website for an in game company in order to find clues that will lead you to the next mission objective, or you may need to use google to translate Latin scribbled on the wall that's a riddle leading you to the next objective. This really taps into the whole ""Secret World"" thing, and is very rewarding when you are finally able to figure out the mystery. One mission even had me follwing a clue that lead me to a video on youtube that was recorded by an occult fanatic trying to open a portal to hell (yes this video is really up on youtube). This type of interactive quest system that forces you to think outside the box is something I've never seen done by any other MMO.The class system is completely fluid, you build your own class by attaining ability points (AP) and spending them in one of the many skill trees tied to the different weapon types. You are able to have 2 weapons equipped at one time, limiting you to the active abilites associated with those two weapon types, but you can have passives from any of the other weapon types active regardless of what weapons you have equipped. This system allows for an incredible amount of customization. Also there is no limit to the amount of AP you can gain, so eventually you will have all skills unlocked, so there is no need to develop mutliple characters if you want to try different weapons and builds, it can all be changed on the fly on a single character. (I strongly suggest using some of the prebuilt ""decks"" in the ability window, these will help you learn how active and passive abilities across multiple weapon types can create synergies. This is very helpful to the new player - you also get cool costumes for unlocking all abilites in a ""deck"")As far as the combat and item system, its very similar to SWTOR (Star Wars the Old Republic), albeit the animations are not quite as smooth. Many enemies and dungeon/raid encounters will require you to dodge AoEs and areas you need to avoid will be highlighted, giving you time to run or dodge out of harms way, making positioning very important. This makes combat dynamic and much more engaging. You have 7 active abilities and 7 passive abilities. Items are geared towards either DPS, tanking, or healing, and if you plan on running dungeons and raids (this game has a great group/raid finder) you will need to specialize your gear and build accordingly (but as I said, gear and build loadouts can be saved and changed on the fly with the click of a button to fit whatever your group/raid needs).TL:DR All and all The Secret World has really surprised me. What I thought was going to be just another over the top forray into quest grinding wrapped in a Lovecraftian, occult, conspiracy theorist skin, turned out to actually be a very well created story driven MMO with lots of exciting mysteries to uncover and fun character progression. If you want to experience a game with a dark atmosphere and well written missions, give this game a try, you'll be glad you did!"
,Recommended,215280,29919677,Posted: 14 February,all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"Combine resident evil and Silent Hill, And make a MMORPG that plays in the present and you have a great Game.1. Good Graphic2. Nice Sound3. Pay to Play which provides a good community4. Awsome Storyline5. very difficult alone6. Many Lairs, Dungeons and Raidsone of the best MMORPG which I have ever played"
,Recommended,215280,7777689,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,spamb0t,"A perfect MMO for those of us who want to be able to play a lot by ourselves. Great lore, great writing, and great fun!"
,Recommended,215280,29547630,Posted: 28 January,all,Sound of Night,"After buying and playing The Secret World, I knew getting Ultimate Edition was the absolutely right thing to do. It's story & lore beats most of the single player RPGs. All dialogues are voiced, graphics are great compared to other MMOs.Also, there are some crazy missions/puzzles. For example, a while ago I did theRed Handedquest.______________In first tier, there are sick people with some listed symptoms, you need to give them the right drugs.For the first patient, I googled *""spasm in jaw muscles, breathing problems""* it turned out to be tetanus. Then I checked for it's treatment on Wikipedia:http://i.imgur.com/26exBVI.jpgGived Diazepam to the patient.The first 3 patients were easy but the 4th had an untreatable disease (can't remember now, vampire bite or something); but the doctor's father had worked on it, so I checked his diary.http://i.imgur.com/FPNWAYm.jpgIt was obvious that they were elements, I tried to use first letters of English equivalents instead of Latin, but that didn't work.Then,http://i.imgur.com/TJFz66Z.jpgI wrote down the atom numbers of the elements; and then looked for the letter in the alphabet's n'th place.The message was this:“I Asked The Old Drinkers at the Tavern About My Father Some Recalled He Spent Nights With His Local Mistress There. “Good with a pitchfork and that is not all” This woman is long gone, but perhaps something remains.”Went to the tavern, checked the rooms and this was there:http://i.imgur.com/RFq8E6v.jpgIf you strip away the holiness from this message, the truth of my research will be revealedThere areholyplaces in the village.At theholychurch there is aholyman.Thatholyman owns aholybook.I went to the church, searched around and digged out a soviet laptop.It had thishttp://i.imgur.com/8vESjSb.jpg&nbsp;The laptop had a password and the hint was this:http://i.imgur.com/54RQf37.jpgI searched the numbers and they were genotype for the UROD gene.https://ghr.nlm.nih.gov/gene/UROD#conditionsPassword was **porphyria**____________________________And there's whole bunch of story missions, dungeons, raids, regular MMO stuff etc.That's why I love The Secret World."
,Recommended,215280,13663604,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,REDCORN #BLUNTFORCE [pwruser],My character got a BJ in the first 10 or so minutes of the game.Money well spent.
,Recommended,215280,14373598,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,A SWARM OF BEES,"I ate a bee and gained superpowers, would recommend."
76561198014935958,Recommended,215280,12430098,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Krocin,"Ever heard of a single player MMO? No? Neither have I but if you were imagine something so obsurd you would soon imagine ""The Secret World"".The world is pretty big and open with plenty of quest givers strewn about. With this you can explore and kill with friends but the story missions are almost all singleplayer. These missions are what makes the game so great. Many are investigation missions with criptic clues and puzzles. They actually encourage you to leave the game and use the internet as a research tool trusting that you will return. I have never seen a game with so much confidence in its design as to let you leave and know you will be back.Also, no monthly fee is a huge bonus. It takes away the pressure to play play play just to get your moneys worth."
,Recommended,215280,28063392,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⑨ ChocolateMystia,"TRANSMIT - initiate Steam signal - RECEIVE - initiate review sequence - JOIN US - initiate purchase protocol - WITNESS - The Secret World.Initiate overview.The Secret World is a modern day setting MMO, which is already fairly unique, but isn't the game's only peculiarity. It has a heavy focus on story and atmosphere, the combat system deviates from the usual MMO formula, and many other preconceptions are either tweaked or totally changed from what people might be used to. The game also has a big focus on customization, allowing players to dress any way they like, and make any skill build they want for a very flexible experience.Initiate positive reinforcement.The game's best asset by far is the story. If you can get into it, it's REALLY good, specially the deeper you go, and the more you advance through the Issues of content. The cast of characters is also well developed and entertaining to listen to, really selling you on the setting and what's going on. The quest design is also very interesting: there's not only fetch quests or ""kill 10 of this enemy"" quests, there's also puzzle quests, or quests that require stealth, even quests that require you to investigate to find an answer, using resources such as Google or the Bible.Beware. The dark side.However, the game isn't without shortcomings. For some, the combat might feel a bit lackluster and simple. While I enjoy it the way it is, and as you play you unlock the more fun to use skills, some of the animation or skill effects are a bit underwhelming. The graphics of the game, while overall great looking, can feel a bit dated or have minor errors sometimes. Finally, the game is known to have plenty bugs, from visual errors, to getting stuck, or even failing a quest because of them, but most have easy solutions and workarounds.Dark days are coming.Overall, I love this game to bits, and is probably up there with Final Fantasy XIV for my favorite MMO. Its issues are many, and some quite obvious, but the good aspects surpass the bad ones by far. I encourage anyone remotely interested in the game to give the free 10 day trial a shot, you will probably be surprised.Our wisdom flows so sweet. Taste and see."
76561198065364436,Recommended,215280,13573368,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,maeser3,"Like the real world, but with secrets."
76561198005435452,Not Recommended,215280,33981370,Posted: 2 August,all,WookV3M0,"This might be a really long and scathing review. Also despite play time understand many of us have been playing a non-steam version that launched a month before the steam did and a lot of us have been switched over to the steam client.There's very little good I can say about Secret World Legends. The vast majority of it is definitely a step down from what they were doing in The Secret World. I know many out there will justfiy this game now by saying that most reviews are just comparing it to the original but consider it like your favorite restaurant. You really enjoyed the food and constantly find yourself coming back. Then you discover that they are moving locations. It's a bit further than you're used to but the food was worth it so you bear with the trip. When you finally get to the new location the food is of a lesser quality than the old place. You could argue not to compare the two but you know very well you will. That's what Secret World Legends is like. It's a lesser quality version in a new location.One problem is the Marks of Honor system. You're only limited to 10,000 a day plus anything you can get at the Auction House or Exchange. This wouldn't be a big deal so much if everything in the game didn't utilize it. Hell, the old theater in London requires Marks of Honor to rent it out.  Sure Pax may have been for a lot of things in The Secret World but you weren't limited to how much you could acquire just doing missions, grinding, and vendoring loot drops. If the mundane stuff cost anima shards and they were a little easier to come by I could accept that. Even inventory space uses Marks of Honor and you only get five slots per purchase.Another problems is the mission cooldowns. If you're a patron it's about the only thing that makes subscribing worthwhile. However, free players are forced to endure a 3 day cooldown for every mission they do. Yes, there are a lot of missions to do but considering that this scaled in the original. New England had essentially 1-day cooldowns, Egypt had 2-day cooldowns, and Transylvania had 3-day cooldowns. Tokyo was a mix with the main missions being 3-days and the side missions being one. I don't expect Tokyo to follow that route.It is arguably pay-to-win. Sure, your definition will no doubt be different than mine so you can take this for what it is but for me pay-to-win is paying to have any kind of signifincant advantage over normal players. Subscriber perks are fine, selling Skill Points and Ability Points which you have to slowly grind out otherwise is not. And the game does indeed sell Skill Points and Ability Points. The argument ""You can just use the exchange and not pay money"" doesn't hold up because someone needed to buy the aurum initially.It does feel that Funcom is trying to hide the fact that they had a superior game than this and seem to want to do away with as much knowledge of the original as possible and pretend this is all brand new. The Whispering Tide event in Secret World Legends is just one raid where the original was a lot more content albeit mostly busy work but there was more to do than the new event. It also feels as the grandmaster status from the old game is treated like an unsightly scar and Funcom seems to want to push those who bought it away.Also, Funcom isn't exactly good on their promises. This stems back to The Secret World and their initial promise of new Issues (their name for patched content and DLC) every month. That was forgiveable because that's rather zealous an ambition. But then content got less and less and even the last issue was literally just repacking some old side mission DLC into it rather than anything new.Funcoom seems to think their failure in The Secret World was due to hard content , confusing mechanics, and boring gameplay. The real truth here is that it was hurting because they just were not releasing any kind of content in a timely manner. It gets tiresome to run the same few dungeons and the same three raids over and over (one of which was patched in and the other so unrewarding it was never worth doing).It's not all bad, however. This is not an action combat game like Funcom touts but I still prefer the reticle based system. It's not a system that required a full reboot as it had it in the original and a patch could have simply allowed it to bind attacks to mouse buttons. Still, I do have more fun with reticle combat that tab targeting.I'll mention that the story is good but it's very much unchanged from the original so I'm not gonna give Secret World Legends credit there. The story and the atmosphere was part of the original and it's all here as well.So, yes, comparisons are going to be done. You can't justify sour grapes when this is done with so many other franchises and reboots.If you want to try it for the story and atmosphere then by all means do so. It's definitely the best part of the game. If you somehow can acquire the original game that would be a better way to play it and with the lack of players on the old servers you'll get the same isolated feeling as they are intended with Secret World Legends.If you're looking for an MMO with dungeons, raids, PVP, or and reasonable progress then look elsewhere. The only type of players that will support this are white knights/apologists, those who are hoping for the mythical Season 02, and those who just enjoy the story and atmosphere enough to get immersed into just wandering about. If you're not one of those you'll most likely be disappointed."
,Recommended,215280,20496794,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Mollacholy,"______________________________________Updated/Revised @ 100 hours______________________________________WARNING: This'll likely be long.Firstly, I'd caution social MMO fans that TSW is not the kind of MMO to which you're probably accustomed. While there are many social features here (such as raid-only dungeons, a kind of ""buddy system"" designed to connect likeminded players, etc.), TSW feels a lot more like a single-player game with multiplayer options than the other way around. It's HIGHLY immersive and, in my humble opinion, best suited for roleplayers and hardcore ARPGers than casuals or social butterflies.As for immersion, one of the things I like most about TSW is that it truly makes you CARE about the characters and the stories it provides for you as a player. Cinematics accompany nearly every main or story quest-giving NPC and your quests are capped to better ensure that you take your time while exploring the regions available to you. The stories are very much alive in this game.It's also a true horror fan's wet dream, going far beyond cheap jump scares and the same old monster grinds over and over again. Sure, there are ""kill quests"" which require you to knock off a dozen of the same mob and you may get tired of seeing zombies around every corner by the time you've made your way through most of the Savage Coast, but you'll also be tracking down the pages of discarded horror novels and following in the characters' footsteps. You'll be battling haunted theme park rides and discovering hidden Illuminati archives. You'll be learning all about the woeful fate of Andy's kittens. It makes the monotony of creature killing so much less monotonous and (in some cases) gets a teensy bit difficult to play comfortably alone in the dark.Key things to remember if you're just getting started:-The leveling system is less about the prestige of character level and more about your combat build, with an emphasis on faction rank and ability combinations.-The crafting system is a little (read:extremely) tough to master at first, but once you've gotten it down, it becomes a fun sort of mad science.-The dungeons are incredible and well worth the effort of LFGs.-You WILL change your mind a half a dozen times about which weapons you want to use.-You WILL get frustrated trying to figure out how to complete some of the investigative quests-You WILL break down and Google how to solve at least one of the aforementioned quests because the game isn't holding your hand.-You WILL die. A lot.-The community is there to help you. They're very kind as a whole and I've personally never seen anyone trolled for not knowing how to do something. Don't be scared to reach out if you need help.The most important thing to bear in mind about TSW, I think, is that it requires patience and a passion for discovery. If you're looking to barrel through a game that'll make you feel like a god from the word ""go,"" try a different MMO. If, however, you'd rather be elbow-deep in the lore of the old gods and feel like you're literally lost in a world of unending madness, play the Secret World.Masterfully written, beautifully executed.It's the best MMO I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,215280,34828597,Posted: 8 September,all,[GLAN]ST,"Yet another once-good MMO gutted and repackaged to bank off of that sweet ""freemium"" micro-transaction paradigm.Back when it was ""The Secret World"" it was an outstanding MMO with interesting and unique depth to both the story and the battle/gameplay mechanics. Now that it is ""Secret World Legends"" it is a dumbed-down husk of the original form -- with the only remaining originality and depth being in the story that was kept.As a side note: it is a bit irritating that they are still counting the positive reviews for the original version towards this ""remake"", given how much was changed and that you are forced to start over, keeping virtually nothing from the previous version."
76561198041797559,Recommended,215280,23343545,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Sleeper,"It is the best mmo currently available. There is no other online game with better quests or deeper atmosphere. Absolutely everything is voiced and most of the quests deserve to have a full game dedicated to them,If you love the works of Lovecraft, mythology, urban legends, modern setting  and mature community, you will find yourself at home here."
,Not Recommended,215280,33011242,Posted: 29 June,all,Werewolf  Alpha,"First, the positive reviews you see, are for TSW, NOT Secret World: Legends. Right off the bat, they are stealing reviews from a different iteration of the game. The latest reviews are for SW:L and they are Mixed.The game still crashes like it's a week old. This game is years old and since they changed pretty much only the combat (you can actually change just a few files and use the old version of the software to play the new version, sadly), this game should be polished, yet it has crashed for me about 10 times in 3 days. Unacceptable. Their F2P model is RIDICULOUSLY greedy, and is costing them players every day. They chose a sleezy company to accept payments to save a little money, and they have been screwing players over like mad. One guy got charged 450$ and had to get on Reddit and complain before someone finally stepped in and helped him. They don't offer the ability to pay with PayPal, and I wouldn't give this sleazy company my CC info if it was for an amazing game, let alone this half-finished, half-arssed version of pay2win garbage you slapped together. You could have made a lot of money. Instead you chose to put dungeons and loot behind a paywall to wring every cent you could from the players. The base of this game loves it, and even re-releasing it could have been done right. You could have spent some money adding some DLC to the original game which you sold lifetime subs to and then stopped supporting it to sell this 1.1 version. Shame on you. Every step you've made has ruined what could have been an amazing version of the game. You;d think you would have learned somethign from your first failed attempt to release this game, but no, here you are makign it even worse."
76561198052214710,Not Recommended,215280,14508781,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,johnny_m_j,"This is not a bad game, but certainly no masterpiece.It used to be a subscripton game ($15 per month), now it's buy to play, meaning you buy it and don't pay anything more to play. Well, that's the theory. The problem is that you won't be getting a lot of contents at max level, unless you fork up the money for the socalled Issues (content packs). As far as I know, you get the game with updates up to and including Issue #4, while the rest (currently up to #10) has to be paid for.About questing in this game: it has often been said that this game does not have quest hubs, quests are found when exploring. This is BS. There are certainly quest hubs, and the quest you're supposed to find while exploring, are mostly impossible to not find, since you'll either do other quests in such areas, or move though them while going somewhere else. Many quests counts as ""main quests"", and these have one extremely annoying issue: if you already have one, you can't get another unless you accept that the first one is cancelled.Funcom tried to make a combat system with an advanced skill-up system, but (imo) they failed miserably. Though it's not recommended, it's possible to to go through all the contents while never using more than 2 or 3 abilities/spells at any time. That why many jokes about describing the whole conbat system like this appeared: ""press 1,1,1,1,1,2 - repeat and never change"".So, is it worth it?Well, not the full price. This game if often on sale here or elsewhere. If you wanna try it, grab it then. Imo, the game isn't as innovative as Funcom tries to make it sound. To begin with, it feels new and fresh, but it quickly becomes repetitive and average. And that's when you realise that there are better options out there."
76561197975288489,Recommended,215280,32841173,Posted: 26 June,all,Splatter,"I am pleasantly surprized with the game revamp as I'd never really gotten too far in the original game after spending money to play it.Improvements are:-Story mission pauses itself until you are an appropriate level to handle the content instead of letting you die over and over.-Missions come with a suggested level.-The ability/skill trees are more streamlined than the old ability wheel, helping me (still a new player, really) to be less prone to just spending points randomly. Yes, it's a new way of thinking about abilities/skills and it threw me for a loop to begin with, but I'll adapt. XD-I like the new reticle combat instead of the old target lock system. It at least pretends to add a bit of skill. XD-The character classes are a good way to give a new player some helpful structure but I'm glad that you are still able to unlock all abilities and skills.-The wandering mini-boss NPCs are fun, and I like the achievement system too.-I haven't encountered any broken content ... yet.-Some bits here and there are different. That's great.The improvements will help me to understand where I'm at in the game much better than before. Have fun."
76561198049092223,Not Recommended,215280,30912021,Posted: 2 April,all,rycyyn,"They renamed their store page so they could keep all the positve reviews from TSW.  It's a pathetic, cheap attempt at misleading new and/or returning players.  This game isn't even actually out yet, so there shouldn't be any reveiws."
,Recommended,215280,7790009,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,FGRaptor,"An atmospheric horror conspiracy MMORPG with interesting combat, incredible role flexibility, and great character customization. Making character builds and running the fun dungeons are especially enjoyable.+ Fun dungeons with interesting bosses and only few trash mobs+ Many character customization and outfit options, with clothing stores, a barber, and a plastic surgeon+ Unique atmosphere for an MMORPG blending together horror, fantasy, conspiracy, and pop culture+ The mega server structure allows everyone to meet up and play together+ Full interface mod support, with tons of useful mods available- Performance can be demanding, there are quite often FPS issues, with the interface being a main culprit- PvP options are limited and the reward system is still not optimal"
,Recommended,215280,14373241,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,garygse,"Others have posted highly detailed (and rather excellent) reviews of this great game, so I'll simply offer this anecdote instead:I was surrounded by a horde of monsters, with my health draining rapidly and my end looming closer.  Any hope of survival was fading alongside my depleting health, when out of the blue, some random dude in tighty whities and a lurid green octupus on his head came running through, blades slicing through layer upon layer of foul rotting flesh with frenzied delight.  And as quickly as he appeared, he was gone, leaving naught but a carnage of corpses in his wake.Ergo, I post this review simply to say ""10/10, and a huge thank you to the dude in tighty whities""."
,Not Recommended,215280,32999425,Posted: 29 June,all,dfgetdown,"This review is written for Secret World LegendsTLDR: Until Funcom cleans up their f2p model, don't waste your time and please, please don't waste any money on this game.Sadly, I cannot recommend getting Secret World Legends in it's current state. I was a huge fan of TSW, and it is mostly the same game, but their cash-grab f2p model is wrecking it. Much of the game (dungeons and semi-premium currency) is time gated by dailies (for both subscribers and non-subs), while they offer the ability to simply pay plenty of money to advance your character. Good f2p models encourage nonpayers to play a mostly complete game and entice them with infrequent premium bonuses, while letting subscribers/payers enjoy a complete game and have additional currency to spend on cosmetics. As it stands, SWL punishes subscribers with very limited daily content and no premium currency with subscription, while further punishing nonsubs even more by pay-locking additional weapons and not allowing to trade (regardless of money spent).If Funcom changes their f2p model to something reasonable, I'll gladly update this review. Furthermore, for the time being I'm glad to leave it as a negative review to counter all the positive reviews left for TSW that Funcom is disingenuously transferring to SWL by keeping the same store page."
,Recommended,215280,25628824,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Dr. Strangelove,I hate MMO's. I hate fetch quests. I hate grinding. I hate elves. I hate dwarves. I hate varations of elves and dwarves. I hate boring enemies. I hate killing 20 wolves and only getting 3 pelts. I hate having to team up with neckbeard virgins to complete a dumb quest simply because the quest was meant for multiple players. I hate it when the only incentive for playing a game is levelling up to reach boring end game content. I hate paying monthly subscriptions when I know I'll just end up playing a game on and off anyway.I hate all that MMO stuff.I love this game. What does that tell you?
,Recommended,215280,25104678,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Guilty Party,"Think 'Stranger Things', the MMO. It's got a great story, great storytelling, an immersive atmosphere unlike any other MMO out there, and is very flexible about your playstyle. You can solo your way through, gear up through PVP, run dungeons, all the good stuff. The developers actively push out new missions in content packs that you can buy (or get for free if you're subscribed), kind of like what Elder Scrolls Online does.It's definitely worth a try if you're curious.Update for Legends:It's the same, slightly better.Crafting is way better and less inventory-hoggingly tedious.Skills are a bit simpler, but itemization has gotten more complex, somewhat balancing it out. It also means it's way harder to inadvertently screw yourself over and have to repeat missions in the first area to get a sensible build going.Story is the same, missions have gotten a bit of polish. For example, missions with lengthy 'walk back the way you came' get shortcuts. 'Defend this spot against monster' types doesn't have huge pauses between the waves of monsters. Some of the more annoying monster abilities have been made dodgeable.Graphics are about the same. People talk about better lighting systems, but I had TSW on max and I don't really notice anything. Hasn't gotten worse."
76561198103735710,Not Recommended,215280,31165590,Posted: 15 April,all,Defective Rhythm,"I am a huge fan of the original game, ""The Secret World"" and have over 350 hours of gametime logged despite only joining the community in the last year or so.  The changes implemented in the beta for Secret World Legends are attrocious.  The core gameplay has been gutted and simplified, and all at the expense of the devout fanbase that has continually bought content for the last year with a promise of future story material which turned out to be a blatant lie on the part of the developers.  Instead of creating new content as a reward for the most recent grindfest updates at end-game, they have decided to relaunch and have all of that previous grind lead to absolutely nothing.  This would have at least been just moderately disappointing if they had not taken away the entire skill system that made the game worth playing, and instead replaced it with garbage.  I will never give Funcom another cent of my money after this.Oh and if you are even thinking of buying this ""new and improved"" version of the game, just consider this.  This relaunch is being headed by the same person that launched the NGE for Star Wars Galaxies all those years ago (aka forever killed the game and is regarded as one of the worst MMO updates in history).  They are implementing the same crap decisions here, and it will end with the same result.  STAY. AWAY."
76561198028317642,Not Recommended,215280,34484935,Posted: 25 August,all,Necrosian,"Played TSW before SWL . Dont know what , but something keeps me from playing this version. Be it the limited dungeon keys or the pure rng elements intruduced, or the microtrasaction laced everything . This no longer has fun that TSW had, nw it's just some F2P MMo variant."
,Recommended,215280,14403872,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Infinite1ups,"You'll have to excuse me because I like to write long reviews.In my opinion ""The Secret World"" is an MMO that does everything right. Solid gameplay with a fantastic questing system. This game doesn't disappoint. Every character you meet feels different from the rest, there's no running to npc's taking a quest and skipping through all the quest text. Each mission you take has its own little story and cutscene. Some quests require you to complete others first, in which certain characters will warm up to your character and tell you more of their backstory, making it feel like your actually making a difference. I can't say much about the story in MMO's as most tend to be okay at best but I actually enjoy this game for its story, it incredibly rich on lore and I feel as if I know more of what happens in The Secret World than I do in real life.Purchasing the expansions (labeled ""Issues"" in the game store) has added much more to this game. A new verity of weapons to choose from such as Chainsaws and Flamethrowers, to RPG's and Quantum magic. With the latest addition of Tokyo added AEGIS armor into the game, which is sort of like a rock, paper scissor combat in which you must match your damage type to the enemies armor type to do damage before you can physically harm them.The Combat system""The Secret World"" eases you slowly into its combat, allowing you to train on test dummies at the start of the game to decide on which starting weapon is best suited to you, then you'll quickly acquire a second weapon which allows you to mix and match up to 7 different skills on the hotbar from each of the skill trees from your weapons, many of which can be mixed together to create powerful skill combinations. At later stages of the game, the combat begins to climb in difficulty adding buffs to the mobs you fight, such as Spectres in graveyards phasing in and out of reality changing their physical and magical damage resistances. With the current addition being the AEGIS system.The StoryIts hard to explain the story without containing spoilers, the Story for ""The Secret World"" is incredibly well written and I have enjoyed every minute of it so far. It has a good mix of serious dialogue with a few jokes thrown in the lighten things up. The characters are written really well, there's a handful of characters that are written so that you can understand them emotionally and then there's a fair few characters that are written so that you will dislike them. Each character in the story is varies from each other and keeps the story fresh and entertainingContent (""Issues"")To a certain extent I feel as if this is where the game dropped the ball slightly. Issues 1 through 6 added a good chunk of extra story to the game and felt as if they were worth the money, considering the most you pay for an expansion is around 10 pounds I wasn't expecting a huge amount of content, but atleast something to keep the game fresh for a while longer. Issues 7-8 felt a bit lacking as apposed to its previous Issues. Issue 7 adds an extra bit of story to the Transylvania portion of the game and was fun to play, but as soon as I found myself having a good time with it, it was over. Issue 8 is where my main gripe is at. Issue 8 included the area, well I should say room ""Venice"".In Venice you can take part in scenarios, in which you must keep 2-3 groups of survivors alive through 3 waves of enemies, with a boss at the end of each wave. The amount of survivors alive at the end of the three waves determine how many ""Seals"" you will acquire at the end. The scenarios are a nice addition to the game, but are incredibly repetitive. Having Issue 8 allows you to take part in three different scenarios, not owning Issue 8 leaves you with 1 scenario to take part in. Scenarios can be completed by yourself, as a duo or as a full group. The maximum amount of seal you can acquire is determined by the difficulty of the scenario you undertake. The easiest difficulty will give you around 5 seals and each scenario has a 18 hour cooldown before you can attempt it, and a 45 minute cooldown if you fail it. In a recent patch the need for getting 80 seals to proceed to Tokyo has been removed to just completing the first training mission in Venice, which allows you to move straight onto the next part of the story. However you can still undertake missions in Venice to aquire powerful gear.All in all ""The Secret World"" is a very well created game with a lot of time and care spent in its creation. I would highly recommend this game to any MMO player and strongly suggest that they stick with it. As each issue adds even better things to the gameUpon the recent patch which changes both the combat, gear and story progression my final rating for this game has changed to10/10"
,Recommended,215280,8745580,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,nuh1,"Best singleplayer pc rpg questing game ever. Also it is online and has horriterrimegaultrabad group content. Play it like a singleplayer game, or duo with a friend and the quests will drop your jaw.There are no character levels in a sense, you get skill points and spend them accordingly to get a variaty of skills from the giantish skill wheel, and ability points to pump into your weapons and gear levels. It's a somewhat neat system, but it feels like it's only really there to overcomplicate the ""no character levels"" gimmick when in reality there are levels because you have to pump ability points into gear levels then you are rated by what level gear you are wearing. One of the main reasons why the group content is so bad, the dungeons have a recommended gear level but everyone at base gear level wants to go in asap and get carried / bring down the group.The multiplayer aspect isn't actually that bad, but the playerbase makes it horrible. There tends to be the elitist group that doesn't allow anyone to join or even try to learn the content, then the OMGLETSGO base level players who want to get carried through all the content. The dungeons are pretty well made, focusing more on movement and awareness then mindnumbing loldps.Now the quest system is a whole new monster. The quest system is built for replayability and actually makes you think and work for it the first time through. The quests are basically placed so when you finish one quest, you should be within earshot of another to pick up, and depending on which quests you choose, your route can change when replaying areas.The quests aren't the normal ""go here"" ""pick this up"" ""defend this person"" quests, these will actually make you think and make use of the in-game browser. The first area alone will make you translate latin, find secrets in paintings and artists, connect symbols to in-game items, decipher a nursery rhyme, and figure out meanings of cryptic messages. For examgle ""Time is the province of Kings and Gods. The hands of time point to truths written by Kings in the words of God.  The path is opened to the enlightened."" is just one of the clues during an investigation mission. All the quests in the game are also given a cooldown when finished so you can replay them and get the full xp again; so you can actually play through the same area as much as you want with no penalty, although higher level area will give better xp so you can get some of the higher tier skills easier.The game is a bit pricey but don't hesitate to pick it up on sale for a steal. Long as you treat it like an online singleplayer game, you won't be dissappointed. The investigation missions are definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,215280,33940767,Posted: 31 July,all,Wolf Angelus,"I used to love this game and it is about the only MMO I recommended. Seeing the re-release of the game, I advertised and recommended it to others, that is something I deeply regret now. This company must have hired their staff from some ""Clown College"", because these guys have turned the game into a joke, and are a joke (and it sadly isn't funny, so they may want a refund on that). Their name may be ""Funcom"", but they have no idea what ""fun"" means, and have rightfully earned the name ""Failcom"". The combat is so slow, how they could make it worse is amazing. They took a great game, and turned it into complete crap.Quests / Insanely Long Cooldowns / Acitivities:Do you enjoy having to wait 3 days (2 Days 20 Hours) to do quests again? Someone over there thought it would be a great idea to limit how much time you spend in their game by ensuring you only have 4 hours of activity time every 3 days once you have finished the story. Only Scorched Desert is worth farming for efficiency. Anything in Solomon island barely gives anything, everyone hates the layout/flow of Sun god map, and Transylvania is lengthy and has poor flow from quest to quest.Currency Farming:Do you enjoy repetitively spamming PvP as the only viable way for ""Anima Shards"" (Used to upgrade gear / repair / museum)? You can bet 85% of your playtime will consist of sitting in Q for 30 sec, waiting 1 min for the game to start, then the match lasting 30 seconds in order to have enough shards for feeding 1-2 items to your item (Note, it takes like 600,000 shards to upgrade purple > orange, the equivalent of 500 pvp matches roughly, and that is per item. Multiply this by 9 gear pieces and 9 glyphs. Forget even upgrading orange / red quality levels. Expect 1 piece of gear to take 1000 hours to maximize, now do that 17 more times for one gear set.-The amount of repetitive grinding you will do is insane and completely unfun. Your day will consist or mostly sitting in pvp spam mode simply for the currency.-To efficiently level gear in time:cost ratio, you will spam dungeons for ""distillates""Basically, you are spamming PvP for shards, or spamming dungeons for Distillates, no variety.Dungeons & Queues:If you are a DPS, you will sit in Q for 30+ minutes. If you are switching zones when your Q pops, you are removed from the Q and have to start all over. If their community server disconnects briefly (which happens a lot) you start over. Once you finally get in, you better pray there is a tank/healer, because these guys can't even program a simple dungeon finder and you often end up with 5 DPS, meaning you have to leave and sit in Q again. Even worse, DPS can Q as all classes but not actually have the gear, effectively wasting others time. They have no problem wasting our time, and don't care. There are about 8 dungeons which you will cycle through and get boring fast.-Also, you only get 10 keys a day, not even enough for 2 dungeons. After that, you pay 500 marks favor per chest.PvP:Non-existant, as mentioned under currency farming, people PvP solely for the Anima Shards, and there is only 1 map.Combat:Do you enjoy having 15 resource bits, with skills consuming 5/15 typically, meaning you sit there spamming default attack a lot? This was advertised as action based combat, but I get more action watching the microwave. Don't stand in stuff, and you are golden for the entire game as this has to be the ""Fisher-Price"" of my first MMO.--Edits:-Actions have a 1 sec global CD (makes the game feel really unresponsive and lacks ""action)-Spam clickers are punished by having their rotations ruined, as clicking a skill 2-3x Q's it up (option to disable this does not work) and therefore,  wasting huge resource counts and ruining the entire rotation flowInventory:You may not purchase additional bank tabs without Aurum (real cash currency, or bought from market using your precious marks favor). Inventory only reaches 45 slots too. Having more than 1 gear set + some stuff laying around is impossible.Pay 2 win?:Yes and no. Paying though can get you major bonuses, like weapons that sell for 600,000k marks of favor (equivalent of doing 60 days of dailys). You can get distillates that give you 75,000 item exp (equivalent of a week of farming at least for an average player. This is all luck based of course. Subscribers also get 8 hour cooldown on quests vs 3 days, which is ridiculous and essentially the only way to have fun doing content, as well as progress at reasonable rates.Maintenances:Do you enjoy maintenances everyday? This company will post maintenance for the next day again already just as it finishes its previous maintenance (Worst has been 1 every day, for 6 days in a row, 2-3 are not uncommon either sadly, and the game is not even in Beta, although it may as well be). Instead of delivering 1 weekly patch/maintenace that has been properly tested and bug free, they will have downtime for just minor fixes that could have waited or simply from being careless. Also, 2-3 hours of downtime for a hotfix less than 50MB? Blizzard, Square, and many other MMOs you know of can somehow do this in 15-30 minutes. Oh, and the maintenances are at times where it interferes with every timezone. Late mornings in NA, mid-late afternoon EU. Every other company knows to do it early in the night.Edited in piece - Bugs:Forgot this important piece. In dungeons during cutscenes the client may crash. If this happens you will end up booted (45 sec offline grace period only approx.) and receive a 30 minute debuff, preventing ANY Q's due to THEIR neglect to learn to program/fix things. No, there isn't an option to turn off cutscenes even, which mind you, get incredibly tiring when you have done the dungeon 50x.You will also get random crashes occuring during PvP or just playing, although these are solved with a simple login and no penalty.Conclusion:This company would like to go bankrupt clearly, they don't listen to their players or even play their own game. There is no possible way they can find doing this extremely limited content fun (but of course they gave themself free subscriptions, because they would quit in 1 week playing as non-subs). Help them achieve of their dream of bankruptcy by not supporting them until they listen to the players, and understand what made the Old Secret World, fun. This game should be re-named to Secret World Restricted, because of all the silly restrictions.*Edited for logical placement."
,Not Recommended,215280,32831887,Posted: 26 June,all,khornez,"The Secret World used to be great. Sure it had issues, and i would have loved to see some fixing here and there (animations, balance, lack of character creation options...) but now that they released this Legends thing, i'm afraid i can't recommend this game anymore.Animations are still sloppy, character creation is Worse (how do you downgrade your own character creator?) and the game mechanics have been made complex where they shouldn't, and simplified where they shouldn't as well. A shame, specially for all of us that used to love the game, since they not only rebooted all of our progress, it even reduced the minimum enjoyment you can get from doing it all over again.As it is right now, the fighting is limited and boring, there's less customization, the UI is a mess and tedious to use. Has this forced camera lock and auto-lock that's pretty annoying and crappy.. and so far i've seen they reduced all the mistery as much as they could so it's spoonfed to you."
,Recommended,215280,24384845,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ＲＥＶＥＮＡＮＴ,"Shortly after getting abducted by an old Asian guy, I was given a blow job that teleported me to a subway station full of zombies.11/10"
,Not Recommended,215280,35027116,Posted: 17 September,all,GL1TCH,"If you PAY for a certain game the company trhat makes said game should NOT be allowed to COMPLETELY change the game to allow themselves to charge more micrtransactions and also make it ""free"" for anyone who didn't pay for it in the first place. this is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197985570502,Recommended,215280,33780656,Posted: 24 July,all,Bludletter,"Great story, the devs put a lot of work into each quest, with immersive cutscenes if you are into that stuff. If not you can skip that stuff and just go for the loot and levels. The combat system is improved since the old secret world and better gear is more obtainable. Some people cry about pay to win, but the bought currency ""Aurum"" can be traded similar to GW2 and such, essentially anyone can obtain the Aurum, you can just progress a little faster if you drop some money into it and sell it for the normal game currency. There are quite a few people playing it already, despite the naysayers trying to keep the game down saying its dead. The only reason some might think that is because they currently have the zone dimensions capped at like 15, which hopefully they will expand a bit.There are plenty of options to choose from build wise as well as weapon options. 1 character can unlock everything if you work on it, and you can have the ability to jump between all 3 roles (tank, dps, and heals). I don't typically care for PVE heavy games but this one has certainly kept my interest with over 100 hr's already on the new Legends game outside of steam.They are working on more PvP stuff but currently there is just 1 mode that is like a 10 on 10 elimination match, fairly fun once you figure it out. This game is definitely worth a try, its free what could it hurt?"
76561198064825515,Recommended,215280,20985580,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,misfortunatescribe42,"Our wisdom flows so sweet. Taste and see.TRANSMIT- initiate steam sale signal - RECEIVE - initiate apocryphal game frequency - HURRY WHILE THE SALE LASTS - initiate positive feedback syntax - WITNESS - The Secret World Ultimate EditionHello sweetling, we see you. We see you looking at this game review. Your mind undecided on whether to commit to the purchase or not. Take your time, there is no need to rush, the sale will continue for a time and then leave only to return again at a later point. Like the flash of a firefly in the summer heat.You wonder, what does this game have to offer for you sweetling. Look above, there in lies the answer you seek. So many things to loosen your grip on your hard earned cash. What's more there is advice we can give, of places you can go to bond with others like yourself. To seek assistance with the things that go bump.Beware sweetling, this is not a battle of good vs evil, those are constructs of human design. No, the moral scope is far more gray than what you'd expect. You are not a paragon of heroics or the bringer of evil....you are merely a bee that is attempting to do what you can to hold Dark Days at bay....however....It's too late for everything is true and Dark Days are here. Good luck sweetling."
76561198053238150,Recommended,215280,26526055,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kramit,"I can dress like Indiana Jones and whip the f*** out of things. 10/10.In all seriousness, this is hands down the best MMO I've ever played, and ironically it doesn't feel like one. I've poured every hour I have into this game alone, without friends. It feels like a singleplayer game of massive proportions, with elements of multiplayer. The great thing about the game is that you can play in a variety of ways. Want to solo the entire main game? (Which I did) You can. Want to play through with a group of friends? You can.  The game isn't like any other MMO, your quests don't consist of ""track this enemy, kill 10 of these and then collect  these etc"". You solve actual, real problems in quests called ""Investigation Missions"". The game comes with a built-in web browesr for a reason! The game WILL make you think long and hard, as well as outside of the box. (One mission has you learn morse code!) It's an absolute blast and I can't imagine how much more fun (and easier) it would be to solve missions and hunt down clues with friends. However, there are also your typical combat-based missions as well. The game also covers a vast array of themes and atmospheres- you can go from fighting a zombie outbreak to trekking through a scorching desert. If you're a lore-aholic then you'll be in heaven, the game rewards players for having a watchful eye and putting two and two together. There are also many cultural allusions in the game, too many to count- Although a memorable one is a mission chain in issue 6 that's obviously inspired by Indiana Jones (No joke, you can get the outfit and whip, which is pretty useful!). Graphics wise this is a really good looking game, better than most if not all other MMOS- however I do play at 1440p with max settings. Some areas may look a bit worse than others, but the game holds up fantastic. I reccomend to use DX11 with this game, because there are some truly clever uses of it.Some people complain about the combat, and I didn't like it at first either- However, once I learned the fundamentals and played for a bit, I find it VERY enjoyable. There's a plethora of different weapons and abilities you can assign to your characters, perhaps the most I've seen in an MMO. There are dungeons and raids as well of course, but if you don't have friends (cough cough) it can be hard to find groups and complete them. This is a shame, because the few instances where I do find a group, it's such a blast to fight through the dungeons. The community is fairly small! I've been playing TSW for almost two years now, and always find myself coming back. The game does recieve updates and new content, however once you complete the main game you'll have to buy what's called ""Issues"" to further the story, which is basically end-game content. All in all, even if you don't like MMOS, I STRONGLY suggest you give this game a shot!TLDR; If your're looking for a good looking game to sustain your attention for a long time, and enjoy solving mysteries in a world that's oozing with lore- give this game a shot. It doesn't feel like a typical MMO!"
,Recommended,215280,23119818,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ElektroN,"I'll start by saying that so far, The Secret World is probably the best MMO that i've ever played.The storyline is solid, the missions are submersive and even the side missions tie into the main story somehow. It's one of these games where it feels worth doing every possible mission and exploring everything. Some of the missions are rather difficult and will require you to translate morse code, ancient hieroglyphics, binary and the like. There's no handholding involved here and will have you do some true detective work. You are given a In-Game browser to assist you in your investigation missions.The graphics engine works well with the game design and the music is very suiting to the Lovecraftian atmosphere you find yourself in. And as far as i have experienced, the community seems friendly and adult. I haven't run into many other players personally, but i think it suits the apocalyptic mood. It does have a good size player base so the wait for a group event or dungeon is never long.If you want to try out a MMO that is different and engaging? Then you should give this one a try!"
76561198124965595,Recommended,215280,22785625,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ayn,"*this review was originally written for The Secret World, the changes made in SW: Legends changed none of the aspects mentioned*Let me just start by saying that this is by far the best MMO I have ever played and that this game completely destroyed my life - if you have anything important to do, like a deadline coming up, don't get into it. Now, on to the pros and cons.Pros:+ Good graphics for an MMO+ Extremely immersive, it's got a great story.+ Great voiceovers.+ Well scripted, fully animated and detailed cutscenes for every mission (instead of just text and/or NPC voice that you normally see in online games).+ TONS of content.+ Your faction choice does not impact gameplay+ You can wield two weapons at once, making your setup really customizable+ You're not forced to choose a class, your role in group content only depends on what you have equipped, making characters really unique and flexible. You can do whatever you want, however you want, with whatever you want.+ Very enjoyable multiplayer, the community isn't very large, but everyone is extremely polite, mature, respectful and helpful. No-one is going to call you a noob or any other name if you mess up, and no-one is going to make kitchen-jokes if you play as a female character. I promise you. If you let people know you're new or having difficulties with something, you'll find that a lot of players are willing to give you the equipment they have extra and they don't need, help you set up your build, give you tips or just come and save your♥♥♥♥♥+ Missions are repeatable (with the exception of faction-leveling and some story missons).+ Grouping makes the mission is truly a collective effort, meaning that not every single player in the group has to go through the tasks (compared to some MMOs where it feels like playing single player game a few feet away from eachother).  You still have to stay close together in order for completing the tasks to count for everyone.+ Extensive DLC once you've finished the main game, and they're totally worth it.+ Amazing investigative quests and puzzles that really make you think and depend on your overall knowledge or make you do actual reasearch online.+ Tying in with the last +, the game has an in-game browser, so if you get stuck, you have a bug or you want to google for dungeon strategies, you can do it in-game.Cons:- The ""fast travel"" system Agartha is very inconvenient.- Many instances in the story mission are solo instances for no goddamn reason. Most of the content is playable in co-op (and is much more enjoyable that way), but there is no reason non-faction-specific missions should be solo player.  And yet they are.- In-game items and upgrades are ridiculously expensive to buy with respect to the currency you earn doing missions.Meh:+- Combat system is a little weird at first. However, once you get used to it, it's not bad, I've seen a lot worse.+- I'll stick to my point about the investigation missions being amazingly thought-out, however I do find that a lot of them are not completable without the help of a walkthrough. It's cool that they think of detail and challenge, but ask yourself this - how good is your Romanian? Knowledge of Egyptian mythology and American literature? Can you correctly find the Hebrew equivalent of an Arabic word? How are you with Morse and binary codes? What about hexadecimals? Good? Congratulations, you will be able to complete the challenges with your own head. Otherwise...It's still a great challenge to correctly identify the clues and do research.All 'n' all 11/10 would spend hours of my life on this game."
,Not Recommended,215280,33962534,Posted: 1 August,all,Daniel Valtameri,"As someone who really wants to hold on to this game (and still will), I'm going to give a temporary review, straight to the point based on what's actually here so far. I won't be comparing this to the original at all, so you're getting a review based on what it is as it stands. Unfortunately, as it stands, I don't recommend the game, as much as I really want to.TL;DR: The paywall and overall grind make this game more of a nuisance than enjoyable, ultimately. As it stands on August 1st, 2017, only play this if you're looking for an amazing story with cinematics.Let's list the pros and cons.PROS:- Amazing Story/Cinematics: The game has, in my opinion, the best story out of any MMORPG I've ever played. It takes place in a modern setting and every mission (aside from small, side ones) has a cutscene. They're well done for the most part, and the NPCs in the world, as well as the bosses, environments, and monsters, are fairly interesting.- Good Soundtrack: Personally a huge fan of the background music in this game, just from walking around or even in combat. It sounds wonderful and is really fitting for the style and atmosphere the game is going for, which is another plus....Unfortunately, these are the only concrete positives I can offer at the moment. What I list below are called ""cons"" but for clarification, they're opinions that either the majority agreed upon or are heavily debated in the community. I'll state my own opinion with each, but give the objective truth about what each thing is along with it.CONS:- MASSIVE Paygating/Paywalling: This is one of the majority-agreed opinions, so much so that it may as well be considered absolute fact. I'd argue that it is, but you can decide for yourself with the below information.There are 3 main types of currency - Aurum (Premium), Marks of Favor, and Anima Shards. Aurum is either bought directly with money, or is earned by trading Marks of Favor and vice-versa. Marks of Favor are earned by doing daily rewards (maximum of 10k MoF rewards per day for F2P players) or selling items on the marketplace. While you can theoretically earn as many MoF as you want a day, most items you'd be selling in the marketplace are typically worth anywhere from 100 to 700 MoF. Sounds good, right?Unfortunately, not really. Cosmetics cost anywhere from 5k MoF to over 500 in Aurum. One piece of clothing of one color type is half a day's rewards already - and sure, for cosmetics, it's whatever, but upgrading gear from one tier to the next costs MoF, upgrading your sprint costs MoF (and then eventually Aurum), buying better items costs MoF, buying more keys for Dungeons, Raids, or Scenarios costs MoF.. So much common items, utilities and upgrades cost MoF that the daily rewards, even WITH being able to sell items, just won't cut it late-game as it stands. You can get tons of MoF, surely - if you buy Aurum and trade that for a good amount. The trading between Aurum and MoF is an okay addition, but just to get 150 Aurum (enough to open ONE cache, which is a drop that gives random items - usually distillates more than anything) it costs roughly around 21k MoF - Over two days worth of just grinding the daily reward and then some. This is for enough Aurum to open ONE thing to get random loot that is geared towards simply upgrading your gear, that's about it. You can get lucky, but it's not often as many have experienced. The caches giving mostly this wouldn't be as bad of problem if gear wasn't so hard to level up without insane grinding, I suppose, which is another major con.- THE GRIND: As it stands, the grind is ridiculous. Early on it's fairly easy - green (standard) gear can be leveled up 20 times. You get 2.5 times the XP for fusing items of the same kind together, so this tier goes by fast. You get about 100 xp per regular, non-matching green item, and an occasional boost sometimes when you upgrade.This slows down tremendously starting with the blue (Superior) tier, especially if you're a casual player, and even if you're a semi-hardcore player that's F2P. Blues can be leveled 25 times, and your greens aren't worth as much here. It would be more efficient to fuse blues together, but again - not easy. You either buy blues for MoF on the auction house or get lucky in a cache, or fuse ANOTHER green to blue level. A huge reason this is a problem is because from EVERY mission in EVERY zone, and in story/early Elite dungeons, you ONLY get green gear. That's it. Nothing higher than maybe a 3-pip green at any given point from anywhere, which doesn't even change the value of the item unless you're selling on the Auction House. This makes it very hard to start leveling your gear properly and efficiently, unless you shill out your MoF for gear to fuse, or get really lucky, or spend a pretty dumb amount of time fusing lower gear together to level up maybe half or one level on your blue weapon as is. It's a huge time-sink, countered only by paying or getting lucky, ultimately.Fusing from one tier to another costs MoF, but it's one of the few costs I think is perfectly fair - I believe 1k MoF for a tier upgrade. To level every item on you 1 tier, that's about 9k MoF - For a pretty good power spike, I think that's fair. I can't speak for anything past Epic (Purple), as I haven't been able to grind enough to get there.- COMBAT: This is actually a change I personally enjoyed. It's a reticle-based combat system, instead of tab-targetting. You're given 6 active ability slots and 6 passive slots, and you're also able to buy global passives, permanent stats for your character that stay regardless of weapon type or gear. Each weapon has 15 energy - some abilities spend 3 of these, and some spend 5. I believe there may be some in-between, but most energy-spending abilities cost one or the other. Each weapon has two basic abilities, however you can only equip one at a time ever, and they're required. SP gain (Passive Points) is high, AP gain (Ability Point) is incredibly low. This means you'll be unlocking a lot of passives, and not a lot of abilities. You can earn enough AP up to level 50 to unlock every ability for 2 weapons, but considering there are 9, this means the rest will be a pretty huge grind, which ties into the grinding complaint.In my opinion, I find the combat itself to be more enjoyable than in the original. This is a coin flip for players, it seems - check out some footage yourself for further information and demonstration and decide what you think of it.CONCLUSION:There would honestly be way more points here, but I condensed them into 3 major categories - Paywall, Grinding, and Combat. This is all from personal experience of the new game, from playing in closed beta all the way to now. I may have missed some key information, and if any information here is not correct feel free to inform me.I really love this game and its concept - I love the story, the atmosphere, and the NPCs. I love the modern day setting, I love the horror twists, and I love the areas and their layouts. But core aspects of the game when transferred to Free-To-Play have been altered in such a way that, at least as it stands on August 1st, 2017, I cannot recommend it to you.If you don't care about the cons I listed, then you should totally play for the story and the cinematics. It's amazing. But the rest is a big turn off for me and many others - I'll continue playing, but I won't change this review until there are updates that bring some Quality of Life improvements to this title."
76561197995630548,Not Recommended,215280,34833430,Posted: 9 September,all,DarkMoonrise,"It’s really complicated to give a review to this game. I’ll use a metaphor to try to explain to you what this game looks like.Let’s say Bob and Patrick go to a restaurant and both order a steak. They wait a little bit and here it goes, they get their plates with a steak on it and a fork to eat it.Bob never went to a restaurant before. He got a steak, it was juicy, the cocking was good but a fork alone to eat it was a little bit tricky but yeah, he enjoyed himself and is happy with it.Patrick on the other hand already ordered a steak in a restaurant and he knows that, first, a knife would be helpful, second, when you order a steak, you don’t only get a steak but potatoes with it, third, the fork tend to bend when he uses it and, fourth the burr mill for the salt is really hard to use and demand a lot of effort. So, he begins to complain but the owner says to him that the fork will be fixed eventually, the knife is not available anymore, the potatoes will follow for free but he had to wait for them and he can pay a lot for already grounded salt or a little to get some oil to lubricate the mill.Then Patrick looks at the nearby table and sees that Sandy is enjoying a good steak with potatoes, a bendy fork and a knife and she does'nt struggle with the salt but, instead she struggles with the pepper. So, Patrick asks the owner why Sandy has all of those. The owner says that he could get that too but if he chooses this option, his fork will never be fixed and he will never have a dessert, even if it was promised years ago.And last, Patrick says the owner that he has a fidelity card but the owner stops him right away and tell him that those are not valid anymore.Now the analogies, the steak is the story of the Secret World Legends (SWL) and The Secret World (TSW). The fork is SWL’s gameplay and fork + knife is TSW’s gameplay. The bending are the bugs in both games. The potatoes are all the DLC. Salt is the grind for better stuff in SWL and pepper is grind of aegis in TSW, they are the same but for some reason, people are complaining about one and not the other. The buyable salt is the cash shop, the oil is the patron subscription. The fidelity card represents the old TSW character. And finally, the dessert is the season two of SWL. Bob and Patrick are playing SWL and Sandy is playing TSW. Bob never played TSW but Patrick did.Patrick is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because he knows everything he lost by being forced to play SWL to get the desert and doesn’t understand why the menu has been spoil to add the desert to the menu. The dessert could have been added without spoiling the menu like the owner promised him years ago. Bob is pleased because it’s a brand new cool story for him, he doesn’t know that knifes exist and he get a dessert for free. Both can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the price of the grounded salt and oil. There are some pleased Patrick out there too.So yeah, I’m a TSW Veteran and I’m definitively a Patrick. So, my advice is: play for the story, don’t give Funcom money and wait for season 2.TLDR: This game is failure not because of what it is but because of what it could have been."
76561197975213309,Not Recommended,215280,34003433,Posted: 3 August,all,I successfully killed a skeever.,"Bottom line: Did you play the original?If no, The Secret World is a distinct MMO that is worth a look for the story and crazy Cthulhu monsters alone. If yes, disappointing having enjoyed the original so much.In the original game, your ability to create endless combinations of skills was one of the single best aspects - there were no ""classes"" as such, you built what you wanted or needed. No other game I've tried had anything even close, except perhaps Eve.They have moved towards a more linear model, which retains some of the old advantages, but feels significantly more limited.The payment model is coming in for a lot of criticism, and rightly so. It wouldn't be quite such a big deal that ""patrons"" receive extra active and passive ability points, but as it is they have more of the flexibility that made the original so enlivening. Being constantly fed ""caches"" you have to pay to open doesn't really add much to gameplay either.It's still fairly buggy, but some of that will hopefully be ironed out. Lag is much better over classic as well.I do hope they iron out the bugs, and when the ""new"" content hits, that it's worth the wait. TSW is a game worth giving a second and even third chance."
76561197970553749,Recommended,215280,33936482,Posted: 31 July,all,Scorpion,"I liked The Secret World, but I like SWL even better.  They cleaned up the storyline a bit and I enjoy the combat a lot more.  They only downside is that there appears to be less character customization with the passives.  Overall a net positive though.  I hope this game gets renewed interest because it is a underated and underplayed game with an interesting story and lots of great voice acting and world details.  Plus a welcome switch from the fantasy-based MMOs."
,Recommended,215280,12824598,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lord Ichthys,"Absolutely fantastic.  Hands down the best MMO I've ever played.  It keeps getting better with smaller ""stories"" DLC and larger ""issues"" reminiscent of expansions.  Highly recommended for anyone who finds conspiracy, para/supernormal ideas, and the unknown beyond even the smallest bit interesting."
,Recommended,215280,12930782,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Paus Franciscus,"Very immersive mmorpg.It's the only game in the genre so far that was as unique as it claimed to be.This game can be enjoyed either solo or in group, the quests are fun, the dungeons are fun and the investigation missions are something I've never seen before. These missions take up a huge amount of time when doing them without a guide, but they are so rewarding once completed. This game is definiately worth the try."
,Recommended,215280,8601712,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,WonderlandAlli,"Fun, takes a little getting used to. Many areas are genuinely creepy. Interesting ""leveling"" system, its gear/ability based not leveling up. Capping would be getting all the decks filled out and getting top gear items. Well written, cool characters, good player base especially for RP."
,Not Recommended,215280,33013006,Posted: 29 June,all,Doctor Boozehound,"The secret world game itself has always been a fun and interesting one. After awhile it can draw you in. The company behind it however is full of scammers and bad business practices. I had a patron payment go through and they recieved my money but did not get the status. I contacted the bank who verified the payment had gone through and Funcom had my money. I contact their customer service and was given canned responses and told they couldn't help and would have to get back to me. (no time frame given) The bank was actually demanding a phone number so they could talk to the merchant as this was basically fraud, I still got canned responses even under the threat of legal action from the bank. It ended with more canned responses and the agent ending the ticket and walking off with my money.  I love this game but their business practices show why they are nick named Fail com. don't spend a dime on this company. I can provide transcripts if people don't believe me."
,Not Recommended,215280,9143396,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Keyrock,"First off, I'm giving this game a thumbs down because I am unable to give it a thumbs sideways.  I'm really torn on the game as there are elements that I love and elements that I loathe with a passion.  However, the negative elements are so mind numbingly bad that I cannot reccomend the game.Let's start off with the good.  The setting:  The Secret World takes place in the contemporary real world, except all the crackpot conspiracy theory crackpot secret society stuff actually exists.  Add to that a generous helping of Cthulhu Mythos, and you have a wonderful, interesting setting that's a very welcome break from the awfully worn out standard Tolkien-esque fantasy setting.  The Secret World also features terrific writing and great voice acting, on par with, or even exceeding, many single player games, never mind just MMOs.  It;s all rally interesting and really well done.Also, while the game has its share of standard FedEx and Kill X monsters quests, at least they are dressed up quite well with interesting backstory and delivery.  Plus the game features some cool investigation missions where you are not guided by map markers clobbering you in the face or the game holing your hand and walking you through the steps.  Instead you need to do research, reading lore, looking up figures, checking history of places, and figure out what to do and where to go on your own. (Figuring stuff out on your own, imagine that!)So this all sounds great and it could, and should, be a fantastic game, right?  Well then how come I gave it a thumbs down, then?  Sadly this game features some of the worst mechanics I have ever encountered in my some 30 years of gaming.  I am searching for a word to adequately express just how bad the mechanics are...  I guess ""atrocious"" is the best I can come up with, but I'm not sure it;s strong enough.  I cannot wrap my head around how a game was possibly made with mechanics this awful and how it made it past playtesting.  I can only guess that the person who designed the mechanics had severe brain damage and that Funcom has no playtesting whatsoever.  The combat is awful and boring, and is further marred by controls so poor and unintuitive that it makes combat maneuvering an exercise in frustration.  With enough practice you can sort of get the hang of the controls, but they will never be good or even adequate with any amount of practice.  They are just that abysmal.It's a testament to how great the writing and setting is that I continue to play this game.  The story and writing keep me going.  I cannot reccomend the game, however, with a clear conscience, because the mechanics are just so unbelievably bad."
,Recommended,215280,7790481,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Eluros,"IntroductionI purchased The Secret World (TSW) in 2012 when it went buy-to-play, and have been extremely impressed by it ever since. This is a game I strongly encourage you to play!Disclosures/About MeI've been an RPG fan ever since around 1994, when I received my first Final Fantasy game on the SNES (followed by Chrono Trigger). I've been interested in MMOs primarily for their story and gameplay components. I have a lifetime subscription to LOTRO and was active on there for 5 years. I've played bunches of other MMOS, as well. Of all of them I've played, I can say that this is the one worth getting behind.ValueFrom a value perspective, this is a great buy. The actual games comes with tons and tons of content-- I'm ~109 hours in as of writing this review and haven't even gotten to the content not covered in the base game. The item market sells cosmetics (which you can also easily get in-game) and sell story content. This is great! As consumers, we're not being bombarded to buy meaningless junk (a la Neverwinter and, eventually, LOTRO). If there's content restrictions from the item store, it's on actual story content, and it's well worth the purchase. The developers are rewarded for creating great story content (not system unlocks or gameplay advantages), and us consumers reap the benefit.GameplayTSW is a nice blend of traditional MMORPGss and newer, AMMORPGS (action MMORPGs). There's dodging, but it's very straightforward and doesn't require ridiculous motor skills. The ability to play with crosshairs is a lot of fun. The gameplay is fluid and fast, and is very hard. This is a challenging game-- you won't get bored, but you also won't get frustrated.SystemsThere aren't many systems, but the ones that are there are great. Think of your skills like cards in Magic: The Gathering. You want to build a ""deck"" that is as powerful as possible. There is no respect cost, and a single character can unlock every skill in the game (no classes, although you will probably end up playing the ""pseudo-class"" you want based on the skills you like). More like the Elder Scrolls than any other MMO I've played. Plus, each skill (there are 588, according to a source online!) can be ""augmented"" to change its effects. We're talking a ridiculous amount of customization, optimization, and progression. It's awesome. :-)Warning, though: the amount of depth and intricacy in the systems means it will take a long, LONG time to learn. That's okay. I'm still learning things, myself. You can't permanently mess yourself up, though (since you can unlock everything on a single character), and learning while you go is a part of the idea of the Secret World!StoryThis is not a game that you should play for the main story, although it is good. Rather, the stories of the world are amazing, from Stephen King-- sorry, ""Sam Krieg"" to HP Lovecraft-- sorry again, ""Hayden Montag"". This is a living, breathing universe, and the sidequests are really the main attraction. If you're looking to power through, skip this game. If you want to be a part of something awesome and really dig into the implications, with full voice acting and lots of strings to connect, this is a great game!GroupingI have no idea. Sorry. I'm playing this like a single player RPG, and it's a great game for it. No need to group at all, from my ~109 hours in. I do not know if there is much group content, and if it is good.Closing thoughtsIf you're looking for an excellent RPG to invest your time in, carve out your niche, and experience a great story, this is where you should be. Highly recommended!"
76561197997867581,Recommended,215280,22503593,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Mark,"Playing this game for quite a while now. Must say, I love this game. I always keep coming back to this game.There are three factions. Though the story stays the same and the results won't really change, it's fun to see the story from a different faction's perspective. The story is amazing, it's very emersive and engaging. It's uses real myths and urban legends to fuel the story. It's good, play it.If you like bees and want to feel special, go play it.If you like to get dirty and love filth, go play it.If you like Ankh, clothing, werewolves, evil Tony Stark Tech, bad people, vampires, classless progression, cool story arcs, interesting plot twist or maybe bees? Go play this game.If none of the above appeal to you, go play this game. It's still good.Pro's:- Amazing storytelling- Myths and urban legends- Classless system (515 abilities)- Be what you need to be at any place and any time- Make amazing roles (Need to tank?? go dpstank, leechtank, mitigation tank, bufftank or healtank)- Clothing is not based on gear- Bees- Giant birds that try to kill you- Everything else also tries to kill youCon's:- Endgame can get boring if you don't play with friends- Sometimes a little grindy- No Tilty or Bob boss- Not enough beesAnyway, go play it."
,Recommended,215280,25526625,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,fearless leader,"This is for the original The Secret World, not Secret World Legends. As of April 19, 2017, I have not yet played Secret World Legends, but based on the original game, the published information about the new game, and the company that owns The Secret World, Funcom, it is highly likely this review will still be accurate, for me.If you do not want to hear about the special experience of another player then skip this review. I'm saying that because, personally, I prefer to have my own immersion and discoveries. It's important, to me, to play the game the way the designers meant it to be played, ergo it isn't fun for me to hear about solutions to the quests or how cool some event happened before I see the event myself.SELF CENTERED REVIEW FOLLOWS:I've never seen such a game, even a single-play game. The quests are unique and roughly fall into the catagories: combat; stealth; puzzle. I find that I thinking about the game while I'm doing something else and the puzzles are frequently the last thing I think about before falling asleep.Attention to detail is high everywhere. One thing you'll notice early on is the lack of duplicate scenery. For example, duplicate trees or buildings or rocks or fences or boats are unlikely.I'll add some things about dialog later.It's bewildering to me that this game even exists. The design team should publish a paper on their creative-side business management tactics.Recommended."
,Recommended,215280,25563444,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Blackfall,"*UPDATE*I tried the changes, I can understand the frustrations, but it is misplaced.They made this game more action-friendly, like Neverwinter with better story and customization.The changes are good ones.  Especially if you've never played before, or didn't like it the first time.I lost around 1300 FC because I didn't get transferred in time, and I still can't even be mad because the changes are good.The starter classes are locked in.  It's true.  The customization is still there after you start, though, so just pick one and suck it up.  It's there to help new players, and to be honest, they are obviously some of the better combinations.In short, you need to try it now more than ever.  Even if you just play it solo for the story and gratuitous voiced cutscenes.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm going to preface this by saying, that I hate questing.  I enjoy mindlessly zerging dungeon content.I spent 40 hours QUESTING in the FIRST zone with 2 different characters, because I wanted to try a different build...story is AMAZING.  I can't wait to see what endgame content is like, but even if it sucks, the several hundred hours i'll spend playing through the other story content by myself is worth it."
76561198028570908,Recommended,215280,26276086,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nicol Ballin',"If you're even remotely interested in getting this game for the story, do it. Any interest in Lovecraft, spooky things in general, the what-ifs of the world? Grab it for 70% off RIGHT NOW.  It is an mmo, and the combat can be a turn off at times, but the story is way too good to ignore for such a price.P.S. Roll Illuminauti as your first character, no regrets. I promise."
,Recommended,215280,14930359,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,King Aria,"Finally an adult MMO that I can enjoy. Nothing is spoonfed to you as TSW constantly requires you to think. There are tidbits of puzzles and many of the tedious quests can be challenging as you will need to find clues/hints to progress (which are not indicated with highlighted items). Some of the mobs are challenging too as they have a specific pattern you have to adapt to (think boss fights in those oldschool Asian fighting games).Some quests even require you to Google answers to puzzles. The lore is a bit jumbled up as everything is mashed up together. You'll get zombies, mages, secret societies, guns and swords in the same game. There aren't necessarily any Sci-Fi lore in the game though (ie. no aliens/technology).The community is still bustling after a couple years which is a great sign. I had expected this game to be dead but it's far from it. I'm sure it'll keep going for at least a decade.I rate this game a solid 8/10. It's extremely enjoyable and refreshing but there are some bugs/kinks that need to be worked out. Some better aesthetic options would be nice (like being able to modify what my facial structure looks like)."
76561198014939917,Recommended,215280,23809674,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Altearia,"Easily the Best Questing and Lore of any MMO to date, all of it is extremely well written and thought out. Dungeons are well done; and character customization is fairly extensive and unique.The only Major Complaint I ever had with the game is that when you reach the post-updates end-game you slam into an extra wall of grind that is very tedious.This game is still worth it's price twice over to just to play through the quests and see the Lore; it really puts into perspective what an MMO can be when the developers actually put the time in on the small details."
76561198020262009,Not Recommended,215280,34076799,Posted: 7 August,all,Forestt,"Note: I'm a TSW veteran with about 3k hours combined in both versions. Since it's offcially the same game (Legends is version 2.0 and seen as a major update) I'm comparing the two versions and see if the Legends version is an improvement or not. Down- and upvoting is easy and is happening both ways. I encourage players to comment instead so they can make a point and/or correct me if needed.Story:First: the best thing about Legends is ofcourse getting to experience the story for free, including future content. It is perfectly doable and enjoyable in Legends without having to spent money. The story always was the best thing about the game. Many recent positive reviews are therefore from new players praising the story and setting. Some not realising that this is basically just a copy of The Secret World 2012 version. Most vets will say that the story still stands, maybe even better because it is more streamlined. Though, F2P mechanics and the easiness might break some of the immersion, especially if compared to TSW.Combat:An improvement can be the combat, although a lot will disagree and dislike this even more. It basically is the same idea but it feels somewhat different. Playing with a controller might help if you dislike the default settings. Forced reticle-system is not for everyone.Endgame Progression:They removed progressioncap. You can upgrade your gear without a weekly cap. Especially a great deal for people that easily can pay for progression. Ofcourse they already are shining in their Mythic gear now. Obviously it's not a good thing for the 'normal' player that can't keep up without spending money.I can't see any other improvement in Legends comparing it with the 2012 version for any kind of player;- It's less challenging, it's very easy and you are outlevelling monsters fast while doing all the missions just once. Once capped a level 50, monsters will eventually catch up and make it more difficult. This will be happening in Transylvania so you are then almost at the end of the story currently in game.- No loot. Mobs aren't dropping any loot other than a lockbox. It does not feel rewarding. Especially in RPGs we do like and expect  to see some loot!- Lockboxes are the loot in dungeons now. Yes, you will be short of keys if you enjoy doing dungeons.- The (endgame)grind is worse. Upgrading Aegis in TSW is now childsplay compared to levelling up the highest 2 tiers of gear in Legends (without grabbing your wallet)- Aurum paywalls adds another layer of grind we did not see in TSW, blocking inventory and sprintlevels.- Monetization is not great and marketbots already taking over.- PvP is gone (Shambala is PvP-ish but practically just a minigame)Too bad they just couldn't continue with TSW and made the basegame f2p for example to try to get more people in. Maybe that would have worked for a while. Vets would be more happy and newcomers practically would have gotten the same (story)content as they get now.Conclusions:- Highly recommended for new players so they can experience the story.- A returning player might see some limitations because of the F2P system. But combat might be an improvement and the game is easier. So please, try it again if combat or difficulty was one of the reasons you quit.- A veteran player will soon see that endgame is worse than before. This together with a more restricted system (F2P) might break the game fast. If you are someone that like to do the most diffcult groupcontent then you might have to grab your wallet to join people that are paying for progression. This is maybe more a problem in a few weeks when the gap becomes wider.Since I'm a veteran player, seeing a lot more restrictions and less overall immersion in the Legend version, I'm giving a negative vote."
76561198005734380,Recommended,215280,33043541,Posted: 30 June,all,Chainers,"If I were to say one thing about the change from The Secret World to Secret World Legends, it is streamlined.You get the same great story of the original game, without the complex structure of leveling up/skills.  While everything has its good and its bad, I think overall the game has made plenty of improvements to the combat system.That being said, it is a F2P game, and the game will want money for some QoL features, like increased bank storage, etc.  If you can't handle that, it may not be the game for you, but I highly recommend you give it a shot."
76561198124828411,Recommended,215280,15671861,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,BloodyKharma,10/10 This game actually gave me a reason to open a Bible.
76561198147159717,Recommended,215280,24192098,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,LunaSanat,"Let me be straight i have many hours in almost all popular, semi-popular MMORPGs out there.All them published since 1999 as well as many RPGs.The Secret World is...Its one of a kind.It's a hidden gem.So whats a MMORPG? Its generally and basically large maps with RPG elements where many people play cooperatively (well..most of them and many of them )For me,The Secret World is an awesome single player RPG.Its a precious adventure game. So beautiful that many quests and missions can beat the very best RPG games or adventure games out there.Its a very well done cooperative game and a very tactical one.Its a beautiful massively multiplayer online game with many genres combined.Play as you like.Its a game where you dont have to grind many meaningless hours and be effective.Its both a cup of coffee and a big feast that you can enjoy with others.Its....the RPG game for me.And it should be for you too.P . S : The combat is something you should get used to and love. Can feel clunky at first but beats many tab-targeted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t out there.The price/performance ratio is so epic that you feel the comfort and content feeling when you get it on sales.AND! dont let yourself sink into walkthroughs online.It's at its best if you make yourself solve all the puzzles and missions."
,Recommended,215280,22998618,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,[BritYank] Tom,"Incredibly interesting MMO. The start of the game is a bit rushed, and the engine feels like it could use a bit more optimisation at times. However, the atmosphere of this game is impeccable. The setting, the ambience and music make it all feel creepy and compelling. At times it reminds me of Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines.The puzzles are also incredibly interesting, often making you look up bible passages, or classical composers.Great game with a load of content."
76561198050082323,Recommended,215280,24433674,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Anastriel,"I'm not much of a fan of MMO's, while I like the co-op aspect, I find they tend to be too much grind, and not enough story. The Secret World is something else though. The setting is unique and intriguing, full of mystery. Main quests have fantastic cut scenes which bring the world to life. My favourite type of quests are the puzzle quests. They can be difficult to solve and frustrating at times but you get such a sense of achievement when you figure them out. I love that you have to actually investigate, looking up bible quotes, mythology, morse code etc."
,Not Recommended,215280,34093275,Posted: 7 August,all,a_wolf,"What ? Why?...What?I don't get it. I mean, yea, I get it, they want to abandon development and maintenance yet continue collecting money. But to actually do this to what was one of the most unique and interesting gaming experiences   let alone mmo's out there. Such a massive shame. Legends is a grotesque butchering that completely disrespects what once was"
,Recommended,215280,25911534,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,OddGoggles,"They just took my good review of the old game and put it up on the new one, seems like a supervillain move Funcom. Haven't played much of the free to play version yet so can't really review it yet.The review of the old pay to play version:Ever since the succes of World Of Warcraft every game in the MMO genre has tried to copy it's fantasy style.The Secret World is the original thing the genre needed.To put it simple,If you are a fan of games like Bloodbore, Resident Evil and Devil May Cry...if you like movies like Van Helsing and Underworld...Or you like TV shows like SupernaturalThis game is the MMO for you. It mixes the supernatural genre with light horror and really draws the player in.The gaphics are simple but pretty.When you fight it actually feels like you are the one doing the fighting, and not just commanding it.The game give you these open area's where you can ignore your main questline and explore and go sidequesting.And clothes you wear don't affect stats. So you can fully decide how you look.Only negative I can think of is that there is no above character chat text. Making you have to check the chatwindow a lot."
,Recommended,215280,2837939,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,lmp,"Best MMO I've played to date. No levels, not grindy at all. The quests dont seem like the atypical ""go here, kill x amount of x."" The quality of the cutscenes/voice acting/plot make it feel more along the lines of a single player rpg-esque game. It's absolutely amazing and I could go on forever talking about it. I stream it sometimes if you're interested. Arcadia Server btw ;)"
,Recommended,215280,3251638,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,FrigidFury,"""Best money i've spent on a game since Morrowind""This game is unique to itself like no other mmo to date. The ""Leveling"" system is interesting, allowing every character the ability to acheive every role in time.There is no ""Pay to win"" play is free after after initial purchase, with option to subscribe. However, subsribing does not give you ""pay to win"" features or OP items.The cosmetic variety is increadible, rarely do you see two people who look the same.All said and done... this game rocks, dont miss out on it!!!"
,Not Recommended,215280,32992307,Posted: 29 June,all,BearsGoRawr,"The Secret World is a decent MMORPG with an amazing story and atmosphere.  The Secret World Legends is the same game but with an aggressive F2P paywall, clunky combat, unrewarding experience, and an amazing story and atmosphere.  Play the original but steer clear of SWL."
,Recommended,215280,28330968,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dewlap,"This happens to be the only mmo I’ve played where I’m not screaming into a pillow while I mindlessly grind terribly boring quests (yes, better than SWTOR), in fact I love questing in this game. You’ll want to take your time leveling up and exploring areas, the game actually encourages this by limiting how many missions you can do at one time; one main mission and three side missions. If you’re a chronic min-maxer and feel youmustrace through the leveling as if your life depends on it, there’s nothing stopping you I suppose but you’re missing out on what TSW does best and that’s story, lore and unique characters.As a returning player who hasn’t played endgame content from issue 12, I can’t comment too much on it. Despising the aegis system myself, I might be a little biased since all content from issue 9 uses it. Community is small but great. While questing you probably won't run into a lot of people, bonus in my books really.TL;DR: If you want an incredibly immersive experience filled with lore and fantastic stories then try this game.Edit: Looking at their steam store page, you'll see they've only listed the collectors edition for some issues which are priced around $30 (cheeky). The standard version of Issues can be bought through the TSW store for roughly $10 (1200 funcom points), so fear not, it's not as insanely expensive as it looks."
76561198047793806,Not Recommended,215280,34812833,Posted: 8 September,all,runx0,"The Secret World Legends is a ""reboot"" of the Secret World, a game that was pretty good for an MMO rpg, even though the updates to the game were released only so often.Secret World Legends is basically the same game after the reboot, but does nothing better on any front. In fact, it does a lot of things worse than the original making it strictly worse than the original. Yes, I am talking about the abilities, passives and the combat in general. No update to the graphics or sounds or to the music was made, even the engine is the same old and problematic dreamworld that came with the original game. The game is simply gimped/dumbed down from the original version.Of course since it is ""free to play"" it has micro transactions and as usual with The Secret World, the progression of the player is intentionally slowed down by a lot. This was already a problem in the original TSW so nothing is new, except the fact that you can use real money to circumvent the slow pace and ""boost"" yourself up to the speed. On top of this, of course the veterans who had grinded the original game for years also got nothing from their grind and their characters were basically reseted having to start the work done in all those years they played from the scratch.Want to get back to your former glory? Nope, you will not, not fast at least, unless you give us even more money than you used (I should use wasted here to be honest) in the past.Anyway in the end, if you are a new player and want to give this a try, go for it as it is free to play. Just don't give them any money because you never know what might happen in the future. If you are a veteran then stay away at all costs, unless you really like the game for some reason even in it's dumbed down state."
76561198018768232,Not Recommended,215280,35402214,Posted: 1 October,all,Lupin III,"Make no mistake about it, the real reason this game died the first time is because Funcom only expanded the game by about 25% over the course of five years.  Even after that new content was added, the game really only has about a month worth of content to experience, even for a casual player.  Don't get me wrong, it's great content... the story is fantastic, with great missions that go far beyond the menial tasks that pass for quests in most MMOs.  How will the game die this time around?  Read on and find out.However, where the relaunch really dooms this game is in the new equipment system.  You won't notice it at first, but once you get about half way through the content your progress grinds to a halt.  Equipment progress is based on an exponentially increasing grind, where you can quickly upgrade an item from the starting green quality to blue quality, you do this by feeding your equipment other equipment, combining them together to add experience to your items.  Once you've gotten a green item to level 20, which takes about 40 other items, you have to fuse that item together with another green level 20 item of the same type, and this creates a blue level 1 item.  Now you have to repeat the previous process, leveling your blue item up to level 25, and then fusing it with another level 25 blue item of the same type... of course, the blue item requires significantly more experience, meaning you have to feed it significantly more items.So now you've gotten your two level 25 blue items, you fuse them together and get a purple item... now the REAL grind begins.  At this point, you're going to have to level two purple items of the same type to level 30... but now it's going to take you hundreds of items just to level up one of them.  But wait!  You're not even half way through the item's progress at this point... you've got two more quality levels to go!  All of these levels also cost shards, and shards are the currency you get, in very limited numbers, as mission rewards and from selling items to vendors (at 250 to 500 shards each).Let's break down exactly what you need to fully level up a single item at red quality.2 level 35 orange items of the same type, with a total of 350,000 experience each, and 28,000 shards each4 level 30 purple items of the same type, with a total of 75,000 experience each, and 18,000 shards each8 level 25 blue items of the same type, with a total of 12,500 experience each, and 10,000 shards each16 level 20 green items of the same type, with a total of 4000 experience each, and 4000 shards eachThe red item will have a max level of 70, requiring 250,000 experience per level... 17,500,000 experience total, plus 1000 shards per level.  You may ask, ""but how much experience do you get per item that you feed to your equipment?""  Well, the answer to that is... 200 to 400 experience.  To fully level up a single item, you're going to have to feed it approximately 170,000 items.  Yes.  One hundred and seventy thousand.This is a process that you will repeat for two weapons and seven talismans.  There are also signets and glyphs that are inserted into those items, and signets and glyphs go through the exact same gear grind that your equipment does, feeding other signets and glyphs into them to level those up.There are some items called distallates, which are basically just item experience that you can inject directly into the item without a cost in shards... these generally have about the same experience value of a few items, however, they do not stack in your inventory, and your inventory slots are severely limited, so hording them isn't really an option.  In reality, this doesn't really speed up the process in the grand scheme of things.They're expecting you to put years of work into a game with a month of content.  It's also largely unnecessary, there is absolutely no point in playing the game beyond experiencing the story a single time.  Even so, they decided to add 10 difficulty levels to the limited amount of group content, with higher levels being locked behind a number... that number is your item power (the combined level and quality of your items).  As your item power increases, you also get locked out of lower difficulty levels... the result of all this is a segregated player base in which group finder queues can become multiple hours of waiting for enough people of your item level to be around.  As the player base drops in number, which is already happening rapidly, we're going to end up with a game where even the few people that are online won't be able to group together... it is designed to kill the game.This is a grind that would make the stingiest Korean MMO blush with shame... it's as oppressive as it gets.  I can only recommend this game for people to play through once, experience the story, but skip the grind... it's just not worth it and there is no big payoff at the end.  Don't expect any meaningful amount of new content to be added to the game either... the development team is smaller than most independent studios, and they are currently just stringing the player base along by slowly releasing content that existed in The Secred World years ago.Bottom line, this relaunch is a short term cash grab before the game goes back into maintenance mode and dies for good."
,Not Recommended,215280,34727167,Posted: 3 September,all,Junebug,"I fell in love with The Secret World a few months before the changeover to SWL and even in that short amount of time it managed to hook me. The way it discarded a lot of MMO conventions, the skill system was my favorite I'd ever seen in an MMO, collecting outfits and dressing up was fun and inviting, and the community was vibrant and kind and always willing to call out bigotry and hate.But now? The skill system has been dumbed down as to lack any depth, and what depth there is to it is locked away as limited daily dungeon loot instead of skills you could progressively unlock in any order you wanted. Even the simplest clothing items cost several days worth of grinding money instead of a quest and a few monsther kills' worth. The community is notably more toxic. And even small things make the game unsatisfying, such as the removal of almost all unique faction based content such as PVP, and the fact that damage from abilities is applied to your target as soon as you hit the button, causing monsters to drop dead before your character even launches their attacks. And now, even a few months after release, the economy is starting to see inflation in its real world currency to game currency exchange. And that's not even broaching how cagey funcom has been in the recent past about everything. And what's worse is that their attempts to make the game more accessible have done nothing to curb the amount of confused questions in general and help chat.I was so hopeful for this relaunch to bring in new blood to the game, to make it even more vibrant, but instead it's killed everything i liked about it in the first place. I'm glad I got so much out of it before the changeover to SWL, but I cannot recommend it at all any more, and I hate that it's fallen so far after how quickly it swept me up."
76561197976178495,Not Recommended,215280,19169836,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,"Pros:Great storylineWholly utilized narrativeBranching choices that feel relevantAmazing atmosphereFluid musicCons:Size of communityInbalance in PvPLackluster (and lack of) end-game contentI'd highly recommend this as a single-player game for a person just to have the experience of being in the world for a time.  Otherwise, it's a huge lost opportunity."
76561198055788212,Not Recommended,215280,34887304,Posted: 11 September,all,Echokatt,"First off I never write these things. This is my first. I feel like this needs to be said.If you have never played the secret world then go for it. The story is one of the best you will find in any game. I played to the end of the first part, solomon island and story has not changed.  And if you don't know how much more indepth the first game was gameplay wise you wont know what you are missing.Now that aside the game is bad. They took their old system and dumbed it down to the point there is nolonger any strategy to the game. The new systems they did add are annoying and gimmicky. I used to spend hours trying to figure out what skills worked best with what passives and now thats all gone because the passives don't work on other weapons. So basicly using a hammer passive to make your shotgun do better is out or using a blood passive to make your elemental attack heal you is also out. They used to have skills that were things like strikes, blast, chains, and so on. The passives went off if they were the kind of attack not the weapon so a hammer passive that ups blasts would work on a shotgun skill that uses blasts. I could go on for hours about the builds but you get the point, Now none of thats there. Its shotgun passives help shotguns.Then comes the blatant cash grab that the game has become. Want to farm instances for gear better be ready to pay for keys. Want to unlock all the weapons, better be ready to spend weeks working on it or pay for it with real money. And I mean just to use them not unlock all the skills. Which I guess is a lot simpler now because there are a lot less skills in the dumbed down skill system.And the final strike comes in the form of the way it treats old players. I have a ton of hours in the old game and all that amounted to was unlocking the weapons and some clothes. What they are doing is basicly kicking all the long time players to the curb while trying to draw in players with an attention span of a gold fish. This new system is made for people who wont be playing it a year from now. So to me it looks like this is one final attempt to get some money from a game before they let it die."
76561198014955980,Not Recommended,215280,18067249,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Ashuroa,"I love this game, and I hate it even more because of that.The good:The idea is awesome. Secret societies battling secret evil in our modern world.The characters look cool and there is good customization.The locations are really cool and each quest is well written and interesting.Investigation missions are great.The neutral:The skill system is not that great. There is little help in finding a good build in game. There is little sense of progression.Crafting is mediocre at best.The bad:Stealth missions are really annoying.Combat animations are wooden and just look bad.Difficulty of monster varies wildly between push over and whoops, why am I dead?Balance between different skills is bad. Some are OP while other should just be avoided.The horrible:Mission design. This is an MMO. So I will play with a group. Why are there so many forces solo missions in this? It is incredibly annoying when you play together and frequently the game sends you into solo instances. You can't build a synergy team of characters since each one of them MUST be able to survive on their own. From a story point it makes even less sense - if our heroes have been working together on a case, why would they suddenly split up to tackle the big baddie at the end on their own?This is made even more aggravating by the fact that there are missions in the main story line that you MUST complete to progress to the next zone that are solo and incredibly hard. So if you can't complete them you can't get help from anyone, you can't outlevel them and come back and try when you are stronger, because you are stuck in the same old zone and can't progress. Basically you can try over and over again until you get lucky or it*s game over. I have no idea why any MMO dev would consider this design wise. Basically you're telling the player 'you suck, we don't want your money!'Yeah, I hate it, but I hate the game."
,Not Recommended,215280,35039189,Posted: 17 September,all,Azrael,I want the money back that I spent on The Secret World Ultimate Edition. What a rip off.
76561198069235656,Recommended,215280,33781022,Posted: 25 July,all,Ducain,"Got back again into Secret  World with this instalment and I must say it again was a blast to immerse myself in so much lore and horror. The main point for me is tha amount of story content that is provided and I think the new combat system is an improvement.  Easy to do solo and fun to team up, for a f2p angle this time you get alot of content for that."
76561197990977033,Not Recommended,215280,34806614,Posted: 7 September,all,wennid,"Take a half-decent game, dumb it down for the masses, add a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gimmick and a cash-grab business model, and you've got yourself a ""Legend"", apparently. Mind you, I'm sure they WILL make money off this crap, more's the pity. Such is the pathetic state of the gaming ""industry""."
76561197968470997,Not Recommended,215280,35040000,Posted: 17 September,all,info,"paid over a 100$ to get the game and all the add-ons, but never got to play much due to lack of time.now that I want to, everything I bought is gone.this should be ♥♥♥♥ing illegal.and all the great story is now ruined by quest pointers and lowest common denominator dumbed down gameplay"
76561198135913580,Recommended,215280,24183908,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Antimouse,"I bought this game in July 2016 only, due to absence of other interesting MMORPG on market released in 2016 so far.It's like your are Sherlock Holmes in the Arkham killng Illuminati. As far as i see, this game breaks all standards in MMO games genre. There are no similar game to compare. Freaking Cool Environment, Encounters and its paradise for everyone who loves questing and puzzle stuff. I'm not saying that this game is better than game ""A"" or game ""B"" e.t.c, but definitely The Secret World deserve very high rating. And it's truly amaze me when people saying like ""TSW is like - blah blah blah"". Tell it to my mom, the TSW by far is - Not Like. The game is quite unique in terms of character progression and all stuff like crafting and tallent system with mote than 500 active/passive tallent points available to learn. As i said, there are No similar game(s). At least i don't know any. Resume: Cool Game.There are no subscription fee required now (actual on Jul 2016)."
76561198290161320,Recommended,215280,30137895,Posted: 24 February,all,Arskov,"This is hands-down one of the best games I have ever played in my entire life. With beautiful storytelling, rich lore, and an immersive and expansive universe this game will grab you by the throat and make you scream for more. Even better, the paymodel is very consumer friendly and strives to be anything but pay to win. Even the cosmetics are fair, with tons of awesome gear available to earn rather than just buy."
,Not Recommended,215280,34047367,Posted: 5 August,all,GodzThirdLeg,"If you ever played the original TSW you will be disappointed, especially if you trusted Funcoms promises about SWLFuncom promised a new and improved combat system, which they did not deliver.  They just slapped minor changes on the original system and ended up making it worse. They also took away the original skill system and replaced it with one that is basically a worse version of an early 2000s MMORPG skill system."
76561198074730254,Recommended,215280,16454840,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,earymir,"I tried playing during beta, and at the time it just didn't hit the spot.  I'm not entirely sure why; much of it was the same, although not as polished, and less forgiving.When the Ultimate Edition came out, with all the expansions, etc, at a discount, I figured this would be my second try.  I really have not been able to stop playing since I got it (except sleep and food, begrudgingly).  If you want a new MMO to be addicted to, this is absolutely it.Pros: -Atmosphere (horror/arcane/Lovecraftian/gothic - whatever you want to call it) - it's genius-Combat - fast-paced, fluid, not tremendously punishing (although not a walk in the park either, which is nice).  a ton of variety-""level"" progression - it really is very flexible.  Do what you want.-gear and aesthetics are completely separate.  I love that I can change clothes like I do in real life without affecting my ability to cast blood spray at zombies.  Fickle and vain.  <3-Story / Characters - this stuff is very well developed.  In some ways it may have worked better as a single player game, but there have been a lot of times where another person has come along to save my Dragon hide, and it was great.-A LOT of variety in quests.  Obviously a lot of killing and a small amount of collecting.  BUT, the investigation and stealth missions really take it up a notch compared to most MMOs I've played.  You will almost certainly need to go online to solve stuff! (built in browser).  There's also creative use of crafting during quests.Cons: TBD.JK - I do have some cons.  My biggest thing is really just my general dislike of MMO enemies and story progression.  The constant respawning when you least expect it, the ""grinding"" if you have to backtrack through an area, the lack of change in an environment, even when you complete major quests.  These are not even remotely unique to TSW, but to me they are major detractors.  Remember that time you reinstalled a huge set of wards and destroyed the source of enemies in zone, progressing the plot and saving the entire institute?  No?  You can't tell because there are just as many enemies and none of the wards work after 2 minutes.  MMOs.  Womp.Leaving MMO-general issues aside, I love this game.  I really highly recommend it if you think the atmosphere/story sound even remotely cool to you.  You (hopefully) won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,215280,34022645,Posted: 4 August,all,Poltulov,"This is tricky. The world and models have not changed (except for the teleport travel which now has jump pads) but mechanics and functions have.Said things have changed for the worse.-Combat is slower and you will often see ""insufficient resources"" when spamming your attack keys (no, this was not improved). I'm really not sure where they took inspiration from; the combat is bad and laggy.-The character creator is simplified and anything you don't choose to wear will be locked behind a paywall. I am unsure if any clothing can be unlocked through the game. Initial class is chosen on creation.-The tutorial is fairy bad but sums up what the game will be like for new players: wonky combat and interactions (spam attack keys and F until things happen; uninteresting puzzle barriers slowing gameplay; a far more dumbed down trap system; a story most won't care for.-You will need to press your escape key to close out of windows or try to click a very tiny x.-Graphics are the exact same. There was no revamp.-Importing my account or whatever gave me a whopping two extra character slots but none of my pets or 'vanity items'.I've sat for a bit and have tried to think of positive changes but... I really can't think of anything.If you're new to this game as a whole, then you might feel confused at the blending of game ideas and mechanics since they don't really work together.If you're a veteran player, either don't waste your time installing this and trying just to log in or have fun leveling up again and hopefully you actually received your items.The fanboys (non-offensive) might keep this game afloat for a bit but I'm not sure the new combat system is going to be enough to attract necessary new players."
76561197991776587,Recommended,215280,25448317,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Scimajor,"Bar none, S.W. is the best M.M.O. ever produced. No, I'm not overstating things here. No other M.M.O. has quests that ask the player to use their brains. No other M.M.O. has such an engaging storyline. There's a reason that S.W. is still going strong.The only negative that I can think of is that it's only available for P.C..If you want to mindless level a character then S.W. is not for you. If you want to actually enjoy yourself while you're leveling S.W. is amazing and easily worth the price."
,Not Recommended,215280,34985433,Posted: 15 September,all,Hiladin,"I had 2 grand master accounts and bought the original game for 4 friends because I believed in the potential of the game (which it never achieved).They changed the game so that it plays like it should be played with a controller, but doesn't have controller support.  And while I didn't really mind that I lost my characters and progress (they allowed you to save some of the cosmetic items that you earned/bought for a short time, but I was so busy with work I missed it), the fact that they deleted my grandmaster status (lifestime subscriber) is such a spit in the face that I regret being so vocal in support of this company."
,Not Recommended,215280,33443643,Posted: 10 July,all,Azundris,"SUMMARY:  You missed an awesome game (if a flawed gem) in The Secret World. The reboot, Secret World Legends, is free-to-play and has a horrible new combat system, and seems the inferior product on the whole.Why you SHOULD play in the Secret World:- The NPCs. The allies and neutrals are almost all fun and memorable.- Investigation quests pull no punches. Can't figure out morse code? Can't sight read sheet music, or repeat a melody played to you? Can't wing at least dodgy latin? Well, you won't be solving this quest then, will you! Good luck with the next! Where these more cerebral quests work, the Secret World shines very, very brightly.- The community. #sanctuary was a uniquely friendly and helpful environment. No telling whether this will continue to hold true in the F2P world of SWL. For now, trolls are rare, and they're usually dealt with swiftly.- The dialogue.Why you SHOULDN'T play in the Secret World:Mostly half-assery. This was always a game of great ambition let down by its implementation.- The NPCs. The antagonists are bland, bland, bland; either too undefined to have a ""relationship"" with, or more sad or annoying than scary or impressive. Looking for a magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to go up against? This is not that game.- Investigation quests. Brilliant only when you're up against the actual riddle, not the GUI, and it takes the lustre off real quick if you can't tell whether you've got the wrong solution, or whether the GUI's broken. Or when you understand the principle, but it only narrows down the answer-set, and you still have to try a dozen of candidates one after the other, like a bloody intern doing busywork. Or when you prove you have the right solution, and then they make you prove it several times more (hi TSW Egyptian lair decryption riddle!).- The community. On bad nights, it's one of those annoying ""don't worry, they'll tell you"" jokes come to life. People will tell you about how tough things were in 2012, in the beta of the game that came before the beta of the game you're actually playing. It's about as charming as listening to how your granny had to walk to school, through the blizzard, uphill. Sometimes it's like people are only friendly the better to ♥♥♥♥ into your face about how in the know they are. Wanna feel second class for just wanting to play the game, not putting in unpaid hours on the test servers? You've come to the right place!- The Lore. Violating basic ""Show, don't tell"", much of the world is only knowable through reading the lore, and you'll never find an article, you'll find one twelfth of an article. If you'd rather have a whole article before reading it, you'll be lucky to have all the pieces by the time you leave an area and no longer need the information. Additionally, in-game these were produced by a non-human intelligence who is a horrible writer, and the sophomoric, repetitive preambles alone suggest that they were written by some juvenile intern who'd never heard about killing their darlings.- Story-telling. Major bad guys frequently disappear with unresolved stories, and the game can't seem to decide whether the kick-off cut scene, the mission journal, or the mission tracker should be your guide to the world. (I challenge you to make sense of the downed helicopter in TSW's SF without reading the journal!) Death by a thousand paper cuts.- That BS so many MMOs pull -- have them figure out builds and mechanics; then when they've got a good handle on things, change the rules. Then, reboot the product under a new name. You came to experience the story? The setting? To play the game, instead of spending half your time debating how to best play the game? Good luck with that. Unless you have time to wank to spreadsheets, or access to not just a cabal, but one of the top cabals, and/or the favor of the developers, good luck keeping up with the Joneses and being considered useful in group content. Many MMOs do it, but that doesn't make it less♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Combat (see below).How is Legends different from The Secret World?- The combat system: ""People complained that the system was too complicated, so we made one where instead of having to manage one resource per weapon, it's now two or three."" TSW had skills that created resources; more powerful skills that would consume those built resources; and finally, powerful skills that needed no resources, but had a cooldown. In SWL, weapons usually have two resources to watch (e.g. ammo and ""energy""), and often a cooldown as well: TSW's ""Shotgun Wedding"" is now ""Full Salvo"", consumes 4 ""shotgun energy"" AND 5 shells, AND has a 20 second cooldown. Guess how often you're at an intersection of all 3 where you can actually use the skill. Now consider that shotgun is now one of the designated tanking weapons, and that the above also applies to interrupts/impairs. The new way is not just annoying as hell, it also weirds the lore: in TSW, you really use ""anima"", and the weapons are just a focus/crutch for your feeble mind, so being ""magic"", guns needed no real rounds, and weapons could do unusual things. Things made sense.- There is stronger guidance with regard to quest order in SWL. This makes the game feel more like a story/narrative, and I'd have appreciated having it for my first play-through of TSW. This should be optional later, but isn't, and is somewhat subverted by locking each dungeon's lowest difficulty to the player's level, rather than a point in the narrative, so you may become eligible for a dungeon long before understanding its context. Insanely, this is called ""story mode.""Locking to player rather than gear level also weirds multi-roling if you're not equally geared/skilled for all roles.- The ""issues"": Some of the worst quests from the former story DLC are now part of the main quest chain. I expect tons of people to quit in Egypt (already the weakest of the zones in TSW; too bright to be scary, and too crowded to walk anywhere without alarming 5 cultists who will descend on you shouting, ""A toon, a toon!"", and who cheat with infinite impairs and self heals), since now all the horrible sneak and platforming missions from issue 6, Last Train to Cairo, are mandatory. Sure, its last mission has a great cut scene and basic idea, but the implementation stinks, and so does the platforming. What could've been one of its crowning moments of glory instead shows the game at its worst -- and that's just Egypt's FIRST map.- Some of the UI has been tastefully updated (wardrobe, character creation, etc.). Other parts have been dumbed down (e.g. TSW's rather original crafting system has been removed, and replaced by a nuisance). Other parts still are ""forthcoming"", like a graphical gear manager.- There've been some minor improvements/optimizations re draw distance etc. It's subtle.- New tutorial, so you'll be doing character creation, name selection, TWO tutorials and visiting the hub and the faction HQ before you're finally dropped into your first real mission.- TSW allegedly created instances with few players so crowds don't negate spookiness. Still, you could have up to about 50 people by meeting up on someone in a given instance -- for events, and for role-play. (I'll miss the RP/dance parties with a live web radio DJ!) SWL has a tighter limit (around 10 when we last tested), so you won't get ""that MMO feel"", but it's not limited to ""you/your group"", so you can still start playing, try to get in the mood of things, and then some random♥♥♥♥♥♥in underpants with a flaming unicorn head and a silly name runs by, stopping only to laugh at your newbish gear. It's the worst of both worlds. You can no longer choose a server (RP, French, German, etc.) either. The vast majority of cosmetic items carry over when you link your TSW and SWL accounts btw -- clearly a blessing and a curse.Verdict: Don't waste your time. Or, you know, form your own opinion from the above and give it a spin. It's free, if your time's worth nothing."
,Recommended,215280,8219721,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Valgrind,"I have nothing else to say, this is just the best MMORPG ever other then the MMORPG part itselfthe storyline is so unique and so deep, the investigate quest are awsome-you have to google the related documents in order to solve the puzzle-or you can just google walk through but that will take away all the fun.The final boss in first dungeon is clearly cthulhu although they dont call it that way-you know what im talking about babe.The graphic is somewhere decent, although not as good as guild wars 2 and lack of optimization, it's still very impressivehappen in a modern world.The skill line is also really unique, without a level or job limit, you can work your way up to any kind of character you like to-just like EVE.but other then that, the gameplay itself sucks, the dungeon/drop/loot system is somewhat a lackluster replicate of WOW.and the player population is just horrible..."
76561198052701422,Recommended,215280,33067499,Posted: 30 June,all,Ryaad,"This review is for Secret World Legends (SWL)Rating: 4/5TL;DR: Great gameplay, rough start to monetization, issues likely to be fixed soon.SWL is a relaunch of The Secret World (TSW). It's entire existence is to try and eliminate issues with TSW while turning a profit, as after all the Devs need to keep the lights on.In terms of ways to actually make money off the playerbase? SWL does a better job of it that SWL. In terms of how this impacts players? It's not the greatest BUT changes have been announced that are going to mitigate this issue. The Devs are already, a week into the launch, listening to players better than they did with TSW.Gameplay wise? SWL is far better. The combat feels so much better. There are complaints about it, but many of them are on paper and don't translate as well to in practice. The skills in SWL don't sound as good as they sounded in TSW, but they feel and play better. There are a ton of quality of life changes that really helped make this more newbie friendly as well, such as improved quest flow.Overall SWL is a better version of TSW, though the monetization is causing a bumpy start. Despite this bumpy start the Devs are already trying to smooth things out. If the monetization issues, or other issues, are keeping you back in TSW, or away completely, then check back in a couple months. I'm sure by then many of the problems will be smoothed out. In fact I'm sure that SWL is going to end up holding it's own and being the game that TSW could've been, but never was."
,Not Recommended,215280,35122605,Posted: 22 September,all,Xeroxinator,Oh yeah thats cool. Apparently this new update deleted all my characters.Side note there are classes now... So goodbye major feature which initially drew me to this game.And hello true end game (the content released to a dying game which only makes matters worse). I give it a years tops.
,Not Recommended,215280,35072955,Posted: 19 September,all,jratican,"I feel bad for writing this ""bad"" review but I am really unhappy at Funcom. I spent the last few days talking with customer service and this review is based on their ""help"". First off I purchased the game a few years back before the free to play conversion but had a Mac that couldn't handle it so now that I have a computer that can run TSW I figured I would come back. As someone who actually purchased the previous version I was trying to get the bonus character slots a legacy account should have, after all I bought the game for $30. After days of not finding my old account I eventually sent them my Steam receipt and was told that my account wasn't a Grandmaster account so I get nothing. On the bright side the customer service people were really nice."
,Not Recommended,215280,34019817,Posted: 4 August,all,Grimalkin,"This ""relaunch"" thing is rather embarrasing. The game is basically the same, content is the same, engine is the same (it still runs better on DX9 than on DX11), graphic models are the same.Most of the new things are actually step(s) back - removed tab-targeting, dumbed down combat, idiotifying the skill system, added typical free-to-play grind-skipping purchases. There is added “tutorial”, which is also for the simple minded, consisting mostly of “click here to proceed” steps.It's obviously targeting the new, willing to pay audience, but I'm not sure that is the right approach, at least not in the long run."
76561198142106482,Recommended,215280,16606490,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Hundmetall,"One of the best games I have played in years.  It has good customisation, interesting story, clever puzzles, if you are even remotely interested in the game then do not hesitate any longer."
,Recommended,215280,14643126,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TASTEFUL SIDEBOOB [HOH],"This is probably the most immersive MMO I've ever played, and it's grabbed me like no other. The atmosphere and writing often remind me of Bloodlines. In a lot of ways, it's less like an MMO than a really great singleplayer RPG.Also: this game has a built-in web browser because you're going to need to do actual web research in order to solve some of its puzzles. That's super awesome."
,Not Recommended,215280,33243051,Posted: 4 July,all,StevoPhilo,"For Secret World Legends.TSW has been around for quite some time and was a lot of fun. It took a little getting use to since it was very different from other MMO's, but now with Legends it's been ""streamlined"" and made F2P. Mind you they are now 2 ""different"" games, but they aren't different games. This game could've just been patched.Legends essentially is the same game so don't let the new name fool you. The quests and the combat have been revamped and I'm not really sure it's for the better.Now there is a bit more diversity when it comes to the combat. Previously everyone was essentially a rogue regardless of what weapon. You build up combo points and used a finisher. Now you have different unique characteristics for each weapon and they don't work like rogue combat points. That's great! Maybe it isn't.You see the combat animations are almost the exact same and the uniqueness of each weapon is pretty randomized. Now you're class locked from the get go and have to pay money or delete and restart a character to make a new class.Levels are added now to reduce confusion, but hey who needs levels if you can just buy skill points from the cash shop!The loot system isn't rewarding anymore. You rarely get new loot and now you just dump all the useless stuff and merge it into a higher level of what you have. I guess we can run dungeons, but now your loot is locked to randomized loot boxes that you only get keys for daily. So you can't even run Dungeons continually without diminishing returns.TL;DR - This is a copy and paste game with a paywall. Imagine playing WoW for all the years that you have played and now they have WoW Legends. They copied and pasted the game with a ""new combat system"" and made you start from scratch, but then locked certain content behind a paywall. Yea a lot of people wouldn't accept thatThe game has turned into a huge paywall. Yea it's free, but anyone who has money will progress way further than what you ever will. Gear/skill points/Quest cooldowns all are behind paywalls. PLEASE DON'T SUPPORT THIS GAME."
76561197991931326,Recommended,215280,24146554,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,dm,"A mindblowing work of art. The creativity in design and writing easily put most MMOs, let alone RPGs to shame."
,Recommended,215280,10431314,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,M00NSH4D0W,"Do you miss the Hellgate:London and Vampire the Masquarade:Bloodlines Atmosphere?Do you like solving riddles?Do you like mixing skills without any class restriction?This game is yours then.The Secret World is a very streak game but if you like these games what i listed before you will be an addict to this game.Join us and free the world from Evil.-Lot of ppl said this game is a p2w but the store dont include any kind OP items, just costumes-costume packs-,makeups xp booster.You need to pay issues only (new maps and stories) after you bought the game here but the massive edition is include some of it.-"
76561197987679832,Recommended,215280,15118967,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,iindie,"First of All ... the Story .. .Contrary to All other MMO's there is NO GOD complex here .. no ego tripping , you are not a hero , you are part of a story , you are part of a faction a group an army of defenders divided into factions that barely can keep up with the happennings and current events within the Storyline.Am i not the hero in there ? No you are not the hero barely a witness of the impending doom within the story line one of the many actors within the story . You are not the chosen one , nor are you the hero at all . This alone is rare feat in MMos and in terms or storytelling.In this game you are not the hero ; The story is the hero and it is a mighty engaging story , the lore of the story is complex and so are the missions , certainly some of the missions look simple enough , kill some monsters , send report , done and on to the next one . But investigations missions will make you research , think and whereas there is a deep rich amount of help the community will be glad to provide any new player , expect a game where the going can get tough at times without help.The setting goes from Myth of Cthulu to the most action oriented genre into a modern setting. You will explore and discover the conspiracies animating a long and complex history within the Secret World , Feuiding corporations vying for domination , Engineers of chaos willing to bring the coming of a new age and blindsided to the fact that their own stated goal may lead them to their own destrution , Discipined Army of soldiers , general and commanders , looking at the slightest bit of evil as a pausible cause to scorch the Earth to bring it into a new Eden of their making. And yet something much darker lurking in the corner of your eye and seeping through the reality of the story , the present players are in over their respective heads and even the Council has little grasp on the vastness of the events at hand.Classes: THERE ARE NO CLASSES.There are no classes at all  within this game which make it a whole different ball game than any other MMO , your equipment has statictics and following those you will perform either grandly or poorly within your assigned role .The skill system is rich complex and deep , the fighting is hard and complex don't expect your tank to stand still in a fight facing a boss .. don't expect to stay immobile in a fight , expect to dance around the objectives , minding the telegraphs impairing the critical casts avoiding chain damaging your companions,Now the Community: As an Mmo TSW stands pretty much by its own , it is dedicated to a mature audience , most cabals (guilds) expect high repect from player to player and that is valid and enforced accross all cabals i came in touch while playing the game.Ok those are the positive points:Now for the so so part : Game optimization : While TSW is a great game the client-server relationship does need a lot of optimisation , PhysX support is close to nil for most of the modern Video Cards and there are some persistent issues concerning multi threading within the game.This game will run fine on most settings but if you run at high resolution and like DX11 in its full glory. The game at the present time does not leverage multithreading and in complex event PhysX might revert back to CPU calculation rather than leveraging the full power of your graphic's cards PhysX capabilities. This will not interfere with gameplay but during raid and evnts but is still a concern time of this review.The GM's and Customer support at Funcom: Let me be clear the GMs will address every concern and question and will be helpful within a matter of minutes , they will not leave a stone unturned on the matter and will be nothing short of helpful within their powers.Development and content delivery : If you expect timely and regularly timed end game content you might want to be patient with the company, on the other hand a beginner within the game will have a LOT to go through before reaching the end potential of his / her own character , take your time , explore around and do not ever forget to help others , i was a simple noobie once and i still go in normal mode dungeons to help new players get geared up on a regular basis. Don't close yourself up in one branch of the skills , you can learn them all and lack of specialization is something you will appreciate as you go through the content.The bad part : Events . One word can sum them up ... LAGGGFEST .. the lack of optimization to modern multicore machines really hurts the performance of the game at the time of this writing this can be mitigated by turning off some of the effects and turning those back on when out the event zones.  There are specific channels within the community server to that extent.I hope you have enjoyed the reading and remember this is not about you being the hero this is about the story and YES it is a hugely complex intertwined storyline that will keep you at the edge of your chair at each custscene ."
,Recommended,215280,16449840,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KryzBaconJerky,"Tl;dr at the bottomI've spent about 300ish hours in this game and I have to say it is one of the best MMO experiences I have ever had. I like the combat in this game and it was pretty easy to get used to...The only hard part was trying to figure out what skills work best with others and which passives you should equip to best compliment your build. If you're anything like me, this is very confusing but thankfully the community is nice enough to share builds that help in any stage of the game. Some of the builds work better in certain situations and you could possibly be switching builds depending on the fight ahead of you.I made it through most of the game without much help, as I am a bit hesitant to socialize with other players for fear of being classed as a noob. I just recently made it into Tokyo, however, and found out that none of my previous builds were working out for me. So I started experimenting with different builds that I found on the interwebs and still am having a hard time, especially with the boss-type enemies that have 2 different aegis shields...The Missions in this game are very engaging. From when you click the button to start the quest to the response you get from your faction leader after you finish it. The cinematics and voice-work are very nice and you miss out on a huge part of the game if you skip and don't read/watch them. Then there are investigation missions. Before you start this game, I would recommend you buy a notebook to take notes in as even the smallest bit of information in these mission-types is a potential clue. That is, if you want to solve them by yourself. If you need a bit of help with these, there are guides on the internet that can get you unstuck or if you just don't want to waste time, can get you through the entire mission. One of my favorite sites for this is Unfair.co (I believe is the address). This site actually explains, in detail, the steps they went through to solve the missions and what hints you should look for.Now onto the RP element. This is the most disappointing part of this game for me and it makes me really sad. I love this game and in many games that I love, I love to RP. They have a pretty big RP community with a website and everything to post events. I've gone to a few of these events, and have tried to involve myself in the group. With me being a very new player to these events, it is hard to find a place to fit in. I have walked up to random people that were RPing and led with a whisper asking if they wanted to RP, to which they would usually respond yes. We would then engage in the RP which would usually end up with me RPing by myself, getting 2 or 3 word responses from the other player. After a while, I noticed that the RP community is very closed off to newer people. People only seem to want to RP with people they know and it in turn leaves me standing by the bar, sipping on a drink and ♥♥♥♥ing around on my phone, hoping someone would come talk to me since me talking to them never seemed to work.Recently on Fridays, the developers have been doing streams on twitch, playing through the different issues and answering questions from the community. I went to the latest one, which they had giveaways going on to win either Funcom points or the new Franken Chopper. I actually won the Chopper and was so excited about it. I would love to see more of these events in the future of this game. It's always amazing to see the developers get in there and interact with the players and to see them play their own game.Tl;drI would recommend this game to every one of my friends. From the combat to the story-telling, this game is amazing. The community is usually very helpful and the developers and GMs are also quite helpful. I haven't done any PVP but I hope to change that in the near future, when I understand the mechanics a bit better."
76561198214592032,Recommended,215280,25351434,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,phillipshead,"I'm on the fence about this one, because there really is a lot to like, but also flops where it counts. Overall this is worth a shot on sale (I got the ultimate edition 50% off, sale seems to happen regularly). The bonuses are all right but nothing to write home about, you get a selection of free starter weapons that you'll replace within a couple hours, a couple costumes, and some ability earning bonuses, but the real reason to get ultimate is so you don't have to buy the chapters (up to 11) separately later. I'm not there yet, though, no where close.This is a game where you can sink a lot of time and always have something to do. There are side quests galore, plenty of lore to read, and even if you're just trying to charge through the main quests, you're in for a pretty long haul. That said, it can be a bit overwhelming, sometimes repetitive, but in fairness, there's minimal grind, it's more of a journey. Go into this game with that mindset and you'll have a great time.Note that I'll be changing or adding to this as I sink more time into it.PROS:* Extremely diverse ability system that you can change up on the fly. It's worth noting that you just keep on getting AP, there is no respeccing because it's not necessarily needed. Also worth noting that many abilities/passives from trees of weapons you aren't actively using can still be equipped--it'll tell you if it requires the equipped weapon (or related skill). There's lots of cool synergy and theorycrafting you can do, one could spend a very long time just sitting there making builds.* The bulk of your experience gain comes more from completing quests, rather than grinding mobs. On one hand, some players may dislike this approach, but it strongly encourages you to engage in quests rather than mindlessly grind, and I'm okay with that model (though quests could have been executed better--more on that below).* The atmosphere is delightfully spooky. The music, graphics and sounds come together very well; you feel like you're the star in an episode of some supernatural show. On that note, some of the enemy designs are very heeby-jeeby inducing, making it all the more satisfying when you kill them.* Voice acting is on point, and there's a TON of it, some voices you may even recognize either from movies or other video games. Seriously, check out the IMDB for this game and look at the list, it's baffling how much talent they got. Notably, they even got horror film legend Jeffrey Combs for a couple voices (who you'll hear very early on if you side with the Illuminati).Now, sadly, here's where I have to rip on it. I say sadly, because these points are pretty major, and detract from what is otherwise an enjoyable entry to the genre.CONS:* Combat. This needs several bullet points to fully explain, because it's a lot of little things that add up:-- No auto-attack. You pick an ability that builds your resources and have to spam that. Feels kinda clunky. This is especially hindering in situations where, say, you catch a nasty lag spike or somehow disconnect, when fighting something so easy an auto-attack would finish it while you're d/cing--nope, you reconnect dead. Fortunately lag spikes and graphic stutters aren't TOO common (and of course can always be blamed on client-side issues), but they do happen.-- Lack of variety in animations. Abilities only have one animation, and most of them are shared with other similar abilities.-- Unsatisfying and awkward sound effects. Sometimes they're on point, but most of the time it just doesn't seem to match the action. In general combat just doesn't feel... tight, I guess would be the word. Things are happening, health bars are going down, but the action all seems disjointed.-- Final note: While the combat does have its issues, it mostly just takes some getting used to. Despite all the disjointedness and repetition, it can be entertaining.* Graphical stutters even with lowered settings and a decent rig, an issue which I'm seeing echoed in other reviews. Apart from being annoying, this can be lethal in many encounters, especially since you can't rely on an auto-attack to save you by the skin of your teeth. Strange thing is, these stutters will happen at the weirdest times, even when there's not much action on-screen. Fortunately there's not really any penalty for dying.* Player characters all look very similar, outfits and hairstyles aside. Couple that with the repetitive animations and you really disconnect from that sense of uniqueness.* Some quest triggers are confusing, and oftentimes you're able to do things before you're supposed to, requiring you to trigger them again somehow. This has yet to break anything for me, but has left me scratching my head on occasion.* Key items specific to quests take up inventory space, and sometimes there are a lot of them; frequent trips to banks and vendors are highly recommended. This wouldn't be so bad, if...* ... you could actually delete quests! That's right, there's no abandoning a quest once you've got it. All you can do is put it on pause to ""make room"" for another active quest/mission, but those key items for that mission? They're not goin' anywhere, forever sitting in your inventory, taunting you to complete that quest. What's worse, I've even picked up key items for quests I don't even have and don't know where to get, and you can't delete those items either.NEUTRAL:* Quests and missions are a mixed bag as far as entertaiment value. Cinematically, they're often fantastic; animations, script, voice acting, the works. Some of the dialog is so convoluted though that you'll be fiddling the ESC key to skip if the guy says anything else blatantly obvious. Gameplay-wise they can be sort of underwhelming. Most side-quests are simply ""go here and kill X mobs,"" with some random stuff mixed in, pretty standard fare for an MMORPG, but they're usually pretty well executed. This is where the grind comes creeping in though, since some kill-quests are rather lengthy, and on top of most mobs having a b*tch-load of health, can be tedious. Missions aren't much different but always have at least one gimmicky element to spice things up. Investigation quests can be fun, but frustrating, and will often lead to you simply looking up the answer online after scratching your head over them.* Speaking of which, I'm not sure how I feel about practically *requiring* players to look things up online for clues to the answers when they can just as easily look up... the answers themselves, but at least they provide an in-game browser. Still, it's a pretty ancillary feature, considering it's probably faster to just, y'know, use your out-of-game browser. It's not like we're not already on a computer with internet. Whatever.OVERALL:This game reminds me of a hodgepodge of some of the best (and worst) elements of other MMORPGs. It's like a mix of SW:ToR (another EA title), City of Heroes (now discontinued), Guild Wars (skill system) and, well... not sure what else. The puzzles and overall secrecy are very unique to this title--a title which the game strongly holds up to. Cinematic production is fantastic and worth it for that alone, but gets shadowed by the awkward, repetitive, and often very formulaic combat (i.e. you will always be doing the same skills in the same order with your build until things die, occasionally using a defensive move). But at the end of the day, this doesn't stray much from the tried-and-true MMORPG formula, so it's hard to complain; I might be a bit jaded from years of this stuff. Customization nuts will have a blast, and the atmosphere is executed brilliantly.So, overall, the good outweighs the bad, and it's worth giving a shot when it's on sale."
76561198016434364,Recommended,215280,24905734,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,yo,"I need to play this more.Edit: I played it more.*Can't quite classify it as a normal MMORPG, It has the elements; but a better taste.*You get tons of skills and whatnot- But you are limited to two items and a handful of active and passive skills.*But you can change the presets whenever you want pretty much.*The best part of this game is it's storyline; Makes you think about that is real and what isn't, what matters in life most, and what does not.* It keeps a dark H.P lovecraft feel with a perfect balance of humor and seriousness.* Makes you realize americas government is filled with a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.-MAKE SURE- To read every report when you finish a quest or side mission, and watch every cutscene; It contains (hands down) the best storyline for a game of this genre."
,Recommended,215280,30258883,Posted: 1 March,all,KingJak,"One of the Few MMORPGs that isn't a WoW Clone, not as popular as it should be though.One of the best Atmospheres and missions I have seen in the last decade, and an endgame that isn't a chore to reach and do, this is probably the only game of the genre where the journey is better than the endgame."
,Not Recommended,215280,33239304,Posted: 4 July,all,Nokturnihs,"--This is a Review of Classic TSW and Secret World Legends--Secret World (Classic) was a decent game with some cool and unique features, but annoying crafting mechanics and slow, boring combat mechanics. The Economy wasn't stellar (MMO's and RPG's usually include a broken economy on one level or another) but it wasn't awful. Loot drops were fairly common, with a bit of garbage and some nice drops too. It was mostly Solo-friendly but also fun to play with friends. It was pay to play and I personally picked up most (if not all) of the expansions. I had the Sprint V motorcycle too and a bunch of vanity items.Secret World Legends has updated combat that is more fun and fluid. The UI looks a little nicer. The new level mechanics are god-awful and comparing the two, you went from a very well balanced, good early game and decent end-game progression to a grinding pay-to-win scheme that is boring, unrewarding and ultimately, soulless.Legends took away the clever combinations of passives for the most part, and then, to add more grind and encourage people to spend cash, they included tons of trivial bonuses into their passive trees. Loot now ONLY seems to drop off named mobs and when you send in reports. Skill progression is slow as hell now at early game.None of the stories have really changed that much and the graphics haven't improved in ways that could negate the incredibly bad changes to mechanics.So overall on Legends:-No new content-Pay to Win-Unrewarding, boring early game-Incomplete transfers from Classic-Little to no loot-One of the worst MMO Economies I've seen+Better upgrade system+Fun combat (Until you realize it's not much more than a few tweaks and better animations)+Slight improvements to UI+Better Gadgets+Free to playAnd on Classic TSW:+ Rewarding character advancement+ Less broken Economy+ More loot drops+ Better Skill Options+ Less Grind+Pay for the client, play forever- Boring Combat- Older Graphics- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ upgrade system- EFFECTIVELY ABANDONED BY FUNCOMShared:+ Fun Missions+ Interesting World+ Cool Character Appearance and handling of Equipment.- Funcom owns and maintains it- Spammy/Obvious attempts to encourage microtransactions.Final thoughts:This ""Relaunch"" by Funcom has effectively encourage me (and probably others like me) to just stop playing Secret World (Legends or Classic). Their pursuit of capital has left old players feeling ripped off and abandoned. At the same time, the new mechanics aren't enough of a change to breathe new life into the game in ways old players will find rewarding.A Relaunch should appeal to the existing player base while appealing to new players at the same time. This does not do that. This penalizes old players in serious ways and discourages us from investing into the new version of the game.I sincerely hope Funcom does SOMETHING to correct the issues with Secret World Legends because as it stands, I'm not feeling much incentive to play either version anymore. With other glaringly bad decisions Funcom has made in their other titles, I'm pretty close to done with FunCom as a whole.Please FunCom - help your customers out and give us reasons to leave positive reviews and come back to your games."
76561198093821001,Not Recommended,215280,12113751,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PaganExtremist,"Out of the reviews I read, nearly all of them were short recommendations. To sum up the reviews I read from people ranging from 20-700 hours game time is ""its good. wow sucks. TSW is free. GG.""I would very much like to disagree to the popular trend of recommending this game. I have played 800+ Hours of this game. At first I was extrememly satisfied and excited to be playing. I LOVED IT! Then I just stopped loving it.I noticed quickly that if you are not playing with friends, you will likely not be playing with somebody other than yourself. The community seems so tight knit to the point of toxicity.If you do not know exactly what you are doing on your class/abilities/build you will be sorely paying for it. PVP seems to be plagued with the 2-3 players than know EXACTLY what they are doing and in result... 1 shot everyone and everything in their way. Making it nearly impossible to have fun while still riding that learning curve. It also seems to me that the Dragon faction will rule Stonehenge and El Dorado (whatever they are called) and the illuminati will rule the Fushang Province (however it is spelled) Leaving the Templars to scrap together a rare victory on occasion.The bag system seems to fail med game due to an increasing amount of lootables/rewards making it a 1-2 hour ordeal to clean your bags and make them viable once more.The PVE dungeon system is a tad bit out-dated, Leaving an old school WoW feel. You either need to walk to the dungeon or be summoned there. There seems to be endless trash mobs inbetween bosses. The bosses feel like they are immensly stronger than they should be for the level you can enter the dungeon.In conclusion, as a F2P MMORPG I would say it is a good time waster if that is all you plan on doing. I would only recommend this game to someone who wishes to waste their time.... I would NOT recommend this game to anyone looking for an enjoyable experience that lasts till the end.P.S. If you don't like my review, don't read it again?"
,Recommended,215280,9722916,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Det. Dicksmack²,"The Secret World is an interesting title. It's very unique in it's own right while still feeling very much like a normal RPG would. TSW allows you to join under one of three different societies (Iluminati, Templar, and Dragon) and each come with their own set of story, characters, and game world hubs to explore. Outside of these faction-specific hub zones are regions. And boy, there's a lot here. The first place you'll come across is Solomon Island, which contains three distinct locations all ranging in size. The maps are massive, and there are tons and tons of sidequests, main missions, and story missions scattered about. From what I know, there are three or four different regions each containing two or three different areas to explore. Your quests all range in both gameplay style and type. So let's break them down one by one.Story Missions - This are quests that follow the main story of the game. How you play it is up to you.Action Missions - Displayed by a symbol of a man running, action missions are exactly what they sound like. This is where you get to do lots of murdering, defending against hordes, and getting into dangerous situations.Sabotage Missions - Marked with the symbol of a timer strapped to dynamite, these missions are a more stealth orientated. You'll have to do such things as sneaking around enemies, cameras, and even hacking.Investigation Missions - These missions are marked with a laptop. This, in my opinion, is the landmark mission type that sets TSW apart from the rest. Investigation missions utilize the game's world, as well as its assets, to deliver a rich detective experience. Problem solving and a keen eye for detail are a must. And, sometimes, they really push your brain to the limit. Don't look up online guides for these or you're going to ruin all the fun. Some of these quests type involve having to follow clues, or having hints dropped on you, figuring out passwords and stuff of the sort. Sometimes you actually need to hit up Google and start doing some research in order to find what you're looking for. It's that kind of immersion factor that makes you really feel like you're actually working towards something bigger and unraveling the mysteries of the world.Dungeon Missions - Marked with a purple icon with 3 figures standing. Dungeons are, as you'd expect, hard. I've only played through one dungeon, and from what I can tell you pretty much go through treacherous environments that can harm you fighting multiple bosses until you finally get to the last boss. Then rewards ahoy!Item Missions - Marked with a box. These sidequests are not given by NPCs. Rather, they are objects you find around the world (such as a postal van) that grant you the choice of a side quest. They usually tie together with the main story missions.There's another called Scenario missions. I haven't gotten a chance to play those yet, but it seems to go on a pass-fail basis depending how well you and your party performed.Despite the good, TSW has it's draw backs. For starters, don't expect a TPS experience if you choose to use guns. They play out exactly as they would in an RPG. Your skills under 1-7 are what makes your weapons work. Apart from that, the party system has two really lame issues. The first comes from a lot of quests taking place in solo instances. It renders the whole point of a party pointless when you can only advance a certain quest tier by going into a solo instance. Just as well, Funcom also decided to make a gathering loot a game of chance. Sometimes if you kill an enemy, an uncommon or rare item will appear. No one in your party is allowed to take it. Instead, a bar shows up with 3 button choices, ""Need, Greed, or Pass."" Choosing Greed or Need will cause you roll a di (the number goes to 100 I think). Whoever gets the highest number on their roll wins the item. It's a good system, in theory, but it's also a little annoying. I much prefer GW2's method of just having character bound drops for every member of your party. Although having this system gives off the feeling that working together with other members of different secret societies is more like a fragile alliance rather than friendship.Combat in TSW starts off really poorly. Melee weapons and Magic tend to be more offensive and do a lot of damage to enemies. And the abilities you get can really pack a punch. Guns, on the other hand, start off rather weak. And, alone, its incredibly hard to play with. It's hard to avoid getting hit because you have a very limited dodge function. You can only dodge once after, I think, a 15-20 second cooldown. This makes confrontations alone with guns rather annoying because you can never keep your distance. Once you gain new abilities you'll be a DPS machine. Of course, the way to do this is to level up and get crowd control abilities. But expect to die a lot and work your♥♥♥♥♥off.The story is nothing short of a miss. The concept sounds cool, and the world is excellent. The backstory and lore stuff is really interesting. I haven't gotten much into the story, but what really breaks it for me is the writing. Cutscenes, which happen at the start of every quest given by an NPC, drag on and on. And since your character is mute, sometimes you'll just be listening to one guy blabber on about something for over 2 minutes. This wouldn't be so bad if the writing wasn't so laughably awful. Characters tend to reference stuff that exists in real life, and make pop culture references left and right. Seriously, the head honcho of the Iluminati compares the organization to XBOX but ""more hardcore."" What does that even MEAN? There was a secret man who was well spoken but would occasionally drop meme bombs like, ""all your cameras are belong to us,"" and ""I am disappoint."" These quips don't get me immersed in the story. Rather, they suck me out of the immersive experience. I get that the game is set in modern times and in our world but referencing stuff that exists in real life causes players to think about real life and that breaks immersion.TSW originally started off as a subscription-based game. That was dropped once the sales were too low. Now you can just buy the game and play forever. However, the game does have an item store. This store contains various items like clothing, boosters, weapon moulds to give your weapons a cooler look, pets, accessories, etc. You will have to drop some cash if you wanna make your character look like a badass. Thankfully though everything is reasonably priced. Special outfits only cost a little under $10, and bits and pieces of clothing run you about 50 cents to 2 dollars a pop. There is a subscription system, though. This subscription model grants you 1200 funcom points a month, as well as veteran points for more exclusive items, a special item of the month, and other various bonuses. I don't know how much of an advantage it gives. But I've been playing without it and I seem to be doing okay. Even if I am dying quite a bit.In conclusion, TSW is a blast. And well worth it's asking price. I would also highly recommend the RP servers. Ya know, if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,215280,33973721,Posted: 2 August,all,Kombo,"well without getting into to much about the game the story is amazing, one of the best voicelines to date in a MMO, that being said the combat has changed drastically and getting use to it is pretty easy, most of these reviews I read give it a bad review not even trying the game and quit in the tutorial, now this game does have it's share of problems and isn't perfect by any means, it's a game from 2012? it defenitly is dated in the graphical sense and the combat is a bit clunky, That being said Secret World Legends is a very uniquely styled MMO set in the modern world where fantasy and reality clash at each other, you have to fight Zombies, Mummies, Werewolves, and more mythical creatures. I suggest that anyone reading this pay attention to the story!"
76561198063033383,Not Recommended,215280,33276675,Posted: 5 July,all,Jaxir,"TLDR: Legends are crap, stay in old TSW or dont play at all. Pay to Win example.Do not belive developers and their lies. They did not created new game. They barely overhaul the old one, using same engine, keeping same issues (like inability to use v-sync), they completely butchered charater creator, which was bad in the secret world but with some work you were able to create decent characters. Secret world legends has even worse character creator, most characters look like hideous creations from the sims 1.Only thing they did somewhat right is combat system. Becuase they included mouseloko and ability to use left and right mouse button for attacks. Considering they included some ♥♥♥♥ed up mechanics like rifles exploding in your face if you dont use grenade in time, totally RNG mechanic in most weapons (like shotgun shells or pistols) it nulifies this change.Their idea of free game is RNG all over the place, RNG boxes, RNG loot, massive cash shop and pay to win impact on the RNG, the more you buy the more RNG... you get me now?Also the main reason for creating SWL is the fact that huge amount of poeple who enjoyed original TSW bought life time subscription plan (that costet I think about 200 bucks if I remember correctly) that causes them to play the gmae for free forever and they never had to buy anything from cash shop ever again. This ofcourse worried funcom so while they keep their patron status forever they still will have to buy Aurum currency for real money if they want to actualy play the game seriously.Because this game is pay to win. And if you are not paying you will be treated like disgusting pleb and a parasite. And god help you if you didnt at least owned original game. Restrictions what you cant do will be massive. MASSIVE.!!!!!Oh and one last thing. Trying to steal reviews from Secret world players for this ""new"" product is nothing but total fraud. Most positive reviews that are to be seen here are not even for this game but for The original Secret World game!!!!"
76561197971915415,Not Recommended,215280,34430137,Posted: 22 August,all,Xen Pyro,The combat feels fresher but also more limited and its not very well thought out. They simplified the builds but after playing them you really see that they aren't that well thought out. Client feels more stable but getting more random crashes in dungeons during boss fights than the old version. Don't plan on giving this version another try until i hear there has been a massive overhaul to the classes. Kinda wish i hadn't wasted my time with this but it was for a while.
76561198123400396,Not Recommended,215280,35005661,Posted: 16 September,all,Alex,"Due to recent changes, I lost all money and time invested into this game. Due to this, I am unable to recommend this game to anyone."
76561198042303249,Not Recommended,215280,33985523,Posted: 2 August,all,Tymp3st,"Not happy with the game right now.The story is solid and the game play can be really fun. Unfortunately I now have to wait for Steam to update the game a second time tonight because after it updated through Funcom I was informed that I'll have to play through Steam and not allowed to sign into the account I've been playing on since launch. It would have been real nice to get an email on that, just a heads up.I've also been waiting a week to hear back from Funcom customer service about a billing issue. So, less unhappy with the game and more with the company that publishes it.There's also some shady stuff with them leaving up old reviews from The Secret World classic and just recycling the store page. That means I can't access my The Secret World: Ultimate Edition from Steam any more even though it's supposed to still be playable for those who purchased it before Secret World Legends came out. That also means I can't double check what was in the ultimate edition to make sure I'm not missing anything when the download finishes and I can finally play again."
76561198057052181,Recommended,215280,10572263,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pennypecker,Fascinating story telling with beautiful graphics make this a must play.
76561197997938680,Recommended,215280,10468690,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,gigi,I love this game! It is like a mixture of Demon Souls/Dark Souls with the regular RPG like Guild Wars. I am getting addicted to this game in a way like I have not been for about a year now with all the games that came out.I would recommend it!
,Recommended,215280,10967975,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,thesawolf,"**PLEASE NOTE: This review was for The Secret World and not for Secret World Legends, it will be updated soonish to reflect revised update**I will admit. I was very surprised by this MMO and originally did not think I'd ever play it. Thanks to a Steam flash sale, I purchased the massive edition (with a few extras thrown in and some of the expansions.. called Issues, btw) for my brother and myself and tried it out. It's fascinating and unique. Edgy voiceover dialogue and discussions, pretty involved quest/story lines, class-less/level-less system, nicely rendered atmospheric environments all in a modern/urban setting. Funcom did well with this so far. There's a slight learning curve and might not be the easiest or the best game to start with for an MMO newcomer. For newcomers or vets alike, stick with it. The community seemed mature, decent and helpful (at least on the server we chose). And we saw our fair share of players running around in the starting areas, the travel nexus (called Agartha), and the first mission zone we were travelling in. There were default notifications about activity in the PVP territories too, so it seems like the game (at least on our server pick) has a decent amount of traffic and population.Graphics (8-9) - DX9/11 support, FXAA, tesselation, good graphics options for the workhorses and the slow ponies. Some character models are nice looking and some are just ugly (like SOME of the NPC's.. good lord, comb that hair)Fun (9) - Puzzles, engrossing questlines, decently fleshed out NPC's, class-less/level-less, fashion options.. wide variety of playstyles supportedSound (8-9) - Fully voiced NPC dialogue/cutscenes, Random NPC voice chatter, good atmospheric mood background music, appropriate sound effects, nothing fancy thoCommunity (8-9) - Decent population sampling for areas we've explored, specific chat channels set up for things like ""Mission Hints"", etc. and rather helpful, mature, decent chatter in the channelsPerformance (8) - I have settings turned up to Ultra on my semi-beast of a machine. I got the occassional lag in some areas, that I haven't quite isolated as graphics lag or connection lag. I'm leaning towards graphics lag due to the area I was inValue (8-9) - B2P (pay for the game, don't have to pay a monthly subscription fee). There's optional membership sub for added bonuses, there's an item shop you can buy things with cash (mainly cosmetic fluff and some value-added consumables), I got massive edition for a steal on a flash sale during the summer sale 2014, but overall the pricing is good with all that's included compared to other MMOsService (8) - The account management site is a little outdated and piggybacks off the old AO account management look and feel.. not very informative or user friendly and can be confusing at times. But you don't spend alot of time in there so I won't penalize the score too much.VERDICT: So.. to sum it up, I'd give this a 8-9 out of 10"
,Recommended,215280,13767535,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zombie Guts,"This game is amazing and unique in so many different ways. It's so alternative to every other MMO with the same fantasy look and the same classes. No dialogue all cutscenes, tons of different weapons, all quests optional , good dodge system, great graphics and performance. Can't say enough about it, the most important thing would be the gameplay style, it's definitely grungy, creepy and filled with horror, so if you're a lover of all that stuff, BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,215280,16055637,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ladysharny,"This game is for those that love adventure.The story is well put together and the voice acting is brilliant.It's a very modern day MMORPG, however I'd say that it's more fun to play with other people."
76561198042031773,Recommended,215280,33057359,Posted: 30 June,all,xxclanwolfxx,"Good story, interesting quests.  A nice break from the normal level grind you find in other games.  Actually have to think about some of them, as oppossed to just collecting X amount of X animal pelt..."
,Recommended,215280,24247884,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,[UBI]SamsungNinja,"This is the MMORPG that gamers say they want. Deep story, total control over your character's appearance, interesting missions (quests), challenging, skill-based, etc.The only thing I have to say to newcomers is that you need to forget what the typical MMO has taught you about zone progression. TSW has you progress from area to area within a zone, extending the amount of time you spend in a place, and it really helps connect you to that part of the world. Each region is made up of 2-3 full zones, and each zone has 6-10 areas within it that you will progress through.Gamers have been complaining for years in other MMOs about throw-away zones that are forgettable. TSW addresses that, but the tradeoff is you're going to be spending more time in those zones.Now, let me save you the 5,000 word essay I could (and would) write on Investigation Missions. They're the single best thing I've ever seen in an MMO. It's like National Treasure and Da Vinci Code had Rosemary's Baby... and it's GLORIOUS.I can't believe a game this smart even got made.The dungeons are rich and story-driven, and look spectacular, no generic hallways filled with scaled versions of normal mobs. These are hand-crafted and very memorable.Raids/Nightmare mechanics give you a LOT to worry about, and will keep you on your toes. This is not Sinister Strike x3 > Eviscerate raiding here. The mechanics are not very forgiving, and if you screw up there's a good chance you'll just be a smear on the floor.TSW isn't afraid to remind you that while you have special abilities, you're not all-powerful :)11/10Note: Actual playtime is +200hrs or so, as I didn't initially own the game on Steam."
,Recommended,215280,26591309,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Rasp D Bugbear,"A pile of weird puzzles, intersecting storylines, and the folks running about the world trying desperately to keep or shove the genie back into the lamp. It not the greatest thing ever, but it's solid. Open character developement does leave the problem of how to advance, but it also gives you a fair bit of freedom to tool about with. The voice over quality pretty good, the little flourishes, refferences, and side stories all add to the feel of the world. It's a madcap little world, one I enjoy playing in."
76561198007772855,Not Recommended,215280,9145862,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,robtock216,"I really want to like this gameThe concept is brilliant, and the beginning of the game is intrigueing and immersive however it quickly becomes difficult for no real reason, im certainly not new to MMO's with over 15 years of experience playing a great many different titles when TSW was released i really looked forward to itin a way i like how they have tried to break the mould with ""no classes no levels"" but on the other hand its just a smoke and mirrors facade, although their are no levels im still incredibly restricted to what i can do, and despite reading up extensively online to look at skill synergies and builds that would make things easier i find it quickly became incredibely hard to play solofinding other players to break through the later starter area quests certainly isnt easy either and unfortunately dieing constantly on a single mob became tedious and anoying leading me to quickly fall out of love with what should have been a great game"
,Recommended,215280,14200474,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,MasterJcX,After the Closing of Paragon Studios and the death of City of Heroes.  There was a huge hole that I couldn’t seem to fill! Now I’m not saying The Secret World does that job but it’s pretty close.  It’s cool to find a game that has some challenging brain work such as solving some fairly hard mysteries. I would recommend this game to anyone that’s looking for a good time killer!
,Recommended,215280,22543585,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,~*Faded.Halos*~,"Love it so damn much, I played it on a free demo - and then finally got to purchase it. It's epic stuff."
76561197978500423,Recommended,215280,22784616,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Live To Tell,"It's like if The X-Files was written by Steven King and H.P. Lovecraft. It is amazeballs.But it is TOUGH. Not for people looking for a casual and laid-back playing experience.The lore and characters are brilliantly written, with fully animated and voiced cutscenes given out liberally for every major mission. They're HIGHLY entertaining, and worth sitting through. The NPC's come in a vareity of delightfully demented flavors, ranging from 'listen to the teddy bear, he knows what he's talking about' to 'we kill monsters, make them into sausages, and eat them'. This is not an exagerration. These characters literally exist in the game. It's a treasure trove of character personality.The world is a suffocatingly gloomy work of dystopian art. It LITERALLY OOZES with darkness and creepiness in places. You'll see. I lack sufficient words to describe it. You'll see.9/10 only because it's not an easy game for new players to get into. There's a helluva learning curve.But if you love the paranormal/supernatural/horror genre?Welcome home."
76561197975902658,Recommended,215280,21716230,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ieough,"I recommend this game principally based on two things: the ability to role play and the environments.If you are a vetern of mmos then you know that possibly the most important thing in an mmo is the ability to make a character which is an avatar of yourself and to be able to get into that character and role play it. If you can't do that then you are simply grinding quests into oblivion. If you can do that then ""you"" are grinding quests into oblivion but you don't care because it is fun.Now there is a relationship between your character and what you kill. The mobs in The Secret World are reasonable. You won't see any bizzare Korean mythical hybrid-fairy mobs which you could never possibly give a damn about. Or I haven't seen any yet anyways. The first mob you encounter are locals turned to zombies.I regards to roleplaying your character the game has clothing shops in one of the major cities (London) where you can play Mr Dressup and rig out your wardrobe for which ever environment you currently questing in.The environments of the game are present day environments. e.g. the first you get into after your starter city is a small town in Maine and the surrounding back woods. Running around the backwoods of Maine with a sledge hammer and pistols is in my opinion fun.Those two things in mind you should be able to get your character to the end of the game and if you do then your hours spent playing vs. cost ratio should be pretty good.Concerning combat: combat is pretty basic. You get seven slots to put abilities in. You can equip two main weapons. The game uses a combo point builder system similar to a rogue in other games. You build to five points and use a finisher (some finishers use less points). Of the seven combat slots you get it is most likely one will be used for a single target builder, two for single target finishers (one for each weapon), one for an aoe builder, and one for an aoe finisher. So of the seven comat slots you only really get two slots for whatever situational skills. It is likely one of them will be a healing skill. Consequently combat is pretty simple however if you roleplay your character it should be more than rather, rinse, repeat. You also get seven passives to compliment your seven combat abilities and these 14 together will constitute most of your theory crafting and the goal you set for the combination of skills you eventually want to achieve in your dream build. I would not recommend looking up a cookie cutter build in a forum while your are still doing the main quest but rather theory crafting your own otherwise it may become a mundane and anxious process.Concerning questing: quests come in a variety of types and the type of quest is indicated by a box symbol at the quest giver. There are your basic kill quests which never seem to get old. There are sort of covert ops quests where you have to try to infiltrate an area with minimal combat. These can get somewhat old but for the most part stay reasonably fresh. Same obstacles typically but spread out differently. Then there are investigation quests which are fun initially but eventually get very, very old. The investigation quests have two problems in general. The first is the are not necessarily solvable either through intuition or through a process of deduction. Often trying to solve them is trial and error or trying to discern the authors intent. The second problem is they can become quite laborious. Even if you know how to solve a particular part of a quest you can spend a good deal of time translating a piece of text from one language to another one letter at a time. These quests however typically give the most exp so if you want to put in the labor you can. Or you can simply look up the solution online which is very often what you will do which sort of spoils the quest because you are looking at what to do online and then doing it; often times again and again.This for the most part is the secret world: questing, roleplaying, theory crafting in modern environments. I haven't reached the endgame yet but I wouldn't expect much from it. I wouldn't consider this game a race to the end(there isn't really a level cap in this game in the traditional sense. I believe your gear has a level cap) but rather a journey where you try to milk what you can out of the content. Maybe the endgame is good I don't know I'm not there."
,Not Recommended,215280,35467581,Posted: 4 October,all,DracoMalus,"The Secret World (the original game) was always, on a technical level, a second rate game.  Unfixed bugs and glitches permeated the game from front to back and top to bottom and beginning to end.  Sadly, in this newest incarnation, Secret World Legends,  has become a third rate game from the technical aspect.  Many of the bugs and glitches from TSW have made their way into SWL and in some ways they have gotten even worse.  So on the sloppy technical side of this game I cannot recommended it.  There literally is no valid excuse for bugs that have existed from day one of TSW to still be present in the revamped SWL.But, like the TSW, the game's story, the game's setting, the game's visual appeal, and the game's lore still set itself apart from other MMOs and one should be able to recommend it base on those alone.   And, to a certain extent, the game's narrative does a lot to overcome many of the technical shortcomings.  It certainly is feasable to to play the game and deal with these bugs and glitches to experience the game's setting and lore.What really breaks this game for me now is the free to play model.  For starters the free to play model is a serious grind.  That in and of itself isn't so bad, but the biggest problem is that when you subscribe it doesn't do much to alleviate that grind.    I am half way through a one month subscription purrchase and I can say with all honesty it isn't worth it.About the only true benefit of subscribing is getting double AP/XP handed out, boosted a little bit by a 10% XP bonus.  So you get twice the AP/SP rewards (skill points to increase and progress you abilities) and you get them handed out a slightly faster intervals.  Sounds great right?  Well, it does help you progress up the skill tree faster but teh skill tree is only half the battle against the grind.The other half are weapons and talismans.  These are what actually boost the effectiveness of your skills.  Two weapons and like 6 talismans that you can gather and wear while using extras you find to fuse into your current gear to make them mor epowerful.  So no found gear ever gets wasted.  A pretty neat idea.  Subscriptions boost your ability to advance you weapons and talismans by providing you with one cache key (the games loot crates) every day.  You're  guarenteed to get something that will boost a weapon or a talisman or a glyph or a signet.  That's really not too bad either, except the cache key is a daily login reward., meaning you have to log in and claim that key every single day.  If you miss 4 days of logging in you lose those 4 keys. That is utter bull.  On top of that you can only claim the key for one character, so if you have multiple characters then all the others will get screwed.  A subscription should treat all characters you play equally and this just doesn't cut it.But the worst thing is that there are things that should be covered with a subscription that aren't.  The most egregious example is that the fastest level of sprinting, Sprinting V, can only be purchased with Aurum, the in game currency you buy with real cash.   You CAN grind for Aurum because Aurem can be bought with an excessive amout of marks of favor (currency you earn through challenges and auction house sales) but that can get to be up to a months worth of work just to get one decent thing.  You also can't increase your bank space unless you buy aurum.On top of this idiotic currency divide the outfits in the game are separated by currencies as well.  Outside of of clothing awarded by achievements clothing costs either aurum or marks of favor, but never both and teh division of what requires what seems arbitray for the most part.  In several cases to complete one whole set will require both aurum and marks of favor because different pieces of the outfit use require a different currency to buy.A subscription also nets you bonus dungeon keys, lair keys or whatever, and only an 8 hour cooldown on missions instead of like 3 days.  I find those insignificant because I don't run dungeons or lairsand the repeating of missions, which was included because of the community wanting it back in TSW, has now become an almost necessary part of progression (grinding for marks of favor and gear to use for leveling equipment).I cannot recommend Secret World Legends on the sheer fact that Funcom does not respect your time invested nor your money spent.  The setting and narrative are still as wonderful as they have always been, but no better.  The state of teh game on a technical level has seen some minor improvements in some areas, but is still mostly garbage code with bugs and glitches throughout most of the game. which you WILL run into.  You could easily expect one bug or glitch every hour, many more if you are actually paying attention.You can play this game for its setting and story alone if the story is all you want and you don't mind having to work for it a bit, but if you want more then a subscription alleviates some of that work, though nowhere near as much as it shold.My time and my money are valuable to me, but Funcome doesn't think so and refuses to respect both so I am taking them elsewhere once my current  subscription is up."
76561197994454984,Recommended,215280,33496368,Posted: 12 July,all,Mściwuj,"Edit:Some clarification: game IS free and NOTHING is closed behind paywall, NOTHING. You just need to play the game to exchange game currency for real cash currency.Skill system is dumbed dawn yes, and thats good. Old system was a nightmare grind festival to unlock skills that where useful.TSW players complain that they diden't got compensation, for what I ask? Would it be better to shut the servers dawn and say goodbye? All the real money items they ever bought where transferred with every other vanity item they ever had.After over a month of playing SWL I can say I never had so much fun in TSW.Old:Game has issues but:- 90% recent negative reviews I see for SWL are ppl that played like 1h or vets from TSW that cry that they can't play with there overpowerd characters from TSW in SWL.- you don't have to pay a cent and can buy anything from ingame real mony options by playing and exchaning quest cash for aurum (real cash) on AH- Game has bugs like every MMO, I had no game breaking one.- Story is like the best I had ever seen in any MMO or game.- Combat system is ok, no idea why ppl have problem with it.- You can start game with an item and upgrade it to end game gear. But before you even invest into it, crafting and upgrade sytem schould be so clear you will know into what items you want to invest. If not look into google for crying out loud.People cry after game went F2P and devs left The Secret World and made Secret World Legends, I understand they had there max out toons, with achivemnts, gear ect. But I just can't see how Funcom could relounch the game and make it work with ubergods of old and new players.  It's a MMO and it needs money to have severs online, I had maxed out toon in TSW with hundrets of hours but I don't care. I got my vanity items and everyting I ever paid for transferd.Yes I have to start from scrach but game is big a bit diffrent and fun like hell and I want to see how the story progreses.Play the game and look if you like it, its not for everyone but it's worth the shot."
76561198011965365,Recommended,215280,26572588,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Saint Aaron,"I played this when the game went to ""No subscription"". Let me say best part on the devs. The game gets dlc almost every 5months and the player base is still high! Great customization and the story gets really good. The enviroment is well detailed along with the player and objects. If you are looking for an online game thats great i wold recommend this one and guild wars!"
,Recommended,215280,33158413,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Smooth Ghoul,"The Secret World Legends is an MMO set in modern times where the whole premise is that myths and legends are real and it is up to you, a hero with a bee sting, and your other bee stung comrades to fight them off.This game is made by very passionate developers who have been listening to the feedback their player base have been giving them since the servers came online. The game has came a long way from the TSW and the SWL beta. The developers are still listening to the community and are doing what they can to respond to feedback the best way that they can. Secret World Legends has a great story with a very niche, passionate community. Even though the community can be a bit overwhelming at times, Everyone who is apart of the community has a passion of this game and want nothing more than for it to succeed."
,Not Recommended,215280,13061086,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Lynx,"Secret World has some of the most interesting and well thought out quest-lines that I've ever played in a game, much less an MMO. Unfotunately the poor combat mechanics, the tedious progression system and the pieced together world really drag it down."
,Not Recommended,215280,34891400,Posted: 11 September,all,Vicious1915,"The Secret World was one of my favorite games, ever.This reboot of the game gives me the same story and atmosphere that drew me into The Secret World. As a Lifetime Member and having spent quite a bit more money beyond the cost of that membership, I think it's only honest and right to confirm what the other reviews above and below this one are saying:The Secret World Legends is a cash grab. It is a final attempt to try and save the game. The aurum-based model is incredibly insulting, and the skill system changes are above and beyond terrible. (The current system is fine if you never got to experience the original skill system.)The game is still fully playable and easy to enjoy for newcomers, but as others have said, the business practices of Funcom are questionable and disingenuous to its fan-base."
76561198126945350,Not Recommended,215280,34182589,Posted: 11 August,all,smkp,"I use to love the secret world. It was my go to game when I wanted to play something with my brother. When I heard it was getting revamped I was excited only to be disappointed. Don't get me wrong its still fun but, its not for me.The good~Combat system is a somewhat nicer now.Its easier to figure out which skill set you want to go into (unless its for a weapon you don't own)Detailed story lines\ cutscene & unique character outfitsThe bad~Imo seems more grindySeems a bit p2w or at least gearned a lot to pateronsTakes awhile to unlock different weaponsCustomer support is lacklusterChannelling puzzle seem a little dumbdownSet classes nowOverall its still a fun game if you want to play an mmo and don't mind some p2w aspects. You'll just have to get around the bugs and nonexistent customer support along with grinding your way to the top."
76561197977563789,Not Recommended,215280,34118724,Posted: 8 August,all,Hunter,"Dumbing down of a once great gameWhat I always loved about TSW was that it takes you seriously. There were quests where you actually need to use your brain. If you followed a monster into the woods you had to keep your eyes open, because there were bloodstains! If you wanted to start a quest that's marked ""Impossible"", you could do it - and have the thrill of exploring far too high level ground.But all that is gone. The bloodstains are glowing blue, making them impossible to miss (admitedly, you CAN turn it off). Quests are not visible to you if the game deems you're not high enough in level - which means you cannot benefit from group play. Even the storyline stops, telling you to level before you can continue.They have taken a great game and dumbed it down into oblivion. Throw in higher hardware requirements that forces me to play the game in absolut ugly mode and you have a clear ""NO GO"". I'll go back to the original and dismiss updates."
76561197984917838,Not Recommended,215280,35169884,Posted: 23 September,all,Garland Adolis,"Once a wonderful game, ruined by a terrible F2P implementation, terrible gameplay ""simplification"", and open backstabbing of players of the original game as well as lifetime subscribers like myself. Do not purchase this game, or anything made by Funcom, unless you like wasting your money."
76561198121050752,Not Recommended,215280,34724630,Posted: 3 September,all,Grim,"Used to like this game but after switching to SWL, i had some item issues that they refuse to help with, for that alone i don't recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,215280,34788503,Posted: 6 September,all,Nezchrynliir,"This is too drastic a retooling of a game where I lost everything, and how they changed it made it unplayable to me, the fact they changed how the combat system works so you have such limited uses of abilities and the fact they wiped my old characters which I put hundres of hours into is just an insult.  They might as well have canned the game, it was fine in it's old form.  This company has lost me on this game but not some of their other games, the whole problem being that the company does not have a great track record with consistency and they tend to over time make their products seem too mediocre.Negative review for how the company disrespected it's older client base in wiping their old characters instead of adjusting them, and how they made the system for combat so limited I can no longer fight effectively with the limits on energy for moves.  Love the setting abd lore, just wish they had of left the game alone in making it F2P or kept it B2P because the game was fine as is.  Props on making all the extra content free, just some aspects now feel too forced."
76561198046992905,Not Recommended,215280,33430661,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"The Secret World flirts with brilliance and - at least, during earlier zones - looks primed to seal the deal. But, as time goes on, its seemingly bottomless bag of tricks starts to look a bit shallow. The story, world, skill system, and investigation missions definitely do their damndest to rewrite the MMO rulebook, but uninspired combat, ho-hum PVP, uninteresting late-game quests, and general clunkiness keep TSW's smartest innovations from truly shining. The reality of TSW can't quite match its lofty ambitions."
,Not Recommended,215280,34086752,Posted: 7 August,all,Space Cat,Steam says I played 75 hours. I haven't played a second of this game. This isn't TSW. ♥♥♥♥ you Funcom.
,Not Recommended,215280,34112458,Posted: 8 August,all,OmegaNine,"I was super excited for this game when I started getting emails about it.  I thought they were fixing the combat (which was always kinda bad) and adding content.  I loved the old game so when it came out and I had some time I grabbed it up.They didn’t fix anything, all they did was add weird paywalls.  Like if you want to have a Shotty/Blood character, you have to pay extra for it.  It would have been nice if they had just added a 15/m model that let you play the old way.  Plus the combat is still as laggy as ever.  I was really disappointed.  This game has so much great content, it's sad to see what they did to it though.Another “problem” is that if you bought the game you literally get nothing for having already owned a copy without the paywalls.  I think if you never played the original you might find some fun here, but in 2017 the combat system is embarrassing from a big name company like FunCom."
,Not Recommended,215280,34092322,Posted: 7 August,all,drew2319,An amazing game killed by publisher greed. Simple as that.
,Not Recommended,215280,32987612,Posted: 29 June,all,Descartes,"I played the The Secret World before it became Legends and it was a fun and enjoyable experience. The game didn't have the best or most fun combat system, but it was interesting and cool to make different builds with the different weapon types that were given to the player. The meat of the fun, though, was playing through the stories and quests. The story and atmosphere of the game was dark and Lovecraftian, which I absolutely adored, and the questing system was a blast in trying to figure out how to solve the different mysteries and puzzles. This MMO didn't feel like it was for the mass audience, but it did have a niche crowd where it fit in.Now the game is being updated to Secret World Legends and has gone from one of my favorite MMOs that I have played to one of the most disappointing. The questing system and story is still there, but game itself is very different from what it once was. Quests now have a much longer wait time before you can redo them, where before you only needed to wait a few hours for a quest to reset so you could do it again for the rewards.The combat system has been upgraded to feel more action oriented, which is a welcome change, but at the cost of making the system more ""streamlined"" and linear. Before we had the ability wheel where we could mix and match passive and active skills for our primary and secondary weapons. These skills would offer neat little synergies that would make a build more interesting and fun to play. Now all the skills no longer seem to interact between primary and secondary skills, they feel like two separate systems all together rather than an actual build that makes your class.The monetization of the game is the most egregoius offender of the game. I have to say if something doesnt change about their monetization of the game, then Secret World Legends is going to die pretty quickly. Purchasing Patron Status nets you a few benefits, but some of those benefits shouldn't be restricted if you are a F2P player. Unable to trade between players or make a Cabal (a.k.a. a Guild or Clan) is something that should be allowed or else it will start to not feel like an MMO, but rather a single player game that has other players around (think of playing Destiny without ever playing in a group). The game can also feel grindy at times, but I don't mind grindiness in my games, and downright unrewarding. Requiring keys to open dungeon chests doesn't feel good and makes running multiple dungeons unrewarding.Overall, I cannot recommend Secret World Legends in its current state."
,Recommended,215280,33743815,Posted: 23 July,all,Zoria,What I love most about this game is the atmosphere and deep immersion into missions that you receive. The launch of the Secret World legends made the combat system the best that it has ever been. The Free 2 play system is fair - anything you wish to purchase with real money can also be bought with in-game money.Im thrilled that I am playing this game once again. I think it has a bright future ahead of it.
76561198032355323,Not Recommended,215280,33063754,Posted: 30 June,all,remles,"I played TSW back when it first came out. I loved the atmosphere and theme. There were a lot of good ideas and I really wanted (and still do) to love the game, but the combat felt disjointed and took me out of the experience. Thus, I left TSW.I decided to give SWL a go and felt underwhlemed by the features I got as a ""free-to-play"" member (despite the fact that I bought all of their story content) Having bought the ultimate edition of TSW, I expected some extra perks in SWL. While it was great that my clothing got ported over to all of my character, but not being able to do something as simple as trading with my girlfriend really killed my enthusiasm for the game. Note: trading between players is available to Patrons (subscribers).I can't speak much for the combat, as I haven't gotten very far into the first area, but it seems like the combat flow has improved quite a bit. The weapon-specific mechanics can add some variety and urgency to the gameplay. After having tried about half of the classes, the abilities (not the weapon-specific mechanics) all felt very similar; they were the same mechanic, but with a different animation. You either do a single target ability doing X damage or an AOE ability doing Y damage. The only differences were the range and animation. Again, I have not gotten far into the skil tree and there seems to be slight customization options you can get later in the form of passives.As of now, I cannot recommend this game and its because of expectations. Having played many MMOs, I have come to expect features like trading between players. Having played TSW, I expected more complexity and synergy with abilities that are no longer present in SWL. Having bought the Ultimate Edition, I expected to be meaningfully rewarded which I don't feel like I have been. I guess I expected too much out of SWL and now I just feel disappointed when I really really want to love this game."
,Recommended,215280,33907274,Posted: 30 July,all,Mefu,"I played TSW since 2012, stopped after I hit lvl cap and finished transylvania. Returned for issues, but never progressed to Tokyo. I liked crafting a new build every now and then and try it out with my character, but did not do anything else particularly in TSW. For me, story/lore/world in this game is the best within all games I played even though it is a MMORPG which is a genre not really known for good stories. I will not write a in-deep review of story because I am lazy and I do not know how to do it without spoiling.What I am writing though is an invitation to the players who are interested in story of Secret World but not really want to sink time in an MMORPG. If you are interested in MMORPG aspects such as raiding, gear grinding, PvP etc, I would say go and find a better MMORPG. I would not say SWL sucks in those aspects but there are so many other MMORPGs out there which focus on those aspects and do it well, why not play those? On the other hand, if you just want to enjoy a good story, and continue experiencing updated content, and not bother with having the best gear in game, follow to the next paragraph.Main point of this rework, in my opinion, is making game easy for players who wants to just enjoy story. Combat is dumbed down, sure, but it also means it does not get in your way. You cannot mess up your build with such a simple combat/skill system. Gear leveling system is also not a stellar system but again if all you want to do is play story, you do not need to min/max how you build your gear or think hard about it. Most story missions are going to be easy and if you do all quests you will be mostly overleveled, and thus nothing will block your progress. Dungeons which also plays a part in story are  stupidly easy to do in story mode. You will still need  a group of 3 people but it does not require any roles of tank/healer/dps. You can do it with a little care for mechanics of the dungeon. Summarizing, if you want to play an RPG with a good story, this game will not require you to spend time at anything else than story.Once you reach the end of the story, only thing remaining to do is AP/SP/gear grinding and you can simply choose to not do it and wait for new story content. I have no proof or Funcom did not promise it but I do not think new story content will be blocked away from people who did not do any grinding either skill or gear wise. For example, next story event which will connect to introduction of Tokyo called ""Whispering Tide"" will not have any level requirements, and your character will be automatically buffed to required level of strength while doing that content.Concluding, people who want to check out story and world of Secret World, I would say give SWL a shot and enjoy the story. Play it as if it is a single player game with occasional multiplayer(story dungeons) or a co-op game if you want to go through story quests with friends. In the end, you can decide whether you would like to grind gear or not.P.S. I did not write anything about major problems of this game such as monetization system, skill trees, combat etc. That does not mean I do not have any problem with it, but I believe they are good enough to not prevent people from enjoying story. If you want info about those other aspects of game, I am pretty sure many people will write about it so you can just read those."
76561198007278766,Not Recommended,215280,32728863,Posted: 24 June,all,Mac,"Great game, Untill they remade it. You cant trade with anyone unless you and the person trading are both patrons. The game used to be challenging. Now its a cake walk. Very easy. Very boring."
76561197993951231,Recommended,215280,15239765,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ceelic,"A mediocre MMO, but a great single player game with social elements. You have to go into this game with a certain mindset to really appreciate it. Do you value well written quests, a well told story and an interesting setting with good characters? This would probably be right up your allyway, if you can deal with the clunky combat. If not it's best to look elsewhere.---MORE INFO---Dungeons are extremely fun and among the best I've played in any MMO game so far. Community is also among the best and is very welcoming and helpful to newcomers. Be sure to /chat join sanctuary when you log in. As I mentioned before, combat is a bit clunky and slow and it can be a bit easy to screw up your build. They added decks a while back that make it easier to follow a certain skill path that can fit what your looking for. Quests are spectacular and are not your typical MMO fare. Some of them are actually quite intellectually challenging and will have you solving puzzles and using the in-game browser to research information. The lore is also very deep and if your big on sinking yourself into a good story, there's lots to find here. End game unfortunately doesn't seem to be very big, it's more about the journey then the goal in this case.All in all, TSW is a niche title that will satisfy a certain subset of players. If what I said sounds good to you then it is definitely worth a shot. You may request a trial key over on the official forums (or here, on steam) just to try it out and see if it is for you. For a new player there is a lot to discover and do. Hope to see you in game!"
,Recommended,215280,14062886,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Vivian,"Best and most underrated MMORPG. Lovecraftian/dark fantasy/occult theme with RPG gameplay and NO subscription fee.Arguably strongest lore of any game, immersive with fantastic environments, tons of content, great community, compelling writing/characters/voice actors, fun for casual and hardcore MMORPG players. Fun single player missions as well as group raids, dungeons, and scenarios.One instance of customer support was very helpful. I am always delighted to buy content-rich expansions to the core game, which are numbered Issues (they're up to #10 now) and support the developers.One of my all time favorite games."
,Not Recommended,215280,10513973,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ouılǝɔɹɐɯ ♥,"Funcom ruined this gem.Trading is behind a paywall and then you can only trade with people behind the paywall. Everything costs massive amounts of currency to try to get you to pay to get things faster. New weapon system is like micro managing mini games. Targetting system is really wonky and only works half the time, Im glad i didnt choose a close combat class. Losing all progress if you have played the game prior to the rerelease, cus you know Funcom needs that money.I loved this game, but it looks like it is now DOA. Too bad. Uninstalled. :|"
76561198048062653,Recommended,215280,14930568,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Miko,One of the best communities in an MMO I have seen so far. The game is really fun too with a lot of interesting quests with interesting stories and some history. If gamebugs pop up they are very quick to fix them compared to a lot of others games I have seen. My friends character got bugged out so she couldnt log out and they fixed it within the hour while she was playing on another character.
,Not Recommended,215280,1189484,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Pouki,"Haha nice april fool funcom haha very funny. Can we have The secret world back please now ?2012-2016 RiP TSW, the best game i never played. Funcom you have killed your own game.SWL is b.u.l.l.s.h.i.t"
76561198029300088,Recommended,215280,22536546,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"While I Don't have many hours in, often games first impressions makes or breaks the game.  I have been intrigued by this game for years, but never really looked at it when it was first released.  Since it is F2P and the initial investment for the game is low I thought I should give it a try.  I knew from research that this was not a normal model of a MMORPG as the normal leveling model is not used.  But instead we get a Skills based game in which you control how you play and how you play it.  While I am no where near the end game I understand that synergies between skills are very important and how you build is important as you move through the Game.  The good news is if you screw up, go back do some more farming and tweak the build.You are shown a interesting opening sequence that starts the story, it takes awhile to get through, but does set up what is going on nicely.  You are treated to a breakneck speed Tutorial that gives you some basics about the game.  But if you are familiar with most other MMO's and how they work you can get through it fine without much fuss.  Then you are dumped into London and told to go off and find your HQ, there you select your first weapons and skills and are sent out into the world.This all works well and the graphics are as good, if not better then more of your standard fair MMOs.  Game play is pretty intuitive in terms of movement and combat skills, The Complications set in when you try to figure out the Skills and abilities.  However, thanks to in-game help and a good community forum I was able to select a combination of skills that would give me some good DPS and Survivability for the opening area in New England.  If you love the walking dead, you are going to really like the opening quest line.The traditional gearing up is not the same as most MMOs it uses talismans to adjust your stats, as well as your weapons, clothes are just costumes and only add cosmetic looks.  The only con is the learning curve, while a familiarity of MMOs helps, reading the forums and various guides also help, but maybe a stronger tutorial area where  you get to see things like crafting might help.All and all, if I did not have to go to work I would be still playing.  Reviews were a bit mixed on release, but the game seems to have matured and many of the issues in the early reviews have been addressed.  So my advice looking for something a bit different give it a try."
,Recommended,215280,10635920,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dr. Dunes,10/10 Investigation missions make you feel like a detective
,Recommended,215280,11323157,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,chomsky dreamcoat,Second best MMO I've ever played besides EVE.
,Recommended,215280,13644237,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tim Crap,"I know, I made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review of this 2 years ago. But I wanted to write a new one. So LISTEN UP YOU LARD♥♥♥♥♥FAT ♥♥♥♥S, BECAUSE THIS IS GOING TO BE A BETTER REVIEW THAN THE LAST ONE!So, first up you need to select a faction from the three choices that are:1)ILLU""PLEASE STOP PUTTING OUR PYRAMID IN YOUR ASSES""MINATI2)""ASSASSIN'S CREED WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH SO WE'RE BACK"" TEMPLARS3) ""CHING CHONG MOTHA♥♥♥♥A I GOT ♥♥♥♥ED BY A DONKEY"" DRAGONSDon't know if it affects anything btw.Combat: GET YOUR GUNS/MELEE WEAPONS/MAGIC AND LET'S KICK♥♥♥♥♥WITH THE FIGHTING SYSTEM THAT IS NOT PREFERABLE BUT ABSOLUTELY FUN! Basically you have to use numbers to attack enemies. While it's not necessarily preferable as I said, the developers MADE IT FUN WITH TONS OF ATTACK CHOICES BEBYYYYYMissions: Engaging. Half the time you don't even know why you do it. Oh right, BECAUSE YOU NEED THE PAX ROMANA, YOU GOTTA GET DAT PAPER BOIIIIIIIIIIIAlso they're fun to do. Even the pointless side missions. Also some of them are riddles. NOICE JOB BRUCE WAINMusic: Unfortunately I end up listening to my own music whenever I play video games so I cannot tell you anything apart from the fact that some say it's good.Conclusion: It's free, so go ahead and try it. You won't regret it YA PIECE OF CHING CHONG ROOSTER CRAP!"
76561198137604134,Recommended,215280,26417478,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hrenli,"It's definitely an interesting game. Not for everyone. I will not go into the details (there are tons of a very good reviews already), just add my own opinion.I like that I have to read/listen the quests and think. I like that I can select how much I have to think (investigation mission might be too much after a hard day in the office, for example, but I can skip those to the time when I feel like scratching my head in puzzle). I like the story, voice-overs and atmosphere in general. Combat system is not extraordinary, but fun enough to explore and combat itself is not boring.The system requirements for a decent performance are a bit tough, considering what you get in visuals. The price of the whole package (base game + all the DLCs) might be a bit steep. I am not sure how much fun is the ""end game"" - doesn't look to me as a lot right now.So, overall - worth to take a look if you want something different from ""most other MMOs"" and if you like story-driven gameplay. During the sales on the base game it becomes ""must try"" option in my eyes. :) Just be sure to check system reqs (should be no problem for a reasonable _gaming_ rig, but be careful if you have something more office-oriented or old. ""SWTOR runs on my machine fine"" doesn't mean TSW will)."
76561197971320757,Recommended,215280,15466680,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,nwn2112,"A game where the story shines. The lore is indepth as any early Bioware game. In game graphics are great. Excellant voice acting. Cut scene CG, meh. I have spent over 350 hs in the game with only one character. Between SWTOR, Diablo III, Guide Wars 2 and the Secret World, I hardly have time for my console games.Character creation and skill/ability wheel is easy to use. By the end of the original issues (1,2 and 3) your 2 favourite weapon abilities will be maxed and you can use your further abilty points to invest in different weapons.Then you will get the use of an auxillary weapon and now with issue 9, you get the AEGIS system.Bottom line. If you like the X-files and supernatural themes, this is the game for you."
76561198029669010,Recommended,215280,12853040,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,King ¡JEB!,"It has a unique setting, great atmosphere, challenging/unique puzzles in the form of investigative missions, it's free... and unlike GW2, it doesn't crash my comp.Gotta say, my only major gripe is the questing system (can't cancel quests by the look of it, can only have -five- total with -one- main quest and 3 side quests, along with one overarching ""zone"" quest) and the fact that the character creation options can be kinda -eh-.Still, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,215280,25573877,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,I love the dark feel more an mmo and the fact that some of the quests you need to figure out rather than just kill x ammount of zombies.
76561198004980955,Recommended,215280,14412593,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Petrothian,"wooooo, where to start?find myself sucked in the story and do EVERY SINGLE QUEST (oh god, 160 hours and still >.>)because I like the story.one of the few places where topics can be mature without the heavy violence/sexbut yes.this game is not for those who can't sit down and do alot of reading."
,Recommended,215280,14631124,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","A very hard game to explain..... Imagine if every conspiracy theory was true (they all are anyways, so...) this game is an imagining of the innerworkings of the illuminati, dragons, and templars, with some of the best story cutscenes I've seen in any game, and I'm baffled at character customization as it's so indepth."
76561198048423853,Recommended,215280,29026455,Posted: 4 January,all,Holdmypoodle,"If you want a game like WoW that holds your hand, throws loot at you, and doesnt require you to think...this game is not for you.9.5 / 10- Only thing that bothers me about the game is the (B) Search window utility, sometimes bugs out and doesnt work...not game breaking, this is what google is for, but mildly irritating."
76561198101868447,Recommended,215280,33093471,Posted: 1 July,all,come718,The story and rp community within this game make it well worth a look should you be interested.
76561198036233434,Not Recommended,215280,15485224,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,hushicho,"All the urban legends and conspiracies are true! The Secret World pits players against horrors beyond belief, in scenarios inspired by classic film and fiction. The premise is exciting, but is it worth playing? Well...in a word, no. But that's a rating I need to clarify.It does have some interesting areas, enemies, stories, and especially the unique experience/ability/skill system. The voice acting is generally good. There's plenty of tongue-in-cheek, which helps it not to take itself too seriously when it shouldn't. And what music it has is very good.It's easier for me to talk about where I feel TSW failed. First and most importantly of all, the factions are all horrid packs of asslords that you will not like...how original. I understand they're going for 'realism' -- which, to clunky writers means 'unlikeable people' -- but it's been done to death, and here it just puts new players off. They're instantly confronted by people they have no real reason to do anything but work against, no matter who they pick. Given, after the introductory missions, you won't have to deal directly with your faction very much at all for long periods of time, but making it a pillar of the game itself was a mistake.I think it's a major problem of MMOs that so many have resorted to shoehorning characters into militaristic factions that not only don't make sense but aren't appealing, and it doesn't even matter the setting; they still do it regardless. If this really needed to be a part of the game, it should have been closer to endgame where a player chooses, based on interactions up to that point, which faction they will support. TSW's premise is one that would just work so much better if the player were an unaffiliated character, slowly figuring out the factions and figures behind the scenes, perhaps communicating with unknown parties...unknown until much later in the game. With how little part faction plays for quite some time, it really would have been much better to take that approach, as well as more suspenseful and engaging.As for writing, it's absolutely awful. The introductory missions are so abysmal they're often embarrassing, and some of them are offensively sophomoric or uncomfortable in clearly unintended ways. Characters are obnoxious 'just because', and they're not even believable or realistic in their presentation. It's pretty much a mass collection of people you are designed to dislike, which destroys any real willing suspension of disbelief.The character development systems are interesting and robust, but even though skills and abilities are given video tutorials, there are other systems in the game that players are left to sink or swim. Items accumulate in the inventory without explanation, and even though a shop presumably for kits to use them can be encountered, no effort is taken to explain. Similarly, certain gameplay mechanics go utterly unaddressed, such as dropping missions you don't want to complete (you can't, only replace them), or how the game expects you to approach the stealth-oriented missions (which it only informs you are stealth-oriented and gives you no real information on how they're different).And speaking of those stealth missions, avoid them like the plague. While the battle system and skills/abilities are actually refreshing and robust for the most part, the game is not nearly solid enough to even remotely allow for the kind of precision and demanding that they require. There are also a number of occasions where a player will find himself instantly blown up, with no explanation as to why or how it could be avoided. Nothing is explained about these overly picky missions, and they're frustrating and worthless. They don't fit in TSW anyway, but there's no effort to introduce them to the player, and as a result they just end up even less likeable.The tracker is okay, if a bit too approximate. It'll lead you to the area, but highlighting of key interactive objects is very poor, meaning you might pass by an essential item a few dozen times before happening to notice it. While I understand the need for not making the objects too incongruous, they end up being annoyingly hard to find and blend into the scenery. It would be nice to have an option to make the objects more noticeably highlighted.Speaking of options, it would also be nice to have the option for subtitles when people speak, for those of us who are hard of hearing or simply can't understand what some of the voice actors are saying. Sometimes there are subtitles, sometimes there aren't...There are no recovery items or boost items that are made clear initially either, so it can be a bit overwhelming for new players to become used to what's going on. The introduction to battle, a dream sequence common to each faction, doesn't really help much and, like the rest of the intro sequences, is incoherent and fairly useless except for raising questions it has no intention of answering.The game itself is something that can be enjoyed if you can tune out the poorer aspects of it. Battle is usually fun. Exploring the environments is enjoyable, and they're given a lot of personality. The player characters aren't super-customisable, but they're not bad. If you avoid the stealth missions, most of the others are fun. The stories of the locations -- what I'd really call 'modules' or 'regions' -- are pretty interesting, even if the overarching story is the opposite.TSW is one of those games that has such potential, but it doesn't actually manage to achieve much of it. It's frustrating perhaps most of all because if you can see that potential, it's terrible to see it fail again and again to actually get there. The result is a mediocre game that I can't really recommend to anyone without a lot of caveats and disclaimers. If you really want to try it, get it on sale and give it a try. I just can't guarantee you'll think much of it other than an occasional time-waster with pretensions it isn't able to back up, and that's a pity because it could have been something so much more special."
,Recommended,215280,33913268,Posted: 30 July,all,AgentPi,"It's free and the story is great. Recommend to try. Graphics is still old and combat may still suck, but its still pretty good IMO(it doesn't affect the story which is what's really important). You do not have to purchase anything in this game to enjoy  it (you sould only buy stuff if you want to support the dev and have extra cash lying around. Also the stuff from lockboxes are crap and you can get most stuff by playing the game.). New areas after tokyo is planning to be released in the future. Recommend to play casually."
,Not Recommended,215280,33957112,Posted: 1 August,all,Apotheosis,"The story is really cool, the combat is decent... and thats about it.I really wanted to love this game, and I was hyped for the relaunch, but as a long time MMO player who loves multiplayer RPG games; I just cant get behind this game. There is ALOT in the game you HAVE to pay for - and being a subscriber does NOTHING to change it. I dont mind f2p games with some restrictions as long as you can subscribe to get access to the whole game. The subscription model is a joke, and its just as expensive as other MMOs where you get full access.The thing I love most about MMOs and mulitplayer RPGs are the end game, and how competative and rewarding replayability is. In this game its ♥♥♥♥ing HORRIBLE. People will defend the pay2win model by saying that free2play player can get the same gear... but it will take FOREVER. Those who pay for power will ALWAYS be ahead - and that is just something you dont want in your multiplayer game. Playing this game past the leveling (story) wont feel rewarding at all.My recommendation is to not give the game a shot at all, because you will like it to begin with - and be super disappointed when you start to release how bad thing will get. It doesnt seem like Funcom will try to change the system either. I feel so bad for the creative artists who work there."
,Recommended,215280,14389777,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sasquatchman,You made a game that is so addictive that I just can't stand that my friends are not also playing it.
76561198199186954,Recommended,215280,33106029,Posted: 1 July,all,Alexsai,"Game is amazing. It's very unique and stunning and mysterious and frightening and cerebral. It's so visually appealing a lot of times I'm working or doing something I have to do and I just stay on the game and wander around as much as I can exploring and playing low key because it is so interesting. But really, to me it just feels good to be there in this very unique modern environment that is quite enchanting. The game brings out emotions and reactions that I find at times very stimulating (like fear) and at other times quite thought provoking - It's as if one can imagine what it would feel like to live in these regions and suffer and battle through real life challenges (like zombie apocolypse!) The new loot and gear upgrade system in Legends makes way more sense than the way it use to be, I'm going to enjoy them. The new combat system in Legends feels better to me so far also but I'm not a power player by any stretch of the imagination so make your own judgement.  SWL and TSO are the only games I play. I bought a lifetime membership a year or two ago for this one and I'm really glad I did."
76561198242851962,Not Recommended,215280,34229556,Posted: 13 August,all,FreezingFox,they changed so much and the new controlls suck and they changed the weapon system and everything its now a pile of trash i used to love this game.....
,Recommended,215280,4510450,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Hellbeholder,"""The Secret World"" is an MMO-RPG unlike every other.Besides clever quest-design, with nice dialogs and actual interesting informations, the game got intense dungeons in different difficulties, a universe of skill-possibilites, to choose the most effective playstyle for you - and REAL riddles, which you have to solve with help of your ingame-internet-browser.When you got bored of all the other MMO's gamedesigns, TSW might give you a fresh and exciting experience."
,Recommended,215280,10521331,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,AventusBlue,I had to commit suicide in order to find the ghost of a murder suspect. 10/10
76561197972753004,Recommended,215280,12277483,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nsist,"This game is a true Gem. The puzzle investigation quests are made for more than the average smart guy. Zombie-fest, goverment conspiracies and just plain folk like in the Walking Dead trying to survive.Millions of ways to customize your character, as the talent trees are fully learnable by your character. which gives endless possibilities to the way you want to play.Story is deep and rich. Grabbing a quest, and not reading it could spell death to you. Or just get you plain stuck.I would recommend this game to anyone who loves RPGS and want like a elite challenge.It's good Solo, and Instance runs are great too. Always a secret somewhere in the mix."
76561198039463852,Recommended,215280,33237507,Posted: 4 July,all,Kirkland Langue,"To be honest, it's probably the best MMO out there - stuffed into a buggy and ugly shell that has awful controls.The atmosphere in the game is very good.  The Character ""skill trees"" are well done and unique. The graphics are pretty good. The game is LOADED with nearly impossible puzzles that you'll end up googling the answer to, but even having to google the answers will just add to the atmosphere and the intrigue. The missions feel like you are taking part in the game world, and not just fetching stupid random items.I played the game 2 years ago, started during a Halloween event without realizing that it was an event - absolutely LOVED the atmosphere that the radio broadcast event brought to the starting area.  And then experienced the XMAS event and nearly threw up with how much awfulness it was.    Quit playing at that point, decided to reinstall with the relaunch.  Getting my account ""back"" was more difficult than it should have been,  and I have no idea what changed except there are far fewer players.It's not a game for 12 year olds, they probably wouldn't enjoy it because of the underlying complexities to the story and puzzles, but if you are looking for a thoughtful MMO and are willing to deal with a horrible UI, then you should give this a try."
76561198005400543,Recommended,215280,33121637,Posted: 2 July,all,leovinous,"I have owned this game sense its launch, before it went to steam, I am also a lifetime member for it. The re-work that they have done to it. IMHO the combat rework is alright it addresses some issues that i have had with the game. The story is the same, but it is very consumeing, puzzels are not overy hard, a couple i had to look up. (one involes musical notes...) Funcom is still tweeting that F2P model some, hopefuly it will find a good medium."
76561198098177594,Recommended,215280,9762130,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,❤Librarian♥Ⓜⓘⓐ♥♏,"Great game, easy to play, great graphics and story, challenging and fun quests, pay only once and great to play with others (possible to play alone, at least for a while).Definitely recommended. XD"
,Not Recommended,215280,35194690,Posted: 24 September,all,RAWCATS,The Secret World was an amzing game. This legends crap is a lazy cash grab. You'll notice that recent reviews are almost all negative... the only good ones are from the old game.Save your time and money and shame on Funcom.
,Not Recommended,215280,35195624,Posted: 24 September,all,The Protagonist,"I played this game in the past when it was TSW and here is what I remmeber.>interesting story>Difficult gameplay but rewarding>great combat>worked great with friends, sometimes it was a necessity> open world and could mostly pick and choose where you wnated to go in the worldNow the Secret World Legends>asking for money at every corner>screws over TSW original players (original three slots are not present) have to pay for things that were orignaly in the game.>gameplay is SOO much more simplifed now.>Very linear quest system>Charcter progression is pretty standard no nuanceI very rarley get into MMOs and this is part of the reason why. Why invest time in something that can just be taken away server side and you can't do f all about it. Its soured my view of MMos and the game industry in generalLong story short : If you are new and have no Idea of what TSW once was or what it was shapping up to be then SWL probably won't bother you much, but if you left this game for a few years and are a TSW player like me wanting to come back, you might want to rethink it becuause all that is of any worth here is the story.Too bad Ill never get to experience the illuminati side of it though becuase I have to pay to do that and erase the charcter I already have making progression worthless, unlesss you spend real money to buy digital content THAT CAME WITH THE ORIGNIAL GAME  thanks for taking away what i originaly payed for, F FUNCOM"
,Not Recommended,215280,33111514,Posted: 1 July,all,Ghosty the Ghost,"This review is for Secret Worlds Legends not The Secret World. At this point I can't recommends Secret Worlds Legends. The Steam page downloads the classic version of the game not Secret World Legends being one of the major problems at the moment preventing players from using the more common payment options aside from credit cards. The major problem is the f2p model is extremely bad at current. The major currency used for everything important (Mark of Favour) is hard capped for f2p players obtained through daily challenges and is a massive amount needed just to unlock the different weapons. It is also used for upgrading your inventory and upgrading your sprint speed. While there is an exchange for turning the paid currency (Aurum) into Marks of Favor and marks into Aurum the costs of Aurum only purchases are very high, the first bank upgrade cost a little less then $10 in Aurum for only 12 slots. Other then the terrible f2p model I would whole heartedly recommend the game, the story is incredible and the game is well writen. There are tons of quests and achievements, difficult raids, large maps to explore. So if you can ignore the paid problems, its a great game."
76561198095723091,Recommended,215280,33139859,Posted: 2 July,all,mrgiggles007,"While still in its infancy, this rerelease of TSW does deliver on its promise to streamline the story and general questing. For those who have read reviews referring to the game as a ""cash grab"" or other derrogatory terms, the best advice I can give you is to try it yourself. It's free, and the restrictions on free players is minimal compared to other titles. Additionally there are some tweaks coming soon™ that aim to address some of the less than pleasant experiences many folks had in the first week of the release."
76561198013827177,Recommended,215280,33226441,Posted: 4 July,all,Dat Liqu,"Do you like puzzles? Conspiracy theories? Mysteries? Urban ghost stories? AND some shootyshooty pewpew? Well, step right up, because this game is amazing. Sure, the combat is fairly slow, the graphics aren't the best, but there is so much good about this game! It teaches you to use your noggin' :D Not many mmo's do that.Go.Play it."
,Recommended,215280,15861383,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bubs,"Dungeons are fun.Tacos.You can be Illuminati.Buying issues aren't necessary but i'd highly recommend you do. They're spooky as heck.'Similar mechanics/combat to Guild Wars 2' - Everyone.Really immersive, no classes or levels.Horse mask in item store.ILLUMINATI.TACO HATS.PLAY THIS GAME, NERDS."
,Not Recommended,215280,35342463,Posted: 30 September,all,Authentic Hater,"Words cannot express how much potential this game had, the creative talent of Ragnar Tørnquist, nor how far it has fallen. I will never trust a Funcom title again."
76561198077253998,Not Recommended,215280,32128180,Posted: 2 June,all,Lichii,Reviews here are for The secret world and not Secret world legends. Do not be fooled.
76561198024785321,Recommended,215280,33531823,Posted: 14 July,all,Xenodi,"Brilliantly themed game world. By far best story written into computer game after Planescape Torment. This game is a masterpiece of digital art. However, game mechanics are still not perfect. SWL combat is better than in original TSW but there are still enormous work to make it more fluid and fun. It is better but as action RPG it is mediocre at best. SWL is more accessible. If you love RPG's with good story you should give a try for this game."
76561197995793240,Recommended,215280,33169608,Posted: 2 July,all,siriuspsyche,"Secret World Legends is an addicting jump down into an epic rabbit hole of conspiracy, myth, secrets, brain melting puzzles, and fun action.I really enjoyed this game when it was just The Secret World, now, with the reboot as Secret World Legends it had gotten a much needed facelift. Don't kid yourself, it's still an older game, but now it plays and feels much better."
,Recommended,215280,33686835,Posted: 20 July,all,Giulia Pharalis,"To begin with, you have three factions to choose from: The Templar, Illuminati, and Dragon.Each of these three factions oppose each other and have their own starting locations, but come together for a common cause.The Templar are holy crusaders, pure and simple, the Dragon are skilled in the art of chaos, and the Illuminati wish to amass wealth and power, no matter how they have to go about doing it.No matter which of the three factions you chose you basically go through the same thing in terms of getting the game off the ground.You begin by realizing you have special powers and attempt to use them before being visited by someone related to your own faction.You have three different types of weapons: blades, firearms, and magic, and each of those has about three weapons you can pick to start the game with.You’ll have the option to try out every category to try and determine which one suits you best.While you can carry two weapons at once when the game really gets going, this is where you’ll choose your starting weapon.At first you’ll only get a few little quests here and there to kind of help progress the story and get your feet wet a little more than the tutorial did, but soon you can have up to five quests at once: one Story Quest, two Main Quests, and three Side Quests.The Story Quest is the quest line that follows the game’s overall plot, the Main Quests are generally side quests limited to your own faction, and the actual Side Quests are quests that anyone can do and typically involve things like sabotage and researching information.For me, the highlights of The Secret World are the skill and ability points.There are no experience levels in this game per-se, but after you gain so many experience points you can gain ability and skill points (you’ll gain ability points faster than skill points), and they function just like they sound for the most part.You can spend your ability points to gain access to new abilities that you can use in combat.The game has supposedly over five hundred abilities to choose from, with the abilities specializing in the different weapons and magic that you can equip, but you can only have seven active and seven passive abilities in use at one time, so it’s all about finding the right combination for the job.On top of that, you have to buy them in sequential order within their categories, and the better abilities will obviously cost more points.If you've been looking for an MMO to check out, definitely give The Secret World a shot.While it's not perfect, it's still a fun game with a unique way to improve your character, truly making him or her whatever you want them to be."
76561198073821634,Recommended,215280,13732582,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Teddybear Clem,its fun but my junky laptop canr run it smoothly
,Recommended,215280,14763909,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Acetone,"[I run the game outside of Steam so you may not see here that I have spent hundreds of hours playing it.]Where do I even begin describing it? The Secret World is a special game, a truly unique and rare beast. You will most probably either fall in love with it and become obsessed, or you will hate it and never want to think about it again. If I had to describe it in a single sentence I'd say that it's like an old shop hidden in an obcure part of town that is full of antique treasures as well as cheap forgeries. There is magic and beauty to be found, and there is the mundane and ugly.In a way it destroyed other MMOs for me completely. The lore and atmosphere are absolutely unmatched in the ""genre"" and have little competition in gaming as a whole. It is one of the few games which you can call ""mature"" and there are a few reasons for that. Gameplay mechanics and group content don't lend themselves to mindless smashing. Hardcore puzzles demand brain power of a seasoned adventurer and scholar. Dark subject matter and numerous popcultural references cannot be appretiated without familiarity with at least some classic books and movies, which usually comes with age. I have never encountered a childish behaviour from any of the players. Even young or less patient people seem a bit nicer than in your usual MMO and you can feel a sense of wonder emanating from them.How you react to what The Secret World has to offer depends very much on your gaming and... yes, I'm gonna say it... life experience. If you are seeking a virtual place you can inhabit and keep coming back to, that can be a catalyst for unique social interactions and gaming experiences no matter how much of the content you have cleared, The Secret World is very likely a game for you. If you are a kind of MMO player that values super-polished gameplay, meaningful loot drops and item progression with attractive, repeatable end-game content above all other components, you will be gravely disappointed.It's not to say that there's no good loot/grind to be found. I ran group ""dungeons"" countless times and for some weird reason I still want to do more of them, even though I never liked repeating the same content over and over in other MMOs. ""Dungeons"" are among the best you can find in online games today - locations are beautiful and atmospheric, enemy encounters are interesting and demanding. I aknowledge however that many people will find the amount of group content to be lacking.Your enjoyment also depends on how much are you willing to invest. Steep learning curve, importance of logical thinking and puzzle-solving skills coupled with an overwhelming collection of skills and gameplay that's never broken but only solid at best can scare many potential players. However you can make a really strong argument that those are the game's big strengths, keeping impatient people and ""kids"" out, while giving more demaning players meat they can sink their teeth into. I for one, though not much of a puzzle-solver, really appreciated ancient mysteries that had to be cracked and eventually became familiar with the complex skill system.The Secret World wants you to observe, listen and think. To let go of the real life and immerse yourself in its dreamlike vision. Yes, it will frustrate you many, many times, but its shortcomings always stem from its desire to engage more than just your fingers on the keyboard, but also your mind, personality and imagination."
76561198063597942,Recommended,215280,12922181,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,BragonWagon,"I had bought this game on steam on sale this past holloween for $10...$10 well spent. Yes the combat can be a little bit annoying at first, but its definitely not the worst. The games combat feels clunky at first, especially if youre used to target ,right click, followed by hotkey presses here and there like WOW or GW2, but once you get the hang of it, its actually a lot better than some F2P MMO's or even payed ones too. The setting feels refreshing and new, the story is well played and the limit on the amount of quests you can have at a time allow that story to be noticed (til this day i can shamefully say i have no idea what the story is about in WOW). the fact that there is no leveling or even a class system is a very bold move for an MMO and kinda shows ESO how this system should've been implemented in some sort, as thats how Elder Scroll games are supposed to be, yes skyrim is the only one with absolutely no class system but even earlier elder scrolls titles gave you the option to create your own class to your liking, which is what TSW does very well. also one thing you either love or hate is the option to change and reassign set skills, to hardcore rpg or mmo players, having those choices engraved forever means you have to choose wisely and level your toon very carefully, that is the challenging factor that makes a good game, however the other end adds flexibility for newbies, and expands ever changing features where you wouldnt have to start a new toon to experience said features. The games graphics are rather poor for a post 2010 game, however this is where accessibility is brought into the picture. Realistically, not everyone has a top of the line computer, so with that said it can run on most PCs. Now since im fairly new to this game (but not to the MMO genre) i didnt experience that many bugs in the game, so its fairly polished at this point, but i did hear horror stories in the beginning.Overall this game is a great MMO, its combat is an ""either you love it or hate it"" situation, Graphics are poor but not terrible, its not perfect and to some it might be dull, but if youre tired of playing MMO's that desperately copy the WOW formula or are in a over-used J.R.R. Tolkien cookie-cutter fantasy, then give it a shot, if youre still not convinced, wait for it to go on sale"
76561198018972944,Recommended,215280,12112918,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Maledictae,"The only MMO that holds my attention. The investigations, puzzles and freedom with regards to character class and abilities make this game deeply interesting. If you like MMO's and are sick of WoW and it's clones, look into this game."
,Recommended,215280,12196553,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Heretic,"While not amazingly visually stunning, the gameplay itself is quite enjoyable for an MMO. The quests are a bit more challenging - especially the investigation ones - Hope you like googling Latin :)The storyline itself is what keeps me playing, I have not skipped a single video sequence - quite a rarity for me. Even the mission/quest vids help the storytelling along by setting the appropriate drama/horror feel.It is quite an intrigiuing storyline, although each of the ""Chapters"" seems to independant of each other. Each Chapter storyline is never truly ""wrapped up 100%"" so that you are always left wondering if there is going to be more content to keep fleshing out that particular section.I also like the ""open class"" system, a lot of variety to ""play your way"" instead of being restricted to specific builds. The ability to Load and Save your preferred combinations is a great idea and allows flexibility for gameplay.It is easily solo-able with a number of different healing ""weapons"" available to create a survival build, although in the early sections if you can pump out enough damage, you can usually stay alive against all but the larger mobs.And the best thing?? No subscription and no crippled Pay-to-Play interface like SWTOR.All of the game content is available to play, with DLC addons availble (callled ""Issues"" )In my opinion, is one of the better models for Free-to-Play out there, as it has survived remarkably well against other titles that went free-to-play.Regarding 5-man dungeons - I recommend ALWAYS playing as a DPS. Tanking and healing are a pretty big deal and you have to be geared in a very specific way. You will also cop it from the whole group - as you won't be able to finish the dungeon if you aren't set up properly. Best left to the more experienced players until you start reading the forums on how to gear correctly for the roles.All in all I give this game 9/10.For what this game provides, it is highly entertaining and keeps me coming back to play it.More fun in a group, but easily played as a solo with a bit of forethought.Once again, not amazingly graphically stunning, but I don't need all the ""pretties"" to have fun playing a game.Read below only if you would like to know a little more about the paid DLC available for The Secret World (""Issues"") that can be bought in-game***UPDATED September 2014***I have recently purchased the additional ""Issues"" and am really enjoying the new storyline content.********CONTAINS SPOILERS*********Issue #5 was full of great additional storyline - great narrative from ""Tyler Freeborn"" and a great spooky ending.Loved the Indiana Jones ripoff quest (with Ark of the Covenant, rolling boulder and the new Whip auxilliary weapon) in Issue #6Issue #7 was very tongue-in-cheek with numerous ""spy film"" references and tropes.The action was great and I finally got to ride my own vehicle, A Snowmobile! ( if only for about 4 minutes lol)The storyline was in-depth and intriguing and I enjoyed the ""reveal"" near the end (although I had already kind of guessed)Plus you get the Flamethrower aux weapon, what's not to like!!!Issue #8 I am not really a fan of so far. I may change my mind later on, but it defintely feels like it is filler content.I'm guessing Funcom was pressured to make more end-game content, so they came up with 3 grindy ""Scenario simulations"" that you can play repeatedly at different levels of difficulty.My guess was players wanted something to play while their Nightmare Dungeon runs were on cooldown. Unfortunately, the scenarios have cooldown timers as well!!I purchased a Tokyo pass from a vendor, which delighted me that I did not have to grind the scenarios for it ( I believe you need to purchase the Sidestories: Further Analysis to be able to do this)Issue #9 TOKYO!! A whole new area with an additonal level of difficulty.All enemies now have ""shields"" and you have to match your damage type (AEGIS) to that particular shield type to be able to damage it.The major drawback is that swapping between the 3 AEGIS damage types while in combat will disable your ability to attack for 5 seconds while you change them over!!!I found Tokyo quite challenging, even the trash mobs tend to kill you if you arent prepared (eg having the right AEGIS powers equipped beforehand)The quests were quite entertaining and now that the ""Pagan Sidestories"" have been released, there is even more content to play in Tokyo before Issue #10. (Issue #9 without the Sidestories was a little sparse on repeatable quests)Unfortunately as this area is purely end-game content, ""grindy"" elements have come into play- repeating the missions to purchase upgrades for your AEGIS powers and grinding mobs to upgrade the ""research"" levels on the AEGIS controllers.Once again, some great pop-culture references from some of the NPCs made me laugh quite a lot.Can't wait for Issue #10 now."
,Recommended,215280,13559968,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,[gbx]BangleTiger,"Possibly one of my favorite online games of all time. Join the secret world and unravel the truth behind this modern-day MMORPG. But know that it's so much much more than another cookie cutter MMO. Classless, it encourages you to think outside of the box in solving combat situations. And the story is as thought provoking as it is engaging, taking you through a slew of uniquely-spun takes of myths and legends that would leave the brothers Grimm proud."
76561198000252511,Recommended,215280,1957501,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Sosino,Truely worthy MMO with a fantastic community and well written story.  Music is very atmospheric and game is well balanced.  Prepare to lose sleep on this.
76561198068108329,Recommended,215280,16539375,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sapphire,"I don't often write game reviews, but The Secret World compels me to write one.First off, the virtual world is incredibly detailed and the atmosphere really does fit the theme of a creeping horror. Very Lovecraftian in most places. The cut scenes are always worth watching.It isn't a game for those with short attention spans, the missions are designed to be solved like a puzzle and the clues are often hard to spot if you aren't paying attention. Sure some seem like the standard kill x monsters, but the Lore and backround built into them does make it very different from the usual MMOs.The in-game community is very friendly too. There's never any awkwardness about asking for help - sometimes there'll be offers of aid in general chat, so even if you're shy about asking complete strangers, there's plenty of opportunity to voice your questions then. Chances are, someone else could be stuck on the very same mission and you'd be helping them out too."
,Recommended,215280,14411735,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Zorvax,"I've really been enjoying the game so far. There's a lot of exploring and side missions to do. It's a bit buggy at times but stable overall. I've been leveling with the Assault rifle and pistols so far, it's really fun to have the real life/fantasy combo."
76561198063864025,Recommended,215280,16429155,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kardia,"The Secret World (TSW) is the first MMORPG that kept my attention long enough for me to actually reach the max level of the game.To a lot of people that's probably an easy task - but a lot of these styles of games are a grind. TSW, however, is not any ordinary game. It's smart, it's terrifying, and its action packed. The story is a unique blend of action, adventure, and horror, and I can promise you that you’ll never be bored if that’s your kind of thing.The gameplay is unique in the fact that you can play all the major roles on the same character. This means ideally that you only need one character in the game – but they still give you three slots if you want one character for each faction. You have to pick and choose your build, only having a select number of ability and passive skill slots at any given time. It makes you think, and you have to adapt to different situations.So far the game has a lot of replay value in the dungeon content, along with the ability to repeat any mission you’ve done. They also have some really cool season specific events around Halloween and Christmas which make the atmosphere even better.As for end game content, I’m still working my way in getting there. I’ve just finished issue #8, and will be venturing into the new Tokyo issues very soon.If you’re looking for a normal run of the mill MMORPG – this isn’t for you. If you’re looking for a challenge, and value story - pick this up. You won’t regret it."
,Recommended,215280,13639955,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,riningear,"(HEY! If you just bought this game in the sale, there's some noob tips at the end of this to help your experience!)If you want your 100% typical MMO experience, where you have to skedaddle your way through highly-obvious grinds and lock into a class and settle on things, don't play this game.The Secret World (TSW) is a game that obviously experimented in every field of MMO gameplay for the sake of standing out. And in my honest opinion, it worked out.The first thing you'll notice is the missions. They did a really,reallygood job on the missions. You're pretty much taken on a journey from the second you're forced to find your way to your chosen faction's HQ. By the way, Factions only affect main storyline, pre-made decks, where your HQ is, and PVP by the way. A lot of people use them for roleplaying purposes. You can do most non-faction quests regardless of faction.All main missions and ""storyline"" missions are fully voice-acted, and you'll fall in love (or hate) with many of the characters. Plus, they're all pretty well-written; the game really stands by its mantra of ""Everything is True,"" and it shows. In terms of objectives, the missions are always similar, but not the same. There are some ""investigation missions"" that are basically like a giant mystery, involving real-world research and thinking outside of the box. That's also paired with some ""stealth"" missions, plus your typical MMO missions; honestly, though, you'll only realize you're grinding if you pull yourself out of the immersion.Speaking of grinding, the class/role system, if you can even call it that, is unique but fun. Basically, you're only given a choice of weapons that accomplish different roles, and it's up to you to figure out the best way of building up your character. Andeverythingdepends on your weapon choices. Although it seems complex at first, once you figure out the role of each weapon - and they aren't always what you think - you can easily find a play style that suits you. I've seen other MMOs try the ""choose-your-path"" style of role-building, but none quite work as naturally as this.The fighting is something that you either absolutely love or despise. Paired with the weapon system, it can prove complex for newer players. There's a lot of kiting, which they honestly never really talk about; you just have to figure it out on your own. But with practice and the right set of character abilities, it's something you can get used to.The endgame stuff isn't as easily achievable as one may think. Here's the thing - the $30 set is the ""base game,"" and then for $10 each after, you can buy extensions to the game that give you more plot. The good news is that I hear nothing but good about these ""Issues,"" as they call them, like ""issues"" of a comic book or magazine. The developers clearly intend on putting out high-quality, entertaining content (with some good diversity, if I may add). The bad news is that there's alotof this content, and without getting a hold of it, the endgame community may seem a little isolating.I do have to talk about the community and support. Two words: Absolutely unmatched. All of the veterans are really noob-friendly (as far as I've seen), and many come back for their ""nightmare mode"" (endgame difficulty) and extra missions, but stick around and will answer questions and even do dungeons. There's a sizeable roleplaying community that has a lot of great events and great people, and it may drag out your TSW experience (like it did for me) and keep you engaged.The developers are the icing on the cake. Sweet, rich buttermilk icing. Although they are largely hands-off, they lurk in the forums and roleplaying communities and keep an eye out for the players. (We're pretty sure they cracked a joke about one of our roleplaying characters at some point in the last week.) They have a ""monthly director letter"" where they chat about progress and upcoming events and content, as well as their intentions behind everything.And they're dorks. Complete and utter goddamn dorks. Their selection of cash-shop clothing, their absurd number of pop culture references, the Lovecraftian air of the starter section, and some of their missions. What a bunch of dorks.If you plan on starting TSW keep the following in mind:Join the Arcadia or Cerberus servers. The former is livelier and has a lot of great players, the latter has more people and... more great players.You WILL use two weapons. Embrace them.Decks! Do a deck. They guide you into a weapon role. Open up your ability screen and to the left you'll see ""decks."" Choose a starter deck unless you're feeling courageous.Don't just skip through the mission briefings. The quests are really well-done and roll into one another.Collect lore! They look like little yellow boxes with hexagons on them. They give you EXP, achievements, and items. And again, everything's very,verywell-written.Don't be scared to ask questions in General Chat. Everyone's usually very nice and willing to ask questions or help. The only place spammed with trades is Agartha (where you go from place to place).PVP is not a place for noobs. Wait until you're at least done with Solomon Island.Conclusion: This is definitely worth $30, and it's a steal if it's on sale. You can use as much time playing it as any $60 new-release game. Actually, you can putmoretime into it. Why shouldn't you? The developers and community put a lot of love into the game, and it really shows."
76561198052486606,Recommended,215280,16737432,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Inusaa,"In this modern world where every legend is true, you begin to choose a faction.A secret one !The "" I will destroy every evil and whatever if everyone see me "" Templars.The "" Money, power, sex, drug, and Game of Throne "" Illuminatis.And the unknown, strange, users of the chaos theory, the Dragons.Each has his own view of the world, and his own way to deal with it.Then, you create your character. with modern clothes.Unhappily, there isn't much choice of clothes and faces.But you will be able to gain more later.Then, your first cinematic, introducing you to this strange world, and your strange faction.But whoever you decided to join, you got magical power, and you will have to master them.During the tutorial where you begin to learn and get even more questions about your faction, you will learn to fight.And you have hundred of ways to do it, there are two time more skills.Don't worry if you put your hard earned skill points in the bad tree, you can get every skill.The only limit is the number of active and passive slot :-)Let's fight with pistols, shotguns, rifles, sword, hammer, claws, chaos magic, blood magic, and elemental magic :DYou can use two different weapons, so slow down this guy with a shot in the knee and make him burn with a fireball !But it's your skills, and the one you will fight against in the three different pvp area, where the three-faction system allows the two weakest to ally (for a time :D) against the strong one.In pve, monsters do basic attacks with sometimes an area of effect you have to evade.But don't worry, bosses in dungeon have all interesting mechanics, and almost none little encounter on which you will loose your time.But what about your stuff ? Plate armor in a modern day ? Nope, in this game your skin is totally different than your power. You can wear clothes with none stats, and relics which only affect your power.So the day where you hesitate to leave your low level armor because it's so beautiful is now over :DDuring your adventures, you will have to explore to discover the Lovecrafty lore, to kill, to investigate with clues and your brain.To fight against this hard game, you will play with the most mature community I met in a dozen years of gaming .)And the beautiful writting and voice-acting will give you even more courage, you will want to know what's next !Why is there war in this world where history show that hate build nothing ?Why is there starvation when we can feed all humanity ?Why you still don't play this game ?"
,Recommended,215280,7014028,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,MOYCOOL,Excellent game The best MMO id played PVP its cool  and fun recommended if u like pvp in MMO
76561198006489992,Recommended,215280,15350590,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Captain Australia,"The Secret World is pretty cool.I think the best thing about the game is the writing - the quests, characters, stories & locations are clearly a labour of love.The game itself is actually quite fun to play, too.It gives you the freedom to develop in any area you like, and there's really no reason not to experiment.  If I had to choose a favourite style of character progression in an MMO, I'd go with the old school 'Ultima Online' approach, where your skills develop as you use them.  (Well, actually they had that in some MUDs well before MMOs but let's not get bogged down on details).The Secret World simply rewards you with Ability Points (used to learn skills) and Skill Points (learned to get stronger) .. hmm, writing that down it sounds weird .. but anyway, you get the points and have the freedom to spend them anywhere .. the game has an ability wheel that is in many ways strange and counter-intuitive, but when you work it out, it's good.The game makes a strong first impression, but then, as you step toward mid-game, starts to wane a little .. so I think most players are either:Dabblers - new players giving it a goCitizens - folks who have had their dabble and powered through, or went away and came back (like me)When I returned to the game after my dabble, I suddenly 'got' it.  I understood the mechanics better and was a LOT more successful in my play - and once you hit that point where you're comfortable with the mechanics, the game becomes really quite cool indeed.Give it a dabble.  If it's not your cup of tea, try again a month later.You won't regret it.  It's a good game."
76561197995224922,Recommended,215280,8235106,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Triple M,"The Secret World is not a perfect game, but it is a game that is actually trying to be different.Packed with story and challenge, the game rides it's Chthulu-Conspiracy Noir to the hilt. The community is solid and (mostly) beginner friendly, and it's short comings early on have been mostly fixed although non-gamebreaking bugs are still common.I won't say it's for everyone, but it's a solid game that will appeal to many."
76561198033380934,Recommended,215280,14233167,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Katjajett,"""It's an MMO for the intelligent gamer.""The Secret World had a lot of hype when it first began circling the web and thankfully it delivered.  The repetitive quests age is over and you will not find a lack of things to kill or puzzles to solve. And when I say puzzles, I don't mean ""light the pillars in the correct order"", I mean translate “Clavis Aurea” from Latin which means ""Golden Key"", go back to City Hall you wandered through on that other mission, grab the giant key on the wall, bring it back, and see if it opens the door. In simpler terms, you will never have to worry about having to go kill 10 monsters for this NPC and then 15 for the next.The Secret World is also a classless game, you aren't stuck playing the fighter or rogue. However, you must be careful what abilities you invest in, because there isn't a reset potion. Which means if you invest 500pts in swords and then decide you want to wield a gun instead, you can't relocate those points and will be weaker with the guns against tougher monsters unless you go back to a easier area. That's not to say you'll get bored with the sword, but it does make you question where to put each and every point you gain.All and all, it’s a good MMO and well worth the onetime payment. If MMOs are your thing (and you like the World of Darkness/Cthulhu feel) I would recommend giving The Secret World a shot."
76561198010142840,Recommended,215280,14874340,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,BlueDawn,"It's refreshing to play an MMO where I have to think and apply strategy to instead of ""pick generic build and go kill 10 rats""."
,Not Recommended,215280,16731711,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"The game was never optimized well and still isn't. In fact this new version runs even worse than before. I gave this a try because I don't even mind that characters were wiped and we have to start over in this new game version, but this does basically nothing to improve the game. They tried to streamline the combat which was one of the biggest reasons the original game failed was because combat was clunky and the skill and upgrade system was extremely convoluted. Trying to streamline all of that is a step in the right direction but the new streamlined systems aren't much better because combat is still clunky as fk. The game also has no way to enable vsync in-game. Good job, dummies.Almost no improvements to an already borderline 7/10 game. I had a lot of fun with it for around 120 hours because it was originally something much different than everything else but this new version is not worth messing with. There are much better gaming options out there right now.See you all in hell."
,Recommended,215280,16311359,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Jinx,"NOTE -- This review is old and was a review of the original ""The Secret World"" game.It does NOT reflect my feeling towards the rebooted F2P ""Secret World Legends"" at all.Yes. This was everything I wanted it to be.An MMORPG in the modern world. With every possible myth, legend, lore, and tale in the hidden, Secret World view.No levels, but as you gain experience you choose to unlock more abilities themed around weapon types. Choosing your abilities and maximizing synergies with effects feels like TCG's deck building.  I love combining dual-wield pistols with lightning attacks.Quests are more than ""Kill x# of y"" and some are full-on puzzles worthy of classic Adventure Games or Myst in their diabolical obscurity, many requiring intentionally looking up information in the real world; bridging the game's themes of conspiracy into IRL.Great game for RP.This is maybe the only online multiplayer type game where I'm not rushing to get to max level, because I feel everything on the road there is worth experiencing. I never feel like I'm grinding.The only negative IMO is that the engine doesn't feel optimized; only a very good PC is going to run it smoothly, even with all of the settings turn pretty far down."
,Recommended,215280,4502808,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,pimpin' ain't easy,"TSW is an action adventure game with MMORPG mechanics (combat, PvP, group content). The writing and art design are all excellent - enough to warrant a satisfying single player experience! If you're a fan of Gaiman, Lovecraft or King - you'll love the setting. Horror is a main theme here and there are many ""nope"" moments.I've been playing this game since early access and the story/setting still messes up my head big time. It slowly builds from mysterious text messages, words hastily written on torn-out pages, whispers from the faucet. To get a glimpse of what's happening, you have to piece it from lore entries, dialogues, small hints in dialogues or hacked emails.The production value is very high. Most quests have fully voiced cutscenes and there's a lot of unique art assets - all items you investigate have their own art work (cell phones, books, notes etc.).This is one of the most challenging MMOs I've played - both quests and combat require thought and skill. Investigation missions are hard, but even the basic missions require some investigating (in most cases you actually have to figure out where to go). Many quests play like an adventure game - you have to hack computers, combine items, finding hidden objects, solve environmental. Combat requires a lot of movement and the limit on active/passive skills requires a good setup.The game goes very cheap on sales and the basic purchase gives you full access to PvP, dungeons and raids. Subscription is totally optional and just gives you a small xp boost, points to spend in shop and a vanity item. There are paid mission packs released every few months and some of them are good to have for high-end gaming. The game shop is mostly xp boosting and clothing - there are ""magic boxes"", but it's nothing major (everything you get from them can be obtained by normal means).BRAINBONER 428/10"
76561198279803741,Recommended,215280,22601672,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Steven.sippio,"This was my 1st MMO that hit home for after i tried many.-I went /AFK for a decade then finally got a good enoughPC to game.-1st was Star Wars TOR- Fail- im a super SW fan too. read over 120 boooks& played StarWars Galaxies back in the day.SW TOR is/was a cartoon. a bad cartoon at that. bummer!-DC Universe online(PS4 instead imo)-Then Dungeons & Dragons Online- boring/over-effortBUt the narrator or Dungeon master type feel was unique and memorable.i might return 1 day.-Then i Saw Secret War on Winter Sale & loved the look,atmosphere& esp the story.. I was sucked in for awhile.. Not WOW like addictedbut sucked-in none the less..  ijumped in blind & solo too...-Whats not to like. Its like a 'Brothers Grimm meets 'Supernatural'meets Lovecraft-ian.."
,Recommended,215280,4297348,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Hiro,"10/10 would go beneath the primal fluid again.I definitely enjoyed the game for the price I paid for it. There's plenty of skills to choose from, so you can mess around with different combinations. Quests for this game is very interesting and some are pretty hard if you don't look up a guide to it. If you can find some awesome people to play with, this game will go a long way for you.You choose from one of the three factions: Templars, Dragons, and Illuminati. Each faction is against each other in PVP but in the PVE world you are all together. The server you pick only matters for PVP aspect of the game as you will be able to play with everyone for PVE. Cabals which are the guilds in this game are faction specific, so if your a Templar you can't make a cabal with your Illuminati friend. The biggest downside to this game is the player base. Even with all the servers being able to play with each other, there are times where it is dead.Pros:- Lots of skills to play with- Lots of weapon choices- Lots of unique quests- Storyline is pretty interesting (different for each faction, Illuminati is the best in my opinion haha *eye in the sky*)- Dungeon bosses gain different abilities depending on difficulty- Can unlock everything on 1 character (weapons and skills)Cons:- Community is dwindling- Combat system is not for everyone- PVP unbalanced (normally 1 faction dominates, depends on the servers your grouped with)- Dungeon/Raids get repetitive- Slow updates- Gotta buy ""Issues"" for some new content (not really a bad thing since your supporting the game but it might not appeal to everyone)If you meet anyone from my Cabals Lachesis, Atropos or Clotho, they are some awesome people :D Unfortunately I have not been playing the game for a while now.PS: Beware of Sliggity he's a therapist."
76561198055613829,Recommended,215280,8442173,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Udderly Adorable,"So, it has been some time since I wrote a review for this game. Before whenever I did I was somewhat interested and said it was just a good game. But after spending many...many hours in this game and hitting a mark where I am doing end game content, I must say that I am thoroughly impressed. This game is a very unique MMO and pretty amazing if you are interested in the RPG community in it as well. Not many reviews here will talk about the ARGs, ((Alternate Reality Game)) that they do, blurring the line between real and fake. The Twitterverse, where you hop on twitter and post as your char, the developers even get in on it and post things as characters in the game world! It is super awesome and super fun if you are into that!If you are into just solo gameplay, this game has you covered as well! An amazing story with likeable chars, unique quests and amazing music! The PvE is amazing as the customization for your ""Deck"" ((Set of skills)) is amazing. You can be anything you want and that is always awesome.PvP, the community is full of amazing people. Before when I wrote the review I didn't talk about PvP... but this is the first time where I have entered a PvP area as a noob and had people actually helping me, wanting me to do better and willing to HELP me do better by giving me advice in very nice ways, never rude.Now, ever game does have it's flaws, this game can be a bit buggy at times and Egypt... *Shudders* Egypt has an AMAZING story, but I found myself struggling to get through it at times. Other than that though, this game is nothing short of awesome.do yourself a favour and pick up this game. This is quite literally the best MMO I have ever played and it would be nice to have more people on here!"
76561198067762982,Recommended,215280,15677292,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Redmantis,"Absolutely love this game! I have actually cancelled my Tera sub because this game will be taking all my time from here out.If you like Fallout, Silent Hill, Resident Evil, and MMOs in particular, then you will love this game."
,Recommended,215280,13548159,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,MacPhellimey,"It's an MMO for grownups. Lots of fun quests where you have to look things up out of game, and actually use your brain and stuff! There's also a good it of the down and dirty killing things, but with a storyline so good you'll not want to skip the cutcenes explaining EACH quest. Even the NPCs are so awesome and individual that you'll want to stop and chat with them... like the Sir in the park in London. You actually feel like you're a part of this awesome place. Huge open maps that you can either physically walk to and from each place OR fast travel to from a really unique hub.My only qualm is that I wish they'd trust the player a bit more in the character creation. You can create a unique character but it never really feels unique enough. Lots of awesome clothing choices though to make up for it. You can also pretty much create whatever play style you'd like."
,Recommended,215280,28758340,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,"ArMaGeDdOn, the Fallen Paladin","The Secret World is a really fun MMO which I wish was more popular, or it may be because of the server I am playing out. But nonetheless it is a really fun game and the mechanics, abilities and story are really ground breaking and interesting. It can be a bit glitchy at time, and PVP is pretty difficult as a low level with low level equipment, but it is gauranteed to be a fun experience playing with friends, or simply doing something alone depending how you play MMOs."
,Recommended,215280,22884901,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Your Mom,"I absolutely love this game. If you're a fan of the Supernatural and being badass, this game is for you.What I really like is that you can play alone or with friends and the challenges are the same.I've only played for 40 hours, but after playing some other multiplayer games with toxic communities, this one is not one of them. Everyone is very friendly, and most times are willing to help and teach the beginners.It is also a very forgiving game. If you don't like a weapon set up you may have picked before, you can easily switch to another set and begin storing points for them.The only thing I find lacking is the character customization as the males and females have a set body figure. You can make them shorter or taller but their body shape remains the same. I also think that more customization would be highly benefitial to the game, but I do like that you can wear anything you want and it's not covered by ugly suits of armor.All in all, I recommend this game for the player base and the gameplay, as well as the story."
,Recommended,215280,21826605,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Crimsy,Played like 150 hours in two weeks.I may not be able to tell you the fun I had but pretty sure this game is a door leads to a new generation of MMORPG.Edit: This review was written before the rework
76561198143528381,Recommended,215280,21913511,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Etnalp798,"I love this game, the investigative missions can be confusing and slow but very rewarding once you figure them out"
,Recommended,215280,8861737,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,scooterchik,Love this game.  Many hours of fun!
76561198150132634,Recommended,215280,14732420,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,HellaHigh420Bitch,This Game Is Sick As♥♥♥♥♥♥All You Need KNow Awsomeness :) Love TSW Fan FOr LIfe:) !
,Recommended,215280,12722306,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[TOXK]Spydermd | trade.tf,Seriously why is this game so under-rated and buried. Me and my wife have absolutely loved this game. We really enjoyed it when it first released. We had some computer issues. Got them fixed and forgot to come back. Gameplay is solid. The mechanics of attacking feel good. The Storyline is to die for. Lack of a class system provides an interesting challenge when doing AP/SP.The graphics are also quite fantastic. Seriously very well could be the most under-rated game of all time. I will say i'm unsure of the END game. But honestly the storyline alone is worth the bang for the buck.
,Recommended,215280,7779360,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,tacityl,"So I've been playing this game about 2 weeks, and I really like it.  I had played AO from launch, and decided I'd skip Funcom games until they got their act together.  I have to say, The Secret World ain't bad.  It's not my beloved City of Heroes, but then ... nothing will be.It's a truly classless and levelless system of the kind Ultima Online wanted to be.  Every character can have every skill at max in the end game.  What makes that interesting is that you can only use a limited set of skills (a ""deck"") at once.  The game really shines when you figure out new builds from what you've unlocked.Plus, I adore Lovecraft.  This game is like mainlining heroin for a Cthulhu fan.  It's a dark, atmospheric war among 3 factions.  The mythology is Harry Potter meets At the Mountains of Madness with a dollop of Bram Stoker.  Good stuff."
76561198047143384,Recommended,215280,8816922,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ENCR0ACHER,"WOW! What a highly under-rated game! Nothings here I would consider 'new' or 'special' (with the exception of investigation missions having me looking up ancient latin text in Google to get a code to open a door to then have to find a famous composers name to solve a riddle in a painting to then... （の ワ の ）it's fun) but the mature, modern setting with the Dark supernatural HP Lovecrft themes... Refreshing. Some nice voice acting as well. Better than average for sure. Effective story telling for the missions. Free form choice of weapons, abilities, and specs to playstyles. Plenty of choice. No P2W aspect within the microtranactions, all clothes, digital dressup. The way I prefer it and am happy to support with micro purchases from time to time. Worth every penny for 30$. If you happen to pick it up on sale, even more value. You'll even get 10$ in ingame micro currency for completeing 30 missions on your account. Free money to buy some personal style from the store!!Totally worth the time youll put in for the money you spent. Especially with no subs."
,Recommended,215280,8267326,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CritterQueen,"I've never been a fan of MMO's and as a new PC convert (was always a console only person) this game has really opened me up to a world I never thought I would enjoy. I haven't gotten overly far into it but my fiancee is going to buy it too since he has like what he has seen. Graet game, looking forward to lots of time spent exploring it!"
,Recommended,215280,7498245,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Blight,"Great MMO. Has pretty poor character creation, but after that everything's uphill. Great community and overall a good experience. I recommend this MMO to those into mystery games and MMO games. You can't enjoy this if you dislike either of those.Purchase this when it's on sale if you're not sure about it. Or do some research."
76561198010893305,Recommended,215280,17660574,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Yamin,"Pro's:The story is amazing.The locations are very atmospheric.The characters you come across are very well done.Fantastic mix of Lore/Myth/Religion/Creepy Pasta/Urban Legend.Hilarious in parts.Tragic in parts.Investigation missions are so in depth! I am now fluent in Latin and Romanian, and have applied for a job as a codebreaker.The dungeons are great fun.The abilty wheel allows so much customisation to builds.Great Community.Cons:Crafting seems pretty pointless.Combat is very basic.The engine is a bit dated! (the zones look amazing though!)In the 2 funcom games i have played, the guild/cabal panel/options always seem like an afterthought and are not prominent are interesting.... basically a list of names! For an online social game i feel thats pretty silly!The chat is just awful.Still, the Pro's FAAAARRRR outweigh the Con's!  8/10"
76561198064075093,Recommended,215280,20436449,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,King of the Violet Crescent,"This game is great. I love the Universe, the quests are interesting, and the combat is exciting. The game takes place in a world where every myth, legend, and conspiracy theory is true. Players can choose between three secret societies to work for, The Dragon, The Templars, or the Illuminati. One great thing is the classes, or lack therof. Players can choose two weapons to start with, building their skills as they play, and if a weapon begins to not seem like the right fit, you can choose to learn a new one, this is definitely a great MMO, and I reccomend it with every fiber of my being."
76561197985838796,Recommended,215280,23215447,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Rickman,"<This Review is of TSW not Legends, Might update the Review when the Updates hit>I'm gonna Say it Here... I Love this Game and I Don't know why.Maybe its the design, maybe its the way the system opens up as you get more Xp, or how no ability is locked off to you without Reason (Story Spoilers for why 1-2 Abilities are locked.. so i won't get into it). The ""Deck"" design for building your character is nice and gives decent hints for how to play different Playstyles, In-game tutorials are there if you need them for most of the Systems that are in the Game... And the Community is Generally friendly.The story is fun (For Me atleast) and goes into directions that are predictable sometimes and sometimes a Complete Curveball (Transyvania and Dracula are one of the more interesting ones). Then there is the Lore entries... You don't just get one or 2 pieces of information about whats going on or Concepts.. you get massive logs to look though that give enough information to sate most people.. and those things it doesn't answer? It's usually just not something you've found yet...Overall I recommend The Secret World.... It's a Fun Romp though a Modern World that's going though a Magical Apocalypse as Cthuluoid entities (And Things MUCH WORSE) are waking up and breaking into our reality....The Dreamer's Wake, How will you stop them?"
,Recommended,215280,12704977,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Alis,"I'm a sucker for mash-up urban fantasy/horror so I am soall overTSW's premise. The game's first (non-tutorial) zone, for example, featuresusing local Native American magic and the favour of the god Thor to help the Illuminati and an expy of Stephen King fight Viking zombies dredged from the deep by Cthulhu-esque horrors, summoned by Loki using Aztec blood magic and the sword Excalibur, as part of a plot to bring about Ragnarok by stabbing a giant black cube-thing which is part of the machinery of Gaia.Things just get weirder from there.The story, cutscenes, characters, and dialogue in this game are, in my opinion, the best in any MMO currently out there, and it's one of the only MMOs I've played through multiple times solely for the story. This is definitely TSW's strength; this, and a particular type of quest the game has, called Investigation Missions, which will... well. There's an in-game browser for a reason, and I sure hope you like looking up Egyptian heiroglyphics and Hebrew plagues on Wikipedia, because you will be.They're the good parts.Unfortunately, then there's the rest of the game. TSW's mechanics are, in my opinion, as terrible as its writing is amazing. Mechnically, it's a tedious, frustrating grind that gives the illusion of choice in character building, but is ultimately so poorly balanced that I really hope you're playing the one spec that's actually useful because otherwise you're going to be spending an awful lot of time in the graveyard. (Slight disclaimer:allof this game's gameplay is built around groups. Though it's possible to solo--and I have--it is exponentially easier to complete with even just one other person along for the ride.) Not to mention that, once the story is over, the gear grind begins and, well. It's a gear grind. I hope you like raiding!There are going to be people who love TSW's mechanics, and more power to them (they're the sorts of people who like to use words such as ""oldschool"" and ""hardcore"" to describe their MMO playing). I'm not one of them. So take the last paragraph with a grain of salt.Mechanics aside, I have a lifetime sub to TSW and I don't regret it... but I wouldn't recommend it for everyone, either."
,Not Recommended,215280,34982230,Posted: 15 September,all,ToyJazzer,"Deletes anything you had before the game went pay-to-win, if you haven't gone through some arbitrary time-limited transfer process."
,Recommended,215280,33042691,Posted: 30 June,all,Akaan,"Review for SECRET WORLD LEGENDS, as a relatively NEW player instead of ""I played 10k hours of the original blah blah blah""... (such a shame a great game has such a butthurt community)Hi all, I RARELY review games, in fact this is probably the first time I have done so on Steam, however the fact that Secret World Legends has compelled me to do so should speak to how unique and fun this game is.  A lot of reviews I've seen of SWL are coming from old vets from the original game, however as someone who is trying the game as a relative newbie, I feel I should speak up.If you stalk my profile you would see that indeed I did play the original Secret World.  And I tried it, for a few months off and on.  However I didn't get past the first 'region' (New England) because I wasn't a fan of the combat or skill wheel, so I quit a few years ago.  Secret World Legends, the revamped re-release, in my opinion primarily fixes that issue.  Combat is faster, more action oriented, and generally FUN instead of a chore.  It now uses a reticle instead of traditional tab targeting, and the progression of skills for your weapon of choice seems very streamlined.  The game is now being advertised as a ""shared world action RPG"" or something along those lines, and it's very true!!  This is NOT your tradtional WoW clone, and that's what I love about it.  Anyway I'll try to keep the rest of this short.PROS:-Excellent story,  unique setting and quests.  That is the reason to play this game.  It's an RPG more than an MMO.-Streamlined, action oriented combat that you can personalize.  Although you choose a 'class'  at the beginning you can switch to whatever weapon you'd like later if you change your mind.  Most weapons have an RNG factor that make them interesting, but view that as a chance for a random bonus instead of trying to control it for min maxing.-INTERESTING SETTING!!!  If you've had enough of elves, orcs, sparkly fairies, ogres or whatever you can take a break and kill some zombies instead over here.-It is free, and I'm not sure why everyone is making a big deal about a paywall.  I have not subbed and I'm having no problem leveling through areas and enjoying the game.  Yes if you want vanity items or to spend 10 hours doing dungeons maybe you need to sub, but for exploring the world and story it's not needed and totally free.CONS:-If you're into everone and everything being gorgeous supermodel status like BDO, this game isn't for you.  The graphics got a facelift from the original but its more like SWTOR status of character customization and graphics/animation.-As of 6/30/2017 the community is rather hostile.  A lot of old players are bitter about having to 'abandon' their characters from the original or about some of the changes they did not agree with.  Leave General chat and /chat join Sanctuary for a better environment.-It's not a true MMO in the style of WoW etc etc.  Endgame is still being added in, so for the hardcore raider check back later.-The subbing option isn't really that attractive right now.  A good thing for the person looking for a fun game for free, but bad for Funcom.  Hopefully they fix this so they can get some more financial support from their fans!And with that I'm off to blast some zombies.  Thanks for reading and try it out with an open mind!!"
76561198068046314,Not Recommended,215280,34146892,Posted: 10 August,all,Frog,"Funcom tried to give a second life to TSW by changing things here and there, some changes are nice and some are not. All in all TSWLegend are a good game, different from what you have seen in other mmos. If you never played TSW before give it a try you might have some fun at no cost since its free.But for me who did play TSW there no fun at all in starting over again this game. I never was a serious player in TSW but was enjoying the investigation missions and other stuff we dont see in others mmos.Just freed 45 Go of my SSD, that was my last TSWLegend mission. HOURRA!!!"
,Not Recommended,215280,34877784,Posted: 10 September,all,[MLKM] Shrike,"It's like TSW but dumbed way down and turned into a P2W game.  I'm normally all for smoother systems that welcome casual players, but this really is just dumbed down.  TSW wasn't overly complicated, and it did an amazing job at actually being a class- and level-free system.  This?  This treats its players like idiots who are only there to filter money into the P2W scheme.They're also cheating the review system by keeping the same appid so they get to piggyback on the good reviews of TSW.  (Note that they don't have a ""Recent"" rating up there.  Because it's most likely ""Mostly Negative"" at best.)"
,Not Recommended,215280,34119370,Posted: 9 August,all,iTeckai,so this game when i came out i wanted nothing more then to play it.. and boy was i happy when i purchased it when the game took away its subscription.I never heavy invested into a games story like i did with this one till i got blocked by lack of money but even then it was so fun to see what next area or mission you have to do.Horror MMORPG is what this game perfectly did right for me and now its a hollowed out husk of what it used to be..Pay Walls every step of the game now.so goodbye game may you R.I.P
76561198030686590,Recommended,215280,34562769,Posted: 28 August,all,Drake Ravenwolf,"TL;DR If you are a returning player... you are probably not going to like SWL, but if you are a new player I would still recommend giving it a try; just do not spend any money on it - enjoy the ambiance and story, then quit.Disclaimer: I was a ""grand master"" aka ""lifetime patron"" of TSW and loved it dearly, here in I will try to review SWL objectively and without lingering biases either for or against SWL.TSW was the original game; it had its flaws, but still had a decent player base.  Funcom wanted to try and revitalize that player base by ""re-releasing"" what they would consider an enhanced edition; but in-so-doing they alienated many of their long-time players, because while the original game is still able to be downloaded and played, it has become a ghost town and the new game... well we'll cover that in the next section.SWL is essentially the same game except for a few differences; the graphics engine is supposed to be updated... tho from my experience I've notice little difference. The combat system has been completely over-hauled - the new system is... well it is noob friendly, the old system had a high learning curve to understand but once understood allowed for many more interesting and unique builds than the new dumbed down version does.  Some examples; ALL builds now have almost exactly the same optimal dps regardless of what weapons or dps abilities you use.  Passive abilities used to be mix & match to your heart's content, now each only applies to one active ability - so while you can still mix & match doing so would be stupid if you do not have the linked active ability equipped.  Additionally, they have revamped gear progression; gone are the runes/essences, instead you merge similar items together to ""level"" one of them up - it is an insanely long grind to get gear to maximum level... and throughout the process you will be tempted to spend real life money to accelerate your progression.  Since SWL is F2P there are countless ""micro-transactions"" and this time they are not just on cosmetics, they have essentially made the game pay-to-win; if you wanted to, you could take a lvl 1 and instantly level his skill trees to maximum, convert your bought currency to AH currency and fully gear out your level one as far as your real world money would last.That said, this review is marked as ""Yes, I would recommend this game,"" why?  Because SWL has the same story and ambiance as TSW had, and despite its flaws those parts are still fantastic.  I LOVE the world setting they created here, I've never found anything else quite like it and was the reason I paid for lifetime subscription in the first place.  Returning players will have already experienced that, and so there is no need for them to go through it a 2nd time unless they want to, but for new players I would still recommend giving it a playthrough just to experience this world and its stories.If you ARE a returning player please read MizoreYukii's excellent guide on how to transfer your TSW vanity items into SWL, just keep in mind that if you make any mistakes or anything goes wrong during the transfer, customer service will not do anything for you.http://steamcommunity.com/app/215280/discussions/2/1470841715974658865/"
76561198041378680,Not Recommended,215280,34284901,Posted: 16 August,all,Sel,It sucks now. They changed it all. You cannot even trade items to friends you need to pay for it.
76561198256116942,Recommended,215280,33524908,Posted: 13 July,all,maddiesilviaholli,"I played The Secret World before and I am now playing Secret World Legends. I am almost through with Solomon Island in SWL, while I played much more in TSW.Things I like:-Story is still good-Environment is still good-Characters are still good-Simpler skill trees (some people don't like, but I like that it's easier)-The combat extras-It's not pay to win (Some people say it is, but it's not necessary to pay...the extra caches are just that, extra.)Things I don't like:-Can't have previous character and story progress from TSW (but I can live with this)-Graphics are okayOVERALL: I would recommend this game because of its theme, story, and environment. The story was really fun to go through."
,Not Recommended,215280,21526145,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MJP,"Bite Sized ReviewThe Good:+ Really Nice Graphics for an MMO+ The Interface looks really nice and slick, nice sounds on it too like when you unlock an achievement+ 2 Weapon System allows you to mix up your character build+ No classes, anyone can change character roles at anytime+ The atmosphere of modern day but with ghosts and goblins etc. is great+ Missions are voiced with cut scenes+ Mission Variety is great: Combat, Stealth, and PuzzleThe Bad:- Loading times/ how often you see them is a little excessive- Que times for PvE Dungeons and PVP is too long, even during weekends when it should be fast- Enemies get more health at higher levels, and just become bullet sponges near the end- Equipment (except weapons) does not show on character- Good/Interesting Vanity Items must be purchased with real money- Expansion content is locked behind multiple $15 add-ons- Can only make human characters in a universe where there are ghouls, goblins, zombies, and werewolves- Base game story line has a weak and uninteresting finish- Act of combat and combat animations are stiff and boring- Dwindling Player base- It is an MMOThe Verdict:I loved this game for a long time and only recently buckled down and beat the base game storyline. I loved the world and atmosphere this game gave off, but at every turn I felt like the game could be so much better if it was a single player RPG instead of an MMO. The combat and animations suffer and the fact that enemies respawn after you've killed them just leaves the game feeling hollow. I truly feel if Funcom were to take this world and make a Vampire the Masquerade style game out of it, it would be amazing."
,Not Recommended,215280,34256457,Posted: 15 August,all,Kopjeagga,"After coming from Guild Wars and playing over 130hrs in TSW I wanted to take a look at the ""new"" experience. Only having one character slots instead of the three I had in the old game (were you only needed three at all) and my characters deleted without any bonus as an old player or the now deleted real money I spent in the game (only a little bit so not so worse) I was really turned off. That I have to choose a class in the character creation is even worse and I would almsot instantly deleted the game if I had the ability to access the skill menue from the beginning.Before the change you had the skillwheel with active and passive abilities, 525 in total and you could choose any of them in any combination you wanted, there were no classes, recommendation but no classes because you could change it the way you wanted, that made the entire system very tactical like in guild wars.Now you have a specific old recommendation as your class, can only use the specific mentioned weapons and the skilltrees are so much streamlined that you think you play any other generic MMO.And the buttons to use them? Tab for heal, left mouse buttton, right mouse button, Q, E, 1, 2, X and some others.Seriously if you like the things I mentioned that I personally hate do yourself a favor go to Guild Wars 2, I don't like it either because of these changes to GW1 but at least the game feels much better with that kind of ""skill""system."
76561198047416204,Not Recommended,215280,34032048,Posted: 4 August,all,Darth Famine,This broke my install of secret world the original that I have played through steam for YEARS.  The launcher keeps trying to update my secret world to legends now. As for the gameplay itself the reticle is terrible and I for one will not spend ANY money on this game unitl they impliment a way to disable it and restore traditional mmo controls for movement and looking.
,Not Recommended,215280,32988114,Posted: 29 June,all,Scuub,Stay away from this. Go play the old version of the game. They are hijacking the positive reviews from the old game to attract people to this sad pile of garbage. This seems like their last attempt to cash in before bankruptcy.
,Not Recommended,215280,30823701,Posted: 29 March,all,Baron Von Boom,"The Secret World was a great game, had its flaws but filled a very specific niche.The reviews you see are for that game & until Funcom or Valve do the decent thing & wipe the reviews to reflect that Secret World Legends is a totally different game then unfortunately this gets a thumbs down."
76561198018647806,Recommended,215280,33941369,Posted: 31 July,all,Fuzzy,"The Secret World was an MMO which I REALLY wanted to love, but the lack of support and a tiny player base always held me back from really getting into itNow that the game has gone completely F2P, the concurrent players has sky rocketed to nearly 2000 and the game will be recieving a steady stream of new content to keep players interested and coming back to the gameThis was definitely the kick that The Secret World needed to really become a successful MMO"
76561198029333134,Recommended,215280,34263884,Posted: 15 August,all,Mind2Matter,"EDIT:  I apologize to any readers that found my review unhelpful because of being disrespectful to the opinions of others.  I wish to use my review as a way to give a detailed description as to why I feel the game is worth a try, and to try to provide an answer to some of the doubts or fears I have seen others put forth.  Once again, I apologize.TL;DR Summary (though you should read the review because it goes into far more necessary detail):  This is not a perfect, but decent game, as it does have numerous small problems such as outdated graphics (though still better than Korean lolitas), some bugs, and a soft paywall.  But it does have some of the deepest and most gripping mature story and lore that I have ever seen in an MMO, and I feel that the story alone is enough to play this game, and all the negatives combined are not enough to stop me from playing, so I figure that is good enough to recommend for any casual players that do not have the time to devote over 50 hours a week to a game and love an epic story.And now, onto the details.  Just to warn you, it is long, but it is also very thorough.STORY:It is more than the standard MMO story of ""evil lord/demon beast X in kingdom/netherhell Y has started attacking us and you are the only one in the entire land that can put him down"".  They acknowledge that there are many agents such as you out in this world, so you are not a “chosen one” standing at a quest-giver along with ten other “chosen ones”.  TSW was one of the pioneers in creating a special movie for giving each main and story quest, the only other time I have seen this is with Guild Wars 2, which still gives a stock background and just has two characters chatting with each other.  Many might be put off by the fact that your character never speaks(I guess the bee stings your vocal chords on the way down?)and only gives replies through looks, but I prefer that over the GW2 style of including voices as the voices or ways of replying jarred with the characters I was trying to build.  And the quest-giverseven point this out at times, making the NPCs more reactionary and alive.  The story itself is dark and even a touch creepy at times, with topics like cannibalism, suicide, conspiracies, mass murder, torture, descents into insanity, human experimentation, and secret apocalypse cults, and it is all carefully intertwined with bits of humor, sexual innuendos (even homosexual), and pop culture references.  And it is done with a modern-day atmosphere that makes it all easier to relate to.GAMEPLAY:There have been some changes from the old system to pull it away from the MMO aspect and make it more of a single-person focus, though the social and cabal functions are still going strong.  You will still run into other players, but it is more of a coincidence than an expectation.  Dungeons have been added upon with easier 3-man versions along with the 5-man versions that not only allow better accessibility for the player to enjoy the story behind them, but also make for very fast dungeon queues (it could take hours in the old game and now just take maximum 10 minutes), and you can now get pets or other cosmetic rewards from general quests, which I find very cool.  Investigation missions now get you get a random piece of clothing for each one that you achieve.  Crafting has been completely redone with no signets or creating items, instead leveling and fusing weapons and talismans that you loot.  Be forewarned that there are bugs in the system, but I have only run into a couple minor graphical ones now, and they do send out hotfixes on a regular basis so I am content to wait until they iron out all the details on their end.COMBAT:One of the most debated areas, and I can understand why.  When I first played the beta for SWL, the combat changes were extremely difficult for me to get used to after playing the original.  The combat is far faster than the old style, though I actually did not mind the tab system and find it a bit easier to work with than the reticule.  But I did get used to it after a while, and it is something that is at least livable.  The builds in SWL are sadly not as complex anymore as TSW, but this is not completely a bad thing in my eyes.  I had no problems with the old style and even enjoyed the potential for high build customization, but I do not see this new style as “too simple” to disgust me, either.  It works, and the individual mechanics they put behind each of the weapons are at first confusing and weird, but slowly become cool and easier to manipulate as you move on.F2P or P2W:I will give the devs credit here by saying that the paywall was far bigger and uglier at launch than it is now.  They have done some emergency rebalancing to make it a bit easier on F2P accounts and they have some handy boosts for those that have been in TSW by giving them the ability to copy most of their cosmetic items/pets and unlock all weapon pages right from the start.  This may sound off-putting to new players, but in the old game they gave you a special outfit for unlocking all the abilities of all the weapons.  In this game, this same outfit is givenfor fully maximizing specialty in just one weapon.  Doing it for all nine simply gives a title.  That says to me that the devs are not even expecting you to try for maximizing all weapons, and do not want to set the bar impossibly high for new and free players.  And for those growling that there is a paywall, of course there will be a paywall with a free-to-play game if you want to spend all your time trying to level as quickly and as “leetly” as possible with owning every cosmetic available.  But I have not had a paywall problem yet, I have not had any problems with being inconvenienced, and I am technically overpowered for the area I am questing in.  To quickly explain, there are three kinds of important in-game currency:  Aurum (account-wide and can pay for cosmetics or services to cut corners), Marks of Favor (locked to your character and can be earned by completing daily missions to buy some minor services and weapon pages and the rest of the cosmetics) and Anima Shards (basic coin-like currency used for upgrading items, dispelling negative effects when you die too often, fast travel, and buying some minor items).  You can get per day about 5,000 Marks of Favor just from running the first tier of daily missions, and then you can exchange Marks of Favor for Aurum in the auction house, meaning that it is not 100% necessary to throw in real money if you are not afraid to work those dailies for a few days to afford the Aurum.  There is the controversy of the caches and the fact that you can buy keys for Aurum or get them as patrons and that they have replaced the loot drops from monsters, but you get enough gear from missions to get by (you get more rewards as you progress, and after level 10 you can start running dungeons which nicely fills your inventory and XP bar, so all you have to do is hang in there in the beginning), but the caches largely contain weapon XP boosts or cosmetics and you can even sell the caches on the Auction House for Marks of Favor.The fact that the game does not push for running dungeons (each dungeon has six bosses and each boss drops a cache that can be unlocked with dungeon keys, which you get ten of per day as a free to play) or grinding all day to get these Marks is perfect for people like me who have a busy life and can only devote a few hours per day to the game.  I can understand that the veterans are angry for losing their old characters, but it would have been exactly the same loss of 3000 hours if they announced they would be shutting the game down.  TSW was failing, as can be seen by Steam’s player count statistics, and this rebranding has breathed some new life by bringing back some old players and some new ones as well.  Plus they will be modifying the AEGIS system, hopefully for the better."
,Recommended,215280,12866673,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,pFM,"Refreshing MMO, took me a while to get to this one due to the all the hear-say but glad I finally gave it a try. This game is awesome, has dope combat, cool community, and new take on class building / leveling. Give it a try you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,215280,10803818,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,davidsaurus,"There's no game quite like The Secret World. It's a mish-mash of a lot of things. It works very well as a single player MMO. You get the feeling of a community, but you aren't constantly forced to group to get the best loot or the best experience. The thing that will keep you playing is the world. It is beautiful. As well as this the way you're character will look and feel will become a lot more personalized than other MMOs. Overall, it's definitely worth a look if it peeks your interest. Without a subscription fee, the amount of content packed into this game nowadays is great value for money."
,Recommended,215280,13727385,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Baron Hawk,"I thoroughly enjoy this game, and that's a lot coming from someone who generally doesn't like MMO's. The Secret World is very unique in its setting and themes. It asks a lot of its players in terms of patience and dedication, but following through with the investigations the game presents to you is very rewarding. The world is full of secrets, and it is your job to unravel them!"
,Recommended,215280,28108373,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,handofphate,A modern day MMO with a strong story and deep invesigation missions that will make you think and dive into the Lore.  A fantasic game for any fan of Lovecraft.
,Recommended,215280,9207297,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Manemigoto,"Excellent game with new innovative ""leveling"" system. The graphics aren't next gen, no, but they are pretty amazing for an MMO. The story is rich and very smart, a real thinker's game to be honest. No MMO has gotten me to really care for the story like this one has. The dialogue is rich and engaging, and while at times te ability wheel prevents your character from their potential,it adds to the challenge that is this game. Definite recommend for MMO skeptics like myself who usually quit MMO's after a couple of months."
,Recommended,215280,3339186,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,Menphues,"Absolutely amazing game, it really is a good game but it is HARD, and when I say it is hard I mean to do this game alone you are off your head.  It is hard to learn, play and level up.  To rank up you need insane XP.  A long lasting game though to get far but you need friends to team up with, because the AI are hard as hell.The game itself is beautifully made and plays nice. Tons to do and keep you going a great buy.The graphics are really nice, really they look really good and offer a nice change with the textures.The audio is basic chop, bash, swing, yelling. Nothing special compared to any other mmo.The controls are easy to use, really they are simple to get a hold off and nothing complicated.The game itself, really is good... The features built in make this game one hell of a massive learn curve... This is no normal MMO I found... It is brutally hard to play the game alone, really I was owned left right and centre.. It is a game to be played with friends and the game offers some amazing character progression and stats to build... You should play this game with friends really it is so hard and that is good, I sadly had no friends who wanted to play, and I was sadly skeptical to play the game because I did not enjoy the beta but the full game is really good... I've never payed to play it and only bought when it was buy to play.If you want a game that is hard to play, long to learn and master with friends that takes team work, this is definitely the game for you!"
76561198007856205,Recommended,215280,27961233,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TornadoWarning,I'm not really into MMOs but I like the atmosphere and the story elements so far. I don't know if I'll ever get the full experience but I enjoy the time I spend playing.
,Recommended,215280,7259158,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"worth every penny, regardless if you pay $30 or get it on sale.Multiple builds each toon, and you can swap them out at any time. no using in game money to respec or running back to a town to swap stuff out. you do it on the fly.Cool horror-esqe storyline. Lots of H.P. Lovecraft style mobs, and even 'ol boy Cthulhu makes an apperance as one of the bosses you fight in an early dungeon.Decent amount of character customizing/ barbie clothing.The thing i like most about this game is the amount of thinking you have to do to finish some of the quests. I had to look up bible verses on google to figure out part of a quest, to give a small example.Overall, id say this is a solid 8.5/10"
76561198052848632,Recommended,215280,11850127,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Typicalowl,"Just purchased this game a few days ago.  I have been thinking about it for a few months and was not sure I wanted to spend the money.  I would recommend the game, I have played a few hours so I am not an expert, nor have I seen everything, but I like what I have seen so far.  There still are people playing it which is nice, the missions I have played so far seem varied and interesting, the graphics are pretty good, and the atmosphere is nice.  The game is not ground breaking, but it is a fun mmo to play.  The only probelms I have had with the game are the long amount of time the patching is taking, not sure if that is because I just purchased the game, but everytime I have wanted to play it is patching, at first it took a long time, now it is down to about 3 minutes.  The other problem is that I had a lot of stuttering when using dx11, so I had to switch to dx9 which I haven't had any problems with FPS wise or stuttering.  I like the game, I would recommend it for some fun playing experiences, definetly not the greatest game every, but for me it is very entertaining.  FYI there are some pretty good videos on youtube by Totalbiscuit and others if you want to look at gameplay prior to buying."
76561198000712606,Recommended,215280,11878143,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Snarky McSne,"Looking up bible verses, defeating the pumpkin king and lovecraft type monsters and going to a hellish motel.  Plus things I haven't even gotten to yet like werewolves, mummies, and the like.  This multiplayer rpg has it all.  The right combo of puzzle solving and fighting.  Love every minute of it.  Definetly recommended."
,Recommended,215280,11855795,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,mezili,"i wanted this game, and bought it, because i'm a big mmorpg person. i didn't do much research before buying it on sale.this game has horror elements. one of the main missions required me to walk through a very poorly lit parkade, where i would sometimes be pulled to the side and attacked by pitch-black, disfigured mutants. at the end i had to defeat a monster that looked like a large, muscular, quadrupedal, vampire arnold (fromhey, arnold) that also spawned in an area without light. let's just say it was ♥♥♥♥ing creepy, okay?for the first few areas of the game, i made sure to frequently empty my bladder to avoid any unwanted disruptions.i love the skill system. this isn't a game like world of warcraft where you pick your class and you're stuck with only three ways to play your character until you decide to reroll - it is completely possible to max out all skills and abilities in every section of the skill wheel. you can only have two weapons equipped at a time (not counting your auxiliary), and you have seven (plus one for auxiliary) active and passive ability slots.the combat is very good for a tab-targeting game. from very early levels, they teach you to watch your positioning and surroundings, and that is carried throughout the rest of the game. nearly every boss has mechanics that require you to pay attention to the fight and be aware to what they will do, and some mistakes could mean you sit out for the rest of the boss. there is very little room for error, especially if you lack self-heal or healing abilities.overall, i'm enjoying my experience so far. this game has a lot of small things that games i previously played had not offered me. i do not know what endgame consists of, but i would like to try to fill out my entire skill wheel before quitting."
,Recommended,215280,15817945,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jade,"Isn't the point of a secret NOT to tell it?For starters, when I first saw this game I didn't even know it was an MMO. Silly me.I wanted this game for 3 years, then I finally got it. I like it quite a bit. The Illuminati are kinda jerks, but they're rich, so I put up with it. It's pretty realistic in that regard. The Templars are weird but they have the coolest uniforms, so there's that. The Dragons are... well I don't know what the Dragons are, they won't tell me.Anyways, it's got some interesting combat mechanics, and gameplay mechanics. It's got an interesting story. It's relatively fun to play, easy to learn. You don't have to pay for anything really, except the game and the last few episodes.My only problem with it isn't even in the game itself. My only problem is that it doesn't have the option to upgrade from normal TSW to Ultimate Edition TSW (or whatever it's called). But that's just semantics.BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,215280,2105364,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Shebbinator,"Cool storyline MMO, and fun gameplay! :)"
,Recommended,215280,13781534,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,malastrone,"A little difficult to get into, worth brining a friend along, but once you're in you are in!It has everything you come to expect from subscription MMOs, but for a one ooff payment.The main game is massive, and once you've finished that there are expantion packs that can be purchaced.The P v P has a stat balance, but there can be a few players whos till dominate, however this can easily be overcome by working together well as a team.If you like MMOs or just like the idea of roamping around a Lovecraftian based world, then I can definatly recomend this game.:cthulhu:"
,Recommended,215280,13982845,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,LordPixels,"I've had expereince with many MMO's and RPG's. This one is so refreshing. It isn't the standard pick a class and level up system. This one allows you to be whatever you choose to. Whether you want to be up close, ranged, a mix between the two, or some random combination of skills that somehow you are able to make it work.In the game, you are able to use 2 different weapons at any given time, (Not including auxilary since I still havent made it that far) which already expands your capabilites beyond most other MMO's. Now if you don't like what you chose thats fine. You simply earn more Ability Points and Skill Points (which isn't hard at all) put them into a different category and start using different skills and weapons.All the main missions include cutscenes which are fully animated and IMO well written. Then you have side missions everywhere. Some are just there for extra experience, but most actually tie into either the main storyline or one of the main missions.But out of all the things this game offers, so far my favorite, is the investigation missions. These missions are difficult. They make you think. They only give you hints as what to do, you have to figure it out. There are no waypoints with this one. You will have to search things up and read from books, myths, news reports, and anything else you can think of just to be able to complete these. But if you don't care for this, then just google the mission follow the steps get the experience and move on with your life like a lame person would. (No offence to all those who do this.)I haven't experience everything this game has to offer yet, so I'll probably come back and add to this after another 100 hours of gameplay or so. Cause at this point, I only complete the first story mission I was assigned. From what I know, I still have 3 other HUGE zones that the story will go across and I've only done 1.So if you want a simple answer on whether or not this game is worth it. Yes. No subscription, but offer's just as much content as a subscription based game."
,Recommended,215280,21083773,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,A Russian Guy,"The Secret World is the beast, in good and a couple of small bad waysFirst of all, I love this game. Weirdly enough, I have had some problems with a ""dxgi_error_device_removed"" error report, it is the first time I've seen this error. After install and observing the report I simply tried rebooting my system and after that, the game worked perfectly, at 100 - 120 fps I played for a couple of hours, and was really enjoyed. Next day when I tried loading the game, it came with the error, I tried rebooting without any luck and now I'm stuck with the error reports. Beside my frustration I can highly recommend this game, since this bug seems to be pretty uncommon for people with newer gear. I really hope the developers find a solution, in the meantime I will try to fix it myself.Of 2 hours of gameplay I can already say It's one of the most enjoyable MMORPG games I have ever played (I have played almost every popular EU&US MMORPG games there is)CPUIntel Core i5 3570K @ 3.40GHzRAM8,00GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 799MHzMotherboardMSI Z77A-GD55 (MS-7751)GraphicsBenQ XL2420T (1920x1080@120Hz)2 x 2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 (MSI) SLIStorage2 x 223GB Intel Raid 0 Volume (SATA)465GB Western Digital WDC WD5000AAKX-003CA0 (SATA)If anyone have an solution please tell. :-)"
,Recommended,215280,16463014,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rezn8er,"This games mood sets itself apart from the other mmo's....love the use of decks to change between so called ""classes"" in other games...I love the puzzles involved.  Makes it fun and not so much of a grind."
,Recommended,215280,14720394,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,The Metal,A great MMO experience for those into the strange underlyings of our own world.
,Recommended,215280,15487333,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,PiLambdaOd,"This is amazing! 10/10.The Secret World is entirely story and character focused, unlike many other MMOs that focus on combat and grinding. Each story and campaign mission starts with a cutscene to set the tone. On top of that each NPC has many lines of dialogue that really get you invested in the characters. Not to mention that many of them have hilarious lines. Overall, top notch story telling.The Secret World is rich with history and detail that sucks you into it’s world. You’ll find yourself losing hours exploring and uncovering the events that transpired in whatever land you enter. Whether that be learning about the group of children in a treehouse who protected their community from real monsters, or the private academy for those with unique “talents,” you’ll find many stories to latch your claws into.Investigation missions are where The Secret World comes into it’s own. Instead of hand holding you through the checkpoints, these missions give you vague clues then release you into the world using only your wits and your ability to reason. Some will challenge your knowledge of  18th century painters and bible quotes. Others medical or chemistry. Whatever the case may be, its up to you to uncover the answers.All around fantastic game design. A must play.Remember: everything is true."
,Recommended,215280,15620086,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Uniporn,"A lot of mixed opinions about this game, but I think it's amazing. It's obviously made for a certain audience and I'm happy to be a part of it. I am really sick of the same old fantasy bullocks (World of Warcraft, Guild Wars, Tera, Arche Age, ect) so this is quite a breath of fresh air.9/10"
76561198007499130,Recommended,215280,16208057,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Shaggyiam,"I felt compelled to write a review for this game. Played this game on an off for a while now.  I managed to get some of my guild gaming buddies to jump in,  including my wife O.O  This game starts of easy enough with different types of quest missions for different tastes of game play. With a main storry line to follow along, its hard to get lost.  Vidio clips to follow along as you progress to immerse yourself, like an interactive novel.  I have no idea what end game play is like so I won't comment .  But I will say this.  Running like hell is a strategy that should be on your list of game play. Hence my next suggestion is find friends to play along with.  Some of the game play is intense, a fire fight from one end to the other. Solo play is possible but with a lot of watching where you move and when. Playing with a group of friends is more enjoyable and probably the way the game was originally set up. Buckle in for a rough ride.New comers to the game don't be afraid to totally explore your abilities and skills.  Even have decks that can help you develop a combat style and a new look for your toon. A story line worth watching, not a total waste of time.  PvP gankers well probably not the place for you this game is mostly co-op and that's the way we like it. But the pvp zones come in different sizes and as in all pvp in the beginning grinding is a major factor in pvp performance.  And probably weapon quality that only can be achieved with some time spent in game.  PvE areas consist of questing areas, epic areas that can reward you with better loot (suggest a full group) Group instances, solo instances (part of the story line and also acts like a guide for the strength of your toon  eg. can do it yet, go find better gear. Collect stuff make better gear (strongly suggest going on line as this part is not a simple click and play as some items need to be placed correctly.)    Or loot better gear from the instance or as you dive in deeper into the game.Yes this game has been around a while and yes probably could use a machine upgrade for some better graphics and I hope is on the agenda as this game does deserve a spit and polish. Yes I do give kinda a mixed review but I did enjoy my time spent on this game. I'm just blunt and say it as it is.19/02/16Ok, been playing for a little bit now and what seemed like an huge grind has been drasticly reduced.  Once you have made your Nightmire challenge (nm* dungons ) and start looking at some of the more challenging instances. You quickly recognize a huge jump in difficulty. Things are done by the numbers, need to do this need to do that. Failure to do so, drastically reduces you chances. But thankfully you have probably found a guild to roll with that can guide you though the nightmare. Bit of a pun but totally true. But don't fret if you have not, the community as a whole is still helpful as always. Notifications do come up that a new player is in your instance with you. So they know right of a nub is in the room. So don't be shy and raise your hand.  As for end game the first Raid is in New York city and suggested entry is for Pugs 10.44 *quality 10 gear with a level 4 up grade on the item itself and the glyph placed in it) Guild runs 10.11 easily enough. Although nm are difficult once you learn the fights its all rather easy, believe it or not its true. Yea a bit more dancing as I like to call it but it needs to be harder right. And to make things even more of a challenge a couple of instance have been added to keep you on your toes. I won't comment on as I have not delved into them extensively as of yet.As of before pvp does not make a huge impact via in game but does help in over all upgrading items that your toon has in his/her arsenal.  Shambala has now been added as a new venue to go rumble in and has proven to be a place to quicly try out new builds and crazy build and builds that make no sense or just fun builds because your toon looks cool. Trust me no one really cares at least when I decided to dance in the middle on more than one occasion no one gave me crap for it. hehehe XD After all its a game and meant to have fun in. Ok blunt truth now. At first I love the new pvp area. But it does get old and the auto balance of your toon has been exploited by a few in game. Thankfully the match is over in about 5 mins but the rewards are good win or loose. A bit better if you win but the main purpose for going is not taken away.  Currency used to upgrade items on your toon.  The down side are the exploits some people use in the game. The run certain builds that take advantage of the balance and well it kinda over. In some cases its mostly prime time its who side has the most exploiters will win the match. More on the down side. It has left the other pvp zones to almost ghost towns. That have left to more crafty ways to finishing them if the zone has come up as a daily. Thankfully it seems exploiters are catching flak from other players as for the numbers seem to have dropped a bit.So as for pvper its proven to be a fun stomping ground, but could be disappointed as for the sudden drop in the other pvp zones. I think most including myself as for this novice pvp'er disappointed by the balance of rewards from one zone to the other and the new balance installed in Shambala only to be exploited by a slim number of elitists that have some profound thinking they are Uber leetz when most just think the opposite and they lack any kind of skill.My thumbs up still remains as I still find this game worth my time. And remain hopeful that the crew at TSW fix the issues that now come up that are all in all kinda minor and probably could be easly fixed. So keep gaming and who knows maybe see you in game.  8D"
,Recommended,215280,16480421,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Danny Branmuffins,"(Only just purchased on steam, but have 300 or so hours as of this writing)Mediocre combat. Fantastic (though sometimes rage inducing) investigative quests. Interesting take on character building, where you build a set of active and passive abilities that synergize well. One of the only MMOs where our group actually bothers to play with each other, instead of just racing to prep for dungeons. Play because you like theorycrafting or want a game where it's actually easy/rewarding to play with and help out friends."
76561198070764889,Recommended,215280,15493674,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,EbonyBromide,"So compellng and such a great change from WoW (I miss Vanilla Wow....), although WoW would probably have me hooked again if I spent the 5 days needed to download it all again.Only drawback is the amount of thinking needed (LOL?)I mean the game has it's own in game Google you need to use to solve quests.I think I'll try it again though - I can see it's worth the effort to get through the first few levels - just gets a bit confusing with how to character build and what to specialise in.An awesome concept that more people should take a chance on.  And yes, it's addictive unless you have absolutely no patience! :)Great graphics, items, lore, and really nice to be playing with ""real"" people and not just NPCs for a change."
76561198047275025,Recommended,215280,16528863,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vancrist,Very refreshing take on MMORPG. As a Lovecraft and horror fan I find this game is just fantastic!The PVP could use a little work however.
76561198030252897,Recommended,215280,15686157,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,drekoni,"love it?......it even has a button for ingame web surfing. The puzzles, quests. i mean just two thumbs up."
76561198050768118,Recommended,215280,13707789,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Senpai,Spent 28 hours downloading the same 348mbs to make my character and quit11/10 would download again
,Not Recommended,215280,17286677,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Gladium,"Secret World Legends is TSW for dummies with a monetization model reminiscent of a mobile game. TSW was my all time favorite game, and while it had issues, the saying ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it"" comes to mind. SWL breaks more than it fixes. If you are interested in the multiplayer aspect, run now. If you want a good Lovecraftian story with bits of folklore and urban legends, pick it up and don't drop a penny. It's free, and you can easily access all of the story. The multiplayer aspect of the game is no longer something I would recommend. Dungeons no longer drop loot, they drop a chance for loot. I am very invested in TSW, so I will keep tabs on the game just in case they resolve the new brokenness they have introduced. But like before SWL even launched, I am not too optimistic of Funcom's capabilities.Below is my previous review for TSW, written in 2015:""In total I have 2300 hours on my main character (I stopped launching the game through Steam ages ago), so I feel it is time to throw in a review. I have done everything there is to do in every single way possible (if you look away from some hybrid roles I find unsatisfactory).The base game is brilliant, offering a storyline that can be played completely on your own. A lot of people have insisted this game would be perfect, if only it had been singleplayer. I personally could not disagree more.The game offers you what is called the ""ability wheel"", containing 525 abilities. 50/50 passive/active. Passive abilities can be used with any weapon, whereas you will need the corresponding weapon for abilities. You can wield 2 weapons at once, and it would be unthinkable to only use one. Creating builds is very rewarding, and it feels great to make something that works in late endgame.Dungeons are in my opinion the strongest part of this game. Each adventure zone has a corresponding dungeon, and they come in 3 different flavors: Normal, elite and nightmare (NM). For each normal dungeon there is an elite/NM version offering greater challenges. The dungeons each have 6 bosses, and there is minimal trash. I repeat: MINIMAL trash. Killing trash is perhaps 5% of each dungeon, and you can run past a lot of it. Whereas other MMOs are glaced with trash delaying you from fighting the fun bosses, The Secret World offers them to you straight away.Post-release the game has has been updated at a very slow pace. The updates come as ""issues"", which will cost you a little bit. Some of these issues are great, whilst others you can give a miss unless you are trying to gear up prior to entering NM dungeons.Endgame gives you gear in the form of coins you spend on gear and upgrades. It is a very fair system, and it also makes impossible to rocket to maxed out gear in a short period of time. Yes, it is a grind, but with good company it is a fun grind. After investing in your gear you will add ""signets"" giving extra effects, such as damage multipliers. These can be bought, and make an immense impact on your performance.Furthermore, the game has a strange community. There are a lot of casual players and roleplayers, as well as a little ""hardcore"" community of players theorycrafting and inventing their own challenges where the game falls short.Recently the game has seen very few updates. Most recently they released a mini dungeon called ""Penthouse"", which is available as elite and NM. At launch this dungeon was only NM and very difficult, but after a couple of weeks, the challenge was practically ereased.For a long time the content being released has been singleplayer quests and the like, which strikes myself as well as many other players as odd. The upcoming content being added will be group oriented, but the future of the game seems uncertain due to the irregular update schedules and targets the developers cannot seem to hit (content is nearly always delayed).I would definitely give the game a try, but perhaps try not to get too invested. The game has let down many players who still cling on to the hope that things will pick up."""
76561198033042218,Recommended,215280,22660208,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,RiHub,Amazing game. Hidden MMORPG jewel.
76561198060257844,Recommended,215280,24784127,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dracula Spelled Backwards,"I was really looking forward to this game, and thought it had a lot of potential.  It does have some good points, like a pretty engaging story, especially for an MMO, and a really cool look.  It also has a very nice skill system that allows a lot of customization.  Unfortunately, it's very grindy.  Not as bad as some MMOs, but you will end up running through the same areas, doing the same quests, killing the same monsters over and over again.  After a while it gets tiring.The biggest issue with the game, though, is that it forces you to do a lot of solo missions, where your friends cannot come along.  When you're playing through the game with a group, and suddenly you all have to go into solo instances for twenty minutes to do some mission, it kills a lot of the fun of the game.  And those are the best missions, the ones with story and complexity, but you can't play them with other people.Overall it's better than average for an MMO, and if you like the sort of urban fantasy vibe, it does that very well."
,Recommended,215280,1060336,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Solidus,"I haven't played many MMORPG's and all get boring after a while.But this one is different for me. It's even the first MMORPG that i really enjoy playing.Great mature story, awesome atmosphere, nice cutscenes, very cool quests AND a MATURE community.I'm glad they removed the monthly subscription, and since that day the developers got a selling record.The game was a gift and i thank those people who gave it to me ! Thanks !"
,Recommended,215280,4148716,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Sharpsaber,"A very fun RPG that is unique and addictive, although the game is pretty slow paced you always feel rewarded. This game is completely worth the money in my opinion with hundreds of hours of gameplay and massive character customization. Not to mention many different worlds to explore and plenty of variety in enemies. One of the most underrated games out there."
,Recommended,215280,15500904,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DejaNintendo,"so i'm not very far into this game, this is basically a first impression of the game so far: the secret world doesnt play like most mmorpg's i've played before. in the ones i've played, y ou grow bored if you're just gridning or doing quests by yourself, but the thing i like about TSW is that you can play by yourself like its a regular rpg if you want to, and you won't lose interest, or so i haven't yet. one thing i would change is the combat, its not point and click attacking like in WOW or any other  mmo.  you don't attack with your mouse, rather your number buttons, which can be kind of bothersome when you encounter multiple foes. really cool storyline so far (i haven't played any other faction yet besides illuminati) and all in all, i'm enjoying this game so far. on sale righ tnow for about 10 bucks, i'd say its worth it."
,Recommended,215280,7588346,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Warlock Beta,Good modern setting MMO with diverse skills that put a little less stress on simple leveling and more stress on choosing your skills.I like it a lot.
,Recommended,215280,3221572,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Izzy,"This is a fun MMO that is different to the generic fantasy MMOs we mostly see. It's modern and focuses on modern weaponry such a guns, but of course theres magic too. The game is great because you can be whatever you want whenever you want. You're never forced into being a specific class/role and can change if you want to."
76561198029343598,Recommended,215280,11220903,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,MrMan,"Not much of an MMO person, as this is the only one I've really play and WILL play, at that..... It's prime is in its theming and atmosphere. Somebody pleas get this game already so i can play it with someone i know"
76561198093014045,Recommended,215280,18599278,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,ArchBird,"At first I was a bit skeptic, because all the MMO's I played were in a fantasy world, but ohgosh, I love 'The Secret World' so much! All the NPC's are amazing with great voice actors. There are more type of quests, for example the investigation ones, where sometimes you have to browse the internet to find answers and clues. You have a great set of skills and weapons and you can freely choose what you want to level. You can choose from three secret society and every one of them are unique and really interesting (I especially like the templars with Dame Julia :D).The combat is not that interesting in my opinion, but not that bad, especially if you choose a weapon which you really like. I think it's a great game and if you like MMO's and interesting stories, you should definitely try this game out! :)"
76561198041800118,Recommended,215280,11517466,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,dancingplatypus,"I'm really happy I tried this game -- I've overlooked it for years.  I was a long time Warcraft player, and fell out of love because it felt like a grind.  Grind for materials.  Grind for money.  I always had a laundry list of quests with which I power levelled whatever character I needed.  I ran dungeons over and over again for that off chance I'll get that one drop.  TSW is different in that the quests are actually interesting.  I'm not asked to gather 10 goblin necklaces -- I'm asked to track down a serial killer.  And if, god forbid, I do have to kill X # of this, I can skip it.  There is enough content to level up.  And levelling -- I really enjoy it.  You always have points coming in with which you can change your character if you feel you've made a mistake or you feel unhappy with the current state you are in.  I do miss the days when tanks were tanks and healers were alts, but I don't have that sort of time.  I just want to get through some content.  It reminded me a bit of Grand Theft Auto.  A little open world exploration followed by cut scenes followed by action.  Except that you can bring friends.The down side -- this isn't the standard thief/wizard/cleric/fighter game.  It's not elves and tauren and humans cohabitating.  Just humans and more humans in horror settings.  This means that as a franchise it will probably never have the sort of draw as Warcraft.  No draw, dubious financial future, dubious life span of the franchise.  I expect one day to see the plug get pulled.  And I will be sad.  Second -- I hate enforced solo content.  Several times during the main story you are required to go to a solo instance and play and battle.  If you decided to go full healer, you are out of luck -- go back and replay content until you come up with a new build that will make it.  Sorry, but that's a bit silly.  I'm playing this with my wife, and that kind of thing just alienates people who are there to play in a group, or who need more guidance.  This, along with the almost sterilie LFG channel system makes a mess of the social nature of the game that I remember so well from everquest and warcraft.  Maybe it's not the game -- maybe it's me.  But I liked logging in to talk to my friends who were out questing.  I just don't feel any of that here.  And finally, and this is just my personal bias, the zoning system makes the different chapters of this game feel way too compartmentalized.  I get it -- they are different stories, but I remember how cool it would feel to trudge across a desert to find some semi active volcano and forest -- just wandering from end to end of a giant continent.  But that is just not part of the way TSW works.  You go to the first stage of Transylvania or Egypt or some harbor town -- you play enough of the story and you unlock the next zone.Honestly, I bought the massive edition for my wife and I.  It's the price of two new release games.  When I compare that to buying two copies of Black Ops or Saints Row or whatever, it's a game whose price tag is a steal and has more than enough adventure."
76561198040811698,Recommended,215280,9727172,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Darkclaw3050,"Pros:-Modern setting with good graphics, intuitive controls, and tons of lore-Delve into the story behind factions including the Illuminati, the Templar, and the Dragon-Many hours of gameplay (At 20 hours I had just finished the first main area)-No subscription required, some free items included in purchase (check 'claim items' in store in game!)-Unique travel system between maps using underground tree network Agartha-Cutscenes and voices for every major NPC/quest to draw you into the story-Decent character customization choices for clothes/appearance-Unlock special outfits by completing certain skill sets-Over 500 skills to select from including 9 different weapon categories.-Equip 2 weapons at once, allowing use of skills from both seamlessly without even having to swap manually-Choose 7 active and 7 passive skills from any that you have unlocked from all categories.-Given time a single character could learn all skills; no specialization prevents you from unlocking any others-Solo play possible for those who enjoy it for all but the toughest missions-Variety of mission types - action, sabotage, investigations, item, dungeons, etc-Investigation mission puzzles are likely the most challenging you have seen in a gameCons:-No auto attacks, no attacking without skill use; this means you spend lots of time mashing your main skill button-Equipping new weapons/armor does not change the way your character appears-Some puzzles so challenging you are expected to solve using web browser, which can detract from immersion-Although no subscription required, you do have to pay for further releases of content (issues).-No means of travelling quickly within maps so you lose a lot of time having to repeatedly walk/fight your way through-'No class / No level' system is not accurate; you still gain XP and are limited by your skill and item levels-This makes it somewhat less clear when you are really 'level-appropriate' for a given area until you end up dying-Due to most missions being repeatable in any area, you have less of a feel of closure when moving on to the next area"
,Recommended,215280,16409221,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TfauxT,Love this game.
76561198097149433,Recommended,215280,16482309,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zombiekissingbooth,"This game is really fun with a large group, but the recent updates have been disappointing at best and deceptive money grabbing tactics at worst.I'll give it a thumbs up for the original storyline, but their newer content is garbage."
76561198020918685,Recommended,215280,3329987,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Barney,"This operates on the same model as Guild Wars 2 now, so no subscription fee. If you like conspiracy theories and Lovecraftian horror, and don't mind some slightly dated hotkey-based combat, this is pretty good. The writing is better than any other MMO I have played and the voice acting is good (apart from, as ever, anyone attempting to do a British accent).Worth trying now you only have to pay once for the game."
,Not Recommended,215280,9004521,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Tzunny,"PRO: New players should enjoy the free content which been paid with loads of $ since 2012 by every veteran player so this is a pro thing for everyone new to the game and newcomers do not need to spend a cent to enjoy the free story content. A minus to some of the missions is that they nerfed difficulty for a bunch of them while other missions made them longer and from an A to B became A - C - D - A - B type mission, is just take extra wasted time but the result is the same.Cons, here it comes, my 2 cents of an close beta player & since then active almost everyday in the original game over the 5 years, while own multiple original accounts and not f2p ones.F2P version is out and is replacing the original paid game The Secret World with this awfull version, FC transform TSW into a badjocke after 5 years!Secret World is only one & it was should stay so :cthulhu:So Fc should stop playing ignorant mode & let one of them best mmo's die while they was continue milk from it in the last 2 years while making bunch of promises which never been delivered, also they did a dk move 1 year ago when they sold lifetime membership discounted without to tell players that they will close the game months later.I turn my positive review into a negative review after 5 years+ and it will stay so as long Funcom don't care about the veteran players and just want a console fight mode nerfed game which can be played even by a todler.Like many others, I invested k's of $ in the game & now they replace the original game with this BS. I did support FC and original game in every bit and i was doing it with hope & happiness without any regrets but i wont do it for this f2p ever!Why wont release your f2p rubish game different from TSW and not replacing it with this creature?!Also funcom deleted Chronicle, which was a reason for many to be in top of the boards, was one of the best things in SW and they just wiped years of peoples work like it was nothing...They trashed away even the website main page with 5 years of monthly posts, event details, patch notes & other cool stuffs... :LIS_poker_face:I could go on but nothing will change because FC does care only about themselfs, the income and not what players want. I have no more interest even if in past i did a bunch of giveaways, donations & investments with this game and none from fkom show gratitude.Of course there are few that was stay because they are not able to start play something else this days, they've been brainwashed & hypnotized and they will play anything that FC give them even if it's a potato wrapped in a gold paper.A true perfect reviews i found over YT are here, enjoy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiEKJ0_K9nYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59V0WqaqgMkAlso the below test wont work either (never happened this in 6 years), of course thx fkom for this to:ːtemplarsː Which secret society do yːilluminatiːu belong tːthedragonː?Test yourself here !"
76561198001779852,Recommended,215280,9264166,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Somis,"wait for a sale then buy the massive edtion ,"
,Recommended,215280,15028823,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Charlotte,"This game is so wonderful for someone like me who prefers games set in modern-day settings. It's an excellent MMO with a deep combat and customization system, clothes that are not tied to armor, and an engaging storyline. If any of this appeals to you, I'd go ahead and pick it up when it's on sale."
76561198012654164,Recommended,215280,15132460,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Meinfuhrburger,I pooped a little.10/10 would poop again.
,Recommended,215280,8849946,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,EpiclyEpic,Really enjoy this game evryone should get it!
76561197995496059,Recommended,215280,11814382,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,lestant6,"Want to play a game that allows you to play all the classes? Want to play a horror style mmo?  Want to play a game that keep you coming back?  This is that game.  I have played it since the closed beta, left three times, and come back.  I love the stories, puzzles, and play style.  It can be as hard or as easy as you want with the investigation missions.  The only advice i would give is when you start you might pick 1 of the healing weapons as either your first or second weapon.  (fist/blood/assult rifle).  it makes  building your survival build much easier."
76561198069836515,Recommended,215280,10428332,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,"Tarmagoyf, Destroyer of Wallets","One of THE best buy to play MMOs out there, topping Guild Wars. The story is immersive and voice acting is top notch (I reccomend the Illuminati faction). Grabbed it for $15 and don't regret it. Def not a game to miss out on."
76561198092065417,Recommended,215280,11241296,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SoS (Piney),"I'm only partway through the first world; I think they call them ""issues"" with TSW.  The first issue plays like a MMO version of Resident Evil almost, but there are epic puzzles, truly freaky moments.  The graphics are pretty nice on the highest settings.  Combat is somewhat like Guild Wars 2, except you can mix and match abilities as you like and all characters can heal, tank, or DPS.  Crafting is somewhat odd, but easy once you get the hang of it.  There's loads of little collectibles and achievements if you're into that sort of thing as well.  The mission system is fairly straightforward, although you'll wish you could pick up more than the limit of side missions the game allows.  There are three factions to choose from, although you will run through mostly the same missions, you will see differing mission completion text tailored to what zone you're in and what faction you're in.  Voice acting so far is excellent.  TSW is also the brainchild of Ragnar Tornquist, the creator of The Longest Journey (an awesome P&C adventure title). The one dungeon I've been through was awesome, hard, and epic.The game doesn't require a subscription, but rather an initial purchase, and here's where TSW makes its money.  The initial purchase (at least through steam) will get you issues 1-4 or 1-7, depending on what version you get.  Currently TSW is up to Issue 9.  Each issue if purchased separately is basically $10.  However, from what I am hearing, each issue averages at least 40 hours of gameplay.  I'm 28 hours into the first issue, but my companion and I are trying to hit every mission.  You can also buy clothing and special items.  It's not pay to win by any stretch of the imagination...it's pay once to continue playing for a long time, and pay to customize your character.I'd definitely recommend playing with another person, it's way more fun.  I don't even want to play it by myself.  I usually end up healing and hitting with ranged attacks while my compatriot tanks with melee attacks."
76561198048717131,Recommended,215280,12857469,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,drbinxy,"I've tried about a billion MMO games but this one is by far the best I've ever played. Everything about it is good. Questing, levelling, storyline, community, graphics, ZOMG loot, PVP. All of the above are great and it leaves nothing to be desired. Don't expect to not be dishing out any cash for the full experience though, there's plenty of expansion content that costs cash, all 100% worth it."
,Recommended,215280,10102713,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Mr. Green,"This game is pretty damn good if I say so myself. The storyline is unique in a sense that it combines modern day cities and areas with ancient myths, giving it a farmiliar feel but also a very foreign vibe to the environments. The characters are completely customizable, both in the way they look and how there is no specific class system. The community is very helpful with different problems as long as you just ask, and overall it is a fun and addictive experience. The only complaints I have on this game is that the graphics seem outdated by a couple of years or so, and it is hard. And I mean HARD. Because of the way the game is built, there is no leveling however your character recieves skill points to level up different skills and items, most of which would keep you alive in higher skilled areas. I found it hard to just go in alone and do my own thing, and the community is smaller than a standard MMO so it usually is just solo questing. Of course, once skills and quality gear is found, the game progresses rapidly and you'll be in transylvania and egypt in no time. There isn't much of a learning curve, although it takes some experimenting to find out your own playstyle, as there is no class or leveling system. All in all, a buy to play game with no subscription fee is well worth the money, and in the case of the Secret World, is worth every penny. 9/10"
76561197978516411,Recommended,215280,10438409,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Ztrax,cool story
76561197991523491,Recommended,215280,11410920,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mojoyoyo,"Amazing game. You could play all the others mmorpgs in the market and you would not find anything like this game. The combat is not that good, ok, but story, leveling up and configurating your skills are from another world. 100% new 100% original. If you don't want another wow, this is your game. Mindbreaking concepts."
,Recommended,215280,13590403,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Asys,Great game!
,Recommended,215280,11787837,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Diken,"The most interesting mmorpg I have ever played. Here's a few reasons why I think so:Quests: They require some skills and/or a little thinking to complete. You will never want to skip any new cinematic, besides you might want to watch them again.Dungeons: They require a good amount of teamwork (ALL THE TIME!) to survive and help survive. The atmosphere for each dungeon is unique and you need to share tactics to survive some fights.PvP: There are 3 different PvP zones with quite different goals to compete;  and there  are 3 factions competing which makes player versus player fights more tactical than many other games.Role Playing: Dude! That's the best thing in this game. Players are always friendly and easy to communicate that it makes role playing easier to take place. Costumes are great. There is no other game which allows you to buy (with or without spending real money) soooo many costumes. TWS also has events such as costume contests.  Most of the similar games pay the least attention on allowing people to customize their characters' looks. In TSW you can customize your outfit the way you like and not only female players love it!!!"
76561198018688635,Recommended,215280,26370273,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MacFeegle,"A decent game with some unusual elements for a semi-action MMO. However, it seems that at one point during its development, the project suffered a few major hits (budget, staffing, production, etc) and to be brutally honest, I don't think this title ever really recovered. What went live was not what this game had the potential to be.I'm not going to ramble about specifics. The UI is a bit dodgy, the gameplay is middle of the road for semi-action MMOs, the writing is reasonable, the in-game instructions on how to play it are not, and if you don't have at least a moderate graphics processor, you're going to struggle with some of this game. Beyond that, all I'm going to say is THIS GAME IS NOT SCARY. It's more of a conspiracy theory MMO than anything else, regardless of what the first zone might be attempting. Oh, and... expect puzzles which involve knowledge you probably don't have.I'm going to recommend this game with a caveat: play it for free for a while, at least until you hit the content pay wall. Keep an open mind about it - you may find the design differences refreshing. If not, well... all you've lost is time."
,Recommended,215280,24110331,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dicky_Joseph,"One of the few mmos that I can get into without a group of friends to play with. I'd say this one is truly original when compared to the WOW style mmos that are all too common.ProsNo levels, just gear (enchanted belts, rings, bracelets, etc)Freedom to switch it up as often as you like (weapons,passives,actives)Clothing is completely aesthetic, wear whatever looks goodIt's pretty solid in the gameplay department as well. You can equp two different weapons and alternate their abilities to create unique combinations, and the game helps you out by giving you templates (""decks"") that give you a path to take toward an effective weapon combination.ConsWarning/spoiler:Story is complete gibberish, and most of the voice acting is sub-par. At no point does the main storyline even begin to make sense, so just roll with it. (lol)Overall, I think this is a great game that is worth maybe 30 dollars for everything that it offers. (Get it on sale, if at all)8/10 at current sale price5/10 at full price"
,Recommended,215280,8463092,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dysmetria,Excellent storytelling and a break from the fantasy and sci-fi mold make this game engrossing. The ability to level up all the different weapons and skills on a character and swap between different sets of them at will means you never have to reroll or level an alt or find someone that can fit the role you need. At 100+ hours I've still got lots to explore. Well worth the price.
76561197969744654,Recommended,215280,8770303,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Froshbyte,I bought this game on sale 10 bucks man and i find it a nice change from other mmo's.I read up on reviews and i see mixed emotions for this game but yes it has it pros and cons.But also a very nice story to it.
,Recommended,215280,171716,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Whole Fn Show,"I'm not an MMO connoisseur and I've seen a lot of criticism I don't understand about this game such people might want to investigate for themselves, but if you liked Longest Journey and Dreamfall or a game that encourages (but doesn't force as has been reported) the learning of, for example, Morse Code, you should definately look into this."
,Recommended,215280,7550520,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Yorutamashi,"Best MMO I've played in many years...I was so tired of the classic elves-dwarfs-orcs styled MMOs, all medieval and fairies everywhere...Now i can play in the cold technologic modern world, where secret societies run everything.It's just perfect.And the quests aren't just ""go talk to that guy, skip the dialog and go back to get your reward"".Here you actually need to do research and pay attention to details and conversations.The only thing i don't like is to have a voiceless character, i never liked that from any game.And again, unlike other MMOs here you need a real strategy to defeat different bosses or even some mobs, it's not just go target and click some skill buttons.100% recommended if you like this kind of games."
76561198027256299,Recommended,215280,7821460,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Failed Infidel,"The voice acting is superb!The gameplay and graphics are good. Deep character customisation, a vast array of skills, abilities and outfits to choose from. It mixes up the standard MMO format of 'go there, kill x' and 'collect stuff and bring\take it here\there', with some interesting investigation quests that can be a real challenge.All this with no monthly subscription. My only regret is waiting so long to pick it up."
,Recommended,215280,8213461,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tyree42,"If you want a game that mixes thought provoking puzzles, a classless system, complex-as-you-want ability system as well as traditional MMORPG elements ... TSW is fabulous.  The graphics are very nice (intel i5 w/ Geforce GTX 670 4GB and 16 GB RAM runs ~60 fps).  The investigative missions can be VERY hard (for example, need to know or study Morse Code for one particular mission).  No other game I know of has a built in Web Browser just so you can look up which composer wrote a particular song so you can hack a password ingame.  FunCom is not trying to nickel and dime you but does offer boosts and vanity items in the online store.  Catch it on sale for 15 bucks you will be completely tickled.  Pay full price and you will not regret it.  You'll easily get your money out of this one even before you leave the first real zone.If you are not interested in having to think through problems and want everything handed to you ... THIS IS NOT THE GAME FOR YOU.  You do not have to do investigative missions at all, but they really do help set this one apart from everything else.On the bad side ... my only complaint is some of the monsters' models looks overdone.  Someone tried way to hard to give lots of detail and really only succeeded in a mess.  But they are monsters, so they shouldn't be pretty.----------------------------------------------------------------------:steamhappy:   Update 2017/06/30 for Secret World Legends -- this is NOT an MMORPG, the tags need to be wiped and re-applied.  It is officially described as a Shared World Action RPG.  All the missions are the same as TSW but now there are 50 Levels and typical Tank, Healer, DeePS skill trees instead of the open, classless system of TSW.  Simplified combat (less active/passive skills available).  PvP seems less chaotic and smaller teams (10 v 10? can't remember).For a Free to Play, you can't go wrong on this one! If you think leveling is too slow, then buy Patron status for a month and you'll have all the points you need!:steamhappy:"
76561198037469583,Recommended,215280,17271159,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The evil Overlord,">be me>just bought the game, start playing, massive noob>sick of always ending up as the support>decides to play as anything but suport>picks hand-to-hand+blood magic bc why not?>starts playing>""hmm, wonder what skills hth+blood has that goes well together?"">trucktonnes of healing, turns out>mfw i chose a perfect healer build out of instinkt>resign to fate, start a new char as assault rifle+blood magic agressive healer>10/10, would discover personal fate again!UPDATE!!Secret World Legends: The only MMO where you can (and most likely WILL) have ungodly things done to you by an omnidimensional-tentacle-flu! NOW IN HD!! :D""No amount of hentai can prepare you for such a thing... @_@ "" - quote from ""happy"" customer of Sycoil Enterprise."
76561198071705439,Recommended,215280,12769032,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Eragon Stormrage,8/10 It is a very good game with new mechanics and beautiful story and cinematics making you feel like youre in a movie.
,Recommended,215280,16356008,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Bänkt,This game is unlike any mmo i've played before and i like it.
76561197997136966,Recommended,215280,13739544,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,E30Legend,"Wow, what can I say, if you're looking for something different look no further.I've only played a few hour but I'm already hooked.  I've played lots of MMO's and TSW definitely thinks outside of the box, the story is immersive and really draws you in.If you want the same old MMO go and play WoW,  If you want a grown up MMO and have to think for a change, TSW is the game for you."
,Recommended,215280,18922980,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,yatesfam,"So much fun!  I've been running around like crazy!There are four major mission types in any MMO, you have your escort mission, kill missions, click the glowy missions and exploration missions.  This game does it really well and throws in stealth missions and puzzles.  They need more clothing options and I'd like to see a wider array of weapons, but honestly it's a great game with a wonderful story.Sorry, I've got to go to a crashed cargo ship now and fight a 50 foot spawn of Cthulhu!  Wish me luck!"
76561197995246491,Recommended,215280,9842914,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,jolly,"Fantastic game! Take the classic mmorpg formula and makes it way better with awesome weapon skill combos, a fantastic story in a horror setting, and just simply great gameplay with tons of stuff to do. Get the trial, you won't regret it!"
76561198021852281,Recommended,215280,9014124,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,G00M8A,"for a long time MMo Fan and player,  Recommending TSW wasn't hard, this game is a refreshing change of pace.Sure the game is outdated in many ways, but in the end its still a very enjoyable game."
76561198082935977,Recommended,215280,10184956,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Peasant,"1) This game has no character classes, so no separation by character class.2) No special armor that helps you better than other players so u don't have to worry about what you look like. (Except talismans help with stats)3) Humorous and FUN!!!4) Can be dirty but also a little clean/subliminal.5) Just buy this game because it is AWESOME!!!(Talismans are not visible on your character ANYWHERE)"
76561198049961718,Recommended,215280,9689580,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Aedalus,"-----------------------------------------Battle Cthulhu, reclaim Hell, explore an abandoned amusement park, investigate the mysterious Orochi Group, haunted mansions, Indian legends, ancient cities, condemned laboratories, child experiments, buzzing bees, the growing Filth, mad scientists, soviet slaughterhouses, and all things occult. Come on in.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------State of the MMO:A niche game with a small but dedicated fan base. New content is still being added. I wouldn't worry that you are buying an MMO at the end of it's life.-----------------------------------------There are great adventure zones:Kingsmouth, where a mysterious fog has rolled in and brought its share of zombies.Egypt, where a group of cultists are working to revive a dead god.Transylvania, where ghouls and spectors outnumber townsfolk, and old soviet experiments have created deadly vampires.Tokyo, soon to be released.-----------------------------------------Skill System/Theorycrafting:There are nine weapons, from which you can use any two at a time. Each weapon focuses on two possible roles, like healing/tanking/dps/support. There are over 500 unique skills in total, and the forums are always buzzing about the optimal builds for each role. No weapons are really that underpowered, and each works well depending on the situation. Gear can get rather complicated at high levels. People who like min-maxing will have a blast. If you don't, tons of people will be happy to give you tips.-----------------------------------------Missions:Some of the best I have ever played. There are ""investigation"" missions where you must crack codes, solve mysteries, and investigate the occult. A lot of these bring back a pen and paper adventure game feel, but can easily be avoided if not your cup of tea. Most missions are on a 1-2 day cooldown, after which you can do them again if you like.-----------------------------------------PvP:I actually can't recommend this. There are some that really love it, but I would not say this is one of the games stronger points.-----------------------------------------The Community:This game has the best community I've ever seen. It's a more mature demographic than you might find on the average WoW server. It's easy to find a guild to group/raid with, and even at low levels there are tons of people eager to help. There is even a player made, in-game channel called the Sanctuary, devoted to helping newcomers.-----------------------------------------Cash Shop:There is a cash shop, but 90% of it consists of vanity items/exp boosts. There is nothing in it that could really be seen as pay-to-win. As the game is no longer on a pay-to-play, new content is a one time purchase in the cash shop. Again,  they are not strictly necessary, but I've enjoyed each one enough that I would buy it again. If the massive edition is on sale you might want to get that, as it will save you around $20 at a later date.----------------------------------------------Overall I would highly recommend it."
76561198012245691,Recommended,215280,9691029,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sparrow,"It has a different vibe than most MMOs and has a lot going for it, but it doesn't escape being a bit too grindy and being long on typical MMO quests (FedEX, kill x of y, go from a to b, etc).  I logged 40 hours before tiring of it and can recommend it because it was a pretty good entertainment value if not especially memorable."
,Recommended,215280,9736885,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Silvius,"The Secret World is a game I was tempted to play when it was released in 2012, but because it was most likely yet another MMO condemned to fail I just never bothered. The Steam sale reminded me of its existence and the removal of the subscription requirement gave me a reason to try it out.Yes, it's barely alive and (thus) not much of a MMO but the Secret World still manages to be surprisingly entertaining nonetheless. It may have been different before, but I'm very well able to play the game without even sharing a minute with another player. I even surprised myself with a feeling of rather irritation than excitement when I see another player, who is most likely going after 'my' quest mobs or about to spoil a future quest event. The only thing you might miss when playing on your own are the few dungeons the game has, but the solo-instances make up for them.Which brings me to the strongest point of the Secret World: the quests are captivating. Not just because of the dark (sometimes twisted) stories they have to tell, but also the refreshing gameplay. Most quests involve in-game cinematics and the occasional text (item) is often displayed to you in a very creative and attractive way. Yes, you're still more often than not killing # of these things and gather # of those items. But it rarely feels like a grind; as the mobs and the environment are stunningly original and demand your full attention: Traps are where you least expect them and the mobs are often well camouflaged. A step in the wrong direction often results in death due to a 'double pull'. The occasional 'research quest' are incredibly well done and connects the game with the real world in a fantastic way. Though people with a proper brain will still find some of them extremely challenging.Veterans might beg to differ, but the game is hard so far. As a newbie you're thrown into the deep after struggling with poor tutorials and a 'help'-system that seems to be half finished; on some meaningless subjects you're bored with a video, while some of the essential subjects consist of one empty sentence. While the game pretends like it doesn't matter what kind of weapon (spec) you pick, you will notice soon enough that without any strong healing abilities you'll end up dead quite often, as the healing abilities of some weapons simply aren't good enough. After I realized this and adopted 'Blood Magic'-healing, the game feels more doable.ConclusionThe relatively hard (combat gameplay and learning) difficulty and 'subscribe-to-play' competition were probably the main reasons this game wasn't succesful as an MMO. Yet the Secret World is captivating, rewarding and original in its genre. I sincerely recommend you to give it a go when you're into challenging games with good stories to tell."
,Recommended,215280,9574403,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Alhazred,"Dark Demons Cry GaiaAs someone who generally avoids MMOs,The Secret Worldhooked me fairly easily with its modern-day urban fantasy setting andDeus Ex-like approach to conspiracy lore. In presentation alone it’s a huge breath of fresh air.The game is “buy to play,” requiring an initial purchase with further subscription being optional. The benefits to a subscription are loyalty rewards for time subscribed ranging from unique pets to clothing items, an XP boost, a 10% discount in the item store, and, most notably, ten dollars worth of currency for said item store. The store itself is home to a great deal of items, but they can ultimately be placed into two categories: Cosmetic and Boosts; even the mystery Loot Crates only provide semi-randomized bonuses that fall into the second category. Paying real money for anything that affects gameplay is really only buying an accelerator for one kind of progression or another, and progression is nowhere near slow enough to make the player feel shoehorned into spending money if they don’t want to. In fact, it’s probably far more likely you’ll find a pair of pants youreallywant for your character in the item store than a boost you can’t live without.Being effective in combat is more about planning out builds and skill rotation than spamming abilities; players have a fairly limited number of active abilities at any given time, split between any combination of two weapon classes. Some combinations are, of course, better than others, but most weapons have something to offer any given role. The MMO “holy trinity” is present in any activity requiring a group, but because the game is classless and every player eventually learns every skill, there is significant wiggle room. One (in)famous dungeon is often done with a self-healing tank, for example, while the group’s healer switches over to dedicated damage-dealing. Another dungeon usually sees the damage-dealers also playing support roles to help the healer deal with the bosses’ tendency to spam damage-over-time effects.Aside from things specifically meant for groups, the main meat of the game can be experienced from start to finish by a solo player, although this severely limits play options; a soloist will have to be able to survive on their own, requiring some form of healing or tanking ability, usually the former. Co-op’ing the story and sidequests with even a single friend can result in a much more diversified experience with players able to pick and choose roles, but the capability of solo play allows players who wouldn’t normally be interested in a social experience to treat the game like a normal RPG with drop in/drop out co-op. While endgame dungeon grinds can’t be done solo by any means, theentirestory can be played through without ever touching the endgame grind. A player uninterested in making the numbers on their gear go up will not find themselves hindered in advancing the plot.The story itself puts most single-player RPGs to shame. NPCs are lovingly voice-acted and animated, reflected in the game’s 40GB install size. Moreover, they are written as interesting people and do not lose the player to apathy while waiting for them to just say what item they need five of brought to them. Mechanics like player resurrection don’t just have lampshades hung on them, but are actually important to the setting; being dead and looking for something of interest on the other side is required for solving more than one quest. The actual plot twists and turns around the game’s various locations, avoiding frustration by giving the player character actual progress in solving the various mysteries before bringing up new ones. There isa lotof story to go through; sidequests often provide relevant information, if not easy access to the in-game codex, giving a reason to do them beyond the XP reward. Unfortunately, the plot does not vary greatly between the different factions; the different NPCs one must deal with provide greater variety between them than the faction specific missions, although a point in those missions’ favor is that they are each actually the same mission as seen differently by each organization. Still, at no point did I find myself not caring what happens next, and not just for the main plot. The player is actively encouraged to wander aroundElder Scrollsstyle (though the game world is nowhere near as large as that comparison may imply, unfortunately,) exploring everything. Many quests are found in the wild instead of being given by NPC questgivers, and almost every quest involves exploring the setting in some way, even if it’s only fighting back a nasty overgrowth of the local eldritch horror.Quests are built with the setting in mind. An entire subset of quests is labeled as “Investigation,” and the game is not kidding. These often require serious thought and observation of details, a far cry from the usual MMO fetch quest. The fact that your character is given a high-end smartphone in the beginning is not just for flavor, as you will often use the in-game web browser to check information from company websites and blogs, or, if you’re very poor at puzzle solving like I am, to google the solution. There is absolutely no shame in giving up on a quest or three in this game. While the investigation missions may be unforgiving, they are rarely illogical and progress naturally; finishing one without cheating feels like one has made a genuine triumph instead of feeling like one has worked around obtuse design.If anything is obtuse, it’s not the quest design but, rather, the UI. Why a game that has not one but two quests involving morse code does not come standard with an in-game notepad is beyond me. Fortunately, many of the UI’s shortcomings (including the lack of a notepad) can be solved with third-party plugins. Quests are also not bug-free, but the developers have been very diligent in fixing them since release. They're also very attentive towards the player base; not only do events happen regularly, they last long enough for anyone interested to achieve even the most grindy of goals and once-in-the-game’s-lifetime rewards without playing the game non-stop for a week on end.The game does not have in-depth PvP, but what’s there is functional. Enough people play it that you’ll end up in a queue for the PvP areas more often than not. Starting players will have a stat boost when entering PvP so it can be played at any point in character progression, not just end-game. Effectiveness is entirely based on build, and the game encourages different builds not only for different situations, but for the different activities as well. A standard solo build will be less effective in a dungeon, a standard dungeon build will be less effective in the Scenario activities where each player must have some level of survivability instead of relying purely on the healer. The game makes it relatively easy to manage different builds with an easy menu for saving them and then switching between different ones.The graphics do not disappoint. High settings put a high amount of detail on everything, from paved road to grass to buildings to clothing. The game is fairly scalable but meeting the minimum system requirements are a must, the developers have not been conservative with them. If you choose to roll a Dragon, be prepared for an experience with the uncanny valley in the intro; by and large, however, the game avoids this problem. The writhing Filth lives up to the horror people speak of it with. The baked desert of Egypt is, as it should be, a far cry from soggy, dreary New England.The Secret Worldbrings some much-needed variety into the MMO space, not just for the setting, but for the effort put into quest design that makes accomplishing things both interesting and fulfilling."
,Recommended,215280,15066908,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Marcusq(chel wuz here),"It is a great game just a little slow, the skill tree and gear system are broken beyond all hope of repair. Way too many vendors and the hub worlds are too confusing. But the Lore and combat make up for those short comings."
,Recommended,215280,13741963,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ShakeTheSnake,"This is the first MMO I ever played and I like it, will you like it? ?"
,Not Recommended,215280,26277312,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Neosamuel,"This is without a doubt an interesting take on the MMO genre. Instread of the usual high fantasy route, this game decided to go with a more urban take and set the game in the modern world kept secret to all of us normal people. As your character is basically forced to join into a secret society; either the Illuminati (who are much less competent than you would think), the Templars (Think old guard, less sinester than Assassin's Creed would have you believe) and the Dragon (Far East Triad that does what the Illuminati wishes they were doing). Afterwards you take up your new powers and fight against supernatural horrors arround the world or atleast the Soloman Isles, Egypt, and Transylvania in the base game.Combat is mostly combo points to anyone familiar with WoW or Diablo, Firearms attach them to your enemies, magic has your character hold the points, and melee changes it up and works like a 5 point energy that restores over time. It doesn't take much to get use to.Quests come mostly in two favors, your 20 bear asses collect or kill quests and investigation missions. Investigation has you searching areas, solving puzzles, learning passwords that often require real world research to find. The game has an in game internet browser for this reason. Yes, investigation missions give more experence than almost anything else (that anything else being the main story).Overall this MMO is intresting, but I can only recomend it if you can find it on sale. I will also note that this is only for the base game. You will be paying more money if you want more content outside of the base game."
,Recommended,215280,11687783,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,AngryLizard,"People may be put off by the big price tag, but its definatly worth the money you pay for it! The controls at first seem a bit hard to use, but after playing it for a few hours (which you will have no trouble doing so) you will get used to the controls and start to actually enjoy them! The game is huge. Ive only played for about 40 hours, over 2 different characters, and Im still in the first issue/expansion pack! The community in TSW is great. You will end up doing quests with a few randomers if you are doing the same quest, which is an experience you wont get in something like WoW. This is a great MMO with a subscription like experience, with a pay once, play forever price tag! Great MMO and I recommend it to anyone interested in MMO's, but is put off by the subsription based games."
,Recommended,215280,8747173,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Jalent,"Great game.  Many reviews call it one of the most underrated games out there and I have to call that pretty accurate.  MMO in a modern environment with all kinds of fun twists.  The game has a great mix of zombies, cultists, conspiracy theory, and other crazy subjects that just fit well.  It keeps some of the favorite MMO conventions like tank, healer, dps roles---but at the same time, breaks away with a fairly complex skill system.  The game is overwhelming and pretty hard at times and always a bit strange--but very few games have captured me like TSW.  The quests are actually interesting and varied.  The cut-scenes remind me of GTA a bit in style and do a good job of drawing you in without being too long winded."
,Recommended,215280,11050263,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Stephen Harper <Uncle-Daddy>,"The Secret World is a very Unique game (in a good way though), and I highly recommend it because of how Open, Large and how you will NEVER run out of missions anytime soon."
,Recommended,215280,2103123,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,novocain,Rather unique MMORPG with many interesting elements.
,Recommended,215280,9047317,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Pinkspring,"An absolutely amazing MMO that nevertheless is not for everyone.Words of warning first: TSW is complicated, TSW is not for the attention-deficient, the young, the easily startled or those with a weak computer. TSW has an extremely deep and unique system both in quests that will realy force you to use your grey matter (And at times look up walkthroughs in frustration) and a levelling system unlike any other MMO that will be very tricky to figure out! (Protip: If you are new, stick to the decks! Grab a beginner deck, then an advanced one)Words of praise: As said, TSW is an MMO unlike any other. The setting is unique, the quests are unique, you will not find a WoW clone here, and the graphics, if your computer can handle them, are incredible. The game stays interesting all throughout, and the story and setting are thoroughly fascinated. Those who persist will find a very immersive and entertaining MMO that takes you on a journey through The Secret World.Everything is true, now you must protect the innocent from the monsters in the dark.Well worth the money it charges, given the lack of a monthly fee, it is very affordable."
76561198027177199,Recommended,215280,11485245,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Invader Ellie,"Something about The Secret World immediately makes me paranoid in the best of ways.It doesn't play like a cookie-cutter WoW clone, which I think is a very good thing. It's VERY story heavy, and the story is fiendishly engaging. A lot of the quests have fully voiced cutscenes which involve the NPCs giving you hints for what you should do. The quests are highly intuitive and unique and are, in my opinion, a fantastic study in how to break the 'Kill X monsters' or 'Find Y items' monotony of many MMOs. Prepare to use your brain because these quests actually require you to think. Pressing B in-game brings up an internet browser which they fully expect you to use to google things. One quest wanted me to spell out a specific word from a specific verse in a Latin translation of the Bible. Another had me go to a fake company's website to look up how to repair one of their radio dishes and then sent me a location in Morose Code. I haven't even covered a fraction of the content, but I'm excited to see what else they have for me.The game isn't perfect by any means, but it's still really cool. The setting and the world they put together is my all-time favorite type of setting, so I admit I'm biased on that but even so it's really well done and very coherent. I'll try and wrap this up without repeating things now:Pros:Super awesome atmosphere, interesting story line, really unique and memorable quests, gear and clothing are different things so you can dress however you'd like, go clothes shopping in London, punch some zombies, really flexible skill system which can and should be changed up as needed, most things can be completed solo if approached intelligently, it actually treats me as if I can think instead of blindly pushing me from quest hub to quest hub, you can phone in completed quests so you don't have to run back to the quest giver, look for quest clues while you're a ghost, there's a skinwalker type dude who can sell you GIANT STACKS OF TACOS in London. Don't want to use tacos instead of traditional health potions? That's cool too because you can break the tacos into giant stacks of nachos for quicker snacks.Cons:Skill system can be intimidating at first, the minimum specs are kind of high and it doesn't really play well if they aren't met, quests, especially investigation type quests, can get really hard, really fast simply because it's expecting me to do things I'm not trained to do in a game. One quest dealt with a ghost and I didn't know what to do because it turns out I needed to be dead to see the next clue.It's different, but I'd like to see more things like it. There isn't a subscription fee so if you're even curious you should give it a chance. If you're not sure it'll run, ask someone who plays for a referral and try it for 72 hours free.And remember, EVERYTHING. IS. TRUE."
,Recommended,215280,15765071,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,venice (b ^_^)b,"it was♥♥♥♥♥♥but they made it less♥♥♥♥♥♥ now it's only kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥but i'm enjoying it regardless. if you're dumb, dont bother playing, because it's puzzles as"
,Recommended,215280,27536118,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anashel,"Incredible game, a landmark in mmorpg, horror and lovecraftian game history... :)"
76561198024450686,Not Recommended,215280,30600755,Posted: 18 March,all,Aaces,"I purchased this game during the original launch. There was a spirit that was there with the release (for anyone who saw the teaser commercials) that really had a hard time making it to the game.I am a huge Lovecraft fan and I enjoy every aspect of cosmic horror. The base game captures a lot of cosmic horror elements quite well, but if you're not willing to pay every time you want to see a little bit of new content, you'll be left bored pretty quickly.Cons:- 0 Endgame- Poor optimization has plagued this game forever- Makes PvP a chore to play through when multiple people group together- High particle density boss fights lag- Gated 'premium' content (micro-expansions that nickel and dime you for 1 new dungeon and a minor story line)- Became a dress-up simulator after initial launch failed- World PvP is skewed by faction popularity (Illuminati -> Templars -> Dragon)Pros:- Alt-free system (on the fly class-changing)- Atmosphere and base story are amazing- Being a Templar- Not being a Dragon (who even are these guys)- Not being Illuminati"
76561198002682943,Recommended,215280,33076671,Posted: 1 July,all,ansumana,"Secret World Legends Review.The Secret World was the MMO I always felt like I loved but everytime I went back to it I couldn't stand playing for more than a week or two.  The horror theme, world and stories were great, but too many systems (combat, etc) just grated.Legends didn't fix everything, and personally I don't think the combat is even that much better.  A little better, but the game does show its age.  More importantly the world is still there, progress is more streamlined, and a lot of the quests are more group friendly.Plus it's free.  And while the monetization can feel annoying it's also not as bad as people say.  Purple caches drop like water from mobs which require real money keys, but you can just sell them for game currency and move on with your life.  You're just missing out on some cosmetics and a few boosters you can get from elsewhere.If you only slogged through the first few maps in the original, then I think it's worth your time to grab a friend and play this version.  Play at your own pace, and enjoy this gem of a horor MMO."
,Recommended,215280,21998297,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Lomelind,Great  game for mystic/mystery lovers.10/10
,Recommended,215280,28832702,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dagr,"My favorite MMO to dateThe option to choose any 2 weapon types to form you own class, the mythos of the story line and settings, the versatility in roles for pve.Only downside for is the optimization for hardware. Laptops can barely play it on low settings making away from home gaming impossible, especially pve dungeons/raids."
,Recommended,215280,14652650,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Abe,Illuminati Simulator since 2012
76561198131416604,Recommended,215280,35500604,Posted: 5 October,all,TrundlerG,"I would give this game a 9.5/10!I had to edit to say this at the begining of my review: Don't listen to people saying this game is freemium or pay2play or pay2win. Sure you can buy some things if you pay with money but everything in the game, inculding the things you can buy with money, can be aquired by playing and using in-game currency!For me, this game is a perfect blend of the best features of Elder Scrolls Online, Neverwinter and World of Warcraft: Any class can use any weapon just like Elder Scrolls Online, you can pick any active and passive abilities from a diverse selection of abilities like in Neverwinter and the auction house and quests are really memorable like World of Warcraft. There are other aspects that are similar to other games too but not these similarities take nothing away from the game, they add to an already great game!I bought the game back when it was called The Secret World, I made a character and even joined a Cabal (what ""guilds"" are called in the game). I played for a while but got bored really soon. The game had a lot of potential and the story telling was great but a lot of gameplay aspects were bad. The skill tree, or circle, was bad and the overall gameplay seemed subpar to how great the quests were. I came back to check on it since I had already bought the game, but now it's as if this is how this game was meant to be all this time!As far as cons, I can think of only one and that is the relative age of this game. I mean not The Secret World (TSW) but Secret World Legends (SWL) itself. Since it's relaunch, a lot of things has come out but some features from TSW are still missing. For example, there was a surgeon npc in the old game that allowed you to edit your appearance but that npc is still not implemented in SWL. Another example is that there is only one pvp map. However, these are cons that will become pros as time passes so there is no need to count them as cons for the game itself."
,Recommended,215280,8259271,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,50percentjoe,"Do you like Lovecraft, mildly stylish combat, and customization? You'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,215280,12480243,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BanditFly,Honestly the best MMO I have ever played.  Never need to re-roll you r toon!  :)
,Recommended,215280,8574808,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lynaritic,"Excellent game, and very different compared to other games that I have played."
,Recommended,215280,10415205,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,GameAssassin1020,"Game is amazing, one of the mest mmo's out there. And if you like mmos and have a computer that can play this I highly recommend it.You might see people in the negative/thumbs down sections saying it's hard, and that's wrong. You can rank up easiliy by replaying earlier missions, which only get easier when you rank up. And with these new points you can start on new weapons and builds if you would like to explore. In the end you will have every weapon in the game and be free to switch at any time."
,Recommended,215280,33326997,Posted: 6 July,all,Eden Hack,Best lore and storytelling of any mmo I have ever played. New combat change update is pretty great as well. Definetly a fantastic game to get immersed in rather than dungeon grind for end-game stuff. Love the puzzles.
,Recommended,215280,20486135,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tomas Marlen,"(update, this review is for original TSW not The Secret World Legends)304hours in 3weeks XD Best MMORPG ever, epic world, sweet&fresh game mechanics, cool DX11 graphics and the most customizable character ever, great community and RolePlay, no hackers so far as I get and of course its definitely not pay to win. Cant believe its been out there for so long. Gues its not game for everyone, but thats what makes it so Secret and Unique :D Thank u Funcom for delivering such a Gem."
,Not Recommended,215280,34519580,Posted: 26 August,all,$20 is $20 dude,Not worth it at all. Find other games to invest your time into.
76561197970649857,Not Recommended,215280,34129329,Posted: 9 August,all,-|TDB|-Kyron5,"I loved the original flawed version of The Secret World. Bad choices on changes in reboot and re-release ruin an entertaining game. Too many of the changes make the game feel like a grind fest to get better gear and unlock areas and missions. Daily log in rewards ape Wildstar and others. Pacing for the game is totally ruined. Freeium mentality ruined this game. There are lots of ways to pay to increase rewards and leveling. Even the paid Patron system is ruined by meager rewards. Save your time, play something else.  Combat makes kiting a game of constantly retreating backward.  Targeting system is lousy. Mouse interaction is lousy. No new content at reboot release was a huge let down. A forced wipe of servers meant restarting from beginning.  Central hub makes other hubs completely pointless. No real gear vendor for in game currency. Currency is now split into several types again, one of which is either pay or grind to earn by earning lower and exchanging large amount. No real mission rewards. No real crafting system anymore.  Fewer skills. Overall, a paired down shadow of the original."
,Not Recommended,215280,34118330,Posted: 8 August,all,Barbosa706,The ♥♥♥♥...classes...the best thing about this game was the fact that it didn't have any classes
76561198086592165,Recommended,215280,33658173,Posted: 19 July,all,Saiyan Born,"Very fun game, love the research using the in-game web browser to due research.  Feels like a good mix of Supernatural and Lovecraft."
76561198028265740,Not Recommended,215280,34084720,Posted: 7 August,all,Aphire,"Can't recommend a game that doesn't function. Character creation errors with ""Unable to create character in this dimension"" several times before the game will launch creation. Then the game will crash repeatedly during creation. I've tried all the ""fixes"" from forum to no anvail. From what I've see of creation it offers no enhancement from the original TSW and actually looks worse. Some day when this POS runs properly I'll give it another review based on actually being able to play."
76561197992009563,Recommended,215280,32973663,Posted: 28 June,all,astahlke,"The Secret World recently relaunched as Secret World Legends.  Revamped combat/combat animations, reconfigured quest progression, free-to-play model have reshaped the game.  The combat and quest tweaks are improvements, as the game flows much better now.  The source of contention, though, are 2-fold:  1) old timers of the game, of which I am one, have been a bit salty about having to start over; 2) people are complaining about the monetization of the game.  Funcom needs to make money to support this game.  They are giving players all the content, past, present and future, for free, so they need to make their money somehow.But, back to the game itself.  The quests remain topnotch.  Voice acting is some of the best in the industry.  SWL's atmosphere is fantastic.  And the devs are actually listening to the community, which they always have done.  I hope that future styays bright for this game.  It has been my favorite MMO since it launched, and i really want to see where season 2 of it goes."
76561198021054008,Recommended,215280,32983663,Posted: 29 June,all,avatarofvelius,"The origianl game ran rather poorly and at times i found myself frustrated. While some are frustrated with some aspects of the fp2 business model, the game itself is rather good. Similar to the recent fallout games, the sucessor is merely a perfected version of the previous. Some functionality and concepts of the game have been adjusted or reworked, and so far I am happy with all of these.I am still on the fence  on reconciling whenther thier montly subscription is worth it, as i'm not interested in most of the things given. Also around level 30 you will start encountering inventory space issues, and with paetron much sooner, as you are give a lot of items which you may want to hold onto, such as upgrade materials. That being said, the revamp of gear upgrading is rather great. you can take a piece of gear you start with and use if for the entire game, pumping extra unwanted items into it to boosts its power, then combining two to boost its rarity. While there is an update needed on weapon skins, all of this feels pretty good. You are consistantly gaining in power through your skills and equipment, you do not have to grind 20 levels to get the next best thing.There are a lot of questions right now, and with the rest of the original content coming in a few weeks, it will be interesting to see what comes for the future. Some issues have come up, and a series of frustrating maintenences have occured, but I am happy with how they handled the serious issue that came up a day after launch. I was cautously optimistic about the relaunch, but im happy to contine to play and see how this one plays out."
76561198160256122,Not Recommended,215280,34159752,Posted: 10 August,all,2G_Droted,"I had always wanted to get back into this game, however, they had ruined it. Puzzles that took google and real detective work has been dumbed down to ""Click here! cant miss it"" bull. I hope funcom get the money it was looking for by back stabbing everyone who bought the game and wanted to enjoy a story and not be baby-fed, like every other MMO out there."
76561197971036356,Not Recommended,215280,34440359,Posted: 23 August,all,Stiller,"The game isn't the problem. The story is great and a lot of the quests are quite unique. But so is Funcom. They dind't break any promises, the just construe their promises in a way that you feel very screwd over.If you value your money you should be careful.To give you an idea:https://www.reddit.com/r/SecretWorldLegends/comments/6uiylb/funcom_point_to_aurum_exchange_available/or read the more recent reviews."
76561198138951355,Not Recommended,215280,34270593,Posted: 15 August,all,brookepotter42,"I spent money on this game earlier this year, hadnt had a chance to get on steam a lot for awhile and I come back, and this game that was barely worth the asking price normally is now free to play?! what a bunch of bs! not only that but theres no refund options from what I can tell, sure I bought it (sensibly) discounted heavily, but still, now everything is going to be nickled and dimed to death."
,Not Recommended,215280,30656510,Posted: 21 March,all,Reaper Blade,"All right, so the game looked promising at first. $30 for a modern/Fantasy MMO? Awesome, sold. Now, I'm an lover of the Souls series. As anyone familiar with the series can tell you, multiple characters for different styles of gameplay are a must. TSW however? You can do anything. Top all the weapon and skill sets out, flip between as you see fit. Sweet. But still, that's end game, and we're just getting started.First run, Dragon (because who doesn't love a little chaos). Pistols and Rifles. Soldier style. Cleared up to Transylvania, including completeing the main story quest line. But hectic. Didn't know enough, character is strongish, but a complete mess with points and abilities all over the place. Oh, found this thing called a Deck. Helps you stay decently strong while giving you things to word towards. Sweet. Time to restart!Second Run. Templar. Deck deck deck, Exorxist? Healer based deck. Cool, reduced que times for dungeons. Soloing the main story was a bit problematic, but hey! I'm a healer, I don't die easy. Story cleared up to Transyl again. Like it, but I don't love it. Restart.Third run. Templar, Paladin Deck. LOVE it... Tankability if I want it, high single target damage if I want it. Decent Aoe and crowd control too, all I gotta do is switch some specs up. Absolutely best run, but got stopped when buddy wanted to run with me. Paladin for solo time... Time to make another character, we'll get back to the Paladin later.4th character. Eh... Dragon, screw it, let's check out the Matial Artist deck. Very gook tanking build. Easy control over the mobs, though in story, a bit lackluster in damage. All right, it takes me forever to kill them, but it takes them forever to kill me. I win, I have decent passive healing. Chaos Magic via close colse quarters crowd control is a blast, and the sword skills boosting my defensive rating by a chunk, love it. Story cleared past Trasnsyl, caught up to Paladin, switch back to continue with my buddy on the character I love.20 minutes back on paladin, and I'm content locked. I check out the content pack I need, $10. Okay. But for only a portion of the area I'm in? Wtf?I go to Steam, and everything Issue 9 and up is only available via Collectors Edition. $25. Funny, cause directly from the site, I can get the standard for $10. Any package deals? Not unless you paid $60 intitially for the Ultimate Edition. Anyway to just upgrade to Ultimate? Hell no, you get another base game key to give to a friend. I can't give someone that, I'd feel bad. Steams total price for DLC is $210! Okay, so 7 DLC packs are $15 over priced. So buying standard straight from the source? 210 - 105. Still $105. Already paid $30. So 135. Sorry, what? AAA games go for 60, and reduce their DLC prices after a year or two. This game is 4 years old... 4 Years...I love the game, I love the mechanics, but I can't justify that price tag... I can't. I really want to recommend this game, but if you aren't going staight for the $60 Ultimate, which still leaves 4 DLC packs locked, I can't. Was it a full game? I'm sure it was, at one point! But I've been hearing about Tokyo since the beggining of the game, and now you're telling me I can fight there, but I can't progress without buying something? Why even bring it up!? Lock me out of the whole area. Don't let me in then tell me, ""Money or you can't do anything besides kill trash mobs.""Gameplay 9/10.Story 9/10.Prices 2/10.It's been 4 years, and you want that much money. That's now how you increase a player base."
,Recommended,215280,33732778,Posted: 22 July,all,1057,"Play for the story which is great, not for the end game since there isn't really a end game per se.  Also I had the game prior to the f2p/ use nonsteam launcher.I guess I'll address those people who feel cheated from the buy to play to free to play conversion.Before: Buy to play only to a certain point. Lets say you only buy up to issue 8, if issue 9 or 10 came out you would have to buy them to play.Now: Content is not buy to play, all free now.If you bought the game before and feel cheated, you can just play on the old servers that are still up.  It won't be updated with new content and no revamp combat system.I would say it is a fair tradeoff to keep this game running else it would have been shut down like the rest.  The gear is no doubt a grind but you won't need it that much for the story.  I am confident the dev will make things better as more feedback comes in."
,Recommended,215280,33834666,Posted: 27 July,all,Fayea,"This is a review written from the perspective of somebody who largely plays games for story purposes, so I will not delve into a million reasons as to why I like or dislike the new combat system. All I can say is that many people will complain that it's much simpler than the previous system on The Secret World, and while yes that is true, it is SIGNIFICANTLY more fluid and accessible to all kinds of players. Some will say ""dumbing it down"" was the wrong way to go, but my opinion is that if it engages a wider audience it will encourage a larger playerbase and ensure some longevity for this very promising game. Also, come on let's face it, the original combat system was a real clunker.Secret World Legends has phenomenal writing as far as MMOs go. Typically I'll find myself skipping most dialogue and cutscenes in other MMOs but Secret World Legends has me hooked on every little scrap of lore I can get my hands on. I'm always hopelessly sucked into this downright creeptastic universe and it's colourful characters.What else makes this game so immersive, in my opinion?Each quest is unique and has an interesting story or reasoning behind it. You hardly ever ""shoot twenty zombies because zombies"" and it's never an endless grind for some ridiculously rare drop. The game gives you actual objectives like tracking objects, reading documents, or taking note of unassuming details in the environment.If you like being a badass detective and solving mysteries there is a whole genre of quests specifically for you! Investigation Missions rely on your ability to observe your surroundings, draw from real world knowledge, and make educated conclusions based on evidence and clues. Often these quests can start with as little to go on as a spoken phrase that soon evolves into a much bigger and fascinating puzzle.If you like playing dress up with your characters, hey you might also enjoy this! Your stats are based on your weapons and items called talismans that are entirely separate from your appearance. That's right, if you want to wear a tank top or a silly hat you don't have to stress over how it might affect your DPS! Better yet, once you own an article of clothing, you can use it at any time you want! There's no charge or process for customizing your character, it's as simple as opening your character sheet, clicking ""Dressing Room"" and selecting your threads.So if you enjoy problem solving, well thought out environments, looking awesome, and the crushing blow of existential dread; this is probably the game for you. Because I mean seriously, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is messed up."
,Recommended,215280,12794275,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,far[s]inian,Bees. Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
76561198034195506,Not Recommended,215280,34083074,Posted: 7 August,all,einsibongo,"I bought all this stuff here, on steam. Never got to play it, paid a lot though.Now it's free to play. I don't have any options on playing the game that I bought, just this Legends revamp that everyone is unhappy with.I feel robbed.I bought a fruit salat, paid for that... now I'm stuck with the barrel of potatos that everyone has access to.Where is my moneys worth?"
76561198063634162,Not Recommended,215280,33974332,Posted: 2 August,all,Valaryant,"And Funcom is still milking the positive reviews from The Secret World (which are quite accurate) by not updating, from months now, the store page. This mostly positive reviews are because The Secret World, NOT The Secret World Legends.Now for The Secret World Legends review: outdated graphics, clunky animations, annoying combat system, super grindy, craft system, if u can call it that way, is lame. The only redeemable thig is the history, which is still quite great, but once is over, no replay value. Game is free so it does't hurt to try it, but I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,215280,32819261,Posted: 26 June,all,Fayct,When will we be able to play Legends through Steam?
,Recommended,215280,32845016,Posted: 27 June,all,Lord Faren,"Legends is a vast improvement on the original, friends actually want to play it now! ;_;"
,Not Recommended,215280,34098815,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr. Torgue,Bamboozled again by paying for a game only to have it go free to play
76561198006513756,Not Recommended,215280,33948092,Posted: 1 August,all,Viki Rosenzveig,"This used to be a really cool game (back when it was simplyThe Secret World), but since the relaunch (under theSecret World Legendstitle), which promised improvements to combat and other quality of life improvements, the game fell into a greedy pay-to-play (even worse than pay-to-win) model, akin to that of mobile games.I play other MMOs and play many popular mobile games, all with different monetising schemes, and let me tell you, this game is way up there in how obnoxiously in your face it is about wanting you to spend money (all while reminding you that it's ""free to play"").I am extremely saddened by how low this game has gotten, especially considering how innovative it was with its gripping atmosphere and investigation-centred quests. If this used to be the quiet mysterious friend you wanted to learn more about, it turned into the scumbag that keeps crashing at your place and (threateningly) asking to borrow more and more money that you know you're never going to see again."
76561197973051663,Not Recommended,215280,34040130,Posted: 5 August,all,Popcorn Colonel,"Just no.I LIKED the old combat system.  I liked Secret World.  This consolized ""relaunch"" with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥action combat system is garbage.  Thatnks for destroying a great game, Funcom.  That seems to be the only thing you're good at anymore."
,Not Recommended,215280,33937857,Posted: 31 July,all,Mordred Morghul,"Wow, Just wow. Everytime I express fondness for a corporation, they turn around and pull nonsense. The Secret World was an amazing game that I invested much time and money into. It was an MMO that was playable solo, the story was amazing (never got to finish), the combat was unique, and my only real complaint was that it took some time to progress through the story.Now we have Secret World Legends. I had not played in awhile, as I was in my last terms of university and was working my butt off, and I saw there was a large update and the game was going FTP. I had bought the ultimate edition that came with a bunch of stuff, and had paid a good deal of money to advance some alts. To my horror, I start up SWL and find no characters. After talking with customer support, I found that SWL is not just a FTP TSW, but a different game entirely, and characters from the old game are not compatable. The service rep reassured me, saying that everything had been streamlined so progression should not take nearly as long as it did before, and I should be caught up in no time. This was a flat out lie.Not only is progression not faster, it is, for all intents and purposes, pay to win. Unless you have all day every day to grind, you will not have even close to good gear, and are forced to grind to level up. Not having all day means most of your playtime will be grinding, maybe getting to enjoy the story every other day or so. You can, however, drop about $200 and bing bang boom, you're good, and can enjoy the story. While the previous system was a tiny bit slow, it atleast allowed for progression with no grinding and no spending real life money. They have purposely made the old version non compatable to lure in people into this new system, having to start over from scratch, with the promise of new story. This makes me sick, because the story was so good, and to use that to extort people is violence against art and its consumers. This blatent cash grab is another disgusting example of the corporate capitalism that is destroying the West.It is working too, as most reviews are positive. If you can afford to pay your way past the complications, good for you, I really hope you enjoy yourself, but don't give this game a good review based on your ability to spend money. Imagine how good of a time you would've had if you didn't pay to win. If we, the consumers, allow this practice to succeed, it will not stop. For the good of society, I urge everyone who can to request a refund for this game if you paid for it, because this ""update"" took away everything you paid for."
76561197997439296,Not Recommended,215280,15565858,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,merusalem,"I tried several times to get into the game, from its publication in 2012 until 2015. The ideas Funcom had were superb, The game's tone is as sinister and mysterious as intended. I can only recommend it for its vibe, and I suggest to everyone who is interested watching the first two hours of the game on Youtube.Where the game falls flat (for me) is the approach to player friendliness, or User Experience, as it is called in the software industry outside of gaming. User Experience is horrendous. Google for ""secret world frustrating"" and you will see what I mean. Many of the quests have you running or clicking around aimlessly, as you cannot find what you are supposed to do, or where you are supposed to do it. TSW's idea of mission design is like giving lego pieces to somone who has never seen any, and tell them ""Play!"".They follow the same route with the brilliant idea how a character's skills are built, then leaving the player completely in the dark how to do it efficiently, so that you can actually play the game. The forums do not help either, as the majority of good advice is from players who left in 2012 and 2013. With the game's changes since then, their advice no longer works, and trying to understand what experienced players talk about is like reading a foreign language without a dictionary.Some players claim that the game is the Thinking Man's MMO. They are entitled to their opinion. I view it as the Unfinished MMO that would have needed another two years of design and development, and with that it could have been a great title.I am utterly disappointed, as the game could have been so much more."
76561198046693987,Not Recommended,215280,33936978,Posted: 31 July,all,CallMeNightpain,"first thing i love the old tsw and have about 350+h playtime so i will explain why the new tswl is garbagefirst things firstEVERYTHING they added to the gamecrosshair, new skilltree/skills and the gimmicky minigames of every weaponmakes the new game worse than what we had before.while the problems the game really had like there is no feeling of impact behind your skills and no true way to tell if you actually did manage to land a hit, were not improvedIt went from repeddetive5cp-building double finisher to spamming finisher and when you are out of steam use ur boring basic ability till you can spam again so everything there is just the same as before only in reverse minigames do jackshit the impact is so little they dont even matter crosshair is a mess that dos not belong in this game simply because it wasnt made for that kind of combat in the firstplace and its not possible to consistent target a single enemywell so when i did play the new tswl i was like mhh k maybe i can look over this but the moment i stepped foot in the first dungeon the polaris.... ""oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god wth""first of all it was a dungeon with 3 other people i think it was supposed to be tank healer dps but instead we went dps x2 and me as a healer so after the first boss i decided to go dps aswell because my heals simply were not neededtl;dr they made♥♥♥♥♥♥so easy a blind dude can play it while spamming all his buttons and if hes not running into a wall he will be indeed fineso i was like mhh ok maybe thats just because thats the lowest difficulty and it gets better later so i kept playingso a few minutes later we arrive at the final boss which was a joke because even his oneshot ability when he is in his mist phase did only dmg about 1/2 of the dps 1900something health what is in this game like the bare minimum you can have i thinkand i open the box whitch was supposed to contain my loot from the boss but hey not only is the only crap you get from this 20minute waste of time some♥♥♥♥♥♥which increases the level of your weapon instead of some new blue (or maybe even only green would have been fine) new epic bossweapon like in the old game...but hey maybe i was just unlucky so i runn it again same♥♥♥♥♥♥nothing drops were at the boss i wanna loot it and.... the game ♥♥♥♥ing tells me that if i wanna loot this boss i have to pay WOW so not only did they ruin every single bit of this game in which i spend about 300h but they also came to the brilliant conclusion that you have to pay if you want loot from a dungeonboss more than a few times a day and its so little you cant even get full loot from only 2 runns what is really sad because if you are fast you can get to the 3rd dungeon of this game in less than a day so you cant even do them because you would not get anything from itthere is a premium membership in this game what dos not bother me some people would consider this p2w but i really do not care about stuff like thatyou can buy skillpoints what makes the game even more easy than it already isso i also dont care plus it was in the old game aswell so i cannot cry about itso my conclusionthey made the game more♥♥♥♥♥♥in a desperate attempt to get a last little bit of money out of the playerbase with changes to the game that look like they made no effort to implement and do nothing at allwhat really sealed the coffin for me is the limited loot you get from dungeons that is kinda ridiculous"
76561197971616692,Recommended,215280,528504,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Teddy Ruxpin,"Atmosphere and storytelling of the highest quality. It suffers from linearity and often plays more like a single player RPG, but it makes you think and challenges on many levels. (Needs a fairly hefty computer.)"
,Recommended,215280,10353391,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Balraw,"The Secret World is in my opinion the best story driven mmo that people do not play, not that it doesn't have a healthy population it does but it should be bigger.So the good parts if you like a story driven quest that are dripping with tension and build up the atmosphere like a good psychological horror film then this game is a good place for you.  They also do the slasher horror style too if that is your thing.They have traditional quests with way points that lead you around while telling a story but they also have investigation missions which are a different beast altogether.  These are like a mini detective novel where you will have to research on the internet (no not for the walk through, play the game properly, grrrr).  For instance one required me to translate Romanian another take down and decode morse code .  They really make you think and will tax your brain cells assuming you do them properly without any cheating.So stories good, it also looks pretty decent as well graphics wise and the audio does its job of building up atmosphere too (like it does in a good film).Right the not so good (not bad just not good either).  The combat is clunky and will take some getting used to.  There is active dodging, telegraphs from mobs to avoid and that can get a little hectic.  The skill system has so many aspect to it  that it can be a very confusing thing to get a grasp of when you start. Its quite possible to make the game harder for yourself than it needs to be if you are not careful with your build (there are a ton of guides to give you the basics that will help you get a good start though so don't worry too much about that).So yes a flawed diamond of an mmo and if you can put up with the odd bits then you will find a really great, deep and atmospheric mmo that no other has been able to match so far."
,Recommended,215280,8276355,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ihype84,Very enjoyable if you like MMO's.  Modern Setting is unique.
,Recommended,215280,9889508,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,BathSaltsZombies,"Not an MMO fan at all. Most are boring and repetitive; taking place in only a mock environment of the one before it. And if you're into that then rock on. But for those like me who have a hard time with them, this is not the case with TSW. The world is modern and imaginative and you get to fight the ravenous monsters of the supernatural realm. The leveling system is unique and allows you to customize your character to be any type you want. I actually compare it to the sphere grid in FFX to a point. The locations are based off of real geographical locations from our world, as well as containing lore and beasts straight out of supernatural mythology. I've put 40 hours in the last 4 days (Partly because I had a lull in school and work). This game is awesome. Worth the price. Worth the boring tutorials in the beginning. All of that."
76561198056253777,Recommended,215280,10023632,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,eaglenumber14,This game has a refreshing change of pace to mmo's. the investigation quests and sabaotage quests are very different from what i have seen in most mmo's. its not everyones cup of tea but it has a some great content to offer to those who want a different change of pace in games like these. to top it off i give it an 8 out of 10 the story hasnt exactly clicked for me it doesnt draw me to play this game but the investigations and sabatoage missions certainly help you dive more into the story line which is nice. i was hesitant about the no levels and classes but it hasnt been bad different but not bad and for some people it might be exactly what there looking for as far as freedom of choice in a game like this goes. so all in all not a bad game but i will be spending alot of time in this one havent progressed to the end but when i do i will give a more in depth review including end game content.
76561198042493404,Recommended,215280,10011025,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Alestrial,The best MMO I have ever played. The character development and quest sequences are extremely unique. Love the story.The only downside to this game is the highly elitist community who play.
76561198009901306,Recommended,215280,9985012,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Sifikah,"Truth be told, the gameplay is nothing new or fantastic. It is fun, but a bit repetitive. The storytelling is worth it though! If you're a fan of Lovecraft you'll love the lore here."
76561197976935936,Recommended,215280,8992311,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Zoidberg,"Dreamfall: The Longest Journey is one of my favorite stories/story presentation ever in a game, so I am quite biased towards anything by this developer, that being said, there are several things that The Secret World does that I like that set it apart from other MMO's.  First, I really like the buy it once, no monthly fee model.  While the game didn't start out that way, it was that way by the time I got into it.  Second, the freedom in character development as far as what skills to get, and the unique (at least in my experience) way the weapons and skills work is very nice. I also like that in the main quests, all of the quest opening and closing cutscenes are actually voiced and acted out, while all the lore and everything you can collect can still give you a bit more backstory if you feel like spending some time with walls of texts.  Like any other online multiplayer game, this game does benefit quite a bit if you have some friends to join in on the adventure with you."
76561198000281657,Recommended,215280,9002296,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Hiyate,"All thought I have not been TOO far into the game, i am loving it so far.  One thing that i enjoy is that there is no bad spec, because in the end your entire skill tree will be filled.  Also love the modern day theme it has going for it.  You get a thumbs up from this guy.  Keep up the good work!"
76561198068280938,Recommended,215280,9005993,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,wagezofsin,like AO....starting to like this too...something about FC games....addicting!
,Recommended,215280,9033012,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Seany Thicc,"Incredable, one of the best games i have ever played. Great atmosphere and setup, love that you have total freedom to do, whatever you want without following any story unless you choose. 10/10 Bes gam 1998"
76561198066491848,Recommended,215280,8995276,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Roommaster,"great mmo... my first one. very grasping gameplay and motivating point system. vast world out there with many items and creatures. Only the story i couldnt care less more, which Funcom seems to be praising themselves for - maybe i simply ignored too many aspects(?)"
,Recommended,215280,9013513,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Astolfo,"This is a game, not just any game,but a game. The amount of customizability and ways to kill your enemies is amazing. The side quests are great in multitude and you feel pressured to take them so you can get the extra exp and lvl abilities, an engaging storyline and great gameplay. It's just lots of fun."
76561198000088094,Recommended,215280,9041341,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,GOObER,8 out of 10
76561198043658262,Recommended,215280,9049759,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,♚✪Kaiser✪♚,I have no regrets about buying this.. though the new subscription thing is kinda stupid i still enjoy the game immensely and i hope i will continue to
76561198064889247,Recommended,215280,12003958,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,kuldebar,"If you are looking an MMO that is radically different than the typical games found in the genre, look no further than TSW."
,Recommended,215280,8340270,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Elehanne,"Great game, nice storyboard and gameplay."
,Recommended,215280,8246700,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BadHandbanana,Puzzles.Cthulhu beasties.Claws for weapons.10/10 would play while listening to Death Grips.
76561198005852252,Recommended,215280,9145090,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Rhonyn,Favourite. Plz friends . Play. Plz. I'm lonely.
,Recommended,215280,11176511,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Larten Crepsley,"first off i will start by saying i really love this game. i love the setting, i love the story, and i love the difficulty of the raids.only issue i have with the game is that dx11 settings will most likely not work most of the time if you are on windows 8/8.1. it is  a known issue that has been around awhile. and people with windows 8/8.1 will most lilkely have to run it in dx9 mode without txaa.another note is the game is very puzzle based. if your expecting the same old mmo as wow look elseware. the quests will challenge your mentality if you do not look up guides. (which i like but others may not)over all a very unique mmo experience in a modern day setting which i enjoy"
76561198053313753,Recommended,215280,9232815,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Elmooo,"I gave this game a thumbs up, but do realise it is an aquired taste. The strong point of this game is the story and the atmosphere. Compared to other MMO's it beats them by a mile (storywise). However compared to strictly story driven (stand alone) games, it is not all that good. I often wondered if this game would have been better as a stand alone. There are a lot of cutscenes, which are usually nicely done. The quality of the main storyline did suprise me as it flutters around and some side missions are actually better than the main storyline.The combat is rather rather dull and hp of many mobs increases faster than your dps. Combined with the story driven missions it makes the game feel rather slow. This does not have to be a bad thing mind you, but when indoctrinated by WoW or the like you will really have to get used to this game. The game can be quite unforgiving at times, which at certain points is a nice challenge, and at other times quite silly (making you want to read the mission guides in advance). Bringing a friend does help quite a lot (but be aware some parts of missions have to be done solo in mini instances).PVP is aweful at the moment. Players are ""balanced"" but not quite to the level of other QL10.5 types. Most areas are static most of the time, being at the mercy of the faction with the most players. On the flip side, it allowed me to read a good book while picking up points for epics, jumping in (and dying painfully) when we got attacked.All in all I enjoyed the atmosphere in the game and running around trying to find out what happened. I picked the game up on steam with a discount and I think it was worth the money. Though, as you noticed, I think it could have been a lot better. I have not played endgame content (raids), nor do I think I will. The replayablility does not seem that high to me, once you have seen a story, you will want to go to the next (even though they are repeatable).Ps. the game seems to be optimized very badly, at least for 32bit systems. I actually had to tweak my memory to make it run (I wish I could say smoothly). I ran it without steam, hence the low hour count."
,Recommended,215280,10259700,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Emisra,"A myriad of myths and legends.  This former pay to play MMORPG is now a pay-once play forever.Setting in an array of apocalyptic, corrupted version of our everyday society.  You are chosen by the secret powers that be.  From The Modern Masons of the illuminati.  To the extreme, lightsworn of templars,  or the chaotic, enigma that is The Dragon.You affiliate yourself with one, that you best beleive has the answers  ( or prizes )  you seek.  The game itself demands a very high-end computer. The game itself isn't very forgiving on traditional grind to level players.   One must immerse themselves on the dark storylines and the cinematics therein.Enemies consist from the Darkest corners of the mind of Lovecraft.  To the word of legends and myth of the forgotten past.If you're sick of killing little bunny heads made out of jelly, (not saying its GrandFantasia* )  and desire a more climatic and adult based rpg.   This game will offer this and a unique method of battling.And remember.    "" Dark Days Are Coming ""* ( Totally was talking about Grand Fantasia )"
,Recommended,215280,14151316,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,WooooPrime,"Issue 5, 6, 7 Mission chain with amazing and unique stories in New England, Egypt and TransIssue 8, A few ScenarioIssue 9, 1/2 of the Kaidan story mission + Introducing AGEISIssue 10, 1/3 of the Kaidan story mission + Introducing Token farming for AGEISIssue 11, 1/6 of the Kaidan story mission + Introducing AGEIS TOOLKIT FARMINGIssue 12, ONE 'NEW' KAIDAN dungeon + Introducing nightmare raid for AGIES 2.9! + remove dungeon cd for more grindings!Issue 13, Few new main missions IN KAIDAN THAT SHOULD HAD BEEN RELEASED SINCE ISSUE 10Coincident? I think not.--------------------------------------------------------Why i give a thumb up?Atleast the first 600 hours was happy fun time and horro experience in game.Beside, all the money earned are given to charity, don't they? How else could funcom spend it on?9/10 for the game1/10 for funcom"
76561198124382173,Recommended,215280,9776193,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,jakeraven6,"This game is awesome...it invokes a sense of ""i matter in this world"" feeling and empowers me as a player to really enjoy the unique gameplay and sense of unfolding drama. The emmersive environmetns are stunning, while creepy at the same time. Meanwhile i dont like that there are so many solo instances, i play with a dedicated but small group of players and it is detrimental to the group element to have to break off for solo instaces...that aside this is a fabulous game"
,Recommended,215280,13219929,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rhys,"Fun, but poorly optimized.  With an i5-4210M (2.60GHz) and a NVIDIA GeForce GT 750M GPU, on low graphics settings this game tends to frequently stutter, especially during combat.  The developer needs to optimize the game better, but otherwise there's a lot of good and fun ideas to be hadEDIT:  It seems the game runs very poorly on DirectX11, which would explain the poor optimization thing.  Running the game in DirectX9 allows it to run quite nicely and generally isn't choppy at all except when the game tries to load a crowd of players in (and that doesn't last very long).  Game is fun, quests are pretty well thought-out, would recommend."
76561198133738784,Recommended,215280,9910076,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,CTHULHU24/7,This game is a nice departure from most typical MMOs and FPS shooter games I have played. Whether you feel like solving a mystery or plowing through baddies this game has it all. The only problems I have had is the game was freezing my CPU up and it likes to crash my video driver once in a while. I have solved these problems for the most part by toubleshooting with the help of the forums here on Steam. All in all a fun game despite the glitches.
,Recommended,215280,13172170,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mootie,"Amazing game with an amazing plot and story. So many twists, so many voiced over cutscenes, and the level system is intriguing. The graphics and the world are beautiful and the enemies just look awesome. Lots of customization including your characters clothes and style.At first the game starts off kind of iffy but the more you play the more you really start to see the beauty of the game. I was kind of upset at having to buy some dlc for more story but I'm certainly glad I did because they were simply amazing. I especially loved issue 7. It was truely a mindblowing experience and loads of fun that I will certainly enjoy many times.Damn Orochi scum!"
76561198000919663,Recommended,215280,10637083,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,labcoat,"This MMO is a masterpiece of what horror once was, a creepy fascination of unthinkable evil that creeps about in the back of the brain.  Playing for a long while, I can say that it will get a bit boring after 200 hours.  But up until then, quite worth the play."
76561198131329136,Recommended,215280,11472333,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ohio's_Last_Rockstar,"30 second review...Go!It has Lovecraftian-based-Folk-Lore-Horror (Say that 10 times fast as you can!) as your starting point.3 Factions.The Illuminatti, The Templars, and The Dragons.Only the Templars give a S♥it about the population.The Illuminati want control.The Templars want to vanquish Evil.The Dragons are basically the Asian-Version of the Illuminati.Everyone is on the same side.Destroy hideous evil things.Except for PvP/and World.Long range or Melle weapons, Elements or Voodoo, you pick.No levels.Only perks.Kick-♥ss starting level.Decent community.More addicting the Reeses Pieces.Most haters are your usual run-of-the-mill C.o.D. loving ""Bro's"", that dont want to use investigative skills.Damn, that was 31 seconds.."
76561198060089960,Recommended,215280,9259604,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Trillian,"- Graphics are awesome (if you have the hardware)- Storyline is awesome- Quests are awesome- Skill system is...complicated (but awesome once you figure it out)- No classes, totally open- 9 weapons. 3 guns, 3 magic, 3 melee- 3 factions. Illuminati, Templar, Dragon- ARGs (alternate reality gaming, look it up)From 0-100 I give this game at LEAST 90Add 5 points if you have hardware to run it on ultraAdd 5 points if you enjoy conspiracy theoriesIf you ever enjoyed an Alex Jones podcast, you will adore The Secret World."
,Recommended,215280,14078583,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,repdetect0,"The dragon shakes the dice, and tosses them up in the air.As you scramble to gather and tally them all, the dragon waits.Once you have them in the palm of your hand, the dragon snatches them away.And scatters them once more.And again. And again. And forever."
,Recommended,215280,10811310,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RavenBlood,"An amazing title with puzzles that actually cause you to sit back and think.  The intel missions do not allow laziness, you've got to do some true critical thinking and it's amazing.  The boss and enemy battles can be a refreshing challenge.  The game is far better with friends though."
76561198047679887,Recommended,215280,13857973,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AnnaMgee,PLAY THIS IT'S GOOD
76561198006823666,Recommended,215280,10091886,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Skald,"As MMO's go this is by far the most unique and enjoyable,the storyline is fantastic, and great fun.The no levels thing works really well, it takes a lot of the grinding out of playing.  You're chasing points and tokens that you can actually use, not forever killing different groups of ten boars ad nausuem.the pvp system was designed by a genius and is incredibly fun to play, with a mechanic that gives it a high turnover and  constantly changing battlegroundsbut it is far from perfect.Firstly it's an MMO, so it has the clunky and unpleasant control configuration that plagues all mmo'ssecondly, I prefer to think of it as an M-M-O.  because you don't always nessescarily have all three working together at the same time.  Sometimes it's massively online, and other times it's just Massively Multiplayer because you've been disconnected again.Solo instances are a thing...and there are quite a few of them, so you get seperated from any group you might be in because everyone has to grind these solo quests alone.there are no armours, so you can get your character looking more how you like rather than like (s)he just walked out of a garbage heap like you do in WOW.you'll roll your eyes at these faults when they crop up...but you probably won't stop enjoying the game for them, it more than makes up for it's shortfalls."
,Recommended,215280,11526728,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Tamer_Ren,Best MMO I've tried. Storylines and vary in combat make this one worth coming back to again and again.
76561197974961742,Recommended,215280,13616989,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,roger40deldethx,GOOD MMO but harder than all others!!! goo for veterans
76561198026566283,Recommended,215280,3721163,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Crypto,I recommend it out of my own free will and not because i have a brainslug on my head
,Recommended,215280,8656343,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,★ITzSaga★,"Never had so much fun, the community is friendly and the visuals are like eye candy.Buy it, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,215280,10684341,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Miss Pauling,"Probably the best MMO I have ever played. No classes allow for tons of custimization, interesting missions that are more then just kill x number of monsters, an amazing storyline that keeps you engaged and has morality choices. All wrapped together with great voice acting, amazing graphics and cut scenes, a setting that thankfully isn't fantasy, and a welcoming community. This game is worth every cent."
76561198042750306,Recommended,215280,9693956,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Peppe Le point,"I absolutely love this game. It is a lore-driven MMO which seeks to immerse the player in tiered quest lines across multiple locales. Fantastic design.The leveling system is thrown out the window in favour of a much more involved (and often revised) system of skill and ability points which are earned as the player hits experience threshholds. Basic stat grinding does not exist. The auction house, as with any MMO, can cripple the feeling of progressive improvement so I would avoid it. Atmospherically the game excells, although I will note the graphics are nothing to write home about. There is occasional framerate slow-downs and sometimes the camera angles can be difficult to set. Otherwise, the game plays smoothly.I'd give this game a 8/10. A must buy if you have a group of friends who seem even remotely interested."
76561198006887276,Recommended,215280,10870255,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Chiino90,muy adictivo pero muy complejas las misiones jajaja
76561198018463155,Recommended,215280,12736626,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,xdiamond777x,Excellent gothic horror enviroment. Glad I bought it. A nice change from world of warcraft.
76561198020889705,Recommended,215280,12854944,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,green_ghost08,Literally the best quest system in any MMO I've ever played.  Great customization in apperance. Great gothic/secret society theme
,Recommended,215280,11801394,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dead Last Soul,i love this game so much its turly a good game and promising game highly recommended
,Recommended,215280,11018537,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Adeir,"Probably the best ""Pay once Play Forever"" MMO out there. Investigation quests are one of the things that makes this game so damn unique! Along with it's horror and occult theme, how cool is that?Definitely worth picking this game up!"
76561198005507216,Recommended,215280,11042824,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mordarto,"While it certainly is a MMORPG, it doesn't play like one, in a good way. Most of the early content is solo-able, and the mood and atmosphere involved is certainly better than most MMOs I've played.The first unique thing about The Secret World (TSW) is its setting. Unlike the other MMOs out there that are either sci-fi or fantasy, TSW is set in mondern times, though there are certainly fantasy elements (magic). The setting reminds me a lot of Vampire: Masquerade - Bloodlines. Slight horror elements with a lot of Dan Brown/Lovecraft influences. The writing is rich, and my favorite thing about TSW has to be its quests. In addition to your typical fetch quests, TSW has investigation quests. True to its name, you really have to investigate, solving riddles along the way. For instance, one quest's puzzle required looking up a certain bible passage while another needed you to translate a phrase into Latin. Being able to solve these investigation quests without any online walkthrough help, even non-spoiler ones that drop hints, is a rewarding achievement all on its own.The biggest concern about TSW is its combat. It is similar to Guild Wars 1: 7 active and 7 passive skills that you choose from your repertoire, and the targeting system is quite similar to GW1 as well, though a little bit more clunky. For instance, while in GW1 using a skill automatically turns your character to face your target, here, if you're midcasting a skill and you break line of sight with the target, the skill is interrupted, so turning the camera is needed against agile enemies while hitting the skill hotkeys.Anyway, if you're a fan of any of the following: good writing, Lovecraft, Dan Brown, GW1, and Vampire: Masquerade - Bloodlines, then I strongly recommend this gem."
76561197991908622,Recommended,215280,8453008,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,XInferis,"A fun modern MMORPG. The deck progression system is very unique and surprisingly deep. TSW has an interesting story presented like in no other MMO I have ever seen, with several strange and seedy characters to meet along the way. I cannot speak for the PVP aspects of this game, but the PVE side has been a blast so far. My one advice would be not to cheat on the investigation missions, as they are a truly unique experience that you shouldn't miss."
76561197999123627,Recommended,215280,10784910,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Staven,Fun game but can be a bit difficult when you're on your own.
,Recommended,215280,10683342,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ҠΞƔḮῇ,"For an MMORPG, this is a pretty good one. It has it's pros and cons of course, but overall it is fun."
,Recommended,215280,18256283,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Dr. Feelgood,"The Secret World is a great MMORPG. Players choose one of 3 secret societies to join - The Templars, The Illuminati, or The Dragons. Each of these organizations has their own base of operations and a rich history (Though the Dragons are fictitious). The game gives you access to 9 weapon trees, and unlimited Ability and Skill Points to spend.  As long as you continue to complete quests, you will receive both AP and SP, and there is no cap as the goal is to eventually unlock every ability and explore every weapon tree. This game is a great experience, and I would highly recommend it. The fact that there are no subscriptions makes this a great MMORPG to pick up and play!"
,Recommended,215280,6468249,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Carl Poppa,"Had several doubts about if getting it or not, everytime I saw a gameplay it even confused me more, but watching someone playing the game has nothing to do with playing it by yourself, I know many won't like it, but I really appreciate the quests, ambientation, and how the game works itself, it's a big change for me."
,Recommended,215280,16182166,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Palion,Totally different. Totally awesome. I am having more fun in this MMO than I have had in any other MMO
,Recommended,215280,26944091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-L7- themaniacboy,"I never really liked MMORPG's, but i can't stop playing this one. The story, the lore, the world, the secrets, the characters, monsters, everything except the combat. The combat is not really my favorite, but i found it way more fun than other MMORPG's."
76561198110444850,Recommended,215280,11307699,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Benjamin,amazing
,Recommended,215280,12894115,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dyegochi,"This title has its ups and downs.PVP is intimidating since you are thrust in and most likely out geared by the dedicated players. Yes you get a buff to slightly equalize the playing field, but it doesnt help much.( I'm now holding my own in pvp but it took some time)Storyline can get dry but overall it has a very interesting take on all current and old mythology.The fact you can be whatever you want in your skill progression is extremely appealing.Sadly if you want more after you have trudged so far into the game you must buy the expansions to get that fix.The community population is small at times and grouping up can be a hassle for dungeons because of it.Traveling will become a tiresome thing if you decide to play. The travel system is so dated, New York to Transylvania, ugh.Even with the ups and downs the game is good in my eyes.Decent Visuals     Great Music"
76561198069667956,Recommended,215280,12906776,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,FoxDor,Best MMORPG after a long long time of trying to find a good one just buy and play !!!! i will give 9/10 !
76561198031198341,Recommended,215280,12934172,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Whiptar,Everything about it is great.
76561198018901569,Recommended,215280,8501690,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Xlord Pagan Cyberberserker,Awesome game
,Recommended,215280,14216666,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,moomooclown,"You run around a lot, with quests. And thus the immersion."
76561198041305453,Recommended,215280,13704435,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ezeze,"I've been playing MMOs for nearly two decades now and this game has the best dungeons I've ever seen hands down, better even than the big budget games."
,Recommended,215280,9589808,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,=IcB=Whiteboy,Pretty good game with old style gameplay. Perfect for us old ♥♥♥♥ers. Thousands of hours worth of missions if you want to take it slow.Stopped playing this game for a while and always come back to it. 1 of the top 2 MMo's ever made in my honest opinion.
76561198015033398,Recommended,215280,13181688,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Darth Plagieus the Wise,Very interesting and enjoyable character progression and story. Mission design is much more engaging and interactive than most MMO's. Combat mechanics may be somewhat awkward for new players.
76561198302346461,Recommended,215280,28650764,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,COVF3F3,"""The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown""- H.P. LovecraftEmbrace the unknown...cast aside your fears and distorted conception of what an mmorpg is and brave the abyss...only then will you discover the secrets of this world.10/10 - Been playing since BETA but lost my other account due to Filth corruption but I would gladly jump into the abyss again....and did."
76561198052904383,Recommended,215280,10038486,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,SirMarty,"This Game is wonderful, beautiful, stunning, has good combat, tough puzzles (after the first world or so) and is generally good all around, Everything i would want in an mmrpg"
,Recommended,215280,21966019,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Devincean,I still love this game. Combat is wonky. Over all tho I'd give the game a 7/10 Story starts off slow but really is quite amazing. I love the DLC and the outfits and over all the game always hooks me and feels good to play.Cons I wish the combat was more solid its very ping based so a little lag could mean dying. I really wish it didn't have so many pay walls. There are quite a few. While the game is completely free some outfits/ and all DLC which there is 13 of now can mean forking out a good chunk of change.
76561198077514662,Recommended,215280,11126737,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,MACMORROW,honestly if you like to pput abilities togather THAT FIT YOU BEST not how the game wants it then this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here mmmhhhmmmmmm gguuurrlll u kno it ;)
,Recommended,215280,10313134,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,griddark,"Unlike other MMO's this slow starter can be difficult to get into, and social aspects aren't it's strong suit. It is story rich though, and you find yourself really wondering what happened in this crazy world. Not something I've found many MMO's capable of doing."
76561198159797315,Recommended,215280,26358019,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,deathsurfers11,"Whe it comes to this game, I fell in love with it from the start, with the amazing story. I loved how different this game was. While this still will be true with the TSL relaunch, I am hesitant at best with some of the things I am hearing about what is changing. I will be playing it , but I have VERY high expectations, which I hope will be met.For now I will keep my review positive for the sake of optimism. However I sincerely hope the game will not be dumbed down, like so many others have. it was another reason I fell for this game, because of it's difficulty. While I see making a better tutorial system for new players, this does not mean you have to dumb down the game."
76561198039141869,Recommended,215280,11999108,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Panos,"Amazing story line, relaxing & gr8 atmosphere!doesnt push you to the edge,you can play casual or hardcore,its your choice!Ruined my life lol! 11/10 !!!"
,Recommended,215280,2959771,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Space Wizzard Bowie,"TSW is more or less the best MMO I have ever had the pleasure of playing. Unlike most MMOs I was actually drawn in by the story, which draws deeply on ancient mythos. Additionally the skill system is phenomenal, being able to obtain any skill in the game with enough effort is satisfying as is the late game theorycrating that requires thought and experimentation. If you like a challenging game that does not simply ask you to kill 100 zombies every time you are handed a quest try this. If not, I'd reccomend WoW, apparently they have simplified the combat even further."
76561197981750024,Recommended,215280,910306,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,⎛⎝Ozziriq⎠⎞,"Quite new to the game, but. once i did a illuminati puzzle quest. WOW! this game rocks! damn well worth the buy even tho i bought it from the 50% summersale :)"
76561197968966204,Recommended,215280,20647350,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Declarent,"The writing is amazing, love this game!"
,Recommended,215280,3653078,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Pteropede,"The setting is what originally got me to buy it. When I first heard about it, I figured it would be like Hunter: the Vigil but online, and settings-wise, it is similar.What has kept me playing are the NPCs and the ability system. I play with subtitles on and I take screenshots all the time because of the awesome, funny, or insightful things the NPCs say. Player abilities are built around selecting 2 weapons, 7 active powers and 7 passive powers. It gets more complicated as you go because synergies emerge as you earn powers that set conditions and then exploit them. There are no experience levels; content is separated mainly by the quality of your talismans (talismans because pants and shirts are divorced from in-game effect, freeing you to look how you want).Group roles tend to fall into tanking, healing, support and damage. You are free to change roles any time you aren't fighting: just use the gear manager to switch between ability and equipment sets.Every MMO seems to want to avoid the ""kill 10 rats"" type quests, but The Secret World is one of the few that succeeds. Those missions still exist, but they are clearly labeled Action and they appear along side Sabotage missions, where the player must avoid detection and Investigation missions, which actually require researching the clues on the Internet.PvP is the primary deficiency I've seen. It is kind of unpopular and my computer can't handle it. (Assault rifle particle effects can be crippling.)TL;DR - Not a straight WoW copy and great if you're into Lovecraft & World of Darkness"
,Recommended,215280,12999780,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,outdodrobro,"Runs great, no complaints about performance at all in my experience. Potentially hundreds of hours of gameplay. If you like the crazy modern-day illuminati concept, you should give it a try. No subcription."
,Recommended,215280,10517236,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,FrothyBuns,"The combat in the game can get a little repetitive like most MMO's, but the way the quests are done are a completely new and refreshing take.  The investigation missions force you to search for answers outside the game which makes for an experience like none other.  The puzzles start getting a bit tricky after a while as well, so the game outside of combat gets pretty challenging.  Definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,215280,10984584,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Cestan,"Lovely game.Good atmosphere, interesting character build approach, very nice quests and good writing.Sometimes a bit awkward, but that is my only minor complaint."
76561197992620820,Recommended,215280,7481859,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Wetlady,Dark and good
76561197983199808,Recommended,215280,20616232,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wren,"In my mind came a buzzing.Deeper, heavier, louder still.In my mind came a buzzing.Weakness, courage, a shattered will.In my mind came a buzzing.Empty, hollow, a sudden fill.In my mind came a buzzing.There are no secrets."
,Recommended,215280,21595121,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Count Fistula,Supernatural: The MMO
,Recommended,215280,22151859,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,.coffee,TL;DR: BUY IT NOWSuch a great and entertaining game with enough content to keep you occupied for hundreds of hours *if you've got the money to buy the content that is* since more than half of the game is compiled into *15 as of now* issues. That's the only con i seem to find in the game IMO. This game seriously deserves a LOT LOT LOT more recognition. The story is top-notch *though a bit confusing* and the graphics still stand up to this day.
,Recommended,215280,24149325,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mop,"The Secret World is a really fun MMO that suffers from some population issues. Unlike some MMOs, though, that shouldn't hinder your enjoyment of the base game. The questing is fun and the combat is very interesting. I certainly recommend it to anyone who enjoys story content in an MMO, or just questing in general. The quests are engaging and the story is intriguing.There's enough content to get you your money's worth, and if you've got friends, even more so.78 Illuminati conspiracy theories out of 100."
,Recommended,215280,20593855,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,White_Noise,"A great MMORPG that I never knew existed.The Secret World is an MMORPG based in a world where three factions are both fighting eachother and working together for power, the side you choose will impact your story.Combat is great, you can choose between a dozen weapons and playstyles while changing them at any given moment to give you the edge in battle, dungeons, or PvP.The price is a little high for an MMO, but it offers a lot of fun if you can find other people to quest with."
76561198007207470,Recommended,215280,9796999,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,◕ ‿ ◕,MY BEST GAME EVER IN STEAM ! <3333
76561198040033846,Recommended,215280,22987355,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kalie,"I love this game! Soooo many fun questlines, wonderful story telling and a great world to explore!  Combat is a little basic for now adays but for its time it was good. Plus no hand holding for quests! (there is an ingame browser if u need it... and you WILL need it sometimes) Worth every penny spent on it!  Dont pass it up you will be doing yourself a disservice."
,Recommended,215280,781032,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Tasker,"I really enjoy playing this game. And te gameplay style is quite different than WOW. If you are fans of L4D and MMO, I recommend this to you."
76561198000546960,Recommended,215280,22934846,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Mr Sinister,Good game overall.Glad i got it.
,Recommended,215280,1487663,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,THE NEW FLESH,the only game that lets you find out what happened when the Soviets invaded the Hollow Earth with an army of cyborg vampires back in the 60s
,Recommended,215280,16538503,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Urky,"[This Review was for the game when it was on Steam as The Secret World, they are relauching the game as Secret World Legends (Free-2-Play)]Have played this game since its earliest beta, hands down one of the most unique MMOs on the market that you can play. With the addition of the Ultimate Edition out now you can purchasethe entire game, spanning from Issues 1-4 (Which come free with the game when it was a subscription game), to Issues 5-11, 3 Sidestory DLC Packs (1 for Investigation Missons, the other 2 for Tokyo missions).The main thing that sets Secret World apart from the rest of the MMO market, is that its aClasslessgame, no ""Levels"", there are a total of 525 normal abilities that you can master and aquire, doing that unlocks you a sweet Tron style outfit, the Panopic Core. The XP Bar is there just like anyother MMO, but each time you gain XP you gain Ability Points, which are used to unlock abilities, and Skill Points, which you use to increase your skill in the weapons and Talismans, Talismans are basically your gear in game, they do have stats, just like a normal mmo. You can only have a total of 7 Active Abilities / 7 Passive Abilies, 8/8 once you aquire the Auxillary Weapons.The cosmetics of the game are your characters clothing, you can aquire clothing in anyway in TSW, either by unlocked abilties, achievements, Decks (premade builds), buying them from a clothing store ingame or from the Item Shop. The Item Shop for TSW is pretty much all Cosmetics, you can purchase the Issues and Sidestory packs from the ingame shop, but it just unlocks Questing Content, nothing else. There are Ability Point Injectors you can purchase, but seeing as you can get AP pretty quickly without using them, they are not worth it.The game spans multiple locations, from New England to London, Egypt to Seoul, Transylvania to Hell, and finally to Tokyo where the games Season 1 concluded in Issue 11. The content in the game gives players hours, upon hours of playtime. Each zone having its own unique feel, the characters in each zone are fully voiced in and out of their cutscenesThere are multiple missions types in the game; There are your normal 'kill this, kill that, gather this, gather that' missions calledAction Missions.Side Missionsthat are usually 1 or 3 tier simple quests,Investigation Missions, which require the player to think outside the box by looking up information about the quest, even the cutscenes themselves hold some information about the actual quests, and thenSabotage Missionswhich requires the player to not get detected by any of the mobs, explosives, or cameras.The Community of TSW, is probably the greatest community in an mmo that i've been apart of, Devs and GMs interact with the community every week, two of the devs have started streaming every week on twitch showing the ins-and-outs of how they make the game.There will be times when something bugs out, and you have to send in a petition to a GM to get it fixed, the usual time it takes for a GM to respond to your petition will roughly be atleast 3 minutes tops, the GM team they have is always online to help players when they need it, and thats great customer service.Overall, The Secret World is an amazing MMO that more people should check out, specially with the new ultimate edition that gives you every content update in the game."
76561198143689217,Recommended,215280,26560001,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Loki,"I have never played such a facinating, intense, clever single/multiplayer MMO ever and I have played a few! This game allows you to take many paths such as a main line quest to find the achient truths behind the whole back story of the game.  With three different factions and their own point of views on all the quests you will want to replay it at least 3 times! If history and future dont take your fancy enjoy many of the millions of side quests, each mission unique and significant. Level you character up to be who you want to be! You want to throw blood at an enemy fine! You want to be a swordsman go ahead, what's that you want to bludgeon people with a hammer sure! The game has so many possibilities from missions, to boss/dungeon fights or simply collecting history and enemy bites called Lores. Play on you own, with a friend or a group! This game IS what YOU want it to be."
76561197991663125,Recommended,215280,21059510,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Big Chocolate,"An amazing MMO worth atleast checking out. Been playing since, but decided to recently re-buy it on steam just because it was on sale and wanted it in my steam library. Apart from the combat, that needs improvement, this game is an amazing work of art that obviously had a lot of time and effort into it. I promise, you will not regret picking up a copy of this game.8/10"
76561197972162374,Recommended,215280,21066944,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,SgtRomad,"I give this game 10 stars out of 10, it is EXCELLENT. I play WoW and GW2 and sometimes get bored with them, so SW is a great alternative. There is so much to do in SW: questing, crafting, PvP, PvE, dungeons, and puzzles to solve. I especially like the built in web browser so I can do research without opening up Firefox. The built in help is the best I have ever seen in a game. I already know that I will be addicted to the game, and play it for many years to come. The DLC is a bit expensive, but so long as I buy them only a few at a time, they are affordable. I really like the travel system also, very different than other games. One of my students recommended SW to me and I'm very glad that he did. In fact, I'm about to message a few friends of mine to invite them to join the game. I'm glad that the company dropped the monthly subscription, I wish Blizzard would do the same. Having free play, with an online store, and DLC is a great way for the company to make their money. Most people will NOT subscribe, especially because their are so many F2P games out there. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ALL IT IS ABSOLUTELY GREAT!!!"
,Recommended,215280,21101538,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,croteus,"The Secret World is an interesting deviation from the usual MMOs. The skill and ability system allows more customization to your character's battle strengths than most games in the genre. It also involves a bit more thinking, given the number of puzzles included which need solving prior to advancing in your quest line.On the other hand I also find it a bit more repetitive than other mainstream MMO options, and find myself less invested than usual. Perhaps this is a result of not requiring social interactions, since the rare group quests are optional through most of the game.The final thing worth noting is the Item Shop - always a point of contention with MMO gamers. Many of the items available are purely cosmetic, several others can be obtained without payment. The implementation of the item shop does not break this game, in my opinion. I'm fine without ever using it."
,Recommended,215280,21080911,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wereboar,"Mysteries, X-Files, Cthulhu and oh...Well! First, when you are interested in this game and you are a veteran in MMOs, try to forget those experiences. This game is different in so many ways. Still the game leaves a lot open, and you can actually wish for more, it does so many things right that I have to wonder why this game isn't more widespread - especially since you have a Buy2Play game, with an Item-Shop and Subscription options (The subscription refunds you some worth for the item shop at a really good value).The genre is a mix of many different Pen & Paper RPG's and relies on Missions (Quests) - it features one of the best Quest-Systems to be seen on an Computer game. First, each Main Quest is told by a little in game animation, telling the story behind your quest - you have to listen carefully and attentively - especially on research missions. You could call the Game a mixture of Call of Cthulhu meets Torg meets Nephilim meets Villains & Vigilantes... among some things, also some Arcane Earth is mixed in (A Freeware RPG from the early 1990s).The developers did a great job with the storytelling, and I have to say - the game is quite versatile on a technical level too, at the moment I am using a low end PC with on Board Graphics - the description says, the game won't run on this machine... but wondrously it does - of course some finetuning required. But it runs like a charm... still I can't wait for the spare parts of my main computer falling into place, just to see more of the marvelous dark and sinister graphics of the game.The game has some bad attitudes though, there are some jumping riddles that are hard to solve, because jumping works like a mess in this game. Some ""Boss"" Fights on the Main and Story-Quests are frustrating, and sometimes even botched up (not all, some are on purpose a challenge - mind that) and of course, the game still is not really finished.I think the secret world is a game, where the money spend is a really good investment - it offers a lot, without being made for fanboys. Parts of the game show, that it was made for Mature and Adult players - this should stick in the back of your mind.Pros:Good Questing System, that is showing the advancement within each quest.Levelless RPG, you are building your character around skills and equipment. Even further enhancements are possible, later in the game.Deep Stories, sometimes with some eastereggs and blinking towards media and P & P RPGs.Challenging without overburdening the player... if you aren't strong enough to solve a quest - you might come back later - after some more skills.Cons:Some quests and boss fights seem to be bugged, but the game is constantly cared for and even in the month I did play the game there were some changes.While the game runs stable, it's sometimes the Servers that are overacting - I had some troubles during the past month, but that might just be temporary.Highly Recommended!This game has everything a good MMORPG should have, plus more. The Devs actually put a lot of thought into their gameworld, and the sinister mood of the game isn't just transposed by fog, rain, thunderstorms and bad weather - but more by the storytelling and the immersive gameplay.There are some celebs in the game, as voiceactors of course. It's a shame that this game hasn't drawn a massive amount of players onto the dark realm of a Secret World... At last, it's far more entertaining than a lot of stuff outside, because of the steep learning curve and the challenging content.I hope the developers still have some surprises for us in reserve!"
76561198039678115,Recommended,215280,11422381,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Malsheen,"If you are an mmorpg gamer you should defenately buy and try out this game.It is not Wowish , it is not an sidescrolling mmo and it is not your typical korean 3d-mannga like game.With a modern time setting where every legend is true , be it urban or not, you can meet cthulic monsters,norse gods and even Dracula himself blending in with the games native overpowers the Filth and Gaia.This game is worth itfor the story alone.Play it as a single player and leave it after you finish the story line."
76561198023691852,Recommended,215280,3494445,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Rooster-Swe,Surprizingly fun :DGot kinda hooked
,Recommended,215280,10540765,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gabrial,"A very unique MMO which actually maintains a stroy naritive and high quality of story telling. The game really works the horror gerne and keeps you engaed with a fairly good mix of quest types. Some quests are crazy complex but with an inbuilt brouser(or just use your own brouser and google) but they feel really rewarding if you do them yourself.All in all a great game, end game maybe a little weak but in time it may evolve, content is released in fairly regular bitesized chunks which you can buy at your own pace rather than subscribing(although you can sub/lifetime sub if you wish) Tokyo has just released givingthe first whole new area since lauch so I hope to see more people noticing this little gem of a game and giving it a little time in the near future."
,Recommended,215280,27587561,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thepucewizard,One of the few MMOs that has the story be one of the strong points along with rather good world building and has unique and interesting quests that frequently involve ARG content.
,Recommended,215280,27954456,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Voidvessel,"I never thought that I would be into MMO games. In the one's I've played the quests tend to all feel the same after a while.This game has great content, the quests don't feel grindy, there are a lot of themes and variations in the story, great characters and the fact that you aren't leveling up in a traditional way means there's room for making errors and it let's you experiment with different builds and playstyles without having to make a new character."
,Recommended,215280,26997007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chili,70+ hours and im still in the first town... Best paranormal sherlock holmes simulator666/10 story69/10 ERP potential (tentacle monsters included)5/10 combat (worst thing in the game and its still ok)∞/10 Costumizaton
76561197984142302,Recommended,215280,27220083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Northstar86,"After trying dozens of MMORPG's, TSW was the first game that let me care enough to try the dungeons, to go on the raids, and take part in special events.  The setting and lore is fantastic, the story is enthralling, the locations are varied and the NPCs are remarkably well realized.  With no classes, there's no frustrated restarts and tedious level grinding. TSW is the game I play when I don't have the money for hyped new games and need to forget the marketing.  It's solid all the way through."
76561198059364749,Recommended,215280,11063050,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Lobster Surgeon,"The secret world is an MMO focused on all things found in Lovecraft lore. The game looks nice, sounds nice, and plays very well for how ambitious it is. The game boasts a large world and replayable missions while lacking tried and true character leveling instead opting for experience based skill and ability point on a threshold system. This lends itself to a feeling that no point spent is wasted. I highly recommend the game to anyone looking for a solid MMO with a moderate difficulty who isn't a fan of a monthly sub fee. Worth the money."
76561198138117342,Recommended,215280,18643895,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,aniasasain13,Its an awesome mix of tinfoil hat and classic horrer come to life.
76561198001691971,Recommended,215280,18542711,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Luscian,"Generic gameplay to be perfectly honest, but the storyline really makes it. I have been so much more interested in what happens in this world than I have any other MMO I've ever played. I'm playing it as a single player game, with the ability for people to drop in and out co-op, and it's really a lot of fun."
76561198093589445,Recommended,215280,13605295,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Valtari,"I've played quite a few MMOs (except WoW, oddly enough). I can definitely recommend this game to anyone. The thing is, you have to really be into lore heavy games to truly appreciate it. It's not all about combat 24/7. The characters and world is really fleshed out.For only 10 bucks for the winter sale this is a steal.Also, if you like Twin Peaks, and Lovecraft, you'll most likely really enjoy this game."
76561198027681639,Recommended,215280,28005599,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,cinemagick,"You like horror ? You like a good mystery here and there? You like to beat up on things that go bump in the night? Then this game is for you! Its Free, Fun and worth your time to play if you havent done so check it out!"
,Recommended,215280,16277957,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Endial,Great MMO really interesting fast travel system its gear based more than level based I would say but don't let that deter you its simply a different approach and it works out well.  You essentially create your own class here as well meaning you could set yourself up for some wicked combos or you you could be completely uselss lol.
,Not Recommended,215280,10455428,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,bartmoss,"After playing the game for a longer time (30h) I have to change my opinion. The annoying hunt the pixel quests are still there, and while I like the concept and basic story, the game just doesn't play well enough to retain you after a few days. Areas are tedious to navigate, you end up running back and forth a LOT, stuff just drags out and a myriad of small but bad design decisions begin to pile up. Finally, there simply aren't enough players to complete group content most days.If you are into the concept behind this game, get it at a good discount and give it a try. If you are unsure or want a good, playable MMO that can suck you in for an extended period of time, you won't find that here.I should add - though this of course does not reflect on the game itself - that I experienced the TSW community as surprisingly hostile. I assume this is due to being entrenched fans of a failing game, but it didn't make the experience any better either."
,Recommended,215280,10908010,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Raff,"Really hard for someone like me who doesn't play a lot of MMO's. Has interesting and unique story arcs that form the overall plot, with classless and level-less skills and abilities. Picking a faction only seems to change the faction specific quests and your overall appearance when it comes to costumes.Ties in a lot of real world conspiracies, myths and urban legends so it's not your regular fantasy genre settings and I commend Funcom for that.From early on, it's best to focus on only two weapon types as any more than that will drastically increase the difficulty of the game and the time taken to level up.Graphics are pretty nice, especially the attack effects, lighting/smoke and character models. Cutscenes are mediocre, with lots of out of sync lips when characters are talking but it's tolerable.The network ping is pretty bad from time to time (from Australia) and the minimum latency is around 280ms so feels sluggish even though I'm running at 60fps.Full of helpful players and cabals (clans) that can make it a lot easier for newer players.Lots of customisation and options to tinker with and it's easy enough to add friends or meet up with someone on the same server as you."
,Recommended,215280,7711835,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Kita-Jin,"tl;dr: Great ♥♥♥♥ing game with innovative mechanics and ideas, reminicent of the World of Darkness and the Dresden Files. Go try it!Some thoughts; The Secret World (TSW) is one of the most exciting MMO’s that I’ve had the pleasure of trying, with a deep and intriguing setting that encourages exploration both of the world and the narrative. The setting is heavily influenced by the works of writers such as H.P. Lovecraft and Stephen King, where you awake to a secret world, filled with monsters, spirits and ancient horrors from beyond this world, where all the legends and fairytales have a kernel of truth in them.The game looks stunning design-wise, and every area of the game draws heavily upon both pop cultural and historical representations of such settings as dreary New England or Ancient Egypt. You’ll spend a lot of time enjoying all the references that pop up and the new takes on myths and legends, all tied nicely together with the game’s central lore.TSW boasts some of the most intriguing quest systems I’ve seen so far in a MMO, especially the investigation missions, where the answer to a given problem often is not to be found in the game itself, requiring that you make use of the game’s built in web browser to investigate the clues for an answer. This can lead to some very frustrating moments as the difficulty of these investigation missions can be rather steep at times, showing that the game priorities not only combat as a challenge mechanism. TSW also makes heavy use of the graphical representation of the world itself to give you clues to further you on missions, where you can have walked past something several times, only suddenly to realize that there is an actual reason behind the design, beyond simple esthetics; they are a clue. But it also feels familiar to traditional MMORPGs.When it comes to the combat, TSW is complicated, simply put, and many a player has had a running face-first meeting with the metaphorical brick wall, as the game suddenly demands that players develop a deeper understanding of the mechanics of the game in order to bolster combat efficiency. The in-game tutorial of this is a bit lacking -especially given the huge amount of freedom the player is given concerning builds- which leads to no small amount of frustration at times, but once you have overcome this wall and started to learn how abilities work in conjunction with each other, the gameplay is rewarding and deep.Given that TSW has turned Free to Play, it is well worth giving it a go, both as a single player experience and as a deep and challenging MMO. The main critique I have of the game is the end game, where it turns into a traditional MMO and focues upon raiding and grinding, but this too is fun and challenging. Funcom regularly updates with Side Stories, quest chains and new areas that both further the main storyline and act as smaller short story-like experiences."
76561198023977062,Recommended,215280,11096339,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,cdye13,"I really like this game.  My boyfriend pulled me away to play some other MMORPG, but all I can think of is getting back to this one.  I really like the more modern-world setting and the supernatural lore. Much more up my alley as far as my interests go."
,Recommended,215280,9791404,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Retard,I don't understand what was so secret about the world. Everyone of the 3 people that played the game knew about the world.
,Recommended,215280,10182481,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Osiris,"The game is a bunch of fun but I would say its not going to be for everyone the main enjoyment from the game comes from the story and sovling the puzzles.  If you more want to just run in and kill everything get to max level ect its going to feel a bit empty.  The combat is a lot better since the changes for me personally but I do know some peopel are not a fan of the change so I think it will be a personal choice thing.If you are looking for an amazing story line and lots of epic cutscenes as well as some really tricky puzzle solving elements this is a great game I would recomend people give it a go at least. It is free now after all so your not really losing anything to try it even if you end up dropping it in a few weeks.And now that World of Darkness mmo got scrapped this is the best game around for anyone into that style of dark modern world themes.  Again the game is not for everybody, plenty of the changes with the legends launch have soured a lot of people to the game.  But for any new people thinking about grabbing the game I would say try to ignore some of the negativity.  People dont like change and honestly if your a brand new player there is so much story and lore for you to uncover before you run into any of the things many people are complaining about.For any returning players I would give the advice of get through the tutorials and into agartha before you judge it too much because a lot of the UI and abilities are locked during the tutorials so that the popups it gives you make sense.  A lot of the customerzations are still there you just cant access them right away.  Its a bit annoying for sure but its mostly only something old players will notice and its only during the tutorial so just power through it and you will be able to change stuff.So give it a try and see for your self."
,Recommended,215280,3162754,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,MerlinW,"Good story, intelligent dialogues, cool combat system and challenging gameplay. It's not a real MMO, its a storytelling with MMO elements in Funcom style:)"
76561198040583617,Recommended,215280,27307907,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luke,"This is my favorite MMO in terms of story, I usually find myself forgetting the plot and ignoring dialog in MMOs. In TSW I actually enjoy watching the cutscenes and reading lore."
76561197994452804,Recommended,215280,10810673,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,gator141,Very good story line and friendly people who will help.  The biggest problem is the steep learning curve on how to create good builds
,Not Recommended,215280,32995624,Posted: 29 June,all,EveOpheliac,"So long as they keep using reviews from The Secret World, rather than only Secret World Legends, my review will remain negative, as it's ridiculously shady and dishonest."
,Recommended,215280,14688708,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,[NCP] blood_guts,"It's a really cool mmo with interesting story lines, both main and side quests. Lots of side quests that you actually want to know the ending to and it really gives you a sense that there is a world that exists and has existed before you got there. The voice acting is good too. I like the dungeons and holiday raids too.also There's a huge amount of build customization which allows for really unique ideas.~8 active skills and 8 passives~stats are determined by gear or talismans (so switch gear real quick to change your build even mid dungeon and you can change skills too)~gear are purely stats your asthetic appearance can be changed with other items in a drop down menu so you can be as bad a.ss ( ors.l.utty/re.tar.ded) as you like~you don't level up but simply get more skills and points to wear higher ""level"" stuff~the gear levels only go up to 10 so the real challenge is just getting more XP when you want to try out making a new build which is super fun"
,Recommended,215280,21029544,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Butt,"PROPlenty of intrigue, mystery, and spooky appeal. These qualities make this game unique amongst my steam library, i will likely never uninstall this. ;)CONControls are hardcoded, need AHK (third party program) to rectify this so you can bind abilities to mouse clicks and customise the targetting modes. There is an AHK file floating around out there called advanced reticle mode or something like that which does this.BUILDS AND GEAR (early on)For the beginning trash mobs you'll want some AOE attacks and self-heals for solo survival. I suggest getting the sword early on, there is a very early ability available which functions as a self heal if you slot the corresponding passive for it, and there are plenty of aoe sword attacks available. Fist weapons have alot of HoT abilities, which can be quite good to use just before heading into a fight, so I would suggest getting that as your secondary weapon when starting out a new character.BUILDS AND GEAR (endgame pve/pvp)It can be quite difficult to play any build you want if you do not have gear with stats that compliment them! Endgame gear can be hard to get for either pve or pvp purposes, however pvp is a bit more forgiving in that you get a stat buff depending on what pvp role you choose, and then the stats on whatever gear you're wearing will replace the least-prioritised stats from the stat buff (also known as equal-footing buff). This makes it a little easier to make viable, specialised builds for pvp without having to attain endgame gear."
76561198016827097,Not Recommended,215280,30816410,Posted: 29 March,all,maybeagnostic,"I can't recommend this game to anyone who liked TSW or anyone who tried it but abanonded it after getting a taste of the story and atmosphere- those are still the major and possibly sole draws. However, if you like modern settings and horror stories- especially if you like The World of Darkness- this game should be right down your alley.Reasons to play this game:Great writing, cut scenes, voice acting and atmosphere: these are just inextricably linked so if a modern setting horror RPG sounds interesting to you, you should definitely check out SWL treating it as just a single player RPG.Investigation missions: if you like puzzles and challenging brain teasers, Secret World will have some of the best ones you've encountered. Unfortunately they are all years old so while googling for information is expected, the top page of results will usually be full of guides for the puzzle instead of the related information.Reasons to skip this game:You have finished TSW: If you did all content in TSW, then SWL has nothing to offer you in the content department. Not only is there nonewcontent, big chunks of old content is missing, presumably to be added over the next 6-9 months (e.g. all of Tokyo, more than half of the dungeons, raids).You want action combat: The much vaunted reticle mode doesn't change the fact that this is one of the slowest and least engaging combat systems I've ever encountered. Fights are slow and never challenging- it all boils down to pressing the same 2-3 buttons every single time and enemies are just hp bags you have to beat on long enough. The few times I have gotten into fights I lost, I could see myself losing a minute or longer in advance but the combat system is so static I had nothing to do but watch myself slowly lose health quicker than my opponent.You disliked TSW animations: Some animations have been changed but with only a few exception it hasn't been for the better. Enemies rarely react to attacks, animations and sound effects are disconnected from both mechanics and in-world events, many animations look ridiculous when they aren't supposed to, etc. Many gun animations actually happen after the hit lands so you'll constantly see your character shooting at corpses when other enemies are attacking you; conversely some magic abilities only hit long after the animation finishes so you might see a lightning bolt strike an enemy, turn around to face someone else and cancel the ability before damage ever lands; finally melee weapons are mostly synced but have terrible sound design- cutting people with a sword makes a knife sharpening sound, hitting the ground with a hammer makes a hollow *thunk* and so on.You like theorycrafting: There is almost no theorycrafting to be done. Builds are as simple as picking your primary and secondary weapon with only one primary weapon passive left over for ""customization."" Playing around with different builds is prohibitively expensive on several different levels- pay to unlock new weapon, grind up expertise levels, massive pay+grind to level up new gear, cost of actually obtaining BiS gear through multiple levels of paid RNG, grind of unlocking actives and passives for new weapons.Nonsensical classes: Not only do classes make little sense within the game's system but two of the three classes marked as dps have aggro abilities while two of the three classes marked as tanks have no aggro abilities. I can only assume the person who ""made"" classes had little idea what their abilities do.Strict linearity: TSW was already a fairly linear game but the speed of progression was left to players and veterans knew alternative ways to bring their alts up to par including events, scenarios, investigation missions and the like- not so with SWL where everything is aggressively level locked and the story mission leads you by the nose all the way to Transylvania. On the flip side anyone trying to complete all content before moving on to the next zone will find themselves drastically overleved at all times and wandering around zones where enemies won't even attack them.You want challenging endgame content: There just isn't one in the game atm and I doubt there'd ever be any. All endgame dungeons are locked behind a mandatory randomizer which means that they need to be of uniform difficulty and the more challenging versions of those dungeons (not in the game yet) are locked behind months of grind.Community: Seems to be quite unpleasant to the point where I stopped reading public chats to avoid the constant bickering and trolling after only a few days. Probably far from the worst in the wide MMO world but knowing how welcoming and friendly the TSW community was, this makes me really sad.Customer Service: GMs and CMs are great but totally swamped- I just waited 37 days for a petition to go through. Multiple friends have had to wait for over 3 weeks on payment issues and game breaking bugs (literally unable to progress through the game). Once someone gets to you, they are always helpful and considerate but waiting for over a month when TSW used to have a GM respond withint 5 mintues is quite galling.Crashes: Other than sort of crashing every time you try to close it (unresolved memory leak in UI since 2012), the game is very unstable in ways that TSW never was. Personally I crash every 1-2 hours of play (and have done so for months) but many others have it much worse than me. Running a 15-minute dungeon has better than even chances of at least one person crashing.Horrible grind: Virtually everything in this game is locked behind increasingly aggressive grind walls. ""Reach level 12 to continue the story,"" ""Do dailies for 3 days to collect MoFs to unlock Sprint IV,"" ""Run 5000+ missions to unlock all passives,"" ""Run 100+ scenarios to upgrade this glyph,"" ""Run 100+ Elite 1 dungeons + other stuff so you can enter Elite 2 dungeons which you have to grind to unlock... all the way to Elite 10.""Monetization: So you might be thinking ""That's alright, I don't mind paying for games. I'll just pay a monthly subscription and enjoy my time playing the game"" but you'd be wrong. While Patron status removes some major restrictions, it doesn't really alleviate the grind, remove any of the roadblocks along the way or make the game relent on trying to make you pay for stuff. You could drop hundreds of dollars into power boosts for your character and while that will make you massively more powerful than someone who hasn't, you will still have a long way to go before maxing out gear for even a single role.If you treat it as a single player horror RPG with some pretty interesting missions and characters, SWL is a great game. As an MMO it has a lot of major flaws and anyone trying to rush through to the endgame will be left sorely disapppointed. As a continuation of TSW, you'd need to wait at least a year before anything new actually materializes if it ever does and there are good reasons to worry it will not be of TSW quality should it materialize."
,Recommended,215280,13014435,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,bleachitblue,Love this. It's a beautiful game with a wonderful story line. :)
,Not Recommended,215280,16394606,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mastro,"The Secret world was one helluva game, consisting of vampires, Cthuhlu, Secret Societies, and more. This game was worth getting its massive edition and spending a subscription on.Not anymore.Secret World Legends betrays what it was. The only thing that is still worth playing it for is the story and the story alone. The combat system is about as effective as throwing your keyboard out of a window and replacing it with a potato with six buttons on it. The leveling system is full of grinding, level-locking, and rotten potato. The character customization belive it or not got worse, as if all the options were thrown out the window with your keyboard and replaced with different colored potatoes. There are so many Pay to Win options as well as paywalls that it's surprising that this isn't an NCSoft Game. The worst part about it is that when Secret World Legends was in beta, it was still the same as it is officially out.All in All, Secret World Legends is a potato version of The Secret World. Save your time and don't even bother downloading this disgrace."
,Not Recommended,215280,26398177,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Inquisitor Penguin,"My originally review is at the bottom of this one.I recently went in to play Secret World again, and I found that my account data had been deleted. Although I still have a record of payments in my Funcom account (which I can see by logging in from the Anarchy Online website, not TSW website, oddly enough). Everything I bought is gone, nd there doesn't seem to be a way to get it back. Over the years, I spent several hundred dollars to unlock various things for my account.I recommend avoiding this game, or if you do play it, please don't spend any money on anything in game, because you never know when they'll wipe it off and pretend you never bought it in the first place.Caveat emptor. You've been warned.---------Old Review-----------This is one of the more underappreciated MMOs. It's got an interesting story, excellent character mechanics, and plenty to see and do.The game takes a bit of skill to succeed, but TSW is easily worth the price of admission. I've got about 354 hours in it since buying it, and I've never regretted that decision."
,Not Recommended,215280,25169186,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hecatonchyr,"Funcom does not deserve a single second of anyone's time for the simple fact that they do not respect the time put in any of their game and will not hesitate to delete years of achievements, gear and progression to give more place for a new system that makes mobile game microtransactions look cheap in comparison.After 5500+ hours in TSW, and a review that used to be positive especially around the story, it is a big thumb down for a reroll that is just the same game with same catastrophic framerates and game engine, same story (actually less advanced than it used to be and will still take years before catching up to the story before the reroll), and simply more ways for players to spend real money to progress.It is worth noting that The Secret World Legends managed to inherit all the (positive) reviews of The Secret World, despite the fact it is ""an entirely new game"". I would not have changed my review if Funcom did not even try this cheap move."
76561198004586812,Recommended,215280,2247630,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,[merflr] Herr Doktor,"My TSW review (original game): It's such an awesome game. I'v convinced 6 guild war 2 players to play this instead and they havent touched GW in some time. that should say something. It's an expanding game with new content almost every month. Good story, voice acting and great missions. Combat is basic, but can be challenging at times, especially in end game dungeons and locations. Anyways, go buy it. I myself have spent over 1500 hours on this. (written in 2013)My SWL review (New Revamp):Honesly, I like it. I see a lot of hate from veteran players, and yes, they do have every right to it. Even with the hours stated above (my steam hours are different, because i played from launch with funcoms own launcher), i still iked it. Perhaps i never got into the orginal TSW grind, with the aegis and augment stuff. I played this game for the story, the atmosphere. Never cared for the combat, and the best part of this game were the mission chains, which include the awesome sabotage and investigation missions.With the latter mission types, I'm still i kingsmouth, and yes i noticed that the investiagtion /sabotage missions have gotten easier, or seem easier (I had kept a notebook with all my research from original TSW, and pulled it out for SWL). However, they are still the same, if anything, they have made finidng the answers more obvious. However, from asking around, this is very specific to beginner content in kingsmouth, and that egpyt and Trans have not changed the difficulty. Funcom noted that the difficulty in the beginning of the original game has turned a lot players away which ultimately led funcom to make these relaunch decisions. Please, dont blame them, blame the ppl who couldn't get past it these hardships from the original.I never had a problem with combat in the original, i played this game for the story and fell in love. I do find the combat a lot more fun in SWL. With regards to skills, yes it's been gutted in SWL, but again, the reasoning behind it was ppl got intimiated, and with over 500 skills, be honest, WERE YOU GOING TO USE ALL 500??!?! OF COURSE NOT.  Funcom had to change it to make the skills more useful, and have ppl decide on their playstyle. This ""lighter"" version is much easier to use and see. I do miss having the ability wheel, and the options it presented, but even with the various tanking, dps, healing and pvp builds shared and made over my tenure of TSW, i was never going to use all of them. SWL simplifies them to make every skill useful to how you want to play, and what you see fun.Overall, i do enjoy this game, and perhaps because i didnt get sucked into the late game grind of the original, i dont necessarily feel shafted that funcom did this. Am i dissappointed that funcom did not deliver on their promises for the original, yes, but if funcom can deliver on SWL, and they seem to be more willing to, then sure, i'll tag along. But if funcom doesnt, you can be sure to see another vet leave.With other gameplay elements, i can deffo echo some of the sentiment in regards to the leveling up of the story and the content. Yes, it is a little hard, and not a lot of loot drops. It sucks, and so leveling your gear will take longer. But ehh, i dont play a lot each day, and more casual now, so I can expect my gear and lvling to be similar. That's fine by me. It does feel that more time spent in game does equate to faster lvling and gearing up. And no, it's NOT PAY TO WIN. I do know a few players who have lvled up quickly simply because they have more time on their hand to play.Game optimization has been okay, or similar to the original. Graphics still look the same which never bothered me. have not tried elite dungeons yet. the ""lvl system"" in SWL is basically only a gauge to show your ""power lvl"" against other creatures. And the ""class system"" is to help you choose your two starter weapons. It's much harder to switch weapons now, but whatever, i knew what i wanted to play from the start and stuck to it. Oh, and if you miss the lore during the tutorial, it's actually still in the game in the various fields. It's NOT GONE forever. so chill for those that complained about that.TLDR; play if you want the amazing story, the content has not been changed (except for aux weapons) the easiness that ppl complain about is only in the beginning zones. I still recommend despite some of the shortcomings. MJ, a big TSW fan wrote a review on SWL on massively overpowered (will link review at the bottom). If she liked it, (somoene who has spent even more time than me) then as a vet or new player, you (hopefully) should too. Have fun with it, and take it for a spin. If you don't like, you don't like. If you do like, you do like.MJ's impressionpart 1:http://massivelyop.com/2017/06/05/chaos-theory-interview-and-impressions-of-secret-world-legends/part 2:http://massivelyop.com/2017/06/07/chaos-theory-interview-and-impressions-of-secret-world-legends-part-ii/larry's impressionhttp://massivelyop.com/2017/06/29/chaos-theory-week-one-impressions-of-secret-world-legends/"
,Not Recommended,215280,5693594,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,kinzo,"Secret Worldiswas my favorite mmo.The gameplay while somehow classic had his own dynamic making bossfight really amazing, and when i heard about Secret World Legend, his improved combat system i was kinda excited to retry the game (and with hope of a better performance, which was TSW weak point).But what a surprise. Here it is the same old reticle targeting that almost no one used before, though this time it is forced on you. How can games at this time can still call action combat such system. It's exactly the thing as tab targeting but you have to keep the mouse on target. No skill are skillshot (except the ground attack, but that's exactly the same case for the old TSW too), you can't fire if you don't hover a target.On a positive note i liked the tutorial and the agartha change. But tbh i didn't go much further than that on this version of Secret World as i have no fun playing it. But from other source there seems to still have bugs that was already present in the ancient version, which i can't confirm as i won't go as far as that.For anyone who's going to play the game anyway. Have fun ! if you can."
76561198150744899,Recommended,215280,27168591,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gravia,"As I see it, this game isn't about the grinding and rampaging enemy mobs as much as it is for the story line. I usually play a game the way most gamers would hate me, skipping cutscenes and reading. Yet this game made me watch every cutscene and read every note I could find. why? Because this game has a massive story and sidestories all over the place. I loved every story I went through"
76561197998202182,Recommended,215280,1803157,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,_Panzer_X_OZ_,ARG PUZZLES LET'S DO THIS!
,Recommended,215280,28817084,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Gin,Just look at my played hours.You get the picture.
76561197970864200,Recommended,215280,470681,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Stedios,"Legends review:After playing 630 hours in the original game I am left with a bad taste in my mouth in that I could not finish my journey where I left off, Why is it the Devs could not let one of our characters carry on?, I just cannot stomach playing all the quests again life is too short to play the same game twice, I just hope if they do new content that they let people start with a high charcter so I can play it, else I will have to watch a let's play!Apart from this major gripe I have enjoyed  the new changes and the combat does seem more streamlined and fun, and for New Players (which I wish I was one) the game is one hell of a ride which you will enjoy, so until I get dementia I will give this a miss, but I still recomend one of my Fave games of all time. Its with a tear in my eye that I bid this game a fond farewell. And still the mature me gives it a thumbs up! whilst my petulant side screams f*** you Funcom!  ..DELETED.Old review for Secret World:This game is the one MMO I keep returning to over and over again, Sometimes I get kinda tired of it when I seem to hit a brick wall, But then I play other MMO's and then I realise what I am missing, And that this is one of the best games ever devised in this MMO genre, It breaks the rules of MMO and re definess the boundaries, With well told story driven quests that are actually Interesting, Involving things that are on the dark recesses of our minds, Stuff we may of heard about is brought into a vivid colourful reality and slapped in our face as we struggle to grasp the meaning behind the myriad of strange stories this game unravels, Buy it and play it, An MMO with shotguns that will not dissapoint."
,Recommended,215280,18702319,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Reinstra,"""Once a Templar, Always a Templar"" -Smertniy"
76561197997945630,Recommended,215280,13183618,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,anBroc,"Only just bought this through Steam, but I have had over 1000 hours of great gameplay on this over the last year or so.Can't recommend this game enough.An open ended skill system, which supports playing pretty much how you want, whatever your play style is. Even after playing since launch I still discover new things I like about it, and the story keeps on getting better with every issue. Also has the most open and engaging user community of any MMO that I have played, and new players are made pretty welcome."
,Not Recommended,215280,8468110,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Doctor Redacted,"I originally had written a review that was complimentary for the original game.As the store page was renamed as opposed to making a different page for a completely different game, I removed and am updating it as of now.I cannot reccommend this game not knowing the direction it will take."
,Not Recommended,215280,26978547,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,asha*,"one of best games in 2015, 2016 yearsVery bad game of the year 2017...For players who purchased this game now have 0 bonuses in-game and/or additional DLC(s).I just lost my money for this..."
76561198046649037,Recommended,215280,26343605,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,quietlydisturbed,"Are you a fan of Chuthulu? MMORPGs? Killing Demons? Zombies? Vampires? If you answered yes to any (or all) of these than this might just be the MMO for you. There are no classes or levels. You pick your starting weapons (guns, melee or magic) your group (illuminati, Templars or the Dragon) and off you go to solve the mysteries of The Secert World!While this game suffered early when it was released it has since been updated and refined into a decently made MMO that has a strong committed base of players. The missions you get sent on will test everything from your characters strengths to how intellegent you are. I highly recommend keeping a pencil and notepad near you while playing if you don't just want to Google the answers for the Investigation missions.8/10 - Graphics8.72/10 - Story7/10 - Innovation10/10 - Replayability9/10 - Sound & Music10/10 - Challenge (without being frustrating)"
76561198123885276,Recommended,215280,8897356,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Blackwatch,"This game plays a lot like WoW in a new world. Missions are mostly interesting, weapons are new and unique, guns, magic, swords etc, but ultimatly the mechanis of using them are the same. It quickly goes from intesting to a grind fest though and i became bored fast. Standard MMO if your into that sort of thing"
76561198046059151,Recommended,215280,8900755,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Mourgan447,"The content is great, the character development is fantastic and original. But the best thing about this game is the user base. It isn't a HUGE user base, but they are, for the most part, fantastic people. Some of the nicest, most friendly and helpful gamers I have met in an mmo (and I have played a few) are hiding out in Secret World. Oh, but one major caveat -- if you are squeemish about zombies, blood, gore, and getting the bajezzus scared out of you, DONT buy this game. If you like a little fright every once in a while, though, then by all means, come join us in The Secret World. (and send me a tell, I'm happy to help - Twaine)"
,Recommended,215280,8874056,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Mentaro,"No levels, you spend your usual skill and talent points as you wish to fill out and buff up whatever weapon strikes your fancy. You feel yourself becoming stronger without really noticing it rather than expecting what comes from a more traditional leveling up style. The is rife with 'conpsiracy theory' elements because you literally ARE part of the conspiracy, which keeps it interesting for enthusist. You can BE the Illumianti, for ♥♥♥♥ sakes."
76561198041277760,Recommended,215280,9099455,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Cross_D,"A fun adventure, thriller, puzzle game basically about myths and conspiration theories made real. Very interesting and you should play it!"
,Recommended,215280,10321565,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,OneQuarterPower,Best Bigfoot high fiving simulator 2014
,Recommended,215280,13556412,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Lurz,wat the ♥♥♥♥kkk issssssssss life when u play this game T_T
76561198005604689,Recommended,215280,7904362,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Rosanne Faerwing,"HIGHLY reccomend this game to anyone here who wants to play a more modern day rpg.. Loving every moment of playing this game, yet to try the pvp but from what I've seen its brilliant =D"
,Recommended,215280,10194553,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,KGBCowgirl,"While at first I was leery of starting on another MMO after a long stint without more than scattered gameplay on EVE and The Old Republic, I found myself interested in the concept behind this game. After the initial ""WTF"" phase that most gamers go through with a new style, I discovered that not only did I enjoy the game, I'd found one that had topped any MMO before it in my opinion. While it seems TSW starts off slow, it picks up the pace almost instantly after the starter missions. Grinding away in the same area constantly seemed unappealing until I saw the way the game encouraged not only teamwork, but communication between party members (a feature I hadn't seen since the early days of Everquest).Following the introduction to the gameplay alone, I found that the storyline was not only well-constructed, but engaging for the players. Every time I finished a mission, the one following it left me more than curious enough to progress through the line following it.This game, despite its seemingly grind-dependant system, is one I would highly recommend to any MMO gamer who lost their spark, lost interest in gaming, or just wants to try something new."
76561198063499307,Recommended,215280,13280566,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Tark,"This game takes a long time to download, plus the extra time for patches, the game is fun and the quest can be tough at times are longer and arent just grinding. The game isnt worth the 30 dollars, but if you ever see it on sale for like 10 or around that and you want to get a mmo then I would say pick this up. But be sure to have friends, or search and do every quest you find along the way."
,Recommended,215280,9075416,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bunny,"Wasn't fully sure about this game at the start, but oh my, am I ever so addicted to it now. Fun playstyle, fun quests, hilarious voice actors, this game is going in my top 10 MMOs I have ever played. :D"
76561198099559159,Recommended,215280,9233786,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,xXx*CORE*xXx,this game is pretty sweet. i love that its set in todays time. and that you can go to the center of the earth..... its warm there.
,Recommended,215280,8690741,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,luee_luv,"This MMORPG is amazing, it brings a whole entire new aspect into mmorpgs with a dark twist.  I would highly recommend this game for people who enjoy dark stories, rpgs, mmos, mmorpgs, and conspiracies.  I play on arcadia and my clan is also located on arcadia.  We play on the side of the illuminati"
,Recommended,215280,8755092,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dusty Bronco,"An MMO is only as good as the sum of its parts: the story, the multiplayer aspect, the cash shop, the ""hook,"" and the company that makes it. The Secret World is a very good MMO, but because its director has changed, the end product is a bipolar mix of MMO design philosophy. The early and middle parts of the game are rich, interesting story, supplemented by detailed environments, memorable characters and enemies, and well-written plots. The endgame is a punishing grind for gear and skills. Additionally, the latest holiday events were grind-fests, as well.Would I recommend this game? Yes. The story itself is such a beautiful thing that it deserves recognition. However, the endgame is a bucket of cold water to a damn good Sunday afternoon nap, so be sure to prepare yourself."
76561198025253702,Recommended,215280,8970917,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,edmundos,"A super cool game.  Great graphics, amazing storyline, ... it goes on and on.  Get it.  Get it now."
,Recommended,215280,8984982,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,1yaman^,Cool MMO its fun when playing in groups or with a clan
,Recommended,215280,8986208,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,ayy lmao top keks,"I've been playing The Secret World for some days now and I got to say Im impressed!The game hasn't got much popularity and yet there are lots of active players around.The game mechanics are really good for an RPG and it kinda reminds me of APB: Reloaded mixed with Rift.The class system, skill system, ability system... they are all new and make this game unique. And The Secret World concept itself is already as unique as any game can get.I trully recommend this game to and fan of RPGs, its worth every cent you pay for it ;)"
76561198034983527,Recommended,215280,9041022,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,FuckStick_TheMagic_Dragon,"For the LAZY PEOPLE! - If you want to see a PRO-CON list immediately, click ""Read More"" and scroll DOWN!Categories!!! - Positive commentary.!*!*! - Negative Commentary!!! - I can't recommend this MMORPG enough. I can't get enough of it. Been playing it non stop recently and I don't think it'll end anytime soon. The game mechanics are superb for the style of gameplay it utilizes. Gunplay and melee combat and spectacularly executed, and I have seen few games that can pull it off. Especially in an RPG style game like this. The magic is also well done. Each weapon and fighting style can be combined in hundreds, if not thousands of different ways! The skill trees and the abilities are very well done as well as thought out. Once you learn it, it becomes quite easy to figure out what you want to do with your character, and at that point, the posibilities become endless.!!! - To start, one of the most important things I really want to mention about this game is it's setting and style. It is MODERN DAY. And there are no fairies or anything! Which is a really fresh getup with the game. Now you're probably thinking, ""There are muthical creatures in this game!"" Yes! There are! And each one of them are gruesome, disgusting and AWESOME! They look beautiful. Much different from a futuristic and fairytale style setting. Oh! And I forgot to mention. It has the Illuminati, Templars and Dragons! Secret Societies for FACTIONS!? That's a win/win for everyone.!!! - You could become a pistol dueling swordsman, a elemental mage who uses shotguns, and even an Assault rifle marksman who bashes enemies heads in with a HAMMER! The combinations and playstyles very in so many forms it takes player variety to a whole new level. I still have yet to use all the weapons and magics with all their main inner ring abilities.!!! - The questing as well! Man oh man, whoever designed the quest lines and missions on this game knew what the heck they were doing! Along with the main storyline that you play along(which is also extremely compelling) you are allowed to do extra missions along the way with an additional set of 3 extra side missions possible. Now they are not given to you, but as you move to your next objectives you can pick them up along the way, rewarding you with money and some awesome trinkets and gear.!!! - The game mechanics are also something extremely notable. The way combat is done is fairly simple and straight forward. It is hotkey based but is simplified to the first 7 number keys on your keyboard. You can apply 7 active combat or supportive abilities of which are all really fricking awesome! Along with that, passive abilities (7 of them as well) can be activated as well! This makes loadouts limited, but it allows  you to experiment with combat combinations and permutations.!*!*! -As for the bad parts, there is few to say but the ones that are there are something to note of. Grinding is definitely an aspect of this game, but it doesn't really feel like it as you have much to explore and kill. But repetitive killing will come if you are focusing on acquiring AP and SP points. And there is no Leveling up system, which is pretty cool but it makes guidelines for the newer players hard to follow as they try to progress.!*!*! - The monsters and enemies on this game are a problem as well, especially when trying to get through the storyline. Determining whether you can fight and KILL the monster you are about to engage is hard to predict since there is no definite sign. Fighting something you can't kill is of serious consequence since you have no real ability to flee. The storyline throws you through missions/tiers quickly, meaning you get through the mission faster than your character can keep up with. So you WILL have to grind and wait a bit to be able to kill or fight the monsters coming up in the next section of the mission.!*!*! - The learning curve on this game is also a bit of a moderate level. The interface and hotkey tutorials is easily forgotten so you will have to dock some time into learning it. Understanding some of the combat mechanics such as Resource Pooling and Ability screening can be a bit tricky. Figuring out what your supposed to do, how to get stronger character wise, how to get better clothes and MUCH better gear can also be a bit of an issue for new players unless they delve into some research. Noobies might find it frustrating a bit to figure out what they're doing.The All in All:PROS-The Factions are Illuminati, Templars and Dragons. Awesome in a box.-New and Fresh setting. Set in the Modern Day rather than fairies and Knights in shining armor.-$29.99 is a GREAT price for what you're getting.-Combat is fun and well executed.-Great Mission and Questing opportunities-Graphics won't murder your computer. (CPU may be an issue)-Thousands of different play styles and combat combinations.-Really. Fricking. Fun.CONS-Learning the game is a bit tricky.-Character Development vs Monster Progression is hard to keep up with.-Some might find the game a bit repetitive in combat.(Vary your playstyles as you go through! Don't stick to one or two weapons!)-Most of the ways to make yourself look cool is by paying REAL MONEY. But it is not a requirement. Faction armor is provided.The Verdict, Should you buy this game?YES! For 30 bucks you are getting a SWEET deal. Any MMORPG fan is going to fall in love with this game. The factions are each unique and great! The weapons and magics are all cool and well designed. The quests feel endless. For not subscriptions, this is a MUST BUY! This is definitely a 9/10. I say 9/10 since there are definitely some fixe(not just bugs) and tweaks dearly needed. But otherwise, almost perfect. Get. This. Game."
,Recommended,215280,13502276,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SokerCap,"One of the best story driven games I have played, online or not. Very unique, interesting world and events, way different than any other mmo quests. You actually pay attention to what is going on, not just follow the big arrows and click the same buttons over and over. I never got to end game though, it works best if you have friends playing too as the matchmaking or finding groups to run with while leveling never really clicked for me. The leveling system is really cool with you can pick and switch between any of the many areas to level in however it does make it hard to determine relative level of content and dungeons that you should be running."
,Recommended,215280,14530982,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,dog,The Secret World: The only game I've played that all but demands a degree in Anthropology - Majoring in all four disciplines.It also requires a degree in IT troubleshooting to convert to steam.Who said games weren't educating our youths?
76561198017691382,Recommended,215280,15101448,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,=10th=Kracken!,Great Lovecraftian Game
,Recommended,215280,15100477,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Hunter,"An MMO with some good story elements, mixed with a combat system that some might hate.A lot."
,Recommended,215280,16289215,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Nooks,Seems pretty fun so far...
76561198006796901,Recommended,215280,16316264,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ozymandias,Horror MMO with lovecraftian overtones.
,Recommended,215280,16525967,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,nakazoto,"The first MMO I ever played was Anarchy Online, also by Funcom.  I bought it when it was first released and played for years to come.Since I've tried to find an MMO that I felt had as much depth as well as a breathtaking atmosphere and nothing could compare.  That is until I got my mitts on The Secret World (again by Funcom - it appears they got my number).  So, I'll break it down into a few categories outlining my favorite part of this game.Story:One of the largest problems I have with MMOs is that I live in Japan, a time zone that makes it difficult to get online during the busiest hours of play.  Usually when I hop into an MMO is sparsely populated and just finding a team can be nearly impossible.  Therefore, it's necessary that an MMO have a solo experience that is every bit as strong as the multiplayer experience.  On this, The Secret World does not disappoint.  The questing and story mission are some of the best I've ever experienced in any game, much less an MMO.  The number of story missions, main missions and side missions is staggering, but what's even more staggering is that they all interweave into each other, contributing to the overarching story as a whole.  Everything feels connected and it's the most rewarding solo experience in a game I've played to date.Multiplayer:At first, I thought the multiplayer aspect of the game was sorely lacking, but upon joining the Sanctuary chat channel and finally getting powerful enough to start enjoying dungeons, playing with a team really opened up.  Even though there aren't that many dungeons available, they're of the quality that I relish playing them over and over with different teams.  The enjoyment comes not from figuring out the dungeon, but figuring out how best to work with your team members.  You can constantly tweak your build to fill in gaps in your defense or build up your offense.  What this results in is that at the beginning of the dungeon, when the team is still freshly formed, the team is weak.  As you plunder through the dungeon, each member slowly tweaks their build and play style to work well with their teammates and by the time you reach the boss of the dungeon, you're team is working together like a well oiled machine, soaking up hits while dishing out the pain.  Or, if you don't gel well with your team and try to figure out the best way to work together, you all die.Character depth:The reason the multiplayer aspect works so well is because of the depth of the character build system.  There are no classes, you can learn any weapon on the fly.  You can be a healer for a particularly tough fight, but on the easier parts, you can switch over to a damage dealer and help knock the enemies down faster.  Or, you can build a leech healer that steals HP every time you deal damage, creating a nearly indestructible solo build.  The ability wheel at first seemed simple, buy the most expensive abilities and equip those.  You can't think about individual abilities, just like the theme in multiplayer, you have to think about which active abilities and which passive abilities play well with each other.  As you dive deeper into the ability wheel, you start to realize the complexity of it all.  This allows countless different builds and allows you to make a really unique character that tailors perfectly to your play style.  It requires some serious thought though.  I have a stack of notes on my desk of build ideas (some borrowed from others, some my own creation and some blends of the two) that I try out depending on the situation.  Additionally, there is no one universal build.  There is so much diversity in the enemies you come across that sometimes you have to use a completely different build just to survive.  This is by far one of the most rewarding aspects of the game.Atmosphere:Graphics have come a long way since the days of Anarchy Online.  This game is nothing short of gorgeous.  I have a fairly serious PC (Phenom II X6, Radeon HD 1950, 32GB DDR3) and I still only manage an average of 30 FPS, so keep that in mind.  The visuals are stunning and each area has its own unique feel.  Nothing feels like it has been reused or recycled.  But, in a way, this game reminds me of the Stalker series of games.  It's not just about pure graphical power, because in that sense, there are many games out there that can outshine it.  It's about the whole package  The visuals, the sound, the music, it all works in wonderful unison to pull you into the game.  It's so easy to get caught up in the atmosphere and depth that I often found myself completely letting the real world surrounding me dissolve and disappear (much to the chagrin of my significant other).Community:I've found that the community is even better than the community in Anarchy Online, which is to say, amazing.  The Sanctuary chat channel in particular is a godsend.  Some of the most helpful people I've ever met in a game, I've met in this game.  Everyone is good natured, willing to answer any questions (no matter how menial they may seem), and even help us lowbies battle through some of the more particularly difficult situations.  Getting into a Cabal (the equivalent of a guild or org) is taking the wonderful community and adding in a very strong sense of camaraderie.  The community is always active, helpful, fun and downright pleasant.Overall:If you would have asked me in my first 10 to 15 hours of play what I thought of the game, I would have said it was good but not great.  If you were to ask me now (at just 150 hours in), I would say it's downright amazing.  The game unfolds piece by piece, drawing you in further and further.  If you're looking for a unique gaming experience you can share with thousands of wonderful people, this is your one stop shop."
,Recommended,215280,12625421,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Joseph Stalin,"This is one of the only MMOs that I've been able to really get into.  I like the different quest style, especially the investigation missions.  The leveling and ability wheel takes a bit of getting used to but it works out."
76561198073247215,Recommended,215280,20336705,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ghos7walker,"I had plaied the game for about 2 hours when I found myself surrounded in a pile of notes, reading through a bible and scouring the internet. This game forces you to be you character in real life. Love it"
76561198018804497,Recommended,215280,18315995,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Elson Grimm,"This game infected me. For a long time I wanted to play this game, before it came out I was super pumped to play, after it arrived Life situations lead me away from gaming but soon a gnawing feeling came back I kept looking up this game wondering about it. After playing it I was hooked I played for all 32 hours straight I was sickened by the amount I played and time and energy put into the game. So I put it down immersed myself in school and family and yet...and yet I never forgot about it or stopped thinking about The Secret World... now 8 months later I have returned and I feel this time I wont stop..."
,Recommended,215280,18166187,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,(OTG) Ordegar,"At this point I have only played through the first area (Kingsmouth).  I have to say that this is quite possibly the best mmo I have ever played.  I'm not exaggerating.  It's not perfect, but so many things are done right it's amazing.  The skill/ability system, the gear, the quest system, atmosphere, story, and don't even get me going on the voice acting; I'll just say it is by far the best of any game I've played, escpecially mmos.The combat is similar to GW2 or DDO, where it's action oriented with no auto-attack but you have a target; well, soft-target since it targets whatever is closest unless you lock the target.This game is so good I wish they would overhaul Anarchy Online and use the same quest, skill, and ability system; it would fit there perfectly, and they already ported it to the same game engine.  If wishes were dollars I'd be a billionaire."
,Recommended,215280,26798519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wheezal,"This game is so vastly different than when it first came out.  Yes, the engine is old and clunky, but get past that and you have a top quality MMO with superb voice acting, and incredible storyline, and brilliant open-ended character customization.If you're tired of the rehashes of WoW or EQ, looking for a new genre that can cater to multiple playing styles, don't pass up this gem."
76561198095221341,Recommended,215280,14459355,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,pandabear277,"No fall damage, 100/100!  No but seriously, This game is amazing. It's really unlike any MMORPG I've ever played. It is the nicest most newbie friendly (Depending on the server you're in ) game I've ever played. I will continue to play this game.The people don't kill you unless you're in that kind of server, you can play the game with your friends or random people and still have a lot of fun. I've never heard of a MMORPG with nice players, but I guess they're is a first for everything. Saying I recommend this game doesn't do it justice, You need to stop reading this review, and buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game NOW! WHY ARE YOU STILL READING THIS, BUY IT NOW! YOU BUY NOW!"
76561198116697370,Recommended,215280,17948881,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,gamingforfun,"There is nothing like The Secret World. In a MMO marketplace dominated by fantasy and ""space"" titles, TSW has attempted to do something unusual and has succeeded. The developer, Funcom, has a history of releasing cerebral, out-of-the-box titles and TSW continues this development strategy. While not tied to a single famous IP like Funcom's Age of Conan MMO, TSW reaches into many lesser known or less celebrated genres such as spy (James Bond), explorer (Indiana Jones), and horror and also the works of H.P. Lovecraft, Stephen King, and John Carpenter as well as many conspiracy and secret society tropes found in movies and fiction.The updates to the game are released as Issues (complete with comic book cover art) and the hundreds of game missions are connected as part of a vast, interwoven story which unfolds as the game is played. Fully voiced and animated cut scenes for main missions add to the feel of a film or television series with recurring characters. All of the conventional MMO features are here too with a crafting system, PvP, pets, mounts, raids, and guilds (Cabals) but unlike anything found elsewhere in multiplayer online games. For a new experience intended for an adult audience, play The Secret World."
76561198053736029,Recommended,215280,5663599,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,dynoman6,"Good fun MMO, like the fact that one character can spec for any and all roles, Tank/DPS/Healer and can come up with a very wide range of different ways to achieve the same thing.  Not so keen on the fact that it needs specialised roles but havent tried a dungeon yet so don't know how serious that is."
,Recommended,215280,7833247,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Freakon,"So, I'm all about MMOs now... apparently they are my favourite thing ever and all I do is play them... But again, I really like the Secret World, it a nice modern take on the genre which by all accounts had previous been fantasy based eras - WoW, Rift (Which is on here too) So this is set in modern day but with like vampires and zombies and witches and monsters and everything fantasy related... em..."
76561197983554406,Recommended,215280,8746824,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Bantha,I love this MMO for the single point that their quests make you actually think. Some are button mashers but a good majority of them require you to do actual research in game and stray WAY away from the norm.
,Recommended,215280,6183538,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,brutusthebarbar,"One of the best MMOs I've ever played! Awesome story, atmosphere and graphics ;)"
76561198062555896,Recommended,215280,6269285,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,ARKREND,Pretty awesome game and great f2p model for sure! =D
,Recommended,215280,7793035,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jaydeeswa,"I love it!This game has a unique secret society theme that is unlike anything I've ever played before, and the abilities you can acquire are endless. It is a great RPG, and I love playing with friends!"
,Recommended,215280,4650460,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Hydra,"(Review made after around 150 hrs in the game ; played as an tank/offensive-tank character)Good story : check, refreshing setting : check, good writting : check, intresting mechanics if you like traditionals MMORPGs : check, customization and flexibility for your character and its build : check, awesome dungeons/raids/instances : check, intresting and varied quests (investigation and infiltration missions !) : check, good community : check, intresting PVP : check, quite cheap, you pay once any play whenever you want without any montly fees : check.So what's the bottom line ? The interface is viable but sometimes cluncky, the annimation quality isn't fantastic and the combat pacing is sometimes quite slow, its also not so well optimized. The PVP despite having potentials however falls a bit flat for now. Belonging to a faction dosen't change much besides certain aspects of the storyline, it just divides players and exists for pvp purposes.If you ever liked MMOs but wanted something different, more mature and refreshing : this is the game. If you're not into MMORPGs because you don't like thier gameplays  do not expect this game to actually change anything, though the ""grinding"" aspect is lessened by the variety of the quests and the storyline and the fact you can experiment builds as you constantly unlock new skills and weapons. This is the a game where you'll end up beign able to do everything, given you take the time to unlock skills and find suited items. At some point it even becomes mandatory as difficutly climbs higher to have multiple working builds to switch from a role to another depending on the situationA final note : this game actually challenges you, there are investigation quests that requires you to realy think and search over the internet  (prepare to be mind♥♥♥♥ed), the combat can be also very challenging (prepare to die... often) and the dungeons requires a good teamwork and learning the tricks without beign stupidly hard, and ends up beign very satisfying. The community is also much more civil and nicer than on other games in that genre. This is my prefered MMORPG so far."
,Recommended,215280,5304722,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,V4ND4L,"This is a groovy-cool, eerie MMO that breaks a lot of rules that MMO's have picked up along the years. First, there is no leveling. That's right. You gain experience and apply experience benchmarks towards skills and abilities. Your one character can conceivably learn how to do everything in the game. There is no cap on your advancement. This is a really cool aspect to the game. They balance this seemingly amazing gift with the fact that you can only ever have 7 active abilities and 7 passive ones. Many of these play off each other too, so it behooves one to play their character with a concept. The lore of the game is ripe with themes from H.P. Lovecraft also, so if this sort of horror appeals to you, then TSW is a real treat. Armor is gone, replaced by an assortment of magical treatments that provide you with the real armor against all of the unholy and undead things in the game. I would definitely recommend a visit to The Secret World if you haven't already. Its fun, it's a treat, it's really really different."
,Recommended,215280,6927413,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Somah,one of the best MMORPGs currently in the market til we get archeage.
76561198042346999,Recommended,215280,7494088,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Ninjabredman,"Great graphics, deep and intruiging Lore and Story, for the price well worth it, community is strong too. The combat system is deep and varied, it is challenging enough to keep you going and the story all voice acted. More than anything the world really pulls you in and makes you forget you are playing a game."
,Recommended,215280,7786004,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kettu,"The Secret World is probably one of the best MMO's at the moment. The graphics are good and if your graphics card is good enough, you can even get tesselation into the game which makes the game look pretty awesome. The game is also optimized pretty badly, it runs mostly in quite good fps but there are some places which makes your fps spike pretty low, especially if you use the tesselation.What makes this MMO stand out from every other MMO's currently available is that the ""class system"" is unique and works pretty well, because you can make your own ""class"". What would be cooler than playing with a group where one player uses firearms, one magic abilities and another a mixture of melee and magic? The class system is so cool that you can even mix two different types of abilities into one. There isn't any levels in the game, complete quests and kill enemies to gain ability points which are used to unlock more abilities for you to use.Also, the game takes place in present time. The enemies are mostly created from different urban legends which makes them quite interesting and unique from other MMO's. The storyline kind of mixes things with real life, urban legends and myths which makes it really interesting and different. One of the things I like the most with the quests are the research missions, which tells you what you need to find out, then you use the in-game browser and find out the answers yourself to continue the mission. Sometimes it is too hard to find out the answers yourself though, so you need to find a mission walkthrough to get past one obstacle, but they are pretty fun and sometimes they make you involved deeper into the story.Although, the early stages of the game is pretty easy with a group, I recommend playing this with a few friends. The game gets tougher when continuing towards the end, and once you progress long enough you can't solo the quests anymore. One of the biggest reasons why you should play with a group, and it is more fun than playing alone.If you want a good MMO, which is different from other MMO's at the moment, you want this one. So what are you still waiting for? Buy it, play it, treasure it. Whatever, just stop reading this and go join the war!"
,Recommended,215280,7884975,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Arcaenis,"Its fun, no limits to a class, its just choosing your favourite tool and slay stuff."
,Recommended,215280,8742961,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,NateinMpls,"This game is awesome!  I've played a few MMOs over the years and this one is by far the most fun.  There are a variety of mission types:  collection, research, escort, etc.  The difference is in this game some of them really make you think!  In some cases you have to go on the web to find answers and I admit I've been stumped and looked at a walkthrough a few times.  I was daunted by the number of forum posts dedicated to ""the perfect build"" but they aren't needed.  You can get the skills you want and eventually you can unlock all of them, there are over 500!  I started playing with elemental magic and a pistol and then I started reading about builds and I was really overwhelmed.  I decided to start a new character only to find out that it really doesn't matter what your build is during the first few parts of the game.  I didn't need to restart after all, however doing the missions a second time was still a blast!  Point is, don't bother looking at perfect builds.  Later in the game you have to put more thought into your build and there are 9 weapon options:  blades, fists (claws), hammers, pistols, shotguns, assault rifles, chaos magic, elemental magic, and blood magic.  What I learned is just pick two you like, you don't have to worry too much about weapon synergy right away, just have fun.  Go ahead and read the build forums and then rip out your hair in frustration as you figure out exactly what you want, don't say I didn't warn you.  There is tons of content.  There's a main storyline and hundreds of missions spread out across different areas.  Buy the game, you probably won't regret it.  BTW you should pick up the Massive Edition for some pretty decent starting weapons and 3 more ""issues"" of content."
,Recommended,215280,8745124,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Alpha_Sprite,I would recommend it... if you drag your friends on with you.
76561198075253197,Recommended,215280,8746456,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Arieswar,"one of the best games Ive ever played, even doh i dont like the fact that you get a cinematic sequence first when u accept a quest and then you lend in and nothing happens this game never gets dull, i come back every now and then to just play it and the community is awsome, i can highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,215280,7855501,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zed,"Loving it!There are a few issues that detract from The Secret World but, so far, it's the best MMO I have played in a long time.  With an intriguing story line and a fairly unique combat system, I've struggled to put it down."
,Recommended,215280,8756101,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Big Mike,"Probably one of the most interesting single player games that I've played so far.But seriously, if d20 Call of Cthulhu (with a non-sadistic DM, of course) was an MMO, this would be it. Considering that it's only $30 when not on sale and that you can easily get over a hundred *fun* hours off of it (which, sadly, my steam profile doesn't reflect since I originally played before I realized that TSW was on steam) and that on sale it could even go down to $5, I can't recommend it more.Long story short:-Kinda bad combat system that takes some getting used to-Cutscenes before a lot of quests (when the quest giver is human, of course)-Long story quest that gives you an actual reason to go to the different zones (unlike a certain game made by blizzard)-Non level-based experience system (you still gain experience, but you get a certain number of ability points or skill points after a set amount of experience that never increases; you get to choose where the points go, rather than being what the game wants you to be. Sandbox elements too good.)-HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥THE INVESTIGATION MISSION. THE ♥♥♥♥ING IMMERSION IS STUPIDLY GOOD.-Press b to bring up a functional internet brower in-game (which is used for a lot of quests)-The amount of effort put in by the devs is too damn high(http://www.kingsmouth.com/= the website for the first town you go to. There are twitter accounts for important characters, and other websites for important companies)-Immersion immersion immersion-Stuff-Things-If its on sale, buy it-etcYes, I recommend this. It might not have taken 5000+ hours out of my life like Maplestory or WoW, but I'll be damned if TSW isn't a good $30 game. Also, no subscription needed."
,Recommended,215280,24868860,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,aztec_knight,deep engaging and beautifully terrifying
,Recommended,215280,11064273,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,UNATCOdx,This game is great. you should buy it now. seriously quit reading this and buy it. BUY IT.
76561198079258862,Recommended,215280,13463798,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Schlomo Goldbergstien,"steam says 1662 hours spend but it is actualy triple that since i no longer use steam to play it.best mmo out there.quests are great fun. the dungeons are the best i have seen in an mmo *perfect difficulty, great lore, not to short/long. and offer lots of replayability when you get to nm level you can pretty much make any builds and stat combination you can think of to be the best dps/heal/tank out there.end game players are helpfull and there is little to no elitism.game may seem quite at first but if you join #sanctuary #event and #pvp your chat box will never be empty.pvp while unbalanced at times is rediculously fun just make sure you have some hear first or you will get destroyed as players tend to be endgame level. (this is my fav part of tsw)cabals are very nooblet freindy and if you are new dont be afriad to ask in generel agartha (hub) to join one as there are always recruiting to help you get to endgame and it will be much easier to participate in lairs, elites, nms and even pvp!the zones are very diverse and fun to expore made up of almost entierly unique textures  and picking your own faction is super fun.it is quite performance heavy so make sure you have a somewhat decent computer to play or you will have bad fps most likely.since i love this game so much i will give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,215280,20884324,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Zevaa,"I do really enjoying this game, I'm not a real big fan of mmo's over time I just end up stop playing most mmo's I've played over the last two years.  But I keep finding myself always enjoying this MMO, I really Enjoy the Dark part of the game.When I go around the world it just feels great to me. IT's almost like a single player game to me in a way. When I do quests I really enjoy the cutseenes About the game make this game feel more alive the most mmo's I've Played. I really Recommed this game if people Enjoy a great story line and a darker feel for a mmo, This will be you're game then."
76561198055663093,Recommended,215280,14976505,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Gath,"This game is not for everyone, thanks god. Evil is beauty. Progress is hard. You need to think about everything, lots of easters, achievments, you can create hero with abilities you chose from, only thing that stops you from playing secret world is issues from the real one. Greatest mmo i played so far... why? I  created illuminati chick with bad♥♥♥♥♥spells which is actually work in action. Well... you can buy and smoke cigars, drink, emotes, ♥♥♥♥ing hell... and that dark ironic atmosphere is driving me happy, so ♥♥♥♥ing happy. You still dont own this story breaking and amazing MMO? Go play metin, wow, and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t... you will  never be illuminati xD"
,Recommended,215280,21641619,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,~JinxiKuro~,"I have only put in about 10 hours so far but I am enjoying it. The graphics are of good quality, So far there seems to be a decent amount of missions. I love that there are no classes and you can just build and build your character. The story line for this game is quite solid as well. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,215280,20505140,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Mattaus,"Since it wouldnt post my review on the ultimate edition page saying i had 0 Minutes play time when i have more than that ill post it on the official secret world one.Definately worth the current price only cost me £15.19  for the ultimate edition and you pretty much get everything but the 2 newest Issues, also with the added AP Boosts and such well worth the price.Sale ends in 2 days tho so i would reccomend if you have been thinking about it grab it, had no issues applying the Ultimate Edition Key on my account.I even got emailed by Funcom not long after applying my keys to my account, they had sent me a key for a (Bonus base game) which i guess you can give to a friend to play with you."
,Recommended,215280,16432905,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Adam Chalmers,"This has the most interesting world and story of any MMO I've ever played. With a really cool, fun combat and levelling system too. No grinding."
76561198026669418,Recommended,215280,20500629,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Kat,"This is the first MMO I've played, and I must say it's been quite a treat. The base game includes plenty of content, but I would strongly suggest the Ultimate Edition. At first, I was wondering what I was getting into it. The gameplay seemed overwhelming without much of a tutorial. However, after digging around for info to get a grasp of the game, I began to realize how great of a game it was.The story is immersive and the quests are excellent. I especially love the investigation quests; these quests will have you googling and cross-referencing the most obscure information, which may rack your brain, but anyone who loves reading up on random facts and history or once dreamed of being Sherlock Holmes will surely love these quests. And of course, I have to recommend a game that has me using a pen and tons of scratch paper.And of course the combat. Not being much of a combat-game person, I do enjoy it in this game. I was in-experienced in deck-building (still am), hence how it may be overwhelming to a newbie MMO player at first.In terms of community, you're not going to see hundreds of people running around and the amount of general chat in most areas will be pretty minimal. But there are ways to find groups to join. Most people tend to be playing solo unless they're playing in dungeons or PVP.Only con I have is the occasional crash, otherwise 10/10."
,Recommended,215280,13675862,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boner,SECRETS AWAIT IN THIS MMO DEVELOPEDBYThe Cable News Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. The 24-hour cable news channel was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner. WikipediaThe Cable News Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. The 24-hour cable news channel was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner. Wikipedia END mewikipedion
,Recommended,215280,18734324,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,max,"Unpolished and buggy, clunky, mediocre combat. Very hit or miss in every regard but story, as the story and world in The Secret World is on par with most good single player RPG's. Very cautious recommendation."
76561198035698578,Recommended,215280,19773848,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Arian Salos,"I honestly am not sure what to write about. I mean, there's a lot that I can write about, but would take quite a bit of time to flesh out. There's a lot of content to this game, and I mean A LOT.The missions have so far almost never been just a purely, ""Go here, kill X amount of this enemy and then come back for your reward."" (You can actually just ""send in a report"" when you're finished instead of returning altogether.) There are missions that have unique requirements to them such as learning the lengths of two songs IRL to find the coordinates for a buried treasure side-mission, figuring out the password of a doctor's computer by using the hints provided, and figuring out the keycode by learning which song the pastor of a church was going to play first on Sunday.The combat gameplay is pretty decent as well. It feels a little stiff in some things you do, but it is overall a good experience. Enemies are also capable of being unique as well in what they do. They can be very unforgiving if you don't figure out your♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can actually die in the tutorial level easily if you don't get your head out of your♥♥♥♥♥Classes are... class-less. There's no real defined class or set, besides how you decide to build your character. ""Wanna be a glass assassin? Alright! Wanna be a glass healer? Okay! Wanna be a tank assassin? Fine! Tank healer? Healing Tank? Tank Tank? Glass glass? Vampire(Metaphorically speaking)? Sniper? Ninja? Errr.... Vegetable? Cake? Umm... A pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Your choice!Abilities work as you need to have the weapon equipped to use that the ability is used by, but you can use every ability and weapon in the game. However, you can only pick 7 active abilities and 2 equipped weapons at a time, but can also change them out whenever you like. You also get to use the passive abilities from the weapons WITHOUT needing to equip the weapon associated with it which you can also switch out whenever you like. You're able to save your ""class"" sets and switch between those so you can make a role switch on the fly.There's 9 weapon types total. Pistols (dual wield), Assault Rifles, Shotguns for the guns. Hammer, Sword, and Fist Weapons for the melee. Blood, Chaos, and Elementalism magic. They all have their own unique abilities and attacks and passives. You can use 2 of any kind whenever you wish in whatever combination. They have their own focuses, as being a DPS, Heal, or Tank focus. You get to pick 2 starter weapons, but you can try out each weapon when you're going through the runthrough with your character.Character Customization is... enough. There's enough there to make your own unique character(s), but then again, there's still more that you want and need to make YOUR OWN character. Enough, but still needs more to make you feel satisfied unless you can get what you're looking for with what there is.Areas are very expansive and full of content. I'm actually still stuck in the first map. I've been able to put about 20 hours into just the first map so far.PvP is actually very balanced. I have been able to deal enough damage to just about nearly kill veterans in the PvP wars with only my starting abilities. (PvP Wars places you on an even playing field in terms of stats, not items or abilities.) PvP war is the only PvP I've played so far, but you can be as weak as a first-timer when you're a veteran since there are not ""Levels"" and ""Classes"".This review will run on even longer if I continue, I will stop here and allow you to make the decision of whether or not you want to make the plunge to buy this game! They also allow TSW buyers to send people 72 Hour keys to play the game for free to see whether you'll like it for yourself! If you know someone with TSW already, ask them to send you a key!My honest opinion: 85/100 (so far)."
,Recommended,215280,8748794,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Yuki Kimuzukashii Hyou,"It's an amazing game, the investigation missions are unique and very fun to play. However, the client is 40Gb for no real good reason - the only thing stopping me from keeping it installed and playing it more often. If HDD space is of no concern, I would highly recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,215280,27313469,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,makromate,"I own the Massive Edition and bought all episodes...all my progress and nearly all my items are gone now...the ""new"" game is a real joke..the new combat system is total crap...RIP SW."
,Recommended,215280,20623167,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,AKPSoMmErS,"Really enjoyable MMORPG like most games takes some time (few hours) to get used to the mechanics, etc.. Game really makes you think and work to solve some of the complex quests given, if all else fails = Google!"
76561198098510955,Recommended,215280,20816428,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Nautic,"I am very noob this game, I still don't know tons of thing. However I wanted to write review. This game has a facinating story and questline. Skill system is unique. Just play it."
,Recommended,215280,20626146,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,TDice,"I love this game, it is one of my favorite games ever! i just wished more poeple played it!!!Edit: I did play this game During the Closed and Open Beta. It hasn't changed that much other than the Updated content and Items.Edit again, This was for Secret World not Legends..."
,Recommended,215280,13321801,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ヽ༼ಢ_ಢ༽ﾉ☂,"Probably the worst combat in any MMO to not collapse and die immediately but the puzzles and writing almost make up for it - you'll give up when one of the several shocking jumps in difficulty occur, but the game is typically available cheap enough that you'll get your money's worth"
76561198023674609,Recommended,215280,30529508,Posted: 15 March,all,The_Stryking_Warlock,"I have played this game on and off for a while now, can honestly say it is well worth it for the price I got for it on sale.Pros:+ Story is immersive.+ looks pretty good, even at the lowest settings+ isn't terribly optimized. As of writing, I am currently playing on a dell Laptop/tablet, which is thin as hell and does not have beefiest of integrated graphics. It runs at 40 FPS despite this+ Absolutely oozing atmosphere. This is combined with all of the fully voiced cutscenes for almost everything. It must be staggering how many hours of dialog have been recorded for this.+ Scratches that (murder) mystery itch*+ can be played alone or with friends. Soloing is perfectly viable, but it gets lonely in the middle of abomination torn hellscapes.+ The playerbase alive is for the most part. There will be someone to raid with most of the time. (Better with friends though)+ Sound design is superb.Cons:- Combat system is awful tedious, even with optimized builds. It uses a building system, with basic attacks setting up for stronger attacks for the cost of a resource. This is also combined with the idiocy that somehow an M4 isn't tearing through a bunch of waterlogged zombies, or a Spas-12 isn't turning a scarcrow into straw. Nothing has any impact. (This could be subject to change because I heard through the grapevine that combat is getting a few changes at the end of March 2017, so this could be moot around then)- Be prepared to go through a ton of older missions to level up, because leveling is an absolute b!tch in this game. I have had to retread a ton of old quests that I already finished for some exp boosts, because the next part of the story would absolutly thrash my @$$.- *The leaps in logic you will have to make for investigation quests will require you to visit a walkthrough routinely, unless you're Sherlock frickin Holmes or an absolute madman. Like seriously, I am not some great intellect but I can say with some confidence that I am not a massive idiot, and the reach I would need to get most of this is absurd, like a BROKEN CLOCK ON THE WALL SOMEHOW REFERNCING A BIBLE VERSE TO LEAD TO A CLUE. If I have to play this game without a walkthrough, I am pretty sure I would be an absolute lunatic by the end of the first story arc.- Takes up a lot of space, file is hueg."
,Recommended,215280,21052475,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Repartees,"Most immersive MMO I've ever played, there is so much detail everywhere and all of it is important. Most games when I'm moving around my eyes are glued to the minimap but in this game I actually look around me.The quests are phenomenal and actually intellectually difficult and the writing is superb.The combat system isn't very intuitive and requires a lot of work to master but that's fine imo"
76561198174133773,Recommended,215280,22250735,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,ZN,best mmorpg in the world
76561198015273882,Recommended,215280,22845948,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,LegionLost,One of the best MMO if not the best!
,Recommended,215280,28952016,Posted: 2 January,all,Chihaya,"I first experienced The Secret World at PAX 2012 when they had a small demo available to play.  While there I got some Illuminati dog tags and a free code to try out the beta when it became available.  Well, I did the beta and fell in love with the game.  The combat system can be challenging as it gives the player free reign, you can use whatever weapons and skills you want, you can tank, heal tank, dps, heal, or heal by causing damage (leech heal).  The storyline is the best of any game I have ever played.  If you love story driven games, this is the game for you!  The incorporate lore and stories from all over the world, the in-game lore items are an amazing read and gives you some insight into the NPCs you encounter.  Overall, its a great game, optimization is the only downside to this game as running DX11 can cause random crashes and frame drops.  On DX 9 it's still graphically good, but fps can still be an issue."
76561198031699714,Recommended,215280,21773586,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Irell of the Stars,"For what it's worth, the base game of Secret World is fun and very immersive. It's also great fun to co-op. However, the end game content is lacking. There's not much point in having alts since you can easily respect your character. Plus, the ""missions"" for each faction can be are terribly frustrating so once you get through you'll be hard pressed to ever want to do them again. Dungeon running is fun but it takes a lot of time and practice to get the hand of it and with each new issue (what... I already paid and now I have to pay again!?) you'll find yourself further and further behind."
,Recommended,215280,22307372,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,mfasp,"Despite it's age, this game has some amazing voice acting, Is very solo friendly, and a large amount of Lore pulled from the real world to mess around with. Grinding can be a bit dull at points but I find it easy to ignore as they're far apart. Finally the 30 dollar entry fee can feel a bit steep this far out from relese, especially since there are DLC that cost around $25 a piece. There's a membership option, but that isn't so cheap either. I may be griping over nothing but I feel with these particular transactions that I'm dealing with a freemium without the free entry."
76561197970583855,Recommended,215280,20966516,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Jilel,"As a bit of an older player, The Secret World is exactly what I am looking for. Interesting stories? Tick! A bit of horror, a bit of humour? Tick! Challenging quests? Tick! Multiplayer content so I can play with friends? Tick!I love this game and am having a blast. My only concern is that the first couple of hours didnt really do it justice and it wasnt until I got into the first quest zone (Kingsmouth) that it really started to shine. If you are sick of grind and want something thats actually interesting, mature and challenging then this is a great MMO."
,Recommended,215280,28967070,Posted: 2 January,all,Kidvixen,"Played too many MMO's within a long time, but this one is clearly different. I assume you will never find a game like this. You have to try and do not hesitate."
76561198038963412,Recommended,215280,11332084,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,C0untzer0,"10/10I'm usually not a fan of MMORPGsIt's hard to find one worth playing with a good crowd of decent folks.This game is an MMO with a surprisingly low number of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.It's also an awesome game in and of itself, with plenty to keep you busy.The RPG aspect revolves around all the campfire stories being true. Cthulhu waits beneath the ocean, vampires roam Transylvania, the Mummy will rise, and an abandoned theme park will be full of rides come alive and deadly zombies. You can play solo through most of the game, or you can join a group. Otherwise you can wander round helping out other players at random. That's right, people can rely on the kindness of strangers. Folks are right neighbourly around these parts. The mechanics set this up because there's nothing to lose by buffing or healing a random and no attacking PCs outside the PvP areas (which give you strong warnings and a countdown before you become a target, there are no accidental fights.)"
,Recommended,215280,31901821,Posted: 22 May,all,Battle Tutorial,"Lots of fun, lots of interactivity, could use some kind of better ui with finding people to join up with but apart from that,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of fun!"
76561198061542924,Recommended,215280,7775661,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ArcaneCrumb,"The Secret World is an amazing game.  The game puts a new spin on the mmorpg genre while still keeping with familiar gameplay mechanics.  This game does not hold your hand, in fact it barely helps you at all, and I love it.  There are no levels, instead you gain skills through experience that are weapon based, and you can use as many weapons as you want, switching entire gear sets on the fly, changing up your gear, as well as your active and passive skill sets.  The setting is very dark, with a ton of different monsters to slay and the tiered questing system is also very cool.  The devs are still involved and very active, the community is actually really great, and the game caters to solo and group play, so whatever your style you can find your niche in The Secret World.  If you enjoy mmo's or rpg's this game is for you."
,Recommended,215280,2583608,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,zreese,"If you ignore the click-click-click combat, the strangers spouting specialized acronyms, the clutter of semi-opaque inventory windows... you will find puzzles. Glorious puzzles. And when I say puzzles, I mean it in the true sense of the word: these are enigmas designed to test your ingenuity. You will need to pay attention, write things down, reasearch, translate, sketch, stretch, shower, stew, contemplate, contemplate, contemplate, and even then you might not be able to put everything together. But when you do, oh! Such a sense of accomplishment. I have never experienced a game as stimulating and rewarding as this."
,Recommended,215280,7948111,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Jarocket,"Great story line, amazing character developement and detail, no set classes like most MMO's(you make your own build).Updated end-game content now on a regular basis!Game is now pay once play forever so i would recommend checking it out if your looking for a great MMO."
,Recommended,215280,8745546,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"This game is huge, and surprised me with the amount of zombie killing straight away, wasn't expecting this actually, so yeah, big story w/a big game, lots of fun! 8/10(f.y.i.= big download)"
76561197991598380,Recommended,215280,12821715,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,GamerGawd,Best Damn game Ive played in 20 years!
76561197987279518,Recommended,215280,33310505,Posted: 6 July,all,Irkm Desmet,I really like this one. I played the original but the combat was just too slow. I never got out off the first zone besides liking the game very much.With the new release you can get to the story faster. Perhaps it's more casual now. But i see this as a good thing.
76561198085285772,Recommended,215280,29364780,Posted: 19 January,all,SMERSH,Best sigle player MMO ever!
,Recommended,215280,3367759,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,Blackloch°,"I read few negatives comments about this game and was bit skeptical about it. So far I've been surprised positively and I think it was well worth the 29EUR price.It's not the basic MMORPG with tons of quickbars filled with skills - you can only have 7 active and 7 passive skill memorised at time, but you can still learn everything and adjust your build from the fly to go well with your party members. Someone compared it like having every soul tree open in Rift, but only 14 skills at a time.Game world is beautiful, just like in Age of Conan. (Funcom knows how to do nice eye candy) I'm liking the story telling and videos, not just walls of text tossed to your screen. Quests and puzzles are actually fun, very different compared to the regular ""kill 40 creeps"", though there IS lots of killing to be done. :)Guns, swords and spells in modern time - a nice change from the ever so boring fantasy theme!"
,Recommended,215280,25667999,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,NINTENDO,love it
,Recommended,215280,26074746,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Orkkoc,Very good MMORPG with a good story and deep mythology. I like to explore its stories.If you like deep stories and good narrating through quests definetly try The Secret World.
,Recommended,215280,33225675,Posted: 4 July,all,Matt,this game going f2p was a godsend
76561198117420652,Recommended,215280,29954143,Posted: 15 February,all,Le merveilleux Dr.Ganouche,this is a very unique MMORPG very mature ! a welcoming community. so much to do and u have not to worry about leveling because u can do what ever u want whenever u want. u just get stronger and stronger.its even mentally challenging ! for smart guys like YOU! juste do the investigation missions your brain will never survive.some of us cheat and look for the solution on the web like me!but guys there is so much to do ! just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game and join the TEMPLARS !
,Recommended,215280,26273385,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Liber8,"This game is easily one of the best MMORPGs on the market for PVE content. The story, gameplay and mechanics are all well-developed and complete, and each issue has largely provided great expansions to each of these. Make sure to buy around Halloween, the time of year with the biggest discount and most complete offering."
,Recommended,215280,21989456,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Flower for Demeter,"It's alright, I guess. Better than a lot of MMO's at least."
76561198035951484,Recommended,215280,23936555,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[MeaN]she_flame,"I like the game quite much. Mechanics are familiar and simple, but not boring. Story itself seems really interesting, and I cannot wait to get doing intances and PVP."
76561198058492655,Recommended,215280,21768535,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Drace Sinnova,I like tacos 8/10
76561198020821536,Recommended,215280,12443206,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,gatohaus,"Truely creative gameplay.   Kinda strange, kinda weird..   and yeah, has it's problems...   but worth checking out."
76561198093931397,Recommended,215280,18594729,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,missXvamp,"Im glad i decided to keep this game, as when i first bought it i was unable to play due to my old laptop not being very good. Its still not perfect and can lag a bit but its playable. I am really enjoying playing. It does take a while to get used to. I am only just getting used to it now and finding it easier. I still have no idea how to do some things. But in time ill learn. The graphics are very good and i love the gameplay and the missions etc. I cant wait to carry on playing to see what else i can discover about this game. Well worth buying when on sale."
,Recommended,215280,8073850,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,-- ßooм ღ,Amazing.
,Recommended,215280,10809824,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mkilbride,Just incase you were wondering...this MMORPG Is amazing.
76561198028540713,Recommended,215280,33957458,Posted: 1 August,all,jamemit02,"Tl;Dr the main game and storyline is great to playthrough especially if you bounced if the original Tsw. The end game grind, not so much.I tried to play and tried to enjoy the original The Secret World, I really did. But despite the intriguing story, I just kept bouncing off the clunky combat and daunting leveling system (or lack thereof)The Secret World Legends however is currently my new addiction. Everything has been streamlined from the story flow to the more straightforward levelling and while I can see why if your a hardcore mmo player may wrangle at this, for someone with limited time and patience the game is great, allowing me short casual burst of playtime and still feel like I'm seeing some progression.A caveat though; whilst the above is  very much true for your time playing through the storyline missions and dungeons, the same cannot be said of the endgame. At this point, with 50 levels under your belt, the game slows right down into a grind festival of Incremental gear leveling, with a system which feels way too slow for what actual gains you achieve. It can also make you feel locked into a singular play build, making it tricky and time consuming to respec. If you want more details of that I encourage you to check the official wiki and the reddit which can explain more succiently than myself."
76561198075759077,Recommended,215280,33950090,Posted: 1 August,all,Danyoja,I recommend the game (Secret World Legends) to anyone who hasn't played the original secret world and just wants to play for the story. As I find any issues with the game can be remedied by FunCom as they have been good at listening to commmunity feedback and making correct changes with every patch. Also as a non Patron you must stick to using two weapons (namely your starters choices which is kind of a draw back). SO play for the story if you're f2p it's still worth it.
76561198009374045,Not Recommended,215280,33996422,Posted: 3 August,all,The cool PS4 controller,"eh, played the origonal, and i really don't like this rerelease, not only do we have to start over from scratch but your forced to pick a ""class"" when creating a character, essentially locking you in to your weapons before you get to try them out due to the skill point system, now due to playing origonal secret world before hand i did manage to redeam some points after asking support about it, allowing me to unlock the basic skills for every weapon, however this is still a terrible system because it doesn't let you experiment before you commit like the origonal game and turned me off from playing for several weeks. next off is the combat, which is a lot more fiddly due to them not providing any way to use a mouse curser for combat and targeting, instead your locked into an ""action mode"" essentially meaning you have to use a third person shooter type aiming system with an MMORPG combat system, and there's no way to change it apart from making it over the shoulder,to be honest it's like they changed the game to fit in with what's popular without listening to feedback or thinking about the pro's and cons of the popular systems before implementing them :S if they can fix these later then i'll probobly change my review but until then i'm afraid its a no from me"
,Not Recommended,215280,34144244,Posted: 10 August,all,Oatz,"When any expensive game becomes magically F2P, everyone who had orignally bought it will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ especally in this case were esentially all our money was burned and now we have nothing to show of it except for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
,Not Recommended,215280,34354486,Posted: 19 August,all,Garzak,"Don't waste your time on that piece of garbage, can't even get past the character creation without a crash, on a perfectly healthy machine and very common rig."
,Not Recommended,215280,34359629,Posted: 19 August,all,Matodactyl,everything takes to long to do. time is money.
76561198000691328,Not Recommended,215280,21628750,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,aspengalbanum,"The story is something I'd like to see. I wish there were more MMOs with a horror theme and a real-world setting.But this is one I cannot enjoy. There's a lot of 'stealth' and timing elements that are very hard, impossible for me. There's a lot of frustration looking for well-hidden and hard to find objects. Every mission is repeatable and I find myself doing the same ones over and over instead of finding new ones. It gets boring.Combat is weak compared to other MMO games and the character development system gives the illusion of free will but really traps you into buying a set of skills with synergies or else having a terribly innefective character.It's hard to get a group together and the world looks vacant with very few other players.I'm disappointed in my purchase and will be going back to LotRO. That being said, I'm sure there' an audience for this game. Just be aware that it's got a very high element of a scavenger hunt. It's complicated, rather than complex, and a lot of times it's east to be totally lost as to where to go or what to do next."
76561198089933978,Not Recommended,215280,35005116,Posted: 16 September,all,Plutie,no just no
76561198094839896,Not Recommended,215280,33956297,Posted: 1 August,all,Chief Hawk,The Secret World was a good game.now with this secret world legends it´s like playing a version that is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is not worth time.i wish the devs good luck with the ''new'' game they made. as it is right now i will not say that you should try it
,Not Recommended,215280,34627112,Posted: 30 August,all,F051,I didn't asked for this.
76561198034464095,Not Recommended,215280,34182275,Posted: 11 August,all,{F[K]C} Primal,Laughable. Game is a cash grab now..
76561198057139618,Not Recommended,215280,32707208,Posted: 23 June,all,NOISEf,The new fighting system is horrible....for the change yes visual is better some thing is changed like the tutorial but the figthing is way off it is not godd
76561198036775174,Recommended,215280,13857595,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Doctor Cupcake,"This game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me so hard, I am now pregnant with Cthulu's babies."
76561197976076573,Not Recommended,215280,32978998,Posted: 29 June,all,Antt1,The implementation of the new F2P model is atrocious.
,Not Recommended,215280,34022922,Posted: 4 August,all,ComradeWinston,"I put a good amount of time into Secret World, a while before this Legends relaunch nonsense. My characters have been purged and the game lags like I've never seen before. It's as if the people behind this game wanted to destroy whatever community it did have."
76561197999530914,Not Recommended,215280,33064818,Posted: 30 June,all,Vik,"Do NOT believe the overall ""Very Positive"" rating for this game. They are for the old version of the game (""The Secret World"").Funcom totally changed the game with the new version called ""Secret World Legends"" and introduced incredibly annoying pay-to-win game barriers and removed a lot of the freedom and fun from the game.Not recommended."
,Recommended,215280,33951454,Posted: 1 August,all,Lexi,"Story shines through, the environmental story telling too. Worth playing for the first zone alone, and now you can for free. Outside of the story everything else is fine. Combats fine. Dungeons are fine. Graphics are fine. You won't be blown away at first but Kingsmoth will have you hooked hard.Edit: Don't get me wrong, the games worse off than it was. But if you're a new player, you wouldn't know what you were missing out on anyway. Just don't look up what the old Secret World was like, it'll make you hate Legends."
,Not Recommended,215280,30897906,Posted: 2 April,all,Abdul Alhazred,"The Secret World was a MMORPG with a great setting. It ran and developed for years because of its dedicated fanbase.Now Funcom decided to take a huge dump on these players. The content will get rerelesead as Borderlands clone while the actual game got sentenced to death.Way to go Funcom! Develop content with support from your loyal playerbase and just when your CFO or any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decides he needs more money, you take that content to a new game. To grab the money from other people who you didnt already milk.Cashgrab 101, I tip my hat.And: no, thank you. No salt needed, I got plenty of my own!"
,Recommended,215280,9016834,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Xytement,This Game is really fun the fact that anything and everything is in this game is erection worthy i advise getting this game
,Recommended,215280,7961122,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Leuosto,"The Secret World is great game but with some flaws. Repetitive quest lines and missions to do over again to just rank up a higher level to get past a ""bump"" in the story line. The area that you start out will last 20hrs or even more, putting skills up and leveling. And to end up going to a new world of the game of doing the same thing over again.(Would I recommend this game? Yes, if you can manage this through with out breaking though.)A fun MMORPG game with interesting combat features and story."
,Recommended,215280,7975873,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,=Chill Bill=,"A fantastic MMORPG! Has a minor learning curve to begin with, but once you get used to the combat/skills/abilities system (which is actually alot like WoW's) it is a game you can become quickly engrossed in, with more and more new content and updates being added all the time. And best of all it's free-to-play!!!!!"
,Recommended,215280,10210845,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Boo,Good mmo very weird but great story
,Recommended,215280,15285948,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sam Benner,/smile/smile/smile/smile/smile/smile/smile/smile/smile
76561198021593880,Recommended,215280,8900336,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Arconen Lictoratum,"A twisted game but the Best MMO ive ever played. its not the standart Hack and Slash MMO your used to, its a game were you need to think to find the answers."
,Recommended,215280,8874013,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tsukuyomi,Best Horror MMORPG EVER :D 5*
76561198011516138,Recommended,215280,8894875,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,InvaderLiam,"Very good game, revitalizing a player with WoW burnout in the MMO realm."
,Recommended,215280,8815694,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,alimuzaffarkhan,Surprisingly fun game to play although I hate the occassional GRIND in the game and the fact that NEARLY ALL the quests are repeating ones (it makes it hard to track which ones I have done). UI is a bit clumsy.But despite all the quirks meintioned above should be played atleast once.
76561197971590574,Recommended,215280,8821042,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MountainGoat,"This game is great.  The story and quest writing is excellent.  The puzzles actually require you to think.  I'm enjoying everything about this game.  It actually has some difficulty to the game, which I like.  Many MMO players may find this to be a turn-off since I constantly see people whining about difficulty in MMOs and almost all MMOs now hold the hands of all the cry babies out there.To address the biggest complaint I see people make about this game.  The combat is action bar based...  why is it such a big deal that the game isn't ""innovative"" in 1 aspect?  The most popular MMO in the world has action bar based combat, so obviously it doesn't make or break a game.  Plus, this game makes you think about how to level your character and equip abilities, unlike many other MMOs.  The number of combinations of active and passive abilities is huge and gives you so many possibilities."
76561198042848000,Recommended,215280,8843027,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,jsecora1,"If you like skill based leveling and intellectual challenges this game is for you.  I love the fact that you have to ""googLe"" information to solve puzzles in game."
,Recommended,215280,8861097,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,st0rp0teten,Absolutely phenomenal. Do NOT miss out on this one!
,Recommended,215280,8872725,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Lots Of Lotte,"Alrighty, The Secret World is handsdown the most enjoyable RPGMMO I have played, It's a gritty modern day Horror type, Which is great if you are after a break from the fantasy happy worlds most other RPGMMO's offer. The combat regardless of being hotkeyed is fluent and fun! Collectables? Well you've got tons of lore lying around for collection which also offers a deeper insight into the Backstory of anything the game has to offers Ranging from certain towns to mysterious fog. How many hours will I get out of this you ask. Well with the help from people who had already cleared and made notes on the first town, I managed to get through with 20+ Hours Just doing the starting quests. The second town offers a massive amount of new enemies Including Succubi, I mean what's not to love. In short, BUY THIS GAME!See you soon Space Cowboy."
,Recommended,215280,8885243,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,stickybare,"Really fun game to get immersed in, with a good eye on balance too somehow. Once you understand how the game mechanics work (items, questing, gearing), you see really see how talented the game designers are."
76561198042946383,Recommended,215280,8900141,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,lilmandiel,"Surprisingly a good game! A hidden little treasure. The questing can be a little confusing due to players not having levels. So you may find yourself beginning quests that are too difficult. But once you find the right area to quest in it goes rather smoothly. I do enjoy the fact that the game sometimes encourages players to do research outside the game to complete quests. I also like how open the skill tree is and how each player can have a unique set of abilities. The voice acting is phenomenal, the music is addicting, and the ability animations are fun and exciting. The in-game store items do not seem too game changing so there’s really no worrying about rich players having OP characters. It’s definitely better than many free-to-play mmo's out there and even better than some pay-to-play games. I bought the game when steam had it on sale and am so glad I did. Just wish I would have gotten a few more copies for skeptical friends because I believe once you give it a try you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,215280,10192037,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Hakurei Pest Control,8/10It's okay.
76561198008808998,Recommended,215280,10390331,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Captain Rook,~Create Character~Join Dragon Faction~Get seduced by hot asian lady first 5 minutes into the cutscene.10/10
,Recommended,215280,11595045,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ertictus,lel
76561198008323882,Recommended,215280,17349442,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,=][= The True Astartes =][=,"One of the best games ive played in a long time, absolutely loads to do and leveling up is as all games should be. its a nice change to just switch your play style at the drop of a hat. 10/10"
76561198051783117,Recommended,215280,17666854,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,osuchin7,"I barely hit the minimum requirements. Even on the lowest settings, the graphics are better than Skyrim or Fallout. Gameplay's great. Ingame shop has cool and conveneinet stuff, but nothing you really need, which should be the point of an Item Shop. Membership gives you some pretty cool perks, but similarly, nothing you really need. Which should be the point.Overall, best fantasy MMO I've ever played. Plenty of new stuff regularly. Lots of thought went into this and it shows."
,Recommended,215280,27860009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GrimParrot,Likely the best MMO Ive ever played.
76561198110040420,Recommended,215280,9467627,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Twitchiopolis,"TSW gives an interesting spin on the Fantasy genre by placing it in a modern setting rather than the classical Middle Ages theme.  It bares more resemblance to a Lovecraftian horror than a Tolkien work, dubbed by my friends ""Call of Cthulu; the video game"" (even if only few parts have sanity meter mechanics).Settings include a small town in New England overrun by undead, a city in Egypt fighting against a new uprising of one of its ancient foes, and a series of post-Soviet occupation Trannsylvanian towns besieged by vampires and werewolves.The foes run the gambit from classic design to compleately reimagined, whatever needed to fit into a modern setting.  Zombies in track suits, golems made of scrap metal, cultist in hoodies, and vampires covered in parkas and gas masks (to protect themselves from the sun, duh), scuttling wendigo, sloshing dragur, glowing will-o-wisps and more.Characters are distinct and memorable, with NPCs that will make you laugh audibly, cry physically, and moments that will make you go ""what the f###?!?""  Every one of my friends who have played this game have a favorite, and a least favorite, character.  Dialogue is well written, better than some TV shows.Quests vary between standard assult and dungeon missions that require slaying of hordes of mosters (or one big one), sabotage missions that require tact and subterfuge, and research missions that involve extensive out-of-game study.I cannot emphasise the awesomeness of research missions enough; they are incredible in-depth puzzles and can make you do anything from learn arabic to visit game-based websites on the real world internet to scribble notes about demon runes like a madman.  The lazy can simply Google search for a walkthrough, but those who enjoy mystery will have a blast connecting the dots.As a MMO RPG, it still suffers the stanard MMO RPG flaws; other players mercing your tagets before you can reach them, small pools of active players looking for group for the dungeon you want to run, nessicerey grinding to become strong enough to handle the next area, player characters in gaudy outfits providing jarring contrast to the scenery, the silent protagonist, and so on.  However, these flaws don't detract significantly rom the game.When all is said and down, I would recomend this game to any fan of modern fantasy."
,Recommended,215280,9754577,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,The Moody Welshman,"Currently at Savage Coast.This game has a lot of mixed reviews, and for good reasons.I bought this game last year (I think) and it's sat uninstalled since the first time I played it. At the time, I couldn't figure out what I was doing because I was focussed on other stuff and couldn't be bothered trying to get into something new (my own fault, obviously).But anyway! Installed it recently again and I've got to say it's excellent in some ways. The story and overall concept is absolutely brilliant, I love it. Modern setting in a good looking environment and plenty of cool places for roleplaying.Unlike most MMORPGs (including Champions Online, which is a favourite), the questing doesn't feel linear at all. I haven't had two quests that have felt the same, and I've completed more than I can count. The combat is great fun aswell, though I would prefer it if this game was gamepad compatible. Still, other than that, no complaints really. Questing gets tough though, and you have to pick your upgrades carefully or you'll not enjoy your time. Playing with another person (preferably someone you know, who is an active player) is insanely good fun!The character customisation is great, appearance you might find a little limited. But then again, I say that after playing Champions Online which is simply insane when it comes to your character's appearance choices. Speaking of CO, this game is pretty much Free Form the whole way through. You're not stuck to any particular tree of abilities, and you can even (if you have the patience) keep going until you get enough skill/ability to points to unlock ALL the powers *insert raised torch* and alter your build however you please. It's pretty endless, and there seems to be new content every year which is really cool.The environments themselves look great, from London to Egypt this game offers some great adventure. The enemies are well designed and sometimes things get pretty spooky...also BIG THUMBS UP FOR VOICE ACTING!The loading times are...horrific, at least for me. Just logging in takes longer than you'd think necessary, and then switching from Agartha (probably didn't spell that properly!) to London is equally as irritating. Updates aswell...despite being able to get 1.9mb/s on Steam, the game launcher gives me an average of below 1mb/s and just goes up and down seemingly without end.Weapons/Talismens seem scarse. I've completed a lot of quests and so far only received one weapon (that I actually use with my powers). However, I found the auction house to be very helpful and the rare weapons you buy with tokens from completing quests in specific areas give you a great punch!The community has to be one of the best I've come across. Very helpful, there's always someone around to help out. The RP community is very good aswell, the TSWRP addon from Curse makes it very comfortable to create a character. The lore also is very clear so there's not much confusion to be found.Consumables are suprisingly fun, SMOKING A CIGAR HEALS YOU IN THIS GAME. Also, they're cheap (in the Horned God bar) which makes it handy for characters who want to have a shmok'!Great game for Roleplayers, great game for PVPers, great game overall with just a few flaws that can be overlooked with ease.Also, anyone calling this game ""pay to win"" has either not played the game at all or have some other reason to moan about a problem that doesn't exist in this game.8/10, may seem a bit of a high score considering the flaws but in this case the benefit SERIOUSLY outweighs the cost."
,Recommended,215280,26919560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ireth,Best MMO I've ever played and I played many. <3
,Recommended,215280,9067875,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,A mmo that forces you to think
,Recommended,215280,11356030,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Maxmatrixman,"Fun game for friends, playing by yourself isn't that great. Will deffinantly play more of this."
76561197998787696,Recommended,215280,32056417,Posted: 29 May,all,TurdBiter,"Hands down the best story mmo game I've played. Obviously that is my opinion, but it is the one game that has more of a story driven purposed to me than others. It is just great, and something original. No wizards, or dragons, or undead lords coming to get your home. You don't need to team up with your neighboring enemies to defeat the greater evil.It is just plain and simple when it comes to the world has a ton of secrets in it, and you are apart of keeping it in control.On the other hand, it is hands down the most boring Combat system I have ever played. I have to muscle through the boring / terrible combat just to hurry up and enjoy more story.Luckily this will change with Secret World Legends. So I hope.But even with the terrible combat system, I still play, because the story is that good."
76561198063588350,Recommended,215280,19664361,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,alexponential,"Love the quest design and the character progression. As of ~40hrs, really enjoying this game!"
76561197982350432,Recommended,215280,930579,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,[RBC] Hypo,"The only MMo you need to play. a wonderful look into the world of the secret societies. The individuality of the characters is what shines through, and the voice acting is spot on. A superb game for anyone interested in a modern day MMO. Beware though this games is not optimized and polished, it does contain bugs and glitches, but Funcom are doing a great job fixing these."
76561198062485514,Recommended,215280,14728941,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,xxagentxxno9,"the secret world or, tsw as it is known by its ever growing fan base, is a free to play open world rpg adventure game. I looked into this when i got tired of fps games, and endeavored to find something different to indulge my minds ever yearning need to be placated. no easy task i can assure you, but tsw hits the mark, it has a story line which will take you from the gloomy rural outskirts of kingston town all the way to the frozen warewolf ridden hell of transilvania, along the way you will run through, tombs, deserts, hidden tree fortresses, grave yards, and encampments of npcs ready to guide you on your way as you journey through the vast and diverse landscape that is the secret world.the story line itself is complex, and if you fail to watch part of it you will find yourself wondering what is going on throughout the rest of the game, but then half the fun of this game is that you do actually learn from it, and its maturity level is fairly high, unless you have an iq of 140 and consider yourself to be ""quite the historian"" or your primary place of residence is in a library i doubt that you will get all of the obscure historical references left by the game on hand, and will more than likely have to do a bit of light reading before it all starts to take form. to be fair, I think i learned more from this game about ancient european history and folklore than i did in school. you will also find that unless you have that knowledge you will probably be looking up solutions to quests online quite frequently, i know very few people that can speak all the languages that you would need to know to even begin to fathom what the quest is asking you to do. but that doesnt really work against it, the game has a built in browser for exactly that purpose, which has been adjusted to provide search results that will only give you a clue as to the answer and not give the entire game away.they have obviously put alot of thought into it, and i liked that it took me a whole year to level up just to complete the main ability tree, it keeps you focused and goal oriented for a long time, even after you have finished the main story line, there are sub stories and seasonal stories constantly being released, plenty of which are free to play. id look into this one if you like adventure games, or rpgs, or massive online multiplayer games, and also enjoy an intellectual challenge, this might have what your looking for."
76561198059744861,Recommended,215280,22503063,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Gratsu,"Not much to say, I personally find it a great game with a nice albeit small community"
76561198045429739,Recommended,215280,26643545,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sulli,If you like Roleplay and mystery solving this game is made for you.its really good.
76561198125554022,Recommended,215280,17926900,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dark,"I have played this game off and on over the years and everytime I come back to it I love it each time I do, it's a wonderfull game but the player community is a bit on the small side"
,Recommended,215280,19203295,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Aprillion,"Lots of interesting missions, I personally play it like a single player game with an auction house."
,Recommended,215280,19332308,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Keiro,"This game is simply amazing, it's total unique and gives you a gaming experience you never had before. The story telling and the setting is fenomenal. There are quest where's no hand holding, and you have to solve a mystery (they are super hard, and super satisficing to complete them). Also there's constant content updates, and it's not pay to win.The only con, that I can think of, and this only alone may make some people don't want to play is the combat system. It's quite slow, if you know these games, I would say it's  Guild Wars 1 and Final Fantasy XIV combination."
76561197992200165,Recommended,215280,20024852,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,crabbee77,"There's not much I can say that hasn't been said already. I could go on about the indepth, compelling story, how I'm blown away by all the lore I encounter. I could mention the stunning visuals, and the gothic, dark atmosphere that drips from every exotic locale. For an old school MMO player and a horror fan, this game took my expectations, and ran with them, and won my heart with it's Lovecratian soul.Simply put, buy this, right now... you won't regret it.        10/10"
,Recommended,215280,13671193,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,"Frank. Yes, Frank!","I was thoroughly enjoying the setting and stories. I downloaded this game based on the Extra Credits review, especially the section about the investigation missions.My only problem with it is the standard MMO grinding. Yeap, I killed that group of zombies last time I walked around the block and they're back for me to kill again. Killing the baddies in this game is too grindy for my likes. Especially when the baddiest are so frigging powerful. I definitely prefer games where I seem to be making an impact in the world. If I shoot a bad guy in the face I want him to stay dead.However I did really love the setting and storytelling of this game. I just wish I could have gone further."
76561198103903687,Recommended,215280,7781114,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,wattsje8,Modern day Cthulhu MMO? Shut up and take my money!
76561197972439221,Recommended,215280,8787861,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,]v[ae|stro]v[,"Good game. Once you get used to the controls, and unlike other MMO's you don't have to stand still during fights, it's pretty fun. The missions are fun and not just ""Run kill 5 of these and return"". They even have Investigative missions, where there isn't much combat, but alot of puzzles. Which they added an ingame Brouser to do research with. All in all, good game. I'd give it 4 outta 5 stars!"
76561198060721949,Recommended,215280,6181486,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Ångström,Best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,215280,7976731,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Superw0rri0,"This game is AWESOME! It's quite emmersive. There are 3 types of quests. Main quests, side quests, and small quests. Main quests and side quests consist 3 types of quests, Action quest (the usual fighting stuff except most of the time you have good reason to do it), Sabatoge quests (these are inflitrating something, usually an underground hideout, or some sort of enemy related building, and well.... you sabatoge it with various things to do), and Investigation missions (these are what seperates the secret world from everything else. Basically it's an ARG where you have to find clues, solve puzzles, and investigate things both in and out of the game with reasearch via google and books). Small quests are just small things like go from point A to point B and do something or fight these monsters. The more generic quests. And every quest besides small quests have a fully voiced cinematic cut scene. Combat is very free and open. The only downside that's preventing me from playing right now is that I don't have anyone friends who play it and the game is significantly better with friends. #4EverAlone :("
,Recommended,215280,7978747,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Obsurd Badger,"one of the best mmorpg's ive played so far. i love the story and the enviroment, after a year i have still yet to play pvp though. it really draws you in for more, and the ""no level"" system is great."
76561198057250112,Recommended,215280,7980799,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dreadguard,"Perfect for anyone who loves to customize their character to perfection. Great storyline, prefect voice acting, and exceptional Brain teaster quests. The combat animations are a bit lacking, but the combat system is large and can fit many preferences of play. I give The Secret World a 8/10"
76561198072281004,Recommended,215280,8218980,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mumi,Stealing my time! ;)
76561197975919645,Recommended,215280,8467576,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Loch Ness,juust to awesome a game :D
76561197970302086,Recommended,215280,8774027,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,stalker57,"If you like call of Cathulhu try this, I will also add  this is the first mmo that feels like a true table top rpg as well"
76561198035098247,Recommended,215280,7901296,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,dwinblood,"Review - some tips for upgrading at the endI am an MMO Snob.   What does this mean?   I love the idea of MMOs and have loved the idea since it first was given a name (I beta tested Ultima Online).    However, I am really picky about game play and the vast majority of MMOs because of how the stories and quests are laid out I believe I would prefer as single player.   Like I said a snob.The Secret WorldIs an exception for me.   It uses similar MMO mechanics, but the way the story is laid out and the reasoning behind why there are many of people running around justworksfor me in this MMO.   Also it has a one of a kind atmosphere and story.   If you are a fan of Horror, Urban Fantasy, Conspiracy Theories, Urban Legends, and the Supernatural then this MMO has all of that.   There is no other game out there (including single player) that quite catches this atmosphere.   I'd love to play some of those if they existed.This MMO can be played solo for the most part, or with a group.   There are some side DUNGEONS that you need to group up to play (they are cool) but, they are optional.The game has basically three varieties of quests.   It has your standard quests you'd expect from MMOs with killing something, fetching something, delivering something , etc.It has sneaky quests where the goal is to destroy or sneak around.It has these puzzle quests... and yes they are TOUGH and intended to be so.   Many of them you couldn't solve on your own unless you happened to be a genius biblical scholar.   However, the game has a browser built in or you can even launch a browser outside of the game.   It is intended that you use web pages and such to help you solve these puzzles.   They are COOL.   I doubt anyone could solve them all without searching the web.   There are also numerous sites offering walk throughs that are helpful in this.   You can pound at them and try to solve them and then when you start to get frustrated enough you are thinking about stopping go hit a walk thru and continue on, or you can use the Walkthroughs to power through these quests and still experience the story and vicariously feel as though you solved them.   It leaves this to the player's choice, so they work well.They recently updated the game so special currency you could only earn through PvP you can get just playing the game in general.   This is used to purchase nifty special items.If you hate MMO mechanics that might wear on you like it does for me.If the atmosphere and story appeal to you though you may find that it is easy to overlook that like it is for me.UPGRADING EXISTING ACCOUNTSOnce you purchase this you'll get a new steam key.I get the key by going to LIBRARY then GAMES then Right click onThe Secret Worldand click View CD Keys.   Click on the ulitmate edition.   Click copy to clipboard.   Go to the Secret World website and login to your account.   In the lower left corner is a KEY REGISTRATION area... put this key there and click register... then scroll to the bottom of the page again and tell it GO to apply it to your account... then scroll to the bottom again and click CONFIRM.   You can then purchase any of this stuff for 0 in the in game store.My older ReviewThe mechanics in this game are not anything earth shattering.   If I were basing this review on that alone this would get a downvote from me.   However, it has a very cool atmosphere, and a great story.   It is unique from that perspective and in my opinion is worth the price of entry just to enjoy some of the environments and stories."
76561198007738270,Recommended,215280,7945778,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DigDug74,This is an amazing game! The best in MMO todate!!!
,Recommended,215280,8772506,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,HarvyWarlock,"I guess this game has potential, won't know for sure until I get past the character naming. Seems as though every name is either taken or not allowed. It's possibly the worst character creator I have come across."
76561198018462489,Recommended,215280,7758240,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Uravity,"Even though the graphics struggle at times, this game has fantastic gameplay, great voice acting, and an interesting story. definitely worth playing!"
76561198008632897,Recommended,215280,28105213,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Michael Scott,"edit for Secret World Legends: apparently the game had to be dumped down for the console babies. The new weapon/combat system has lost its flexibility, fewer ability slots, and fewer skills to choose from.  Ifyou are looking for an awesome story it is still here. If you are looking for fun combat system look elsewhere.Original Secret World: Perhaps *THE* best MMO game i've played in years. Unmatched narrative and atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,215280,7763620,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Saphiricia,"Changed a great game to a f2p cash grab. Now you'll need to pay to unlock character slots to experience every faction, unlock every one of the 9 weapons to use, inventory space, and whatever else they can think of to squeeze you for money. DO NOT try this game."
76561197971611259,Recommended,215280,19367702,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Oldbolt,"Excellent game if you are in to conspiracy theories, horror(zombies,vampires,ghouls etc).  A good story that is mostly narrated in cut scenes.  If you are not too fussed about pvp and enjoy running around doing single player type missions and bumping in to a few other players now and then, and maybe doing a dungeon or two, if you can get the team, then give this game a go.  If you know someone who already has the game ask them for a free 3 day pass to check out the game, you will know within a couple of hours if this is the game for you.If you think there are too many 'ifs' in this review, you may need to ask yourself, 'IF it was worth reading all the way to the end'EDIT:  The game is now F2P and apart from the fact I spent a fair bit of money on the game, originally, I am liking the direction the game is going..  I never managed to get past Egypt on the old system.  I've now completed all the story mode, so far, and am loving the grind while waiting for more content."
76561197965066739,Recommended,215280,22574034,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[OTK] pleth0ra,"Super rich story and atmosphere. That is what hooked me to this game and it never misses a beat there. The combat is pretty basic, but the best thing about it is the variety at which you can choose your skills from. There is little chance that you and another player will have the exact same build, unless you are using the preset kits. The missions in this game can be very challenging! So challenging that they installed an in game browser so you can look up clues in your missions. Which can range from morse code, quotes from the bible and sheet music, which all in all make for a really rewarding experience."
76561198144265685,Recommended,215280,30485591,Posted: 12 March,all,b.pegg,"The investigation missions alone are enough to give this game a thumbs up. The only down side is the combat is a bit dated, and there is no feel of impact from an attack. however with news of the relaunch that should be coming late march early april, the combat is supposed to change, a long with other aspects"
76561198035567102,Recommended,215280,19449402,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Asparagus Rex,"Creepy AF, but hard to solo when you're peeking at the screen through your fingers.  Great customizability of magic/weapon styles.  Bring a friend."
76561197984007528,Recommended,215280,19455456,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Guts,"This game is a blast and a very intersting and unique and beautiful and fun and intelligent MMO with the best questing system in a MMO I have seen..Would definitely recommend picking up the complete edition for all of the new content and some bonuses, the game is definitely worth it if you are looking for a refreshing MMO"
,Recommended,215280,19441661,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vivian James,"Simply put: Don't buy the game standalone.  I don't mean don't buy the game, I mean don't buy THIS particular version of the game.  The Ultimate Bundle is what you actually want to buy.  Why?  Because the Ultimate Bundle comes preloaded with almost all of the expansions for the game (you'll also get $10 worth of Funcom Points upon completing your first 30 quests; I recommend using this to buy Issue #12).If you buy this there is no upgrade option, you'll end up having to buy the Ultimate Bundle which is basically buying the game twice.  Either that or you can buy the expansions if you want, but that'll cost you more than just buying the Ultimate Edition.  So in summary, the game itself is GREAT, I absolutely recommend it.  But buy the Ultimate Edition so you won't end up having to buy it twice, and you'll save a bunch of money on the expansions!"
76561198111484732,Recommended,215280,19487237,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,John Deere,"One of my favourite games, good and cool missions, quests, not repeatative monsters, areas.This is your game if:-You bored of orcs, elves and any middle age mmos-You bored of repeatative kill/gather questsCan be played alone, I'm doing that too,it's a good, beautiful present age dark-style mmorpg with good main story."
76561197991029974,Recommended,215280,20503715,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,The_Sorrow_13,"This game is really really good ! It is one of  kind !Personally I 've never seen the aspects of this game in other games !PROS:Mystery questsAmazing puzzles - riddles (you need to do research to solve)Story behind everythingCinematicsAmazing charactersStunning atmosphere and soundsBeautiful enviromentMany many ways to play your characterCompletely different skills and ""leveling"" systemVery nice outfitsAwesome capitalsQuests that have parts (for example ""find the box"" and when you pick it up you 've done 1/5 of the quest)TEMPLARS AND ILLUMINATI !!!!!Cons:A few bugs (every game has ...) Although I 've never encountered a bug that made me feel angry or frustruated.Skill bar has only 8 Slots . This is a huge Cons for me because there are tons of spells to use and only 8 slots . I would love if it had at least 12 slots .And thats it ... Basically the only complaint I have is the spell slots ... I ve never had a big problem with bugs , just wrote the bugs in CONS because I hear many people complainingThanks for reading"
,Recommended,215280,26274454,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lord Cerbera Odollam,"One of the best mmorpg's ever created and it does service to the Lovecraftian tag so well that it's not funny, 11/10, still playing it."
,Not Recommended,215280,31873009,Posted: 20 May,all,Hogarth,"Added 8-24-2017:Well, the long promised and awaited conversion of funcom points is implimented, and they decided to tell us last minute that it doesn't apply to points bought before jully 1st 2016.  Seems like this game just keeps telling me to go f myselfOriginal:New review now that this is a new game.  Keep that in mind, since they tried to keep all the good reviews from the original game, despite claiming it’s a completely different game thus why they must wipe progress and make old players buy almost everything over again.   Honestly this new version still has great moments. Unfortunately, most the changes are negative (longer more boring tutorial, no more phone calls to go on unique missions for your faction, now you must buy sprint buffs with real money currency) or just lateral moves (new combat system, new clothing closet).  Also, it feels like a blatant cash grab and fairly pay to win.  You can buy new skills/powers instead of leveling up for them (and you better believe people will try to make you feel like an♥♥♥♥♥if you haven’t bought all the tank or healing skills by level 10 for the first dungeon if your trying to fill those roles.  Items basically don’t drop anymore and most things are behind lock boxes.  Also, they promised to transfer bought currency from the old game and give rewards for purchased x-packs but that hasn't happened.TLDR: Cash grab and middle finger to returning players with some nice single story and atmosphere if you want to shell out hundreds of dollars for what used to be 60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,215280,34004532,Posted: 3 August,all,PussyDestroyer27,tfw I paid for Secret Worlds and now it's free
,Recommended,215280,11368200,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Lionarith,"Never thought that i would spend so much time playing a MMORPG, but i dont regret any minute in the secret world. Mainly because most of the time it doesnt feel like a common MMORPG. Its way too sophisticated for that, in every aspect.I especially like the cutscenes for Main quests, well written and directed, which adds to the dense atmosphere the setting already provides. And the huge amount of clothing for your character."
76561198340815354,Recommended,215280,29148054,Posted: 9 January,all,popzweaver,By far my favorite mmo to date and I'm going all the way back to the EQ initial release. Get her a whirl...
,Recommended,215280,17366270,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Fenny 🦊 💗 🐾,"Are you tired of constantly seeing the phrase ""Illuminati Confirmed""?Well tough luck --> the Illuminati are CONFIRMED and you can either do or get done.On a side and far less relevant note The Secret World (from now on TSW) Is a Buy to Play MMORPGFPSRTS xD You buy this game once and all of the vanilla content and some of the expansions (i think 1-5) are in your playing reach. If you want the full experience and if you want to show off some style, be it with pets, clothes, emotes or dances, be prepared to fork out some more cash for the rest of the expansions (Issue 12 has already been announced).The gameplay however is freaking amah-zing! You start off as a loser who swallows a bee (yeah what an idiot right?) WRONG! You suddenly get super/magical powers and one of the three conspiracy factions shows upandtells you they want you to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up on their behalf.So now you either get a gun, a bashy or slicy stick or a magical trinket that makes you poop fairy dust (oh and charr enemies with your freaking eyes).So get up kiddies and swallow a bee :D (don't. Just don't.) And join us in the magical adventures that TSW has to offer. Believe me the storytelling in this game is so off the freaking charts that you'll sink hundreds of hours into the game before you realise you lost your job and your wife left you. Don't get me wrong this is not a hating review, I'm addicted to this game like noone else.Oh and a GIANTass plus for this game is that EVERY single main and story mission has FULLY VOICED CUTSCENES and i'm not talking about people that just phoned in their voices, no im talking about pain staking voiceacting for EVERY single character you meet. And the characters even have personality! (Suck it WOW) And this isn't just another fetch me this and that grind game, no one mission ends where another begins, usually interconnected with (again) FULLY VOICED CUTSCENES :D so it feels like a really organic experience :3It's also set in a modern day setting where monsters decided to ruin everyones day and started ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥up...But who cares! WE HAVE CLOTHES SHOPS!"
76561198038331624,Recommended,215280,18708810,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Tebughna,"new daily and weekly goals to help endgame alot, after issue 9 i quit because of the crazy grind it asked for, but now they fixed that. for endgame they made it alot more user friendly, you'll be geared in no time without having to only do nightmare dungeons."
,Recommended,215280,18712169,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Dick Justice,"Amazing Atmosphere. Extremely Immersive, The best story in any MMO, periodThe cutscene and voice acting is top notch, and each and every quest is accompanied by cutscenes.Combat is fun and mobile, actually requires you to think rather than mash same old 2 buttons.Best of all, It's one of the most immersive games you will ever play."
,Recommended,215280,18878836,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,theassassin1790,"The Secret World is a unique game with lots of potential. The community is awesome for the most part, and the game does not make it harder to level up as you progress throughout it."
,Recommended,215280,25641069,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,martin.ocioso,awesome game :)
,Recommended,215280,26504995,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Cyberpurr,"Is good, it really is. Not for everyone though."
,Recommended,215280,8825950,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,GamerLEN,http://www.furaffinity.net/journal/5447587/This is pretty much what I have to say to this.In ten days I've played this more than I've played Fallout 3 and almost as much as Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.Get. This. Game.
,Recommended,215280,18474319,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ET,nice game with no class no level draw player's creativity back to enhance and boost their own gaming experience and style
,Recommended,215280,18712774,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Noobinator,"it is not fantasy (in tradtional orcs,faeries,goblines,dwarves style) it is more horror/sci fi ,hard action based, you will feel momenst of indiana jones,ewel of the nile type adventure,a bit of godzilla,(big monster ) type battles here,also you will expereince slasher film style stuff,muder mystery,serial killers,zombies.. lots and lots of zombies and ghouls,vampires,werewolves,inbred rednecks,truckloads of references to ray bradbury,h.p lovecraft cthulhu,mountains of madness,reanimator etc.. demonic possesion,vikings.. aztec warriors,ninjas,secret societies..( in fact that is what your toon will join) a plethora of references to real life or real world conspiracies,politics,cultrual mytholgies etc,philosphienacient mysticism,hookers,drugs,gangsters, i gigantic mosquito looking creatue.. yes a giant mossie.. ghosts,spectres,apparitions,zombie kids,at least 2 billion nods and references to all the best kick ♥♥♥ movies form the 70's and 80s,a lore so well thought out and so in depth it took 400 korans worth of text just to type,history etc etc.. GUNS!!! lots of guns,axes,chainsaws,martial arts,freemasonary,illuminati,cia,aliens etc etc etc and thats just the first few hours ;) have funUPDATED REVIEWwhile i still enjoy the basic concept (wow for grown up gamers)25 dollars for dlc?? sorry thats just highway robberyespecially when one of dlcs is some stupid crappy theme park ride where you do nothing but read a few notes and it is over in like 40 mins..wtf funcom?>??  you went from being wow killer numero unos to the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥tight asses in gaming..:(  check out my hours and my libary i have many survival sanbox mmos many indy games  i have supported the reason you generally almost allways end up sucking bad?this bogus practise of promising your e/a backers infinite free future content ( game updates)then lying breaking the game with garbage add ons that have nothing to enhance the universe yet feel forced onto the end player..and charging 25 bucks a go to continue the story..sorry dudes no game should cost 200 plus dollars i don't care who or what you areno subs required is great but try getting to certain parts of game without them.. good luck with thati wnat to get back into it and encourage more friends to play but quit charging so muchmake dlcs in packs so people can obtain what they need for cheap say 2 -3 in a pack for 8-12 u.s dollarswhy should i fork out 60-100 dollars if i only need 2-3 dlcs? sorry dudes dodgy practice!so buyer beware liek most online games (especially from indy companies) its almost allways a scam"
76561198075347367,Recommended,215280,18744689,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Devilblacknova,Good game
76561198002921501,Recommended,215280,18965486,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bmartin717,"Love this game, if you like MMO's but want one with a great story this is the game for you."
76561198049102309,Recommended,215280,18558415,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CamooTheSkull,"""An enriching and captivating experience that I fail to see in other MMOs. This story driven game really had me addicted, only thing bad about it that I can find is the hours that were sucked away from my life.""The review above was for the original Secret World. I figured I'd add my thoughts about Secret World Legends.Honestly, the game, is extremely similar to the original. The same environments, flow, feel, and storytelling. But this one has some changes, and I will say, I don’t agree with all of them.Some of the changes I like:For one, it’s free to play, which if done well can always be good. The changes to the controls they made were good. Now they follow along with a similar control scheme to other action MMOs such as Vindictus, Blade and Soul, or TERA. The M1, M2, E, Q, 1, and 2 keys are now used to activate powers and initiate attacks, instead of the number keys (same controls as KOTOR). Some of the changes that they made to combat are ok in my book as well. Such as making it easier to synergise weapons, and the ability to make more customisable builds then you were able to in the first game. They also made all forms of currency, even the real world, to game world currency (Arum) available to anyone, via the auction house.(Which they had to fix during launch...)Sadly. That’s the extent of the changes I liked.In fixing the animations for abilities and adding new ones, I feel like they really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it. Yes, it’s a revamped older game, but, it seems like they really skipped on the potential of how many abilities they could have changed around and added more to the game. The ability trees now, just feel small. In addition to that, they redis, and polished a lot of the Player character animations, but not the animations of the NPCs, this is a detail that could be looked over but I still wish they had taken more time to polish this.The new abilities, feel slightly overpowered to me. In Fact, the entire game and it’s new Leveling system makes the game feel like it’s holding your hand a little too much to be perfectly honest. As an example the jump from the first aria to the second was cool, it got a lot tougher, and the first aria still felt moderately well scaled if you went back to repeat missions. Now, when you get to the second aria, and revised the first. Everything dies almost instantly. And to clarify, I’m not talking about the jump from Kingsmouth to Egypt (world 1 to world 2). I’m only referring to Kingsmouth Town to Savage Coast (world 1-1 to world 1-2)…Most of the shops have been condensed into either the new Agartha hub, or your menu, where you can purchase most everything, except food power ups. Which is honestly convenient, but it makes the game feel more empty. More like a game, and less like a living breathing place. Which is something that impressed me about the original. Everywhere you went there was always a little detail hidden in the corner, be it a shop, a building, A soda machine that you could actually buy stuff from, or just another NPC. It made it very clear that this was a world, and it felt alive. Infact, I wanted more of this in the original, especially in the faction cities, where you could just explore the world for what it was, and find something new and hidden, like a shop that you completely skipped the past couple times you visited there. Or in player housing, and more shops, such as a tattoo parlor, or more businesses you could go to and visit. Now, it seems like there is less of that than there was before, and it’s a little disappointing to see SWL fall into the same run here, do this, open the menu, trap that a lot of other MMOs seem to. Where all you do is bounce from quest to quest, and never find time to explore the world presented.They also took away most weapon skins. Use to be you could costemise your weapon to look several different ways, some made more sense than others, but all were cool. Now, you don't get that much of a choice. You have the weapons that look the way they do from the start, and it seems that the only variants are dungeon weapons which have their own skins, and special event weapons, like the ones from the Kiss of the Revenant event. Otherwise you're stuck with what you got.In conclusion, I would still recommend this game, for the game. It’s free to play, and the story and combat are still pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥in my opinion.But, they did make some questionable decisions, and it needs work. Some serious work, that I really hope to see done in the future."
76561198009737481,Recommended,215280,20202709,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Theylon Raypeters,"its cheap...its free (monthly)...and you can end up being a horse headed...chipmunk headed fool that helps people out with their bus.     Even if the keybinds need to be redone a bit...and a few of the ..ok MOST of the quests need to be ""wiki'd"" to figure out...its worth your time."
,Recommended,215280,20077654,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kaiga,You can be freakishly cute if you buy enough coins and partake in all the micro transactions. Have fun!
,Recommended,215280,25849371,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jack Meta,"If I don't keep this short and sweet, I'll just ramble for days, so I'll say this:The Secret World is great if you're looking for something you're not used to. Yes, the combat is a little tab-targety, but the combo system and ability synergy gives it a fresh coat of paint, and let's be honest, we're really just here for the immersion and amazing questing. That's right; the questing is the standout point of this game. You meet new characters, get involved with their plights, and are often forced to think outside of the box to complete quests. This brings about a certain world-building not exactly present in a lot of MMOs.On top of this, the setting is world-class dark. Think the Illuminati meets Lovecraft. Really helps if you have a taste for dark, mature themes (not to say that you can't, but seeing as there's not a huge market for mature MMOs, this one scratches a rare itch). The music is really grand as well and helps immerse me even further.The group content is a lot of fun and there seems to be a lot of WoW-raid level mechanics in just the small group dungeons. This helps keep things interesting while you're grinding through looking for loot.In summation, this is a game you should get if you're really ready to invest in the universe. You don't have to dedicate hours upon hours every night trying to gear up like most MMOs; you can go at your own pace (though, you're likely to get sucked in and spend hours playing this anyway). I'd say treat it like an online singleplayer experience (a lot of the questing is encouraged to be done solo) with solid group content added as a bonus. This way, you can hop in, get your dark fantasy mythos fix, then hop in some dungeons with a few friends, then log out for the night. Overall, it's a really fulfilling experience. Hands down one of the coolest MMOs I've played. I've been a huge fan of WoW (during the Wrath days) and Guild Wars 1 and 2, then a little bit of DCUO. Currently, The Secret World is the only one that I find myself logging in to from time to time and still loving to the core (and I haven't even gotten to a majority of the DLC content).Oh, and it's free to continue playing after you buy it, so why not pick it up on a sale? Of course, membership sub comes with some pretty nice perks, but the game is more than playable without a sub (I'd say more so without a sub than most MMOs these days).Give the game a shot. My opinion might be biased because I dig MMOs and I am a sucker for what Funcom is selling here (that is, an dark, immersive universe filled with conspiracy and monsters), but I think it's definitely worth a shot. Website should have a trial for those afraid to take the plunge. Good luck!"
,Recommended,215280,26086964,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SilentGuy,"hi, i know i dont have more than 10hrs in this game, from the time i've bought it: mid 2013my friend wanted someone to play this game with, so there i was waiting for the 50gig goodness that is a mmo game.i joined a faction that he wasnt in....so i just deceided to just do a few missions & such.a light novel story short, i got stuck on a thing that wanted me to ""research"" on a individual's fav band, i guessed all the good ones i personally know, this was for a password on a computer thing with info on stuff.i spent 3hrs. three....hours. on that one quest. i didn't findout the passwerd, then quit the game entirely.so, why was this format, for this quest a thing? the only reasons why people still play wow today is the raidz & stuf i dont really know why they still play it.i'm only doing this review because i wanted to make a few points.1. idk, maybe make hints for quests(i dont really like having to know some irl dude's fav boy band, just to complete a quest)2. i didn't acutally play world of warcraft....like never thought about playing it3. i just wasted 3hrs on that one quest, i did try to do stuffz on researching the dude i had to know every single thing there is to know about him but...i dont care4. iz jus geam.5. i like simple things, E.D.F. is a simple game, buy that instead6. i wasted 2hrs writing this review(dont take this review for cerial ) like i did spent 3hrs on a quest i didn't want to do research on, that much is true)7. i did just quit this game after that one quest, if there is more quests like this, then i have my own opinion/right to say;""i quit""(dont take this next comment to the heart)10/10 - was triggered via remembering darker times of my life.buy the game, bring a friend(thats not dead)"
76561198136877627,Recommended,215280,26092050,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Nanubi,"TRANSMIT - Initiate the Secret Theory - RECIEVE - Initiate the Truth of the World - WITNESS - Initiate Everything - ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED? - We see you there, let us in - OPEN WIDE SWALLOW HARD - Buzzing down your throat - THE DREAM POLICE THEY LIVE INSIDE - 30 Dollars for an end to your world - BUY US NOW - But wait, there's more - WIRNESS! - The Secret World.Hello Sweetling. Did you believe you were untouchable, here, oustide the gates? Even before he entered Limbo, Hell followed Dante. Even before he was born.The Canto is I. The Code is 6 and 6 and 6. Transmit!""Midway upon the journey of my life, I found myself within a forest dark. For the straight foreward path had been lost.""How old are you now Sweetling? Mere years? We have buzzed within the seminal memory of your mortal race for millenia.We remember. We remember when you were born.Before.We remember when your great great grandfather was born.Farther.We saw Mary give birth. We whispered in Pontius Pilate's ear. We saw the kiss that began an Age and ended 3 lives.Do you smeel it, Sweetling? The blood of the new and everlasting covenant?There is no God, dear one. Only an Immaculate Machine beneath your Hollow Earth, only devils playing chess with human souls, only a woman with too many names and a man standing atop a tower and us, Dear Sweetling, your dear little bees, busy acting as messengers and librarians and so, so much more.Can you feel it? The buzzing benath your skin, the sweet ache of want? The desire for release?Come for us, Sweetling. 30 dollars and some time, and you will know everything.Everything is true.The children of Eye and Pyramid are watching you through your webcam as you read our words. The Followers of Chaos are gathering outside your window, ready to snatch you up. Crusaders from another time ready themselves for a plane ride and a lot of explanations.But we've been here, sweetling. Outside your home, in your veins, in your memories. We hitched rides in your father's seed, we looked after you as you made it through years of torture in the school system, watched as you ignored the Secret World around you.Isn't it about time you knew, sweetling? 4 years later and you're 30 dollars richer than you should be.Listen to us, sweetling. Writhe under the buzzing of our words.After all, historians were incorrect. Jesus Christ, Son of the Appointed Lord their God, wasn't born when you think he was.If your timekeeping was correct, this transmission would be uploaded on October 17th, 2012...You have 65 days before you drown among a sea of corpses. How would you spend them?With family? Friends? No, dear Sweetling.With us."
,Recommended,215280,25851792,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,That Guy on The Bus,"Top quality voice acting, story, and setting. The game does however, suffer graphically a bit, and the combat is a bit boring. However, it's quests and difficult investigation missions shine where other mmo's do not. Also, Cthulu is in it, and that's kind of cool."
76561198062129277,Not Recommended,215280,33943000,Posted: 31 July,all,xevious,"at the moment SWL has only one good thing to offer - story (and yet again it is currently shorter than original Secret World so pretty much nothing new for veteran players). combat system is far to simplified, it becomes boring really fast due to a very limited number of options. add bugs (some are more than 5 years old), crashes, insane level of grind (with very minor variety) and fairly high prices on pretty much everything (more than a few important things like sprint upgrade und bank space go for real currency only, sure there is exchange system ingame, but someone still have to pay for ""aurum"").Edit: most annoying thing about pretty much everything ""new"" in SWL (from my personal viewpoint) is ""lottery lockbox + key"" system abused everywhere. every single peace of loot (except few introductionary pieces granted through story) comes in form von lottery box. simple ones can be opened. ""shiny"" ones require keys. some keys are granted every day (and the do not stack or roll over), some require monetary investment."
,Not Recommended,215280,8210847,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mr. Matt,"It's an MMO. If you don't like MMOs, just pass on this. The characters are surprisingly good for an MMO, but that agonizingly slow slog through the ""gameplay"" keeps the player from actually getting to see anything fun or interesting. It's standard MMO fare. The settings are different, but all these damed MMOs seem to be the same. Piles of players run around, killing crap while you kill your own crap, you get a quest that sounds interested but amounts to killing X # of zombies and getting X # of items from their corpses, wash, rinse, repeat. I was a fool for buying this and thinking it would be any different from other MMOs aside from the setting. Save yourself time and money. There are so many better games out there. This is not even the least bit enjoyable. I wouldn't even recommend it if it were free to play unless you already love MMOs in general."
,Recommended,215280,33569166,Posted: 15 July,all,SnoopDraugg,"This review is for Secret World Legends.I played The Secret World as well and I liked for the most part. The mechanics were innovative but perhaps too so. They were all interesting ideas but the execution of them wasn't great.I honestly wouldn't have stayed with it except for one thing: The World. This game is hands down far and away the best game universe I have ever played in. It's detailed. It's dark. It's deep. It's just great.I long thought that TSW was this great world hobbled by these slightly wonky experimental mechanics. If only there was some way to take the same word and wrap it around another game. This is, in fact, exactly what Secret World Legends is.The new mechanics aren't perfect, but they are polished. This is the same spirit as the TSW with the rough edges knocked off (for the most part). The developers have been responsive and are working hard to poke and tweak things a bit to make it even better.As far as I can tell the people who really don't like SWL are the people who were just really into TSW and thought it was great just the way it was. Well... they can still play that game. I'm not. I think SWL is pretty great and getting better all the time.EDIT: I've heard here and from friends who play TSW at work that they were auto-updated to SWL. That doesn't seem right, but the intent is to let people continue to play TSW. I hope that works out for you who prefer the TSW. Until then, I completely agree with your anger."
,Recommended,215280,33326978,Posted: 6 July,all,Kreyciaus,"I honestly adore what they did with the game. I had trouble trying to solo TSW and that is the knd of player i am. I don't have a lot of friends interested in MMOs and even though this is a social type of game, i always feel a little uncomfortable partying up with strangers. They changed this to more of a traditional MMO and it works well for solo play.The game is pretty much the same except for the difference in gameplay. I think they did a great job re-releasing it. I am also happy they did not just patch The Secret World because now i can enjoy the world in both styles of gameplay. Going in this direction is really just opening up more doors for people to enjoy the game in whichever style they want.I don't agree with the way they have currency set up though. I feel like they are overcomplicating everything. I did  just become a patron but i still feel like they are not offering a lot for people willing to pay. If they made it so maybe special monsters had a potential to drop cache keys for patrons or even just gave out a few more each day, that would make it a lot more worth it. I feel like on top of becoming a patron, i still need to buy aurum because i am not getting enough of what i think i need to get cool items and same with the marks. I cant see myself ever playing enough to get enough marks to get the things i want in-game."
76561197986482621,Recommended,215280,31890273,Posted: 21 May,all,Witcher,The best story on an MMO that I've ever played. Legitimately had me tearing up at a few points.
76561198037168556,Recommended,215280,33942592,Posted: 31 July,all,zknight003,"tl;dr: Dont compare to big MMO, just play it! and dont complain about the problem because its a great Free MMO. lol p2wIf you compare Secret World Legend or SWL to other well known MMO like World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy XIV or trash ESO (sorry personal vendetta since orignal lunch :P) is not that great.  The combat system is mediocre at best but its 100 times better than the original Secret World.  For me, I enjoy the game for its storyline in my opinion is one of the best on par with Final Fantasy XIV because its very unique.  All the quest can be redone beside the blue quest you will know once you play the game only downside it has 8 hr cooldown or 60+ for non patron.  There is some graphic glitch to some cinematics and also in game once in awhile but the major problem right now is the crashed that happen often when playing the game.  Some players may claim its ""pay to win"" game because of the in game currency were you can buy some cashe key to open up the cashe that gives you xp item to power up your character and if your are lucky you can get a really awesome epic weapon.  Personally let player spend whatever money they want doesnt really affect the game because the end game itself has no really competition beside yourself.  The end game content is pretty much Dungeon grinding to powerup your gear and currently only one true raid which is lair and its a pain to start it and no real pvp lol shambala.  If you decide to play this game one thing is a must is the patron status or else you will suffer from lack of anima shards to teleport all over the place and walking through the entire map.  Overall I do recommend this game to players who wants to explore its unique content.PS: I thought this would be a short review *sigh well no one will read it anyway =D."
76561197992355365,Recommended,215280,33978046,Posted: 2 August,all,nianox,"Remains an excellent game after the 'Legends' transition, which has considerably upped the visual detail.It's rare to find an MMORPG with such fantastic storytelling and characters, and this deserves to be prized."
,Recommended,215280,31624015,Posted: 8 May,all,Frank Jaeger,"I'm going to keep it somewhat vague, short and sweet.With the upcoming TSW Legends, I have to briefly look back and reflect on TSW as being the freshest and most interesting story-driven MMO of all time.I have played many MMOs from the early eras.UO, EQ, Knights Online (original), Diablo, WoW, Asheron's Call, MUDs, GRAAL, the whole nine yards.Never has a game delivered such amazing depth of character customization, story content, serious nailbiting moments cut with great humor, and so much more that cannot be touched upon without a lengthy fanboy loveletter.I am actually looking forward to an aRPG system as the hotkeyed combat has been one of my only complaints over the years, though this game was still a more tolerable approach to the genre. This game has brought me an amazing experience through the years and I cannot wait for Legends to roll even more accessibility out for this amazing and triumphant title."
,Recommended,215280,33939811,Posted: 31 July,all,Xantari,"I rather like SWL. I loved TSW as well. Some folks complain about SWL being bad, or garbage or whatever. Which is fine, I guess. That they'd rather play the orginal. Well go on ahead. It's still avail. Can go play that one instead. For me, I like Legends. Will continue to play Legends. Story is great, as it hasn't really changed. Gameplay now uses a targeting system instead of tab-target. Which is not a big deal to me. I hit level cap, killed mobs and bosses as needed with no issues. Game starts and runs perfectly fine on my laptop. So many nay-sayers out there. It's justa baffling. But whatever I guess. The only thing I DON'T like is how when the steam release of Legends came about, it FORCED my account from a Funcom, into a STEAM and tried to force me to DL the game via steam, even though I already had the normal client (via funcom) installed. An easy fix mind you, but still should have gave the option between the two setups first BEFORE converting the account instead of AFTER, then having me change it back manually."
76561198274135778,Not Recommended,215280,33415670,Posted: 9 July,all,ass_at_work,"Firstly: The idea behind the game The Secret World -endless possibilities- is great and I really enjoyed it, because I liked missions and riddles. But the new game gives me the impression of having been converted halfheartedly.I don't have it in my library, but it is shown to me and my friends that I own this game and even the revies have been copied over.Unfortunately there's no real option to transfer my old account and everything I worked for into the new game (start from zero, no equipment) and the new reduced skillsystem just doesn't do it for me. An additional negative point is the new level restrictions (you have to be this ...level to continue your story).For me, all of the aforementioned points are the reasons, why I won't play the remake Legends. A pity, because I invested many hours into the old game and I liked it very much. Too bad I will never know how my story would have ended."
,Recommended,215280,33156524,Posted: 2 July,all,Soraph,"The game has been recently ""reborn"" under this new name, it is almost still the same, and that is good :-)"
,Recommended,215280,33058274,Posted: 30 June,all,RedHoodie,"This review is for ""The Secret World"" and not secret world legends!I was convinced to buy this game. So I did and played with the person who convinced me. We had a blast and played for hours. It's so many different placed to explore, so many stories to listen to and quests to do. What I really like about this game is the story and the elements they use. I have always been a sucker for good stories, which actually is a good one in this game. Yeah there's a main and several sidestories from time to time, but it makes it great. You get to know the world with it.There's so much to do in this game. However, as I played I encounted problems and glitches but thankfully not often at all. The combat was not the best either. There's issues with this game of course but it doesn't ruin the experience. But the support you get from these guys, I would say is wonderful and helpful. When I got help with some issues, they helped fix it quite fast. They care is my impression, which is something developers stop doing with some games sometimes.This game might not be for everyone, but I think it's a game worth a try. And now that legends is out, I'm going to try it out once more and see how they have done it. Because I like this game and if someone ask me about it, i'll say it's worth buying and playing."
76561198053136158,Recommended,215280,33084414,Posted: 1 July,all,One Shot Mario,i wanna play secret world LEGENDS and i am getting in the normal secret world  wtf?
76561198053010254,Recommended,215280,32704658,Posted: 23 June,all,ixious,"I ADORE this game, the only struggle is paying them for subscription.  If the coming relaunch on Steam comes with the ability to buy Patron Status months as well, this will be the perfect game for anyone into intellegent, scary, and mature gaming.EDIT:  I emphasize this for any new players, this game is AMAZING, and their devs quickly respond to issues.  This game had a VERY rough launch, part of the reason the overall review for this game dipped, but we talked to the devs, told them what needed to happen, and the first wave of those fixes are happening on July 5th. If by July 31st there are still some things that need fixing, communicate the but do not lose hope.  This is an amazing game, amazing community, and endless possibilities for a future.  Just be aware that negative reviews are welcome because we want it to keep getting better, not because we hate the game.  We pick because we care, and we want you to have the best experience possible."
76561197980160718,Recommended,215280,18987954,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Tobwa,"Play it because it is an immersive, fun, engrossing game. The story is enveloping, the writing wreathed about you in sheets of atmosphere. It is incredible. And, having other people running around doesn't ruin it (my main complaint with MMO games). I actually jump for joy when I see another player hunting for clues to one of the many brutally hard puzzles.This game is beautiful, and the only MMO I enjoy."
,Recommended,215280,20536101,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Omegalivestream,you have to walk in with a crew of 3 atleast. This game is hard but hella fun :D
76561198004398748,Recommended,215280,21416141,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Avalon,"Got punched by Cthulhu, got to punch Cthulhu back.10/10 Would go insane from gazing into the untempered schism again.(Serious though, one of the friendliest and most welcoming communities I've ever seen in an MMO and the game's story and mechanics are well woven together to provide a good experience for those there to kill zombies, or explore conspiracies and mysteries, or both.)"
,Recommended,215280,22154968,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Turgic,Its like magic
,Recommended,215280,22855783,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Double Royale w/ Cheese,"I recommend it because this game needs a much higher playerbase... It's a pretty good game, the story  isn't exactly engaging but the quests are definitely fun to do. I don't know much about dungeons and raids, but the PvP (more specifically the shanghai map) is dead more than half the time (unless you queue for those 10v10 matches)Oh, and Agartha (the main hub) has about 30 or so people in it at a time... which is embarassing as hell for an mmo8/10 as a game3/10 for an mmo"
76561198048317162,Recommended,215280,25448458,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Nox,"awesome, unique experience"
,Recommended,215280,26300851,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Soviet,"Almost a thousand hours outside of steam.Best modern day MMORPG.Love steam so I purchased to have a more fluid and central game library.Now I almost always play solo. With the occasional visitor starring in my MMORPG experiances. This game is great for that. SOTNW, TSW, ESO, DDO and STO are my personal top 5 (in no particular order).Bouncing through time, fighting evil.Fun times as my screen shots show:The Secret World"
76561198065194851,Recommended,215280,30078813,Posted: 21 February,all,G.Weathermary,Legendary.What a game.
76561197984572031,Not Recommended,215280,33024565,Posted: 29 June,all,reagan_youth,Secret World LegendsBe wary of Secret World Legends due to paywalls. Will update before Steam's official launch of Legends if Funcom actually listens to its players.
,Recommended,215280,18713161,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,birdbrainberke,"EDIT: This review was for The Secret World (the original version of the game) not for Secret World Legends. Since Funcom recycled the Steam page, be aware that old reviews like this aren't necessarily indicitive of the current game.---This game is far from perfect, but I couldn't care less because it's incredible. I've tried other MMOs, and none have stuck the way this one has.For one, the theme and storytelling is perfect. The characters are amazing, the fully-acted cutscenes are awesome, and the story missions are entertaining even a second time on an alt. As for the theme, it's a fantastic departure from the typical fantasy MMOs, which can be fun, but this is the only MMO I've found that has this particular feel. It's creepy, it's goofy, and it's set in modern day so it feels far more real.For two, the non-story missions don't feel like the typical MMO grind. There are a few ""Kill x monsters"" missions, but even those are typically wrapped in either a great narrative, an interesting location, an interesting mechanic, or all three. It doesn't feel like a grind because those ""Kill x, fetch y"" quests are spread out amongst other, more story-driven missions.The character models could use work, and the starter clothes are crap but there's a lot of room for clothing customization as you progress and gain money. The cash shop doesn't have pay-to-win items, and IMO they're not even edging close to that. It's like 90% hats and pants and weird animal heads. The gear that's for sale is very rapidly outclassed by other gear in-game.Speaking of gear, it's not tied to your clothes at all, so you never have to worry about choosing fashion over power. The weapons each have their own skin, but you can reskin the weapons for in-game money, or you can just disable the weapons so they only show when you're actively using them.A very rambly review, yes, but I couldn't recommend it more highly. There are some weird bugs and weird lag issues, but the story and the atmosphere make it 100% worth your time and money."
,Recommended,215280,20577524,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Billythekid88,Thought this game would suck but if you know how to work around the bad battle controls using a razor mouse your set soooooo AWESOME LOVE THIS GAME.
76561197981441664,Recommended,215280,21905748,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,Actually the best MMO after WoW that sadly lacks a community
,Recommended,215280,26393757,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Al,"Such a fun game, played it more like a singleplayer / coop game with friends. It has a great storyline which is in-depth and rich with differing mythoss and conspiracies whilst still amusing at times. Although I get annoyed with the sub-par engine and the awful sabotage (stealth / sneaking) missions I haven't enjoyed an MMO as much as this one in awhile.You definitely get your money's worth for the game; played 96 hours before I considered buying the extra post-release content for hours and hours more of gameplay."
76561198137393216,Not Recommended,215280,30821222,Posted: 29 March,all,4thdimension,"This isn't the game that most reviews are for. This is a resell of an old game, but with enormous changes to the business model, progression and combat system. The decision to stick with the old graphics engine is very poor as it has not aged well. Stay clear for now."
,Recommended,215280,19826094,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,A.A.R.O.N.,"I have to say I really like this game. Having played multiple MMO's, what fascinates me about this one is it's simplicity. You don't need to spend years figuring out the best builds or the most successful mechanics. People who fancy the sophisticated stuff might dislike that, but I'm really into it.The atmosphere is pretty good (for an MMO at least), and different quest types like sabotage (sneaky-stuff) and investigation (use knowledge and research to solve complex riddles, some of them are really difficult, don't spoil them by cheating) increase the overall feel.Those of you familiar with the works of Lovecraft will find some resemblences in the game, something I'm highly enjoying (especially since I feel there's way too few Lovecraft-themed games out there).It might not have the larges community, the fanciest graphics or the most complex system, but this game has it's own elegance. In a certain way, it is truly unique.If you're looking for a simple, rather easy-to-learn MMO with a rather different setting than most, this one might just be right for you."
76561198019133558,Not Recommended,215280,29073501,Posted: 6 January,all,Shauny Boy,"Simply put .... like some others, couldn't get the game to actually work.After spending god knows how long creating accounts here, creating another account there .. which it asks for full payment details during that process ..... YOU DONT NEED THEM FUNCOM !!! ... I bought your game, There is NO Subscription you can have credit card details IF i choose to buy anything.Then when i finally bit the bullet and added paypal to keep it happy, the game claimed My Account Is Frozen so still couldnt Login .. contacted Funcom, but Never heard back from them??Any time it shows logged on this game was spent just trying to get logged in, Thank God Steam gave me a refund"
,Recommended,215280,20312546,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The Mi-Go 13,"A quick shotMystery. adventure, intrigue, and weird-horror for adults. This goes for TSW and ESPECIALLY Secret World Legends, which is even better than TSW was.First, to be clear, you can TOTALLY play and enjoy the game without spending money. IT IS NOT PLAY TO WIN. Some folks like to bandy that phrase around needlessly. I have played SWL 130 hours (and TSW 215 hours before that), and can confirm, you can play everything for free.OK. The short take.An excellent, soloable, online game fat packed with Lovecraftian horror, excellent writing, rock-solid and emotive voice acting, spooky atmosphere, adult themes, beautiful rendering of the locales, enjoyablet but not spectacular combat, but massive freedom in choosing how you fight and explore the world; and explore you will if you want to immerse yourself in this game.Very unique game for folks not looking to grind out pick-up and deliver quests and raid group instances all the time. Very much enjoy this game and I hope the devs find a way out of their financial troubles as this game deserves even more support.Well worth checking out.M13"
,Recommended,215280,20521356,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Mike Maniac,"This game literally just finished installing and it instantly sucked away 5* hours of my life. This is the sort of magic I've been looking for.  :D* Thinking at 11:50pm: ""Hey, I'm just gonna try this game out really quick - at least make a character...""...""Looks at clock - now it's 4:55am and am partially missing articles of clothing* ""What the hell just happened here...?""This game is magic. It's a conspiracy! Everything is a conspiracy. I notice a pattern where I repeat myself. What does it mean? It's a conspiracy!"
,Recommended,215280,20856991,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Eirr,"If you love story, atmosphere, and immersion (with a spice of horror) in your game, The Secret World is the game for you. The questing system is different and requires a little getting used to because the lore requires you to piece the story together. Once you get hooked on the story and let the immersion shine through, you will find that the other flaws in that game become strangely dim. Honestly, there is no other MMO like this one.I'm enjoying this game immensely; it earns my recommendation."
,Recommended,215280,33930682,Posted: 31 July,all,DarkGryph42,"Short version: As a long time player of The Secret World and having played many hours of its relaunch as Secret World Legends prior to the Steam release, I highly recommend this game.TSW has always been the *best* MMO I've ever run across in terms of story, characters, and atmosphere. (Possibly best game period.) Its lore is incredible, the missions interesting and unique, and its characters ridiculously well-written. None of that has changed with this relaunch.What the relaunch HAS done is make the game a lot easier for new players to get into, and even easier to solo if you choose - which is awesome. If you've also been playing TSW for a long time, then yeah - you'll need some time to adjust to the changes. I tend to like them, myself. If you've never played or were prevously put off because you felt lost when starting out, I'd recommend giving this version a try."
76561198045063918,Not Recommended,215280,33973783,Posted: 2 August,all,ripclaw,"I bought ""The Secret World"", not ""Secret World Legends"" - which i consider an inferiour product.not only did funcom not move my characters and character slots to the new game (i have to level it all again..., i own(ed) 39 lifetime slots in TSW), they also force-upgrade you to SWL by messing with the patcher and now replace my purchased content TSW in Steam with SWL.I cant even download and install TSW Classic anywhere in Steam anymore.Dont invest money. They know no holds in messing with your content should they feel the need. you get swapped out to whatever they consider ""fun"" these days...the new game is oversimplified, extremely buggy, cant handle the 3rd person cam or targeting like before.RIPOFF !(i`ve been in since TSW beta a few years back, im super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off)"
76561197981845904,Not Recommended,215280,33982328,Posted: 2 August,all,Phodder,"Was having fun with that game, but sadly all my character are now gone."
,Not Recommended,215280,34047375,Posted: 5 August,all,Whisker,"A step down from an otherwise already mediocre mmorpg that promised the universe, and gave you pluto."
76561198093450314,Not Recommended,215280,33977220,Posted: 2 August,all,fluffy bunny,the legend update killed the game for me
,Not Recommended,215280,34008129,Posted: 3 August,all,Doobiemon,"Forreal? I buy the ORIGINAL game, only for it to get ""remastered"" into some F2P, P2W garbage? Hell nah fam. 0/10"
76561198098984433,Not Recommended,215280,34010640,Posted: 4 August,all,Peeter,"It's just sad what they did to TSW! It was a great game, Legends is just a catastrophe. And not a great and mighty one, but a sad catastrophe. :("
,Not Recommended,215280,33977540,Posted: 2 August,all,INTERCEPT TARGET IN SHANGHAI,"It's very safe to say that the old iteration is better than the new.The new combat system sacrifices the choice and synergy of the old one, for combat thats a bit more action orienated. It can barely be felt however.The story dungeons are a boring slog now, with no real threat of losing. The loot system is also terrible and paywalled.I don't think this was really an attempt to revitalize the game, moreso it was an attempt to monetize the game in a terribly p2w way and suck money out of a dead IP."
,Recommended,215280,29276357,Posted: 15 January,all,△ Gucci △,Well it isn't so damn secret now is it?
,Not Recommended,215280,34449240,Posted: 23 August,all,woodpipes,"Unfortunately, just after installing the game crashes during character creation. Tried 6 different times. Cannot reccommend until these issues are fixed."
76561198024661927,Recommended,215280,34397862,Posted: 21 August,all,Rubezahl,"I see a lot of people saying they don't like the new systems.  That's to be expected with change.  I'm not particularly fond of the new skill tree and class system.However, what I will say is that the theme and execution sets this game apart in the mmoRPG world.  Definitely focuses on story and delivery more than button mashing combos and instant gratification dungeons.  It's worth a play through, but I don't know if I could consider it one of those games you feel like you have to be on every day.I haven't experienced any end game, but from what I read, it's not anything super engaging."
76561198041594471,Recommended,215280,11648608,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Doorbell,"So I was playing this game, and I walked into a town hall. My instincts told me to look at the clock, and wouldn't you know it, the clock had two hands! So I used this information to solve every mystery in the game. I did it."
76561198078271446,Recommended,215280,15834483,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,NamelessFool,i didnt like it that  much.
,Not Recommended,215280,34251191,Posted: 15 August,all,Legendary Folklore,"I bought the Massive Edition on Steam ahwile back in 2014. I tried to get into TSW, but the combat, movement, missions, wheel and crafting didn't really do it for me. I think I only spent about a total of 20hrs in-game, made it to the end of Solomon Island and quit. I recently picked it back up when it forked into SWL (I know TSW is still around, and can be played if preferred) and tried it out. I was having a blast at first, since most of the issues that bogged the game down, or made it not fun were fixed in this iteration. I subbed and played for a month or so and just seemed to lost interest overnight on it. No rhyme or reason, it just doesn't feel like a MMO to me. Even with the introduction of combat more action-based with reticle, and more talent tree like skills. In the end, it just didn't offer me enough depth I think to keep playing. It was fun for a month, but I became disinterested even in a great cabal in a few short weeks. I won't get into the debate here over whether TSW or SWL is better, you have to try both and decide for yourself. The story is decent, but doesn't hold up keeping your interest as logging in became more of a chore than fun. Maybe it was the classes (or decks as they're referred to in-game) I played two types of character style up to 25 this time around. I was Ele/Chaos to start, then went Chaos/Hammer, then to Blood/Chaos. I think the last combo was the most fun, I ran the first two dungeons and they were lackluster to say the least. Crappy keys needed to open chests, had a maximum cap on the amount of currency you used on AH daily. 3-man groups for dungeons, with no real focus on roles, they can be completed by 3 DPS for example. Just overall not my cup of tea. I know people that play this and love it, and spend countless hours on it. I just think I'm better off finding another game to call home. Fun while it lasted, I don't think I will be returning a third time."
76561197963835174,Not Recommended,215280,34742986,Posted: 4 September,all,Inconnux,"I purchased the original game and did have a bit of fun with it before losing interest.   I thought I should try it again now that they have repackaged the game.The game is broken.  I can't get past the first mission because, for some idiotic reason, I can't talk to the first character mei Ling.  Press F to interact... multiple times at multiple angles.  I can't interact and start the first mission.I have researched this and multiple people are having this same problem.  Their solution is to reroll your character and start again.  I've done that a couple times and ran into the same problem every single time.Don't waste your bandwidth downloading this game.  Although the premise is unique, and the original game was somewhat fun, the 'repackaged' version obviously has zero quality control put into place."
,Not Recommended,215280,35509043,Posted: 5 October,all,HorrificBean,"Our wisdom flows so sweet. Taste and see.TRANSMIT - initiate funcom signal - RECEIVE - initiate the whale frequency - FREE TO PLAY - inhale the grind syntax - BUY BUY BUY - initiate the cash-grab lexicon - 2000 BONUS AURIUM - flip the Ace of Greed - WITNESS - Secret World LegendsI am a huge fan of the original Secret World, enough to purchase a lifetime subscription. I joined Secret World Legends at launch, and now months later I can say this with confidence: Stay Away From This Game.Funcom has taken a complete game, killed it, and is now using the carcass as bait for the whales. Opportunities to spend real money are everywhere, and the entire game is tuned to incentivise this. Their entire roadmap is just promises to reintroduce content from the original game, all while acting like it is brand new. They claim to have actual new content coming,but I expect they’ll just take the cash and run, leaving the game to flounder.I haven't even mentioned the “improved” gameplay yet, which is only slightly worse than the original, if I’m being generous. Yes, they added “action” gameplay, but added an absurd grind to go along with it. The entire skill and gear setup is anathema to build flexibility, and the “streamlined” skill progression removes all nuance and experimentation from making a build.Everything that is good about this game (Investigations, Story, Atmosphere, to name a few) are leftovers from the original. Funcom has not added a single item of value during this relaunch.There are a whole host of other complaints I could bring up, but I would just be retreading even more of the same ground as all the other disappointed players leaving reviews.Don't waste your time"
,Not Recommended,215280,34849979,Posted: 9 September,all,Colonoctopus,Spent $30 on DLC. Game became f2p and I was given no compensation. ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices and ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198001742682,Not Recommended,215280,30935797,Posted: 3 April,all,Necbromancer,"The reviews present are largely for 'The Secret World.'  Funcom has relaunched the game with different mechanics.  'Secret World Legends' and 'The Secret World' are two different games.Sadly, I have been forced to provide a negative review, only because Secret World Legends has attempted to co-op The Secret World's reviews.While 'The Secret World is an amazing game with fabulous writing, 'Secret World Legends' is a separate game, and I can't in good faith give it a positive review.  Funcom produced an amazing title with 'The Secret World,' but I will not permit them to decieve potential buyers by simply switching titles.   I can't say enough good things about 'The Secret World,' but 'Secret World Legends' remains up in the air.  I would recommend waiting a time before committing to anything."
,Not Recommended,215280,32716865,Posted: 24 June,all,Cinos Ruddertail,"It was good, now it's not good anymore. The old game but with F2P grind-mechanics (Aurum, the ""premium currency"") and a much worse combat system."
,Not Recommended,215280,32969467,Posted: 28 June,all,Faesyn,"I have to give SWL a negative review, purely for the rename of the steam game The Secret World into Secret World Legends without making it a seperate game..-The couple thousand positive glowing reviews for The Secret World should not count for Secret World Legends.-Secret World Legends hasn't launched on steam yet, so why is it even a thing.-It says I have 438.8 Hours on Record for Secret World Legends, instead of my time in The Secret World.I don't like the idea that SWL is stealing TSW's positive reviews and playtime, when it's basically a different (possibly worse) version of the original TSW."
76561198014722140,Not Recommended,215280,32963189,Posted: 28 June,all,somnivore,Secret World Legends relaunch is the equivalent of exhuming a loved one and prosituting its corpse for beer money.  Do not download.
76561198162232292,Recommended,215280,33679298,Posted: 20 July,all,Witness1,"This game is amazing! They've reworked the old game in great ways! First things I noticed were the improved interface that is far less clunky, the improved crafting that got rid of the need to carry all those rediculous crafting stones and of course the old premium/dlc quests are all unlocked for the public. For a free game, this one is pretty damn impressive and among my favorites! My only wish is that I can buy aurum with my steam wallet!"
76561197995818869,Not Recommended,215280,34026007,Posted: 4 August,all,Ocev,Bad Version of what it was. Not much else to say.
,Recommended,215280,32352762,Posted: 11 June,all,Draxonfly,"The Origional Secret World was great. 'Legends' is a bad step backwards.They took a great game that had great atmosphere, enjoyable quests and investigations that incorporated the real world into them, a great fun strategic combat system that was a joy to use and tweak. A player felt like that where really involved with the story and game play, and things you did mattered.It was just an enjoyable different, nothing like it out there game with a great friendly and helpful community.Now it feels like all the other point an click mmo's with a frustrating clunky combat system.Shuch a disapointment moving it to Legends.. RIP Secret World...:("
,Not Recommended,215280,33950609,Posted: 1 August,all,hex021,"Sorry, No. Ive played this game since it was still TSW.(i bought it for $30 and it was ok until it felt bland, yes i regret buying this) They said there are going to be big changes on their new ""Relaunch"" and they really hyped it. but all it changed was that they added a reticle and made customization even more limited (the previous version of the game already had limited customization but they doubled up on the limitations now). The movements and animations are still the same generic look except they added a dodging system that also feels generic and stiff. You could literally dodge everything you needed to dodge with just walking, adding a dodge system made the game even easier (it would have been fine if the dodging animation and control didnt feel stiff). they also simplified their ""puzzles"" in the game which made the game even more easier to understand. you dont have to use your brain anymore to figure things out. even a monkey can beat the game. so to sum it up the only changes were more limited customization, more paywall, added reticle, new passive skill management system and an iffy dodge system. everything else is the same. this shouldnt have been a ""relaunch"" but more of a big update.TLDR; THEY LOCK EVERYTHING IN THE GAME BEHIND PAYWALL MIGHT AS WELL LOCK THE WHOLE GAME AND SHOVE IT UP THEIR POOPERS. THIS GAME IS FAKE NEWS."
,Not Recommended,215280,34873791,Posted: 10 September,all,Jaws Boi,hey uhhhh what happend to the secret world? ummmm no thanks my dood
76561198060844807,Recommended,215280,33473257,Posted: 11 July,all,Nicofiend,"[SWL]So far it's a great game, the combat feels smoother than the original, which is neat. It's not terribly pay to play either, good fun for zero dollars. The only issue is that there is no skill reset, and as a free player, AP/SP are in scarce supply. So build carefully, each choice is final and it can take several levels to counterbalance a bad choice or two when you're new and not sure what you're doing."
76561198079443979,Recommended,215280,32654908,Posted: 22 June,all,BreadDude,"I have to say, this game will keep you hooked. I've been looking for an MMO that had a great story, quests, and gameplay, and once I found The Secret World, I was excited. When I then transfered over to the secret world legends, I have to say, its been even better, due to the larger community, actually being able to do raids, events, and be in a group. The Secret World was great, but having to buy almost everything cosmetic, was a pain in the butt. In The Secret World legends, you are able to get everything for free, play everything for free, and enjoy everything for free. Now yes, what does suck is that there are some P2W mechanics for PvE, but in PvP it is completely balanced and doesn't allow your gear score to affect you at all.If you are looking for a great story, great quests, and a fun and unique MMO, this is the MMO you have been searching for."
76561198079462497,Recommended,215280,34153480,Posted: 10 August,all,ZenPwnage,"I only played a little of the original TSW but when I saw this update I figured I would give it another shot. It was free to play and I could always uninstall it if I hated it. Having nothing invested in the original game, my experience is different than alot of players who are used to and loved TSW. In all honesty I liked this new game. I havn't played it very much but I'm proud of my level 12 haha. The game is funny and that was one of the things that drew me to it. If youre looking for an irreverent game to kill a few hours this is a great game for that."
76561197993233518,Recommended,215280,32969942,Posted: 28 June,all,amalyse,"I am a vet of the old TSW, and I find this game enough of an inprovment at this point to continue playing. It still has a story that I enjoy, and cannot be found anywhere else. The change to combat did make it a bit better, and I find it enjoyable."
,Recommended,215280,17659323,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,"'Everything is true,' declares Funcom's MMO, leaving no stone unturned in its Lovecraftian inspired pursuit of weird fiction's monsters and madmen."
76561198042307005,Recommended,215280,18875236,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"Ever Wish WoW had guns? Ever wish WoW was set in the 21th century with the Ellurmurnurtur, Chaineezu and the Assassin's lifelong enemies le Templars? Look no further, this not too shabby cluster of randomness is just for you."
76561198049172436,Recommended,215280,32778501,Posted: 25 June,all,Franc Kaos,"If you love Lovecraft and King, fear the Elder Things, then you owe it to yourself to get involved with this game. Create an avatar, join a secret society and shine a torch into those dark hidden corners of the world, thoroughly recommended! See you on the other side..."
76561198115701400,Recommended,215280,31147140,Posted: 14 April,all,mokifinoki,"Lots of farming needed for this game, which I hate, but otherwise the game is fun. Controls a bit odd at first, but if you are willing to adapt a little, it becomes second nature. Tons of options, places to explore, quests...kind of an endless game."
76561198332043683,Not Recommended,215280,35396019,Posted: 1 October,all,zerospherus08,"So if you pay for the game,and lose all the stuff that you pay for because thet wanna go free to play,I want my money!!!\"
76561198027567339,Recommended,215280,34467068,Posted: 24 August,all,denis.tsyplakov,"Возможно лучшая из сюжетный MMORPG за всею историю. Квесты, атмосфера, озвучка, сюжет, окружающий мир, общая атмосфера. Все просто отлично.По сути SWL это рефакторинг TSW, но рефакторинг очень и очень удачный. Крайне рекомендую всем, кто не равнодушен к сюжету.Очень жалею, что по игре не снят сериал."
,Recommended,215280,8744870,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Fisted By A Giraffe,EPIC GET IT BETTER THEN WOW AND WOW IS DIRTY THIS ISNT GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198056770599,Recommended,215280,7857281,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ricebunny2011,Love love love love!!!!
76561198006499694,Recommended,215280,7873537,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Happywolf,Fun game! No Subscription Fee! 1+
,Recommended,215280,17349032,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Melek,Very cool... some of the investigation missions are simply divine.
76561198054525099,Recommended,215280,17719195,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,timothycovenant,This game has it all. Magic. Close quarter combat. Mysterys to pursue. Problems and puzzles to solve. It is everything an MMO should be.
76561197961880898,Recommended,215280,18735864,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Browser_ice,"Thought it would be cool to play an RPG where you don't have the usual MOBs and environment as most of them out there.  But after a while, I started getting bored. I did not have any fun factor in it. Felt more like a do this, do that, grind this, grind that.  I might get back to it one day.  But if you want something different, then yes I recommend it."
76561198253020536,Recommended,215280,33100357,Posted: 1 July,all,jwyatt994,Is this the orginal secret world or the re-release??
76561198011555790,Recommended,215280,33981842,Posted: 2 August,all,Rexy,"I'm a returning player from TSW to SWL.I love this game for it's incredible universe and story and find it to be unique among multiplayer games. I'm sure it's not the most user friendly or technically proficient game out there but, by golly, is there a lot to like. I absolutely recommend this game to anyone to try and, as it's free to play, it won't cost you a cent to try. There does come a time in the game where it gets grindy and paying will improve that experience but that is probably at least 50 hours in, and by that stage surely they've earned a bit of your hard earned?Brief note on the hate...I understand that a lot of people loved the old game and don't like the changes. I can especially understand it if you had sunk money into the old game to the point were you had all the content and didn't have to pay any more. For someone in that position it would be grating to have to start again and pay for things you already had. That being said this game is NOT heavily gated behind P2W mechanics.If you want to progress through the story and enjoy it, run some 3 player dungeons and hit end game you can absolutley do this without paying a cent and you'd barely notice the pay gates, although patron does make this experience more smooth. The end game grind is real but you're not actually missing out on content by not being at a certain level so at some point people are complaining that 'it takes too long to make my numbers go up'.I think the changes implemented are for the best and do assist in new people getting into the game. I'm sure that if the relaunch is successful Funcom are likely to introduce a secondary system to make combat more complex for the end game. So please, encourage the player base and maybe what you loved about TSW will return with begger and better content. It seems worth it to me!"
,Recommended,215280,23924325,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ak,I like it
,Recommended,215280,14803550,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Twitch.TV/Emperor_Maciek,By far THE LONGEST mmorpg I have ever played. you will enjoy your JOURNEY thoroughly.DREAMFALL.
,Recommended,215280,8159500,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Alyciae Firebranded,Best mmo I have ever played.
,Recommended,215280,8828724,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,MH Silver,its a good game
,Recommended,215280,13503912,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,TauXV9,Amazing game kind of like a Supernatural MMO
,Recommended,215280,28820636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Smarty,It's good.
,Recommended,215280,24917993,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ko1337,"GREAT game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mmo. Best questing experience and story of any MMO I've played so far."
,Recommended,215280,7851981,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,isthatTAY,"Easy recommendation. I really enjoyed this game, it is very unique for a MMO and the story was well done - Lots of content to keep you playing. However, the endgame game play isn't easy to break into, groups are unnecessarily elitist, leaving long queue times, and ultimately the reason I rarely play now.For the price,  0 - end game was well worth it."
76561198012283702,Recommended,215280,8117864,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bob,I never gave this game a shot until recently... and wow; it's actually amazing.
,Recommended,215280,7542912,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Josh is the biggest Cuccck,One Of My Favorite MMO's. Its Does Not Hold You By The Hand Like Other MMO's And Its Full Of Mind Flexing Puzzles. Also All The Mythology In The Game Is Based Of Real Myths Making You Learn About Different Myths As You Play! Amazing Game. Amazing.
76561197963398042,Recommended,215280,7871384,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Nain,"This one is special. Its more of a story based RPG then an actual MMO while questing. And while there are things like dungeone, hard open areas (lairs) and monsters that hit like trucks, everything is managable solo with a little tweaking on your abilities and gear.Which is probably its biggest strenght (besides the obvious audio visual fidelity and the fantastic story). There are no classes to choose from, instead you have the ability wheel to spend points into while you gain experience. No levels either (though you can relie on your gear quality to be your bog standard mmo level equivalent). Everyone can become everything over time and you can swap your deck (your set of 7 active and passive skills you choose) whenever you like a change.Endgame, or the traditional mmo grindfest for gear, are the dungeons, which come in 3 flavours. Normal mode while leveling, Elite mode while entering the last three areas, and Nightmare mode for people that like serious challenge.There are some raids in there too, and as of issue 8 (the latest big dlc patch) the new scenario system. Which is basicly solo/group oriented defend objective gameplay with a little horde mode thrown into. They intend to release new modes for this one over time. Its a nice little change in playstyle if you dont want to grind dungeons for gear. And with the new augment system that came with it, a nice little incentive to play those scenarios to further increase your toons power.If you love a nice story and deep customisation for your toon, then this game wont dissapoint. Its not your ""wow-clone"" type of game like RIFT or that star wars one. This here is more mature (until you see all those half naked girls with chainsaws most people tend to play) in terms of content and style. This one is special.It has its fair share of annoyances though. Loading times are somewhat longer then usual, frames tend to drop when theres an open world event with 200 people cramping at the same spot trying to kill an big boss and sometimes the controls feel sluggish, and there really is not much in terms of pvp to brag about. 3 maps with each having a different mode, but nothing really special about it.Id recommend it in a heartbeat, especially if you like to quest alone to immerse yourself in the story of a mmorpg (or any other crpg)!"
,Recommended,215280,8117871,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Kreegrr,Pure zombie appocalypse fun!
,Recommended,215280,7901981,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Fenr1r,"An amazing experience. The start is a bit of a grind, at least back when I played it. However, once you get past the initial starting zone, and you start really realizing what an amazing amount of freedom you have when chosing how to progress your character, the game really opens up. Would definitely recommend if you want a fantastic MMO with a dark and gritty style that acctually challanges you and refuses to treat the player as an idiot."
,Recommended,215280,2481591,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,[N63] chrisragnar,"Very well made quests, really like the investigation quests. Combat is not the most fun, pretty classic MMO combat. Great too wrap your head around with one or more friends. Not a great Solo game."
76561198006529957,Recommended,215280,7887240,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,CrazyC,This game is hard but not bad. Its no World of Warcraft mind you. But I guess you get what you pay for. I'd recommend it but only during a sale.
,Recommended,215280,7890594,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lost Princess,"my second real MMO i've played, i've yet to get everything down, but i do like how the characters and the worlds look, and there are some great people to meet. :D"
,Recommended,215280,27713933,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,alyssa edwards,it's ok
76561198164362305,Recommended,215280,22548245,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Bearded Dude,"İ bought this game but I couldn't even play ! The page gives ""fatal error about latest patch"" ? What should i do ? Please someone help me ! İ want to play this game..."
,Recommended,215280,20517352,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Eden,When did I buy this and why???
76561198116100712,Recommended,215280,19245307,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,flamingswor5,Such an amazing game! Especially the whole storyline and the graphics and gameplay... AMAZING!
76561198002911957,Recommended,215280,9023636,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,LORD OF THE HARVEST,"Update:My old review was for the old TSW. So let me say what has been kept. First, Secret World Legends offers a unique atmosphere that is criminally underutilized. It draws from myths and legends from our world as well as stories (Cthulhu-esque monsters) and lets you play in a world where those things aren't myths and legends...but what goes bump in the night.The community is friendly, though you will find some displeased with the new direction, and the story covers a broad over arching plot as well as sub plots within each zone. 3 factions that aren't very different from one another but does give you a little extra character. Do you prefer fighting monsters for the good of humanity? Templars. What about keeping the balance in the world? Dragons. What about self serving strength is power? Illuminati.Character customization isn't the deepest around but it generally does an ok job offering a breadth of options.Quests are broken up into investigations, main and sub. Sub quests are quick missions of sorts with a self contained story. Some are interesting while others are run of the mill. Main quests generally have a cinematic of sorts and are multi step. Investigations are my favorite as they challenge you to look inside and outside the game to solve them. Sure you can cheat online, but 90% of the fun of investigations is to figure out morse code or read a passage in the Bible or other text for the next hint.Now to the new.Combat is streamlined and less imposing. It isn't as deep as the wheel but it isn't as cumbersome and they also cut off the fat of the many useless abilities. Now you select a ""class"" (a pairing of two weapons so one might be sledgehammer and shotgun and another elemental magic with blood magic) and you have two trees to upgrade.The first tree gives you your activating abilities on your toolbar (which is now limited to about 6 keys essentially for your weapons) and the second tree is geared towards stat boosts and passives that work in conjunction with your abilities.Each weapon has a different mechanic. Claws/fists uses a charge up mechanic where you build it up and once reaching a certain point you can unlock (if you have the ability set) a berserker mode for damage or an uber healing mode. It lasts for a short amount of time and is a burst class.Rifles have a mechanic where you will randomly get access to grenade that are more powerful if you wait to shoot them. beware though, holding on too long will hurt you! A third example is the elemental magic where you have a heat mechanic. Shooting fireballs builds heat, they get more powerful the higher your heat is but again you don't want to overheat so make sure to occasionally cast some ice magic to lower it.Dungeons have been streamlined down so it isn't as much of a hassle in other MMO style games. The game also features a store concept where you can purchase with in game or real cash currency items, keys, cosmetics and speed boosts.You can gain in game currency by completing missions, killing mobs and completing daily missions (which is essentially complete X main missions, X side missions, kill 1 mobs and upgrade X times).So keys...keys are used to unlock certain loot boxes (think loot crates from TF2). Their are also keys to run dungeons, PvP and to unlock loot found in dungeons. To me this is probably the largest issue I have with the game. It creates a difficult barrier that keeps new players from doing dungeons and engaging in some of the other aspects of the game.You do get a set amount of keys a day to do such things though so they don't force you to purchase them so much as you have to wait until the next day. In a way the new free to play model is similar to the Star Wars MMO (which is a model I'm not a fan of).They lessened the grind for the most part which is huge and added a reticle based targeting system which you will love or hate. I personally was fine with the previous tab system and I'm also fine with the reticle.Ultimately, if you never gave the game a try I recommend you do now. If it seems daunting at first just stick with it. The graphics are kind of dated but still look nice, the atmosphere and concept is just mind blowingly fun and you get the feeling of progression much more quick than you did in the previous version.If you do decide to give it a try and you feel overwhelmed, post a comment here I'd be more than happy to hook up with you in game to give you a hand.J'ai fini"
,Recommended,215280,8776345,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[RD] Kura_VII,Got it in a sale with 66% off. Its a decent RPG a lot of game for the money. It would work a lot better as a single player RPG as the other players only seem to ever get in your way.
76561198146501366,Recommended,215280,23442866,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sir ScrubLord,"Ill be honest, Im no fan of mmo's. But this one did catch my eye, content wise. It has more than any mmo Ive seen so far and thats worth. But for $30... it is not. I bought this game in high hopes paying for such amount was going to be worth. In my opinion it is not, for several reasons. Im not too great at reviewing, but I will say I am gonna try to get a refund.I reccomend this for the people with either no lives or love all MMOs. Youll love it then.Cons-1. Slow gameplay.2. Some levels of p2w but not much.3. lies about being a non-typical MMO4. there is classes, its the weapon types. Another lie.5. Boring solo, and you basically need a friend or 3 at times otherwise youll get lost in a puzzle or will have to grind for a whole 2 days to kill a enemy.6. $30 DOLLARS ? NAH. Id rate it a 20 max.Theres more but I dont wanna bash a game too hard. And oh i can with this. But lets get on the good parts.Pros:1. Fantastic artwork in my opinion.2. skill tree is alright, better than most.3. The community is good, some will help you level, do quests, and go through dungeons. Mostle helpful. (Some will be trolling aswell.)4. Lots of content, like quite  a damn bit. They sure put work in that.5. Easy and customizeable design of Hud and easy to use systems.6. If on sale for anything less than 30 dollars. GET IT. comes with free month membership which is how long youll play it.7. Some pretty hard quests and some that are new for any MMO. Like puzzles that you literally have to google details, become a detective, and wander far to figure out.Overall 6/10 for me not liking most MMOs, and a easy 8.5/10 for people who like them."
76561197988749956,Recommended,215280,18331585,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ultrazen,"TLDR:  Go buy this game right now.I came way late to the party to The Secret World, and I'm sorry I did.   This is not only one of the best MMOs ever made, it's one of the best games ever made.  The quality of the quests alone is enough to warrent a purchase, especially now that it's F2P.  In no particular order, why you should buy this game immediately.1.  Character building.  If you like tinkering with characters, this game is like crack.  You can choose any combination of skills and passives at any time, save the build, and switch between them pretty much instantly.  This is a character tinkerers dream.  Once again, worth buying the game *just* for this.2.  The quests.  I'm not usually much one for quests, and I tend to find them boring, poorly thought out and/or written, or really flimsly excuses to get you to go pick up 10 bear asses.  This is the first MMO I've played where I look forward to the next quest string.  The writing is superb, not just for a video game, but in any context.  The voice work is also outstanding.  The game is intelligent, and funny, a great combination.3.  The world.  The game world is really fantastic, and draws you in to the setting very well.  It's easy to suspend disbelief and really buy in to the world.4.  The QUESTSSSSSSSS.  They are so good, and so varied.  There are so many different kinds of quests....it's...amazing really.  There are more good quests in this game than all other MMOs combined in the history of MMOs, and that's not hyperbole, I've played most of them.5.  The challenge.  Both from a combat perspective, and a using your nogging perspective.  You actually have to think in this game to solve some things.  You also have to pay attention to what you're doing and how you're buidling your character.  Random run of the mill quest mobs can and will kill you if you don't pay attention.  I love that.  It's not so hard that it's frustrating, but it's hard enough that it keeps you engaged, unlike every other MMO that more or less lulls you to sleep while leveling.  Leveling in this game is *FUN*....gasp.This game is an absolute steal at 10 times the price, once again, not hyperbole.  Why this hasn't gotten more attention, I'll never know.  Maybe it's too smart for people?  I dont' get it....  This game is amazing, and by far my favorite MMO for ages, and close to being my favorite of all time.This game is in my top 10 games of all time right now, not just MMOs, but anything.  I'm shocked at how good this is, and how little attention it's gotten.  Everyone that is even remotely interested in character progression games should own this."
76561197968606536,Recommended,215280,18280645,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,▼,"this is the only mmorpg with really good quest system. There is NO, no other mmorpg with such a questing.Swotor? Swotor my♥♥♥♥♥ Secret world is so much better than this star wars game. Everyone who playedboth games know this. I love star wars but gameplay wise TSW is better.You call should give this game a try who never tryed it. Its unique in many ways"
,Recommended,215280,18661407,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,I started this game 3 times... I quit three times after 40 hours... there's a deadzone in the progression that just kills it for me... hard to describe...
76561198122727723,Recommended,215280,18524851,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Zed,One of the best mmos around.
76561198086106459,Recommended,215280,20038536,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Templa,The Secret World [TSW] is an MMORPG that has a great Storyline. At least thats what i felt. =)Due to my lack of obedience to the publishers rules i unfortunately got banned.But nevertheless i can recommend this game to anyone that is looking for an  MMORPG in a mystery setting that even brings actually challenging riddles to solve.If you do not play for maximum progression you got a really big varienty of skill -and weaponcombinations to choose from and if you are the type who want's to minmax there is enough research material and guids or theory chrafters out there to give you the most efficient build for the things you are doing.
76561197991206366,Recommended,215280,9078612,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Xxamiss,Nice game  for all fans of White Wolfs World of Darkness setting and atmosphere.
,Recommended,215280,30371282,Posted: 7 March,all,hotboy229,"A rather unique experience, I highly suggest playing it. This MMO does a lot of things right."
,Recommended,215280,18851876,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Jazz,"(Don't let my playtime fool you, I've only spent about 8-10 real hours playing.)I've just recently gotten back into this game after a long hiatus and I've never really examined an mmo in such a way as I have with this one. I guess I'll just start:1. The game definitely scores well when asked about its battle system and variety. There are plenty of skills to mix and match to create a versatile and powerful character.2. Time = Success. Like most games, the only way you'll prosper is by spending time in the game and really cracking down on how you build your character.3. EXPLORATION/MYSTERY. It may seem trivial as I continue to explain this, but this game has a special component that makes it stand out when compared to other MMOs. Mystery Solving. Although some aren't very difficult to piece together, it takes a bit more effort than just simply reaching a destination to complete a quest. You must closely examine objects you receive during quests to complete certain puzzles correctly.----------A short but sweet review. I am still actively playing this and I will change my review as I further experience the game."
,Recommended,215280,20539785,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lee of Cleef,"Combat is crap, but the stories, puzzles and atmosphere of the game make more then up for it."
76561198108739931,Recommended,215280,23310872,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,CaptainRedWolf,"I love this game, so much fun!! Its challenging and often downright difficult, but its unlike any other MMO I've ever played!"
,Recommended,215280,29872051,Posted: 12 February,all,Scattaclysm,"Such good writing, such great puzzles, such a terrible UI, such old fashioned combat."
76561198076738438,Recommended,215280,29908387,Posted: 13 February,all,DEATHISREAL,First off 350 hrs spent and still not done!!! Love this game with the different aspects that it brings to traditional MMO's. There are so many different classes and skills sets that you can really change how you play the gmae to how you look. It's a small company that runs the game and a good group that still maintains the community. Which is friendly compared to others out there (DOTA-sneer) Have no shortage of content if you buy the memership for life which is steep but the content and story makes up for it. There is again no shortage of content or skill building inthis game. Is there a end game? Yes and brings more to the table.The lore and backstory to this game is one that everyone should read and playthrough at lest once.Again 350hrs and still playing. Just check it out before deciding to go full membership. (no subscriptions for full membership and FREE stuff to boot)
,Recommended,215280,20322349,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Hudscn,This game is alot of fun to play allways somethink new around the corner
76561198077234778,Recommended,215280,20538699,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,NightDancer,"I usually dont comment the game unless i did spend at least 50 hours in it, but im gonna make exception here.If this is your first mmorpg dont even try it cos after 1 hour in the game you'll end up writing negative review.BUTIf you are mmorpg veteran and you know what to expect from the mmorpgYOU WIll GET-Atmosphere like Morrowind-Beautiful like Oblivion-Story telling and quests like Skyrim-Huge open World like ESOTry it and you will never look back."
76561198060633768,Recommended,215280,18356776,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Körssi♛,Veri najs
76561198060513266,Recommended,215280,15622110,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,HDZ,interessant
76561198163211851,Recommended,215280,16803740,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,RBreezyIII,This is a very underrated MMOG it  is beautifully done and not your run of the mill typical elves and orcs mmog either. The game has a modern setting which is refreshing to say the least and also there are no levels. This is not the type of game you play and worry about grinding to catch up with the vetern player base. I  seriously recommend buying this game if you are looking for a change of pase from all the other MMOG's out there.
,Recommended,215280,11442761,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,§GσdlψЅλτλπιςX§,"One of the best... if not the best mmorpg i have ever played. Definitely a game to try!!!EDIT: ... Still the best mmorpg I have ever played, its got tactical and strategy situations, character development is very vast and there are at least 300+ different builds for tanking, dps, support, medic, etc, also it is updated quite often and there are new players joining all the time.BUT.... best of all it never ever EVER gets boring!!! there are way too many  things to do o theres never a dull moment, which compels you to keep playing... which in my opinion bumps it to 1st place.=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=SPOILERS=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=I dont know why I marked this section as spoilers... even if I keep talking for an hour I still wouldnt even scratch the surace of this games amazing storyline.So... you start with one of 3 factions in this game, Dragon, Illuminati and Templar. The faction you are in only makes a difference when it comes to boosts and buffs which changes dependiing on how your faction does in PvP. You also choose 2 wapons from a selection of 9 different kinds of weapons (3 Melee, 3 Ranged and 3 Magic), although you are limited to 2 weapons at a time there is no rectriction on how many weapons you choose to master ... meaning that there is a huge lot of customizing available and choosing the right 2 weapon combo is all up to you ...(I suggest Assault Rifle and dual pistols for beginners :D). Each weapon has active abilities and Passive abilities which you can chose from but you can only have 7 active and 7 passive abilities equiped at once, but there are over 40+ different actives and passives for each weapon which makes character development very very interesting. You can also import and export your builds or other builds from different players and this is an in game feature not a mod. So players can share thier builds with each other. PvE builds and PvP builds can be the same but usually they differ a lot. I usually tank in PvP and my builds for PvE are vastly diferent, they might have the same weapons but totally different actives and passives. You can find a lot of good builds for PvE online but PvP builds are not so easy to find, players who do well in PvP want to keep it that way so hardly anyone shares good PvP builds but I guess thats expected. What makes this weapons customizing even more awesome is that you are not limited to the passive abilities of the weapons you have equipped, for ex: If I have chaos magic and elemental magic equipped (good weapons for intermediate players) I can equip a passive ability of assualt rifles which increases accuracy even when no assualt rifles are equipped. SO ... I guess you kinda see why i said it never gets boring... but this isnt even the tip of the iceberg lol. After weapon abilities comes armor/armour. The armor aka talismans you can equip come in levels, so level 1 talimans <lvl2 talismans<lvl3 and so on. But its not so simple as that, there are different lvl 1 talismans with varying stats. To equip higher lvl talismans you have to master the lvl in your skills table first. Same is for equipping higher lvl weapons. There isnt a character lvl system, but rather a stat based system. And your stats get affected by weapons and talismans. The higher the lvl, the better the stats. Doing missions grants you 2 different kinds of points, AP which is ability points and SP which are skill points.  To unlock wepon active&passive abilities you need AP. To increase the lvl of weapons or talismans you can equip you need SP. Generally AP is gained faster than SP but that kind of balances out as you progress in the storyline. I suggest that when using SP, focus on talismans first then weapons and there are 2 different streams for weapons, max out one stream first then move on to the next because if you spend SP equally on the streams, you might have both streams at lvl 5 lets say, you will only be able to equip lvl 5 weapons even though the total amount of SP spent, if spent on one stream only, would allow you to equip a lvl 7 or lvl 8 weapon. But in the end its up to the players as to how to spend thier AP and SP :D. Lastly, for weapon customizing, you can greatly impact your stats by glyphs. Glyphs are an accessory for weapons and talismans. There are tons of different glyphys that each have different stats that can be applied to the weapon or to you (talismans).Sooooo.... that was JUST weapons and that was a brief explanation :P. Theres quite a lot more to weapons, talismans and glyphs but this should be enough to get you started. Moving on to other things I love about this game... Crafting. Not a lot off players like crafting in the beginning of the game but thats only because its not easy getting materials early on. But you can craft any weapon, talisman or glyph as long as you have the materials. But crafting is a little different in The Secret World. You dont just click craft and voila the equipment is crafted, thats boring. Luckily we have a way more interesting crafting process which you will learn very early on in the game so im not gonna type up another essay to explain that, just know... they found a way to make crafting fun :D.PvP: PvP is again a lot of fun. There are 3 different battlefields you can fight on and each has completely different set of rules and objectives. So its not just 1v1 or team battles. The following site can explain PvP briefly or in detail a lot better than I ever could so make sure to check it out,https://forums.thesecretworld.com/showthread.php?60445-PvP-101-The-Beginner-s-Guide-to-TSW-s-PvP.Theres so much more I can talk about, relating to this game but it would all be but words you are reading, If you really want to know what the game is like you should play it :D. The cost is so meager compared to content of the game and its just a one time fee. Also theres no kind of pay to win scheme. The only thing ive ever bought from the store is boosts. Other than boosts theres not much that money can buy to give you an edge over others which is the biggest selling factor in my opinion. I wont deny that there are other mmorpgs with similar characteristics but I am positive that The Secret World is one of the very few (I can count them on both hands) that combine all these amazing features into one very very very amazing game :)If anyone needs any help dont hesitate to send me a message here on steam on in game (IGN: NexisX)"
76561198138431503,Recommended,215280,16431521,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sundusk,"the best,most original and most mature mmo i play in my life"
76561197972186242,Recommended,215280,13597065,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,HAMsmith,Great MMO with deep skill mechanics and great lore/story.
,Recommended,215280,13649006,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kumoa,Great game set in modern times that breaths a much needed breath of fresh air into the MMO world. Funcom has done it again with this game. Well worth it. Graphics are stunning. Combat while very familiar does have it's moments of difference. Overall a very well designed game.  Great Playability. Check it out!
76561198085540651,Recommended,215280,14100358,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SIlentAmarok,THis game isn't scary but very confusing. Is still kinda fun though.
76561198023663122,Recommended,215280,13426767,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,zhern.the.vulture,"I loved parts of TSW.  The lore is great, and the quests are some of the most interesting that I've ever played.  Some of them were genuinely moving, or laugh-out-loud funny.  The investigation quests are unlike anything that I've ever played before.  All of these things basically made for a fabulous single-player game.  I played that game, and loved it.  I'll probably pick up the various expansion packs as they're released, and play the new content.  The mmo parts... are not so good.  The Dungeons are ""meh"" and the pvp combat is dull and grindy.  I could never bring myself to play the raid content, because I'm allergic to grinding.  The single-player aspects of the game are good enough, however, that it's absolutely worth buying and playing."
,Recommended,215280,12033571,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Ekso,Really awesome graphics and story but combat is boring and even the skills are extremely similar from one weapon to the next
,Recommended,215280,11923975,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,=[wLrs]=BIG JACK FTW,Loks great but ive played 13 hours and have yet to launch the game
,Recommended,215280,11757487,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Frog,Dont Pay This Game If You Dont Like To Grind A LOTBut If You Like To Grind Well This Is The Game For You
,Recommended,215280,8643225,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Volanna,"If you want an MMO with storyline that will keep you playing, and not just dropping off, get this. The story is amazing and the cutscenes keep me playing."
76561198120787139,Recommended,215280,11411875,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Infinite,"This game is definitely my favorite MMORPG on steam. The Secret World brings new and refreshing things to an MMORPG. I love how there is no subscriptions, diffrent ways to customize your character, and how you can choose from Magic (Chaos, Blood, Elemental), Guns (Assualt Rifles, Shotguns, Pistols), then Melee (Blades, Hammers, Fist) for what you want to use for a weapon. Or you can choose all of one of each. I was sketchy about this game at first just by the way I haven't heard of it and how I have heard mix things about this game from other people. This game does have its rough edges with some places you go to are way to hard to do by yourself, hint you have to help this character named Carter that likes to kill you with fire, then how you can have sudden lag spike then your game will just crash on you or just bug out. But that doesnt happen too often and it is just an easy fix. Overall I love this game and I also reccomned to play with friends, its just easier and way more fun. My rating for this game is an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,215280,11438229,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Minigoth,Combat and deeply literate puzzles. Rich storylines with spot on perfect voice acting.  This may be my favorite game to date.
76561198020870757,Recommended,215280,8466707,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jet Jaguar,Much wowSo coolWowDo enjoy5.5 out of 5
,Recommended,215280,10967148,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lma,Zombies!!!
76561198007545808,Recommended,215280,13604562,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,pac19,"Far and away the best MMO.An xp system that rewards creativity and doesn't punish mistakes.Quests that are varied and interesting.Voice-acting of the highest calibre and cutscenes and lore that make me care for the world and its inhabitants.A combat system that encourages you to always keep moving and adapt your strategy to the opponent.A diffuculty curve that leaves all but dungeons and raids (barely) soloable, but leaves every single fight enough of challenge that death is never far absent.And this game has no hidden charges or pay to win elements AT ALL., took me 400 hours !!! before I bought an expansion.Easily one of my all time favorite games, whether played solo or with friends."
,Recommended,215280,17611012,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Fogwoman,"This game is about the story. Such an awesome story. And puzzles, oh my. This game requires you to research everything from Hebrew alphabet to Egyptian mythology, translate Romanian, research pharmaceuticals...and so much more. Very dark horror themes. Play this long enough you WILL dream about it. And you will catch yourself humming the music. Especially a certain Lullaby. This is a damned smart game, and I love it.Mechanics - the combat doesn't suck. There are way better combat mechanics out there, and if that is a primary issue for you then you probably want to keep walking. The deck system is nicely complex and lets the biggest control freak and stats fan have hours of fun putting together builds. But when you hit Issue #8 in Venice they added a new mechanic that is really grind heavy and then becomes essentially useless when you hit Tokyo. I suspect player retention would improve if they stripped that out completely. The scenarios are a fun mechanic and nice for grinding for purple gear but don't spend a lot of time on the augment business - just get to Tokyo where the most recent mechanic kicks in.Game stability has been really good for me, plenty of tutorials and info out there from the player community and you WILL need those.So if you love a great story and some compelling content this is your game."
,Recommended,215280,17391128,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,A_Atrax,I love this game. I dont normally play RPG's but I LOVE horror games. This game mixed something I love with something that I dont really do much of. I thank Funcom for making this game. It feels almost as if it was made for me.
,Recommended,215280,17410331,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Unsterbliche,"One of the best MMO's I've seen,  Mature players, New game play, more than hack n' slash.  The game was made to use outside sources on purpose and to think about what you've seen to figure out puzzles.  Brilliant"
76561198089150668,Recommended,215280,14299707,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BluePanda,i have wanted this game since i saw it a few years ago finally got it and it is the only game that has made me want to play trough every mission i see to find out small pieces of the story .meanwhile im 60 hours in and just barely beat the first story mission 10/10 would do again  totally buy and play this game <3
76561198093285773,Recommended,215280,27867116,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vandan1842,I haven't been everywhere yet but recently I been at the haunted mansion in the blue mountain.  The attic sounds are so freaky.  Especially if your playing at night in the dark. Lol.  This game has alot of realism to it
,Recommended,215280,10426893,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,T H E B A F F,mmo real world sci-fi abillities and templars illuminati and dragons
,Recommended,215280,10413284,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Grimdork,there is a vendor in London who will sell you hot sauce so hot that if you drink enough of it you will die
,Recommended,215280,13823602,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Gabenfoodle,"This game is the bane of my existance. I want to love it, I really do. But I just never get into it. Anyway, its one of, if not, the best MMORPG on the market, besides WoW, but just keep in mind you may not love it."
76561198023507159,Recommended,215280,15097814,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,the.grognard,I love this game.It's both nothing new and yet a breath of fresh air in the MMO game-space.Welcome to the Secret World...
76561198020403048,Recommended,215280,14770113,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,FungusShobs,"Good game, interesting story."
76561198027678260,Recommended,215280,14993309,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,CrazyeyeMack,"Very good MMO, but of course its not a ""WOW Killer"" by any means.Controls are good, the Skill tree takes a minute or two to figure out."
,Recommended,215280,15011891,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,dyannenova,The combat system is fun and versatile. The storyline is interesting. I love the investigation missions; the encouragement to use google just as a real operative might is an awesome game mechanic.
,Recommended,215280,15084225,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Rayden☆✪,Yes!!!
76561198064628132,Recommended,215280,13798139,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,WindowsXP,haven't played the game yet but the launter is dank 8/8 m8
,Recommended,215280,9741141,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Memphistopheles,Highly recommend playing this game. :D
,Recommended,215280,9892783,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Bailey,p fun
,Recommended,215280,17685801,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Porrim,Machine guns heal. Sense logic no make.
,Recommended,215280,26347266,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Stone,"If the game is on sale like it is now for $9.. I'd say this game is worth it. The story is a little confusing but you can tell they put there very best into it. The combat is just like any other MMORPG except for the class choices which are diverse and interesting. I would have to disagree with buying this game for the price of $30... it just seems like too much (especially if the DLC are priced at $5-$25 each) The game is different and that's what i find enjoyable about it.WARNING: If you are thinking about getting a refund and meet the limit of being under 2 hours to get a refund, know this. Even when the game is closed, it runs an app relating to the game in the backround. This causes steam to believe that the game is still open when it is not. Your hours WILL go up and you may go over the 2 hour limit. This is what happened to me and why i have 15 hours at this moment. (I should really have 3-4 hours but the little backround app was running while i was away and increased my hours causing me to not be able to get a refund... although this may just be my problem, always check that steam doesn't say your still in game once you have closed it.)Also, Team dragon :P"
76561198022183279,Recommended,215280,23563595,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[RHFE] Zalanore,"2nd best MMO I've ever played after Warframe. I love this game and just keep coming back to it. It's like my safety blanket of MMOs. Reliable, and comforting. That is until all the monsters try to bite my face off. :)"
,Recommended,215280,13954919,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Matadon,"Great atmosphere, huge content, best 20 bucks I ever spent."
76561198044727548,Recommended,215280,32286008,Posted: 9 June,all,xtwentyfour,"This is a fun game.  It's different but I like it.  A lot of puzzles are in this game so it requires you to think opposed to go to point b and kill a dragon.  But the storyline is pretty good and the factions are cool.  I think this is a better pve than pvp MMO.  It's in my top 5 MMO's but it all depends what your looking for.  Can be frustrating at timess, but hey if all else fails google."
,Recommended,215280,33301872,Posted: 5 July,all,GusGalaxy,"What can I truly say other than I love this game, and that it's one of my all time favorites! From the visual style, to the thrilling themes, and everything in between, it's an ageless legend in it's own right, one that I have been following for a very long time, and I plan to continue to do! It will always be a social piece among my game collection forever!"
76561198067518550,Recommended,215280,9656918,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,peng1legacy,"Love this game, I definitely need to play it more often."
76561198118516970,Recommended,215280,9687683,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Dwood,"the love this game there not much to say about not liking this game in any way. Brilliant, Epic and Fun."
,Recommended,215280,9690320,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,marshall,"recommended for a fun crazy mmo, that is Free to play"
76561197967355641,Recommended,215280,27543526,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vuohisek,"If this thing was not mmo, this would be my favorite game for ever"
76561197980054291,Recommended,215280,8592891,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lucius Caesar,"While the combat is nothing to write home about, the actual setting is what keeps me coming back. It also helps that all quests are introduced in fully voiced cutscenes, makes the npcs into actual characters and not just quest vending machines.The character progress is also interesting, making it very easy to switch builds if one isn't working for you."
76561198138365130,Recommended,215280,19795025,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,O.G,tons of stuff to do.
,Recommended,215280,20310701,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Foosh,Holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,215280,19950187,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Grymme,Smart game.
,Recommended,215280,18087753,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sinred,Something out of the usual
76561198055507764,Recommended,215280,20629773,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,HOOP JONES!!!,blackie chan was birthed in the secret world then he joined the illuminati 10/10 blackie chan illuminati man
,Recommended,215280,9886690,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,The Beer Baron,Isn't actually secret
76561198043161293,Recommended,215280,22945450,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
,Recommended,215280,26966326,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NotASerialKiller,Hey that's pretty good.
,Recommended,215280,947850,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Otacon オタク,"Its a secret, i cant tell you."
76561197969901062,Recommended,215280,27693284,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Last Gunslinger,No Level Cap. Real World MMO. Cthulu. nuff said.
76561198062482590,Not Recommended,215280,26344965,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Edge Cringe,"Not something for me, it was fun to explore the weapons in the game, but i can't keep up with the story."
76561198042900808,Recommended,215280,12229439,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,n898,"It's your standard themepark hugbox mcgrindfest MMO with terrible hotbar combat and all decent content behind a paywall.However, it is an exceptionally good one of those."
76561197970721419,Recommended,215280,8209275,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,JimHash,Probably the best PVE mmo ever made. Proper missions and quests. Not the kind of mindless trash you see in WOW. This is to fantasy MMOs what EVE online is to Space MMOs.Do not play it if you are a console gamer.
76561197974644306,Recommended,215280,15917164,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,dubqnp,Great alternative to WoW.
,Recommended,215280,19363876,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Luigi (FR),"I wish all MMO were like that.A beautiful diversified, challenging smart MMO. It deserves so much more credit.Funcom bring 3 times more content than so many other MMO. It's my MMO of heart and woudn't play another MMO than this one."
,Recommended,215280,23517514,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Badddger,Happy with this purchase but if you can get it on a sale even better! It's basically a premium kickstart to a really amazing game. Kinda reminds me of SWTOR but horror/paranormal/HP Lovecraft-type genre. Also R Rated story heavy quest gameplay.-This review applies to The Secret World: Ultimate Edition.
76561198050103833,Recommended,215280,23754729,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dredde,"Regarding my play time, I just got the game on steam sale so I could play it here. I got over 2 months of ingame time from before it got added to steam  :)Just wanna say that Ive been an mmo player for over 20 years and played all the big mmos and lots of smaller ones.This game is by far the best mmo ive ever played.- Story, missions, dungeouns, soundtrack, atmosphere are much better then other mmos.- Skill tree, combat, graphics, content, clothing chooises are on par with the other good mmos out there.Absolutly love this game :)"
76561198077874947,Recommended,215280,12270764,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,JDKeyes67,Best MMO
76561198050283773,Recommended,215280,22637032,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Hohenheim,Strongly reccomend!
76561198141831941,Recommended,215280,22612526,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,mathew scissor hands ( ͡° ͜ʖ,fun
76561198083060022,Recommended,215280,22619957,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Russell Murfee,This game has grown quite a bit since it first released. I played beta and was not impressed. I am really enjoying this game now. I've played about 25 hours as of this writing and have enjoyed it.
,Recommended,215280,22571170,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Jay,"This game does questing better than any other MMO, and it's a very refreshing world. I always come back to check it out."
76561198022213038,Recommended,215280,22632756,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bo,really good mmo dont know why i never got this earlier
76561198040235245,Recommended,215280,4643178,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,M.,"very atypic MMO ambiance is dark, storytelling mature... Enjoy"
,Recommended,215280,17057515,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,masanya,"Вам надоели типичные ВоВ и Линейка?Хотите увидить что-то интерестное и новое в mmorpg?Тогда Вам в The secret world.Действие разворачивается в современном мире,это один из самых важных моментов.Представьте, что каждый миф, каждая теория заговора и каждая городская легенда – правда. Вообразите реальность, в которой вампиры охотятся на живых людей в модных лондонских клубах, где в канализации под Сеулом рыскают оборотни, а в темных закоулках Нью-Йорка обитает нежить. Таков мир многопользовательской ролевой онлайновой игры The Secret World, разрабатываемой компанией Funcom.Вообразите мир где вы можете стать тем, кем вы мечтаете, мир где нет таких ограничений как классы персонажей и уровни.Представьте себе мир, где правительства стран незримо управляются кардиналами из секретных сообществ. В игре The Secret World вы сможете приобщиться к их тайнам. Иллюминати, Драконы и Темплары – каждое общество отстаивает свои интересы и ведет войну с надвигающейся тьмой. В зависимости от того к какому секретному сообществу вы решите присоединиться, ваш игровой персонаж и все ваши впечатления и события в игре будут полностью изменены.ОСОБЕННОСТИ !○Ни классов, ни уровней – только полная свобода. В The Secret World нет ни классов, ни уровней. Вы можете стать кем угодно и играть так, как вам хочется.○Узнаваемые страны. Действие The Secret World разворачивается в современном мире. Исследуйте города и участвуйте в приключениях на различных континентах!○Вступайте в тайное общество и сражайтесь под его флагами. Пополните ряды ордена Иллюминатов (Illuminati),              Драконов (Dragon) или Храмовников (Templars), чтобы сражаться против других игроков (или плечом к плечу с ними) за власть над миром.○Потрясающий сюжет, какого еще не было у MMO. Над игрой работает гениальный Рагнар Торнквист (Ragnar Tørnquist) – автор The Longest Journey.○Тысячи единиц оружия и множество специальных возможностей. Пистолеты, штурмовые винтовки, черная магия, катаны, взрывчатка – вас ждет множество видов оружия и особых приемов.P.S:Игра стоит своих денег."
,Not Recommended,215280,30627247,Posted: 19 March,all,ViciouZTrickster,"This game is absolutely infuriating words cannot describe how fustrated and annoyed at this gamefirst the website is absolutely useless. Point blank useless if you try and change you're password for the game IT WILL DO ABSOLUTELY NADA, NOTING!!!!! It doesn't change the password for in-game which fustrates me because With MY OWN PASSWORD that I put it a year before it decides to deny so basically I just got ripped off and no matter how many attempts or how hard I try to get back into my account it will deny me every god damn time, I even tried the password THAT THE COMPANY ITSELF GENERATED FOR ME and it ♥♥♥♥ing denied it, This game is the worst for customer support and its a waste of game concept the customer service is the worst in the god damn universe My local Half a star walmart has WAAAAAAAAY better customer service than this ♥♥♥♥ing game and over there I get harrassed and insulted with various names that I will not go into detail with, I am so disappointed in this company. Very. I even put it in a ticket 5 days later still no answer I am infuriated and NEVER wanna see another Funcom game in my damn library take my warning and take you're money elsewhere. It's a waste of you're time, You're hard earned money, It's a waste of space, and you're life because a year or a month later It will bite you're ♥♥♥♥ing testicles off and deny entry to YOUR account.By the way, Most of the hours on this game was my failed attempts of getting back into my account.MY review WILL not change unless I receive my account back."
76561197985757792,Recommended,215280,27247486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TOG Caius,One of the best MMO out there
,Recommended,215280,16195247,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,theobscurity,Absolutely one of my all-time favorite MMORPGs! The story is incredibly deep and the quests never get boring... at least not so far. Highly recommended.
76561197979099756,Recommended,215280,22731147,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,JazzyJet,"I've been a fan of the game designer/writer since The Longest Journey, and the writing in this is fantastic.  Super imagintive.  One of my favorite games.  This game has puzzles and imagination oozing out of it.  But it takes some patience to play.  And it has a really great mature and hardcore community who love the game.  It's a gem in the world of MMO's.It does have a couple crappy things for me.  The combat just dosn't feel good.   It's clunky, and pvp performance isn't great.  Also there is a web browser in game to use to solve puzzles.  But the web browser closes everytime u load, so it ends up being easier to alt tab all the time.  But when I'm in a game I dont want to have to alt tab.  So either the puzzles could be more solveable or the browser could be better.This game should be enjoyed for it's puzzles, awesome universe, community, and writing."
76561197970435474,Recommended,215280,410591,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Vargas78,"Revisited review, 8/10. It is a great game, everyone who likes adventures and mmorpgs should own a copy! But i hesitate to give it a 9/10 as before. Otherwise i would still be addicted to it, right? Nonetheless the atmosphere is second to none, and the quests include some of the most challenging, you'll learn a thing or two as you reasearch the solutions!Importantly, the game remains fun to play, and music/voice acting, ambience and graphics are great."
76561198003694300,Not Recommended,215280,15750912,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Mick,"Looks like another great MMO, shame that I can't even get into the bloody game because of a case sensitive authentication error that just refuses to be evr solved. What can I do?"
,Recommended,215280,29392138,Posted: 20 January,all,Minnesota Menace,I love this game.  The story was fun and unparalleled.  The environments were amazing.  I just wish more people had caught on.
76561198040563999,Recommended,215280,24838592,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,davidwhitlock44,"One of the most bizarre, yet rewarding mmo's I've ever played."
76561198007496286,Recommended,215280,21631351,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SmileyCyrus,"One thing saddens me about this game, the fact that I didn't start playing it earlier.  Seriously, this is an amazing game, I have been playing other things off and on forever but had I found this game earlier, I can imagine my dilemna in finding something to play would have been non-existant, as this is definitely worthy."
,Recommended,215280,23216650,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Useless,A mmo with an amazing storyline difficult combat and all alround fun gameplay.
76561198089213064,Recommended,215280,26375553,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,darkhorn80,Such a good game.Interesting character development.Fun combat mechanics.Great voice acting.Interesting missions and story.Nice graphics and world locations.9/10!
76561198100917389,Recommended,215280,23338073,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,MasterKnight,love this game
76561198116500501,Recommended,215280,26393577,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,celestialchik,"Absolutely love this game! It's not your average mmo. Forty hours in and I'm nowhere near to getting bored. After playing the trial, purchasing the game was a no-brainer, especially since they've moved to a ""buy once, play forever"" model. I'm so glad a friend introduced me to this game a few years ago. I fully intend to buy several DLC packs as well ^^"
76561198157009385,Recommended,215280,29311411,Posted: 16 January,all,commanderjalc,"As a person who respects mythology, I would recommend this game for any who wants to play for story.The Community here is honest, and very down-to-Earth. Always willing to help, and so far, I've only encountered 1 ""Toxic"" player here out of the time I've played. As for the rest of the ""Bad"" players, some honestly have no idea what to do.Nice to carry a team that's honest with themselves"
,Recommended,215280,23224515,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,*❤Cudal kitty ѕeɴѕeι❤*,Its a fun game with friends
,Recommended,215280,26393897,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,geejayt,"Me & my friend bought this game during there summer steam sale, and it's probably the best decision we ever made, this is a blast to play, if you don't mind having to do lots of side missions - LOTS"
,Recommended,215280,28898591,Posted: 1 January,all,Chuxclub,This MMORPG is the only one which makes you think. For this it deserves all the awards of the video game industry.- A guy who's really fed up with badly written dumb games and who'd like to enjoy better scenarios and gameplay for god's    sake
,Recommended,215280,23303824,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MKNECRO,"I'm not exaggerating when I say The Secret World is the greatest MMO ever made so far. I have to take long breaks to prevent being sucked completely into the incredible world Funcom has created. Not for morons or kids or the uninitiated. This ain't no WoW kids play, most quests/missions require thought, research, and skill instead of mindless grinding.Illuminati, we're watching you.100/10 All hail the Pyramidian."
76561197971394111,Recommended,215280,29266195,Posted: 14 January,all,<DW> Aurelius,I've had this game on my computer from the start and I keep coming back to it.  They stories are the best in any MMO you have ever experienced and the cinematics are fantastic.  They do an absolutely wonderful job of giving you that Cthulhu feeling of a world gone mad for the unclean ones.This is also the best take on the Filth I have ever seen.  Really superb use of that particularly unpleasant aspect of Cthulhu lore.Just a superb game all around.  Try it.  You will be glad you did.
,Recommended,215280,30212036,Posted: 26 February,all,Pixistyx,"It's good. After a certian point the DLC is not worth purchasing. Tokyo is boring and a pain in the butt, I stopped buying the DLC and didn't even finish it out.Find some friends to play with and enjoy the game, challenges, atmosphere, and story."
,Recommended,215280,23259927,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,isthisscience,"This is perhaps the most inventive and engaging MMO out there. Like many, I first played this and treated it like any other MMO. I hit a wall, became annoyed and quit. After coming back for a second try I realised that so long as you get how it is different, and play it slow, it is by far the most rewarding MMO out there. There's nothing bad I could say about it.Aside from its mind-blowingly unique and varied mechanics and flexible play styles the number one thing I adore about this game is the story. It weaves together a diverse band of deep characters in fascinating environments. Each one memorable and multifaceted. I can’t count how many times they’ve made me laugh, shout and cry."
76561198045314216,Recommended,215280,13220068,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,-=Dungeonjay=-,"Secret World is a great MMO with a lot of content to explore.  It has a definitive feel to it unlike any other mmo on the market with challenging and engaging quest lines.The combat system is easy enough to figure out and has a rotation system similar to most mmos.The versatile skill tree allows for you to ""eventually"" branch into every weapon style available.  While allowing for this versatility from the beginning can seem very beneficial it is not something you want to dabble a couple here and there with.  I recommend following a pre-designed path and adhering to it for content quest purposes.Although they are continuing to work on the pvp scene, I find the battlefield clunky and really wish they had set this down as a more traditional pvp field seen in other popular mmos.  The few encounters I ran in it just seemed unfilling to my taste, but everyone should try it out as it may be the style they like.Of the few dungeons I ran it was in my opinion that ranged dps was the most effective after healer/tank.  Melee dps just got aoe'd or engaged way too much to be effective as constantly having to kite out of the way or avoid damage deterred the ability to distribute dps effectively.  However, maybe a ranged/melee hybrid would be effective here and that is very possible in the flexibility granted in your skill tree.If you can hold out to buy the main content on sale I would do that, but it is even worth the full sticker price since this is essentially a buy the game you get the mmo no strings attached situation like guild wars.A lot of reviews will cover everything I just said but not many mention the fact that older gen computers will struggle to run this game.  I rarely find games where the FPS fall below 30 for me, but in this one(on my normal settings) it initially ran at an unplayable 8 FPS until I adjusted down.  My computer isn't old or brand new but a decent gaming machine purchased two years ago.  Like any games you have this trouble with, just lowering the settings will allow you to find a comfortable fps to play at but I imagine any PC four-five years old or more will find this game a nightmare to run so invest in the game wisely.Storyline gets a 9/10Gameplay 8/10PVP 5/10Dungeons/Raids 7/10"
,Not Recommended,215280,30946833,Posted: 4 April,all,Feeltheferret,"I loved The Secret World, however, ""Secret World Legends"" looks like its shaping up to be very, very different and not necessarily in a good way. The lack of transparency in the use of the old game page to create the illusion of so many positive reviews before the new game is even released, is only adding to my doubts...With that said I'm still going to give to give Secret World Legends a go, but I'm already annoyed that I cant transfer any of my characters."
76561197979472247,Recommended,215280,33929036,Posted: 31 July,all,"Holy Fuckles, It's Knuckles","You're going to see a lot of negative reviews.  I'm not telling you to ignore them, but I am going to suggest that, since it's now Free to Play, you try it for a bit before you make a judgement.  Secret World Legends (SWL) is a bit different than what you would expect from an MMO, which is why developer Funcom is trying so hard to avoid calling it one.The first, and most glaring issue that will turn a lot of people off to the game is that, honestly, the rewards for completing content come more from advancing the story and learning the setting than they do from things that may improve your character.  If you like rich settings and deep, interesting content, then that's great, but if you're hoping to take a newer, shineier, deadlier weapon from the last boss you killed, you're probably going to be disappointed.The second issue that may cause a lot of negative reviews is that the game's graphics are feeling their age.  Like the great Phoenix, SWL is reborn from it's predecessor, The Secret World (TSW), and as such, the graphics and engine were, so far, not updated.  Characters still speak without mouth movement sometimes.  There are areas where better lighting might help, or where corners of object meet clunkily.  It's not always pretty, but then, the horror genre never really is.The third issue that may upset people on Steam is that there are actually difficult missions to be found.  As your role is something of a paranormal-investigator, should you choose to not just google mission solutions, some of the investigation missions will have you looking up latin phrases, doing complex math, decoding binary, drawing seance circles on your desk (or wherever), and more.  This is a lot of fun, and rewards thinking outside the box and re-reading mission notes, and searching in-game for clues, but as I mentioned before, the reward is mostly story context.  There was nothing particularly great for me after an hour of trying to spell out latin phrases on a circle of blurry symbols that represented english letters in a random order, and that's really disappointing.The fourth thing (and the last I'm gonna whine about here) is that gear progression slows dramatically after the first act of the game.  Once you leave the third map and go from the United States to Egypt (yes, you do get to travel the world), the gear grind becomes painful.   Those slow-trickling rewards I keep mentioning, they don't improve, and it's not great to do a mission so far into the game and receive a reward that wouldn't have been an improvement back at level 1.  The _reward_ shouldn't be designed to be sold to a vendor, but it is.HOWEVER:Despite the issues above, many of which may yet be addressed by the active and community-aware developers, the game has plenty of places it shines, and you should know about those too before making a decision.The atmosphere is fantastic.  As a supernatural horror game, there is a plethora of content form many different cultures that are plucked from.  You'll deal with zombies, and Bigfoot, deep-ocean terrors, cultists, terorrists, burning bushes, vampires, crazy people, fallen kings, and so so much more.  Much of the early game is dark in both nature and the lack of light, and that lends to a creepy vibe that often made me jump, made me wonder what was around that next corner, and in general gave me more than one ""Wtf was that?"" moments.  I love that a game can make me do that.The combat is fun.  I know some TSW vets aren't thrilled about the reticule combat, but I was using it when it was an option, and it's a nice change from tab targeting.  It feels actiony, and I don't have moments in combat where I just watch health and ignore the scene in front of me while I wait for something to come off cooldown.  Mixing and matching abilities to make my character play how I want is fantastic, and the progression rate to gain ability points seems to be spot on.  I'm always looking forward to getting more Ability Points for the next move I want, but I'm not super-pressured to pay real money to get it sooner.  Paying is an option, but the points do come over the course of doing missions.Gearing is easy to understand.  Yes, it's a grind once you're in blues, and yes it's a bit limited in the variety, and yes there is a Best in Slot for each slot, but unlike many other MMOs I've played, there isn't a huge reliance on crafting or complex patterns to make things that are great for a few levels then start lacking once you hit max.  Gear you level alongside yourself from the start can still be good at the endgame, and that's not awful.  Just unrewarding.The missions aren't boring.  I mean, they are _eventually_ if you repeat some of the early ones ad nauseum, but there are usually missions with more things to do than killing 5 of that area's level-adjusted wolves.  I'll take ""climb the gas station to retrieve the tape from the surveillance camera"" over the wolf-pelt quest any day.  Then the mission-givers themselves are never generic, and the voice work is pretty freaking good.  I like meeting the NPCs and seeing what I can do for them.The dungeons are fun.  There could be more, and the new level requirements kind of force them to become repetitive since there's often only one at a time you're in range for in story mode.  But, they're fun.  Most of them are boss-to-boss, without a lot of mob grinding, and the bosses are generally tactial and requre situational awareness and more effort than just tank-and-spank.  By the second dungeon, you're in Hell, trying to dodge carpet bombings while keeping in range of a mobile boss that the tank needs to drag around the arena to get to the spot that removes it's shield.  It's good stuff.The endgame is grindy but far from boring.  If you're a hardcore MMO player, interested in aiming for the best gear you can get your hands on and taking the challenge of original and difficult group content, you will find it here.  Elite Raids, Lairs tuned to level 50+ players, hard-to-fully-max gear, perpetual ability gain (you can eventually get all weapon abilities), and plans by the devs for even more to do down the road mean that you won't ""finish"" the game if you choose not to.Overall, you should try it.  It's free, and it's exquisite.Edit: How in the hell is this a ""pre-release review"" when it was written on the release day?"
,Not Recommended,215280,33933682,Posted: 31 July,all,gfldaven,"the concept and most of the story line is great, it's missing stuff from the oringinal game like faction quest which has left it feeling more flat and these are the best parts of the review.  now the bad and ugly part, no customer service(petitions can take as long as a month to even be acknowldged much less actually delt with), Servers are unstable and with no technical support it isn't getting any better.the two most unstable parts group content(raids, dungeons, scenerios) and looting the chest after boss fights. i personally as well as 85% of my  cabal have experianced these disconnects. and if your disconnected you get a 30 min deserter debuff which means not only did you just get kicked from the group content but you can not sign up for different group content!!PVP the current pvp match is how fast can everyone die and get the same rewards so they can reque to do it again!!!! btw this is the fastest way to get gear and shards to upgrade gear(lvl 50 required).and lastly you have to spend outrages amount of real world money just to get inventory space . and if your not patron you may not take anything from cabal bank even if you are the cabal leader"
76561198099092014,Not Recommended,215280,14280007,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Greatirishninja,"If you're looking for a MMORPG with a good storyline and great environment this is a great game. Repeatable quests, immersive storylines, and rich environments really bring a lot to the table. As well as hours of customization in your character's playstyle and look.If you're looking for a MMORPG with good PVP, go play something else. The PVP in this game is so insanely unbalanced and even more unfriendly to new players. As a new player you will have to grind PVP through endless hours of getting one shotted to be able to get PVP suits to use only in PVP zones just to be able to contribute to your team in some way. Before that point you're really just filling up a slot on the team that a geared player could have taken and provided help in some way.This game could really use some form of balancing or some way for new players to get the gear that would make them capable of lasting more than 2 seconds against the players who are fully geared."
76561198043153503,Recommended,215280,34045266,Posted: 5 August,all,Puru,"So far I have been really liking the changes they have made.  The original game was just as grindy as this one just of a different flavor and honestly I am just happy to get a chance to start at the beginning instead of coming in toward the end like I did with the original game.The combat is decent, nothing to really call home about just your basic reticule combat.  The quests though are where Secret World Legends shines.  The normal quests are what you can expect from an MMO, go here do that.  Though they do all have beautiful cut scene openers.  What Secret World has that most other MMOs don't are sabotage and investigative missions.  These quests give more experience than normal but require a bit more finesse and skill.  The sabotage missions are more about avoiding things and getting through unseen while investigative missions focus on figuring it out on your own which could involve reading lore, talking to people, or google searching something odd like a bible verse.The biggest issues I have with this game is in the interface.  I heal  primary and how they tried to make heal targeting work with a reticule combat is a bit clunky but functional once you get used to it.  It still needs some tweaks with UI functionality but the developers are really big at listening to player feedback.Patron though, is a bit of a mixed bag.  I understand wanting to incentive paying money for an otherwise free game.  You get the standards, increase to experience and money gain and a bit more free dungeon runs.  The thing I have issue with is the quest reduction time.  You can rerun quests.  In the original game, it was 24 hours for nonpatron and 8 hours for patrons.  Now its 72 hours for non patrons and 8 hours for patrons which is a bit much in my opinion.Overall though, I feel this is a worthwhile game to try since it has a lot of things your run of the mill MMO does not."
76561198040048942,Not Recommended,215280,15475644,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,CaptainCollab,"could not get in to the game. Default  controls arent that great, feels very slow paced and is not optimized well. On mid quality framerate drops into 20s and 10s I can play other way better mmos at highest quality and 60fps easily. Was a game i have been interested in for a long time felt like it was a major let down."
,Not Recommended,215280,16693031,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Communist Manifesto,"Found the game very boring, after purchasing and downloading i was then sent to a secondary launcher to further patch the game, during the time it took me to patch i was no longer elligable to receive a refund. now i'm stuck with the game."
76561197997989826,Not Recommended,215280,19152474,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Nelgyntc,"I just got this game not too long ago, 2-3 weeks. Put in some time & while the leveling & story telling in this game is really in a league of its own in the MMO world I'm a pvp player and this game is prob the 2nd worst game I've played from a pvp view(ESO is the worst obviously).Basically you get 2 battlegrounds to que up in, which pop quick in primetime, not at all after 1A est. But when they do pop 1 faction always has a full raid and the other 2 have half a raid usually with no healers. Why the devs let a match start with such huge imbalance is lost to me, I'd actually be ok with this if it wasn't the same players every single match.. I swear during my whole itme I've seen maybe 50 or so different people in pvp.Pve Idk not into it so I didn't try any of the raids or whatnot.Not recommended if your a pvper UNLESS you like to completely dominate games with double numbers and stacked premades, in which case sign up and be sure to roll Templar!"
76561198088908790,Not Recommended,215280,29297762,Posted: 16 January,all,Chrome to ya dome,"cool concept, great story telling but poor gameplay"
,Recommended,215280,32813737,Posted: 26 June,all,LoneCipher,"If someone told you this was an MMO that takes place in the world from Netflix's Stranger Things, you would believe them. I truly cannot recommend this game enough.Things to gush about:The best quest design I have ever experienced.The ambience is incredible. The music, sound effects, and voice acted NPC's make you feel a part of the world.Modern day RPG with guns and swords.More wardrobe options than the Sims.Interesting story. Interesting characters. Interesting environment. Interesting quests.I play this game when I'm looking to chill for a few hours and let myself slip into their world. Super creepy and super interesting game. Give them money, they deserve it.**Until July 31st, you will need to download the client from their site. They will update the steam version at that time."
,Recommended,215280,24359171,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,El Presidente,"What i can say for now - Not a bad game. Combat system is crap, to be honest. Character customization is good from one side, but bad from other. Few faces to choose, few eyebrows, few lips and noses. Few skin colors and they are bad.Each face has its own preset colors. For example, face No1 can have white man skin color, but face No2 can have light brown as lightest color. No racism intended =).With clothing it is much better. You can wear T-shirt and vest above it.Two combat styles for character, your choice. Pistols, sword, chaos magic etc. Combine as you like.Best thing about this game is plot. How many MMO`s with plot you know?  Star Wars the Old Republic maybe? This game has voiced dialogues. It can be played alone and that is good. You don`t need to wait for group."
76561198053108567,Recommended,215280,32842664,Posted: 26 June,all,cheetomonster,"I will probably update this review later, but I wanted to chime in now to say the update for Legends is very confusing.  I played the original version of the game, so Steam was confused and told me that Legends is already in my library.  However, that was on a different computer, so it made me download and install 40GB of stuff.  However, it downloaded the original, not Legends.I then went in through Funcom's web page instead of Steam, and now it's downloading another 20GB.  I suspect the first install was just a waste of time and disk space, which is not giving me a great initial impression of Legends."
76561198031914225,Not Recommended,215280,34695947,Posted: 2 September,all,Ratty Rupert,Patcher broke for me. Customer support non-existant for me. Same old jank game really. Don't waste your time.
76561198025194018,Not Recommended,215280,20372287,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The Smashed Potato,"The game is... alright. It's honestly a pretty cut and dry experience, albiet with a fairly unique premise. It's not that the experience wasn't enjoyable, because the game IS well made. I didn't encounter any bugs or crashes or anything like that. It just failed to really hook me at all. The combat comes off pretty flacid, and the story and NPC's were far from engaging. On top of that, the character and rollplay lacked any real substance. Several hours in, I felt like I was just forcing myself to keep playing for the sake of my friend who purchased the game as well, and I realized that it just wasn't worth it. It's not good enough to be fun, but not bad enough to be funny. Doomed to fall into deserving obscurity.If you're that hungry to play an MMO, then I guess you could grab it on sale. Otherwise, just do yourselves the favor and don't bother. 4.5/10"
76561198066570004,Not Recommended,215280,13632201,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Winter Soldier #3,"Not worth the disscounted price. Are playing for 2 days it's like most other MMORPG's just with an OK storyline, but what srcews the game up for me is the crafting bags that according to everything I've read online have been going on since 2012. EA games at their best, I would wait a few more months for this to become a free to play MMO.  What a waste of $30"
,Not Recommended,215280,20526506,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Bear,Fantastic story telling.Amazing graphcs (except charachters).Let down by horrible gameplay.
76561197964695415,Recommended,215280,33955337,Posted: 1 August,all,GrUnGeR,"If you enjoyed the original you should enjoy this version. I'm not a fan of the new combat, but it doesn't take long to get used to it."
76561198022266257,Recommended,215280,32752482,Posted: 24 June,all,mylin1,"So far its a good reboot of trhe game. The new character models are a lot easier to look at and the animation doesnt look as terrible as it did. Coupled with the great story and questing that was the old TSW it could be a wining combo.The old npc models however do drift from okay to horrible in comparison so hopefully enough good will and income flows into TSW to allow them to continue fixing up the graphics.The classes seemed okay, the pistol for me was very unsatisfying and the magus abilities felt a little slow but overall, great stuff."
76561198016293174,Recommended,215280,23772278,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,"General Pinochet, Savior of Man","Best story, lots of fun. Give funcom money."
,Recommended,215280,33981966,Posted: 2 August,all,padawanjedi,"The game has a fantastic storyline.  Compelling, original, very dark, and a little complicated.  The original version of the game was much more difficult, but the story is basically the same.  So, if you wanted slightly more modern combat and better graphics with the same excellent writing, you're golden!  If you wanted the sense of accomplishment that you only feel from long, grueling battles with a bunch of other players helping you, then you're probably not going to be thrilled.  But this is a post-raidlife MMO.  Raids and lairs are smaller and more straightforward, and gearing is a much easier and sensible grind.  It's not perfect, and I hesitate to say it's better than the original, it is certainly much more accessible and it lets me play on my own terms (soloing/duoing almost everything) and that's really what I want in MMOs these days.  I am enjoying Secret World Legends, and I enjoy it more because I reached Tokyo in The Secret World.  Now I get to do it my way, without having to beg for help to get past stupid things, and I can watch all the story and search for all the lore in the middle of dungeons.  It is fun, and that's what appeals to me.  Ideally, both games would have been merged better, but this is what I have.  I like it."
,Not Recommended,215280,17769032,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Aaron,"Unfortunately, I'm going to have to give a thumbs down for this game. I bought it on a discount for something like £18. I thought that was fairly decent for an MMO, they're usually games that soak up playtime like mad. But I regret doing so now.Side note: I am still only in the 'Lovecraft style' zones, so I never got to the end. But a game that won't keep me to the end isn't a game I'd ever recommend.Don't get me wrong, the theme is great. I love the whole urban legend, Lovecraftian, monster-world feel. But the gameplay is just awful. Every single fight is a long, drawn out case of spamming a few buttons. Dodging is alright but it's really just a bit of a gimmick, where most other MMOs will have the same thing of 'get out of the way of attack' without a dodge button.The mission pointer is also frustrating. I had one that pointed me in one direction, only to find it was sending me into primary teleport world (can't remember the name, it's where all the bees come from), to the portal that I hadn't unlocked yet. Other times it's pointed me right into a cliff, or on the wrong side of a building. It also fails to show the '3D' location, so sometimes the point is underground and you're standing above it thinking 'but I'm right where it says I should be'.The missions themselves are just generic quests of go here/kill this/gather these/find this/click this. The only twist they have is that some of them are complicated. They force you to have to look up things, like Bible passages, or co-ordinates, or binary stuff. That sort of thing, where the game alone won't suffice. The clue requires research, which I suppose is in-keeping with this sort of game.But this is where the downside kicks in: the playerbase is small. Which means there aren't a lot of guides out there. If you want to just save time and look something up, chances are you won't find anything about it. It isn't popular enough to actually warrant online activity, so there's not much information out there.What I can say is that this game really isn't very different to most other MMOs. It has the same sorts of quests, the same sorts of combat, the same sorts of interfaces (just re-named to other words to confuse new starters). The same things but they don't do it half as well as other games.Edit: I did miss something quite important. This game is marketed as one without levels or classes. This is actually a falsehood.Levels are still there, you just don't get a number by your character. Instead you get points to spend on upgrading your skills. The higher your level, the more skills you have, the better your character is. In fact, if you don't have enough points in some areas, you can't equip items. Your 'level' is too low for them.Classes are also still there, only they are tied to weapons instead of characters. Each weapon has a different role and has different skills to upgrade. A player can carry multiple weapons (so multiple classes), and if their level is high enough they will have upgraded multiple class lines.That particular dishonesty on the part of Funcom does grind a little bit on me.Edit 2: It's also probably worth mentioning that what few players there are in this game are rabidly fanatical about it. A harmless criticism of the game is equal to a racist killing spree for them. And they group together.Just check out the reviews for a slice of it. Go to positive reviews and look for the lowest rating you can find. Then look for the highest rating you can find in the negative reviews. You'll probably notice that even the lowest positive score will be 15-20% higher than the highest negative score. Why? Because they stick together.It's pretty apt that a game about cults would produce such a cultish mentality in its player base."
76561198012551511,Recommended,215280,8030368,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MaDmiLLer,"Secret Worldis an mmo like never before set in a post apocalyptic modern day world you play as a special agent for one of three organizations, either Illuminati, Templars or Dragons, dragons suck though. Anyway when you join the game you choose between a variety of weapons since their are no classes to speak of, you can have magic to guns to swords and hammers choice is yours and in the game you can level up whatever skill you desire aslong as you ahve the weapon to use it for, this opens many combinations for your character and the game has 500 skills, that alot. The bad part about the game is its a slow start and you really have to think this mmo will not hold your hand like wow or guild wars but I think thats apart i enjoy. Another thing is its more casual mmo so its not too addicting as say guild or wow but its still real fun, if your a pvp guy though play a different game the pvp sucks here. overall this game is fun and creative, trying something new for once, if you play this game I promise you this is one you will remeber I give it and 8/10"
76561198086834187,Recommended,215280,7919883,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Biest Modus Esche,i payed and got in but i cant login i dont have a account where do i get account
76561197974085922,Not Recommended,215280,17294355,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Khorne,"I could never get past the Blue Mountains area, which is the third or fourth zone I think?  I don't have nearly enough points to make one of the advanced classes and the default class wasn't cutting the mustard anymore.  I died too many times and gave up.  But the atmosphere is great and I wish I could have seen the rest of the game."
,Recommended,215280,32917367,Posted: 28 June,all,DJae,"fun game, playing mainly for the plot and lore which is the most compellin part, however the grind to get good gear and finish kaiden is turnin me off"
,Recommended,215280,24348649,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,WANG DONG,lafy is here mor lik laefy isa cnanycer HA XD
,Recommended,215280,33102631,Posted: 1 July,all,madcabbage [NSTA],asd
,Recommended,215280,24615184,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,🎃SpookyWitch💀,"commion questions asked after you buy1 does it get better: no2 does it have a good plot:its a dark zombie wizard out of ten plot3 i can seem to kill things or is there a better way of killing things: did you use the AR ?4 can u buy new clothes: yes, but if you want to look like a real human and not a hipster then no5 is it fun: do you have drugs on you? your answer, answers both questions6 was it worth the money: if you got it for 20$ you got a good deal it runs like a 20$ game so if u want wait till its on sale7 is there other things about the game i should know?: yes theres a part in the main story where you run past lazers that make a room go boom and its going to suck♥♥♥♥♥so prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥and they have parts in quests where u cant play with your friends only solo time which i found annoying and gayoverall 5.5/10 buy it on sale or dont do it"
,Recommended,215280,7898895,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DRE△M.DE△TH,10/10 would recomend. Plis play this game with me.
76561198042074527,Recommended,215280,7928707,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,S.Nova,Not a bad game just pay once and Play as long as you like
76561198079874505,Not Recommended,215280,22503001,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Heaven on earth,"the story is incredible, but the combat is so boring and clunky that it ruin everything..."
,Recommended,215280,7878407,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Classicsniper00,"Hands down, a fantastic MMO, it's spooky, it's creepy, and the customization is great. Lots of fun with friends.The quests are a real brain scratcher, sometimes you're left to figure out what to do on your own, so dig deep into your detective skills. There is no level cap, so you can become an ultimate badass switching between weapons on the fly."
76561198120290518,Recommended,215280,27729313,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,theocarter5,You eat a bee. 10/10
76561198029469315,Recommended,215280,8022639,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Joikax,BEST MMORPG OF ALL TIME.If you like fun games with lots of content that will keep you entertained for a good couple of months or even years then you should give this one a try.If you like games like World of Warcraft but wish there was one set in a modern apocaliptic world with guns and spells and melee stuff all together AND WITHOUT A PAYMENT FEE EACH MONTH...... Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,215280,13737145,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Squidy The Kawaii Princess,Not so secret anymore!
76561198169614611,Recommended,215280,28494687,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Frankthetank,1. fight evil2. ???3. win and profit
,Recommended,215280,11356906,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,latke,yeah. pretty good.
76561197975174320,Not Recommended,215280,14200432,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Angry Man lvl 73,"A complex and intriguing MMO that offers immense gameplay flexibility and diversity depending on your tastes. Personally love this game since it gives me vibes I used to get when I first played Half-Life 2 (on the soundtrack alone, but embraced by everything mysterious that keeps coming afterwards). Some really amazing sights to see. Some mysterious plot thrown in, and I loved it after the first three hours.Note: there are plenty of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moments that will utterly make you rage quit unless you've been focusing on one or two particular skill trees - and even then it tends to push your buttons at the worst of times. Just be ready for some hard♥♥♥♥♥♥-------------------------------------------------------------------------As of recently I have ""finished"" the game. I also have changed my rating from positive to negative. Here's why.1. At a certain point in the game you are introduced to a specific location, wherein you gain access to new mechanics in the game - cool stuff. However, within a very short span (approx. 30 mins.) you find out that this cool new stuff was primarily introduced just so you'd have a larger motivation to pay out for content to continue playing the story.2. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off laugh) Yes, the ♥♥♥♥ing key event that the goddamn game has been building up toward, ever since the beginning cinematic sequence, is a ♥♥♥♥ing purchased expansive ""content"". I emphasize ""content"" because the the content being offered is sorely lacking when in comparison to a number of other game ""expansions"". In short, I bought the game expecting an in-depth (and FINISHED) story experience, but it came up wanting at the end with a pay-wall.3. There is no excuse for the level of aborrent glitches and bugs in the game. I did mention them prior, but had apparently figured out that those bugs and glitches have existed for months or years... So the only explanation is that the Dev's could not be bothered to fix their game since they're too busy pushing out new content.-----------------------TL;DR:The game has excellent story, interesting mechanics, and intriguing mythos & characters, however it has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bugs/glitches, lack of community, downright ""unfair"" enemy-types, and limits your experience for the sake of money."
76561198089718317,Recommended,215280,20368982,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,masterskorpz1,"In real life, I have always been fascinated by the dark and the Unknown.You know, the Occult.But, in real life, there is a possibility you could get hurt by delving into the Unknown.The Secret World provides me with the oppurtunity to explore the Unknown unharmed and at a safe distance (behind my computer screen).+ The combat is engaging, immersive and fun.+ There are plenty of conspiracies, monsters, myths, secret socities and puzzles to keep you invested for hours and hours on end.+ The replayability factor is extremely high.+ There are plenty of customization options for clothing, such as hats, jackets, masks and pants/trousers+ You can build the character you want to build, as there are a lot of options you can mix and match within the skill tree- The Starter Character Customization is basic, bland and way too simplified- Not Optomised for low end computers- Can feel like a chore to finish a mission or quest"
,Not Recommended,215280,29282126,Posted: 15 January,all,Jcfr,"First off i would like to notice, that i like the premise and the style of this game.A bit gothic, a bit mythology and a bit sci-fi. Feels and looks great... but then the gameplay - especially the comba!Yeah there are no classes and yes you can learn every skill with one character... and while i get that many feel this is the strongest part of the game, to me it's the weakest (or most annoying, to be more precise).How do i explain...?Imagine you got a construction kit for a sword and the manual says ""create the ultimate sword of your imagination"" and you go  ""yeah, let's get this started! Here a bit aluminium, there some carbon and some iron... finished"". Then you start combat and your ""ideal sword"" get's wrecked instantly and you die. So think ""hm... well let's start over and be a bit more methodic. Less aluminium, more carbon..."" then again combat and while your sword does not break, it's as dull as it could be, does no damage and you get overwhelmed.So once again you start to fumble around with the kit. And again... and again... and again...Seriously, there're a ton of character builds and so many guides on the net. I tried over and over and yet never felt once optimal even though all i wanted was a damage build with shotgun for single target ans AoE-Elementalism.With all the cross-effects between active and passive skills, it gets confusing as HELL.Yes, i appreciate some freedom with my character-developement but when i can't even create an effective DD or Tank, then f*** this!And using the 1-7 number keys for a dynamic-combat-system is less than optimal. For exampel, Neverwinter's controls hold up a lot better.Furthermore, even though the Maps are huge, there are no mounts (except for those expensive ones in the ingame-shop) and no kind of fast-travel. Going from a to b  gets tiresome as hell. And with all those ""wheret he f*** do i go"" kind of quests, this game burned me out really fast.Sad, because i wanted to get into it... but every time i try, it takes about an hour and i'm pi**** off as hell. SO if you (like me) want some kind of red thread in your game, this is nothing for you."
76561198080098246,Recommended,215280,32380962,Posted: 12 June,all,My Life for ZeWalrus,"An MMO unlike any other I've ever played. Put it this way, most mmo's cant hold my attention for more than...an hour. I play dota so i need something that has action, but I also need a good story if that action isnt totally engrossing in nature. This has a story, characters, and quests unlike any mmo made up to date. Its more than worth your while. check it out."
76561198029897465,Recommended,215280,17577236,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SpeckterZ,love it!
,Recommended,215280,6458373,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,GREEN MAN,fast paced battles. using anything you want from dual pistols to rocket launchers. swords to chainsaws and magic to ......quantum braces?.....defeat everything and anything of your nightmares.....FFS the first instance boss looks like cuthullu THAT ♥♥♥♥♥ CRAZY 10/10 best mmo ive ever played....(and i used to play WoW religiously)
,Recommended,215280,29745094,Posted: 6 February,all,Pink Rick,"great calves, shorts only"
76561198063301497,Recommended,215280,18438556,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,iTzMeH,it scared me but im kylie jenner so yes please?
76561198068815413,Not Recommended,215280,22494222,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Sin Stalker,"Was fun for awhile but the amount of glitches that pop up will drive you away. Instead of focusing on fixing the gameplay and features they currently have, they are set on pushing out more incomplete features to drive sales. Unfortunately it doesn't help to retain the players they join to check out the new content."
,Not Recommended,215280,24063582,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"The game is still using reviews of a previous version (The Secret World, not The Secret World Legends) in order to fool people into thinking the newer interation has a ""Very Positive"" rating when it's made a lot of older, loyal fans quit.Funcom (apparently) did promise to wipe the reviews and have not.What they did wipe however was peoples Collectors Edition content, not allowing any of it to carry over, they then created new DLC which is just ingame currency with a few reskins and one or two actual new things.Funcom has sunk to new depths."
,Recommended,215280,15515808,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,FFR_Salmon666,GET THIS GAME(WHEN ON SALE) RIGHT NOW WHAT ARE U DOING NOT OWNING THIS LAST YEAR U SCRUB
76561198008321323,Recommended,215280,14802211,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Darkkann,Great game especially is you like playing consperacy x
,Recommended,215280,15077202,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Gizorro,"You just got to find the right faction you like,and the right kind of weapon.At first it feels bad, but try and find that sweet weapon you like :P"
,Recommended,215280,29453325,Posted: 23 January,all,sonyguy,now i can live out my dreams dont like your dreams be dreams
,Recommended,215280,19554634,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Bolhuis,95% of my ingame time is patching.
76561198135012062,Recommended,215280,10309287,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Jumpman_x,A different kind of MMO. Great for all conspiracy theorists alike!
76561198022600614,Recommended,215280,24269759,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ouijabored,"A great mmo rpg game dealing with the occult and the paranormal.  This game puts you in the shoes of an agent for one of the 3 main secret societies you can choose from.  Like any mmorpg, you pick up missions from NPCs or points of interest/objects scattered throughout this very huge world.  The more I play, the more I'm drawn into learning more about it's mysterious and intriguing storyline.  I came back to this game after not having played it for about a year now and I can honestly say that I'm still having a blast picking up right where I left off."
,Recommended,215280,23316431,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The Real CTrain,"Its a good game but, not worth $30.00.  I got the game for $10.00 and it was kind of worth for that price but $30.00 is pushing it."
,Recommended,215280,29341426,Posted: 18 January,all,ProfessorWeeWoo,bought it then played it for 7 hours straight totally not addicting. at all pssh
,Recommended,215280,23233976,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Kamikazi2142,"I have not played this title in so long...I pretty much quit playing after the game decided to drop me in the middle of nowhere and hide my main quest from me.When i came back after a year or so, the game was hacked or something, i found a ""Dress"" or some sort in my inventory, but when i put it on my character was naked except for panties, and two smiley face stickers on the nipples... Couldn't undo what had happened, so i quit yet again.With these MMO titles that offer character customization, i try my very best to get my sense of fashion translated into the game, so when this glitch/bug whatever it was happened, i was disgusted and lost all interest in playing it ever again.I am going to give this title one more chance, hopefully a large majority of the issues i had are a distant thought from the past now.Fingers crossed?  Will update later if anything is different, otherwise it's a great game!"
76561198134726491,Recommended,215280,28978940,Posted: 3 January,all,ioannis michailidis,"Very good game. Mature, fun, very good puzzles, very good story, etc. the only minus is that you can have only 3 minor missions at a time."
,Recommended,215280,8264042,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tyrant (My Vision is Augmented),"One of the best MMOs on the market today. Loads of freedom in creating a playstyle of your own, monsters and myths based on real-world legends, and missions and gameplay that require thought rather than just fetch quests.No subscription fee. Plenty of people playing. Worth every dollar."
,Recommended,215280,8497518,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SireNightFire,The Secret World.... where to begin?This game is basically one giant conspiracy ... theres millionsand yes you can play one the illumanati teamThis game is great in my opinion!  A good change from the average push a button and wait.You only have to pay once and you don't have to pay again unless you want premium features kinda like Guild Wars.The story is good.  Kinda repetitive with questsoh one thing... you don't have levels just skill pointsso if you wanted you could be good with swords and guns... maybe magic and swords it's up to youthis game is great with optionsone thing i dislike would be the fact that once you're done most of the story mission packs you have to pay for the rest of them... kinda sucks.... but that's what they had to do since they went Pay once Play forever.Overall I recommend this game!
,Recommended,215280,28368250,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,-XO,I had to play this game in secret.
,Not Recommended,215280,33891889,Posted: 29 July,all,JMA,"As a fan of the secret world I will say that this is not the game for me, I have played the original on and off over the years, it has always been installed and I have kept it up to date, but it seems that funcom wants some new blood to the game, and so they have relaunched it as a game that feels like bog standard mmo fare, so I will say good bye to the secret world, my memories will live on and hope that any new players will like this version, because I do not. And I hope this does not go the way of my favorite mmo."
76561198012020041,Not Recommended,215280,33946511,Posted: 1 August,all,Black_Hats_and_Mirror_Shades,"I would actually like to sink some time into this, however having played TSW for a couple of years and seeing the huge lack of content updates I have to ask myself why I would play the same game again with no development of the story, to yet again grind to a halt in kaidan because thats all there was folks...No thanks."
,Not Recommended,215280,32751320,Posted: 24 June,all,Tex Arcane,if you're going to make your game F2P it needs to be better than what's out there already *and* the previous version of Secret World.Legends fails on both. I'm not sure what Funcom is trying to accomplish but alienating your previous playerbase is a really a bad idea.
,Not Recommended,215280,32758991,Posted: 24 June,all,Ghyti,Be aware that this does not currently download/install Secret World Legends despite it being labelled as such.
76561197970776658,Not Recommended,215280,16539693,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kid Gloves,"Expect to be offered incentives to 'continue the story' only to discover that there is a huge hole in the progression tree for the story between zones 3 and 4, which you will have to then buy extra 'side' content to progress through, or play dungeons over and over for gear grinding.If you like grinding continually, get the game. If you like story and are a new player, the game is fine. Just don't expect to be treated fairly in future, and absolutely do not buy into any of their returning player 'offers' unless they're offering ALL the content. Which will probably just mean having to re-buy the whole game. Again and again and again.Game left me feeling I'm out of pocket for gameplay I can't access, while competing MMOs with similar business models are far more welcoming.Unless you absolutely love the setting, take your money elsewhere."
,Recommended,215280,33967523,Posted: 2 August,all,Angel,"First I want to say, don’t read any review that compare it to THE Secret World. This is Secret World LEGENDS and if someone review it, than it should be only what this game is and not what it is in compare to TSW.There are much positive reviews before it even reach Steam, because it was playable without Steam far before release on 31.July. This review should only add some Info to the mostly negative flaming in the past two days. I 100% recommend it everyone for its great story and streamlined game mechanics for free2play.Pay2Win?This game is Free 2 play, like every other Free 2 play game it has a in game shop and currency you can buy for money, BUT and it is a very big BUT, you can get everything without paying one cent, there is nothing you can’t buy by playing the game regularly, all you need is patience and a bit of time.Each day you get a set of challenges that gives you Marks of Favor (""silver coins"") in return:Kill 50 MobsMake 3 MissionMake 3 Side-MissionsMake 4 upgrades on itemsMake all 4 challengesIf you do it right, you can get this challenges done in 15-30 Minutes. After that you have to do it again with 100 Mobs, 5 Missions, 5 Side-Missions, some more upgrades and all 4 challenges. It’s a little bit harder to get that many done if you don’t organize you in doing only as much as needed in the first stage, but it’s manageable. For each quest you get bags of Weapons or other items, that you can keep or use to get the crafting challenge updated, so even if you don’t get item drops from mobs in this game, you will always have a constant flow of item-drops from missions.If you don’t stick to one zone you can do every day your challenges and get soon 90000 (12000 per day) ""silver coins"". With that amount of cash you can buy at least 500 aurum from the in game auction house by a price by 140 (at this moment) ""silver coins"" you get 642 Aurum. Aurum is the currency you can buy for real cash, but as you see, you don’t need that. To casual play or to win the game you don’t need aurum at all.Upgrading:I play SWL for about a month now, and I upgraded my main weapon to purple just yesterday. I have upgraded 3 of my charms and my side weapon to max out blue too and I never ever had not enough Anima-Shards (the currency for some other things in SWL) to upgrade them, you get those shards from missions, and if you do your daily challenges you get enough for playing too, just reduce your quick travel to a minimum and keep walking/running. As short side mark, make each upgrade on item as “food” at a time, as even if you drag more than one item in, it still count as only one upgrade for the challenge.Group-Missions:Ok, there is the down-thing in this game, for playing the dungeons you should buy some Dungeon-Keys, because if you beat a Boss and can’t open the damn Loot box you will get very frustrated, on the other side, other F2P-games let you buy Keys just to get in the dungeon. Because SWL is story driven, I don’t feel the need to play this dungeons more than once and for my taste, the loot is not that great so I don’t buy much keys, and the keys I have where paid with patience and time ;-)Downside of not being a patron:As paying player you get some bonuses you don’t have when you play free (no surprise here)First thing, yes I am a patron now, but I don’t have to be patron to enjoy the game.At some point in your progression in level you ""unlock"" the random drop of Loot boxes, like in Star Trek Online (another F2P game) these boxes a bound to theme (right now its hell) and require you to buy keys to open it. Keys cost 150 Aurum each and are not cheaper in bigger packs. If you are no patron, you have to buy the keys to get one opened, if you are, you get one key free at a day (not counting the days you were not logged in) Inside you can get rare item like a mount or flaming weapons, but mostly you get just bottles of XP for your weapons, charms, sigils and so on. You don’t need those to upgrade your equipment; it is just a bonus to get it faster leveled,Not being Patron means also, you have to get to the next questing area really fast, because if you want to replay a quest you have to wait 68h (in compare to a patron who just wait 8h), this is the reason why I pay my patronage, cause at some point you don’t want to further progress in the story, at least I don’t wanted, and then you want pick out the good and fast quests to do your dailys. There are enough quests you can do to fill 4 cycles in New England but nothing beats 3 deliveries to a postal box 50m away from the pickup point and doing the first 3 quests in Kingsmouth just to have you first set of dailys and the 6000 ""silver coins"" without even thinking much where you get started.You get only 3 instead of 6 healing potions, but I barely needed even one because each skillset can have a self-healing skill so you will not need them much tooPatronage is else just a speed boost in XP, SP and AP and some free keys daily that I never seen or used until now. I may be need them at a later endgame stage of the game, but then I will have saved enough ""silver coins"" to just buy some more Aurum that, I am sure, buy me some keys, even if I don’t be patron anymore.Conclusion:SWL is far away from pay2win, you can´t buy any weapon or buff (any item at all), that makes you stronger than someone who is just f2p. You get everything for in game money and can buy Aurum for Marks of Favor (6000 MoF = 42 Aurum) If you play it daylies but casually a few hours you can play free and don´t miss anything story wise or content wise. if you play it excessive the whole day long, you should think about paying a patronage to get more stuff to do, but then I recommend you to play TSW, cause there you have a real challenge and the story and missions are (with a few exclusions on SWL) the same.That’s said, I wish you fun with this great story driven game :-)"
,Not Recommended,215280,33940245,Posted: 31 July,all,ChevyAndVW,I paid a bunch of $ for this when 1st came out years ago(even tho it says it huat came out)  Now its free. And i have to purchase the dlc AGAIN even tho i already paid for it!?!?   Devs should have advertised this game better years ago insteaf of re-releasing it and screwing wveryone that backed the game and spent their hard earned $ on it and all the dlc...
,Not Recommended,215280,34062176,Posted: 6 August,all,Riku,No reason to play this since the rebrand.
,Not Recommended,215280,34073339,Posted: 6 August,all,ChuckMCCluck,"Bought this game a few years ago on sale because the setting seemed interesting compared to other MMOs but I never really got into it because the typical boring auto lock on hotkey combat. Saw the game re-released and ""revamped"" the combat system to make it more action oriented and decided to give it another shot. The so called action combat system is just your standard hotkey mmo combat thinly veiled behind a crosshair in the middle of your screen. I was hoping for something akin to Hellgate London when I saw that the game revamped itself but the combat is just as boring as ever."
76561198071392629,Not Recommended,215280,34008370,Posted: 3 August,all,Mienotaurus,"Wait you mean to tell me the game I spent IRL money on, had chracters on and played in a game that has now stripped me of my characters and given me a single character slot? Bro sounds great... ♥♥♥♥ off.Edit: Got further into the game? O wait preselected classes? o♥♥♥♥♥♥dude take away more freedom.Edit: TBH it's more entertaining than the original game but I still hate your guts for life thanks byeEdit: You lose, you get nothing good day sir."
76561197970320868,Recommended,215280,35037381,Posted: 17 September,all,sizer99,"Important: I didn't play the original Secret World, unlike the angry people leaving negative reviews because it went F2P.  I sympathize, but I'm just reviewing it as a game that's new to me.I've always wanted to play this, but never found the time. When it went F2P I finally gave it a shot, and I love it - probably should have done it earlier.On the plus side: This game is really adult, in a way something like WoW could never allow. Terrible things happen, children are harmed, hearts are ripped from chests, there are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  They've got all fiction and conspiracy theory to draw from. And the writing is often fantastic.  And I love the action-y combat and traversal since I'm sick to death of plodding WoW-likes.On the down side: You really need to pay the $12/mo to fully enjoy it as intended.  Consider it shareware.  If you like it after two days, then pony up - that'll get you through two worlds without being crippled. Otherwise just give it up, you'll never like it, not for everyone.On the WTF side: This game should absolutely support gamepad natively but doesn't. I used Joy2Key so I can play it with my PS4 controller and it's so much better that way.Other:  This has very low replay value - you can hit every single quest on your first char (and should!).  I expect I'll quit when I'm done with Tokyo, but it's been fun for the time spent."
,Not Recommended,215280,34080543,Posted: 7 August,all,sandpitturtle3333,"Too many bugs and issues to be considered anywhere near a successful steam launch.Can't even play the god damn game and as a person who BROUGHT the original Secret World. That's more then a kick to the crotch.What's more is they have the audacity to run a promotional event with no inclination in regards to players that can't even get pass the character creation screen.Want to check if all your transfer from The Secret World to Legends was okay, that you got your reservation? Too bad, Character Creation crash is the game.Want a little more icing on the cake? This issue was first posted on the forums literally on the day of launch (31st of July), it took them until the 4th of Aug for a Community manage to acknowledge this after numerous threads and comments were made. But that's not the worst part to this icing. Oh no. The worst part is that around the exact same time there was issues for premium users of The Secret World that had what was called Patron. To my knowledge some rewards and such was suppose to be carried over to this new game but even that went wrong. Thing is, they pushed a hotfix for that almost immediatly. Ignoring the other issue that stopped people from EVEN PLAYING.Kind of feel like this whole♥♥♥♥♥♥show is a cash grab in all honesty.UPDATE: So they just rolled out another hotfix today (7th Aug) with ZERO comments in regards to the major issue that renders the game unplayable. Bloody brilliant.FINAL UPDATE: 13/08/17. DO NOT WASTE TIME AND MORE IMPORTANTLY MONEY ON THIS GAME. Support does not exist and all the issues are still there. No communication or assistance. Company only cares about the money not the player base or the game. DO NOT PLAY / BUY!"
76561198050031957,Recommended,215280,34347888,Posted: 19 August,all,FeatheredIcarus,"Still difficult to aim, but the game runs better than it did before. Hitting a solid 20 fps on my awful laptop whereas it would barely reach 10 before.It seems paywall restrictions only really affect you near endgame, up til then you should be fine without paying real money. As a legacy player, I got all of the weapon types for free, so I'm not sure how this changes things."
76561198010120456,Not Recommended,215280,22879255,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Jake Hawke,"The Secret World is a very close call for me.The NPCs, story-lines, dialogue, voice-acting, factions, and clothing-customisation are all great. I should really love to play this game.I do not.There are three main reasons:1) The UI is extremely frustrating, and borders on unusable. The widely varying font-sizes make it hard to read. The difficulty in customising the UI into a pleasing, or even useful, system is annoying, although getting a little better over the years. The various menus & windows are extremely unintuitive & hard to get useful info from.2) The combat. Oh, god, the combat. I find that every fight is you & the mob standing 1 foot from each other, and you're pushing 1, 1, 2, 1, 1, 2... or something similar until it dies. It might get more interesting later, but it's still likely to be just standing way too close to each other. Just some very unfun, irritating combat... and I actually often like tab-targetting combat in general.3) Many of the quests. Listen, a lot of the quests are pretty great when they're developing the story-line, and you're finding out about obscure NPCs, or interesting things that've happened, or general lore... but there are a pretty fair number of filler-quests that are ""Run down the block, kill 15 of __, come back, run back to the same spot, kill 20 of __type2"", etc.. There's enough of these that it gets annoying, because it seems that you're doing exactly the same motions over and over when you just want to get to the fun, interesting quests again.Now having said that... if you honestly don't mind having a frustrating UI, uninteresting combat, & repetitive filler-quests because your interest in story means more to you, then the rest of the game is extremely interesting and would be well worth your time. For me it was not, because I couldn't get over the frustrating elements."
,Not Recommended,215280,14874025,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rune,"I want to love this game, the concept is amazing, the depth to the lore exceptional, and the size of the world phenominal. However due to its glitchy nature, slow loading, and the terrible controls. I cant recommend this.The concept has so much potential, and If they could fix the problems, update the control interface, and put a little less focus on micro purchasing with no fixes to game play I could change my mind. I hope that someday they correct this or let the rights go to someone else and develop a sequal with a better interface.With its age and comparative to other MMOs this needs a major change that just isnt happening"
76561198197506927,Recommended,215280,33483556,Posted: 12 July,all,virgo11176,i played almost every mmo out there major paid to play free to play the whole works for 20 years from everquest 1 to world of warcraft as far as free to play goes this is a good one combat is fun story is great lore is great could use bigger talent trees and better quest rewards but all in all a real fun injoyable game not as big as the paid to play giants like wow or eq but still fun
,Recommended,215280,34426518,Posted: 22 August,all,Kalsam Retritro,"To begin, I Do and Do Not recommend this game in the same breath.It is, like many have stated, a relaunch of The Secret World, with some changes here and there, but on the whole, remaining the same. Regardless, this is a relaunch due to the fact that they wanted to launch some new systems, remove some really old and bad ones, and are even rolling out everything at a pace designed to have the real ""launch"" begin early next year.And that reason is one of the reasons I Do Recommend the game. This is the early part. The ""catch up"". And as long as they stay true to the timeline they've set (They have so far!), I foresee the upcoming 'Chapter Two' being when things really get interesting.One of the biggest reasons I Don't recommend the game is because, it is early. It is a relaunch at this time, and at THIS time, when writing this review, it's honestly not really worth investing a huge amount of time into the game, if at all, unless you just wanna gear up and prepare for when the new content launches in 2018.The stories are worth playing. There is some very interesting people to interact with throughout the game. And, all-in-all, it's a fun game to play on the side with friends. But again, at this early stage, might not be fully worth a full time investment.If you're new and you do plan on playing, don't fret over gear or rushing through. Take your time, enjoy the game, cause at this time... it's just catching up. We'll see what the next chapter brings, at which point, I'll most likely add, or rewrite my review."
,Recommended,215280,34911602,Posted: 12 September,all,delaney,"Pros: for a f2p, great graphics, immersive story, great use of factions and faction based gear/rewards. The real highlight is the story, investigation missions can be complex and require the use of duckduckgo (FK Bing and Google). They really make you think critically and use logic. You can change weapons and active/passive abilities so you're not tied to a build or rotation and can experiment. You can set keybinds now and aren't marrried to a clunky combat system. It's dumbed down from TSW, sure, but it's not WOW 'execute epic ability to win' dumb.Cons: Patching though the Steam client is frequent and tedious, I spend almost as much time patching as I do playing, seriously, it's like every 4-5 days and patching can take hours ffs, but it's worth the wait if you have the patience. The Patron system doesn't seem as rewarding as you'd think it'd be for $14 a monthTakeaway: do f2p while leveling then try doing endgame content as a Patron. The community is surprisingly non-toxic for all they've been through and there are plenty of helpful folks if you're marginally mmo savvy. Faction outfits are cool but unlike 'some other' mmos (looking at YOU swtor) it's not gear uber alles, knowing mechanics and finding good rotations can carry you through when you'd fail at life in other mmos. It's worth playing Templars at f2p status just for the fun of the story, give it a shot!"
,Not Recommended,215280,16705534,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Skiamakhos,"Too puzzly for me. Too many jumping puzzles / ones where you have to evade cameras & stuff that swoosh back & forth. I quite enjoyed the fighting but I don't do jumping puzzles well. MMO-wise I prefer ESO, Rift & GW2 to this. I got stuck in one of the first areas & couldn't advance further. It got boring."
76561198005398340,Recommended,215280,32976725,Posted: 28 June,all,bacondog,"After playing SWL for about 10 hours (I am playing outside steam client), I could tell that game is a better version of what it was despite the fact that not much has changed.+ I enjoy revamped combat which was one of the main flaws of the original game. It feels more like an action rpg than mmorpg. Reducement in skill slots and skill trees makes game much more accessable.+ Quests remain the same (they haven't dumbed down them!). Investigation quest are madly good.+ Still great thematic experience.+ New ""pick your class when you create a character"" system helps new players to get into the game easier, in more traditional MMO way. Later on, when you get a hang of the game, you can still unlock different weapons, and move towards the build you want.- Fights at the beginning are too easy. I play with my girlfriend and hardly need to heal.- Tokyo metro station in the beginning is a bit boring.So overall game became much more accessable, fun and better overall product. I can't tell anything about payment part of the game, because I haven't touched it yet, but the greatest aspect of the secret world - story and quests became free. If you are looking for a game with amazing Lovecraftian theme for solo/coop play, this game is worth at least a try."
76561198053342591,Recommended,215280,33961357,Posted: 1 August,all,Random_Realm,"Please understand I love the game it give me a great alterative when I gett burned out on WOW, but I'm little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at having to redownload the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game when I already took the time to download the stand-alone client.  It would have been nice if they'd just let those of us oh took the time to do that point the system at the files.  Than again that might be too much to ask from folks who just took the old game and gave it minimal changes and calling it a ""relaunch"".  So all that said I'll be playing, but it might be a bit before they get any more of my money; I bought the origianl game."
,Recommended,215280,33955838,Posted: 1 August,all,d3f0rm3d,"I never made it past Kingsmouth in TSW, thogh I really wanted to love the game. The story and idea where great, but there where too many bugs and akward moments. I came back often, but never felt immersed enough to make past Kingsmouth. I have now played SWL since realse, and for me it's a much better game now. I'll play this in a long time and can't wait for updates. Sad for old TSW players that they lose everything. But I really believe they did the right thing here. Better than let a great story die only to satisfy a minor playgroup. If you never played secret world before, this is a great game. if you did play TSW and it was off for you, you might like this, because this is what I hoped TSW was but never were to me. If you played TSW hardcore since lunch, it will proberly be harder to get used to. That's my five cents."
76561197961930096,Recommended,215280,34119513,Posted: 9 August,all,Spider Fonz,"The acting, the story, the narrative are AMAZING. the gameplay is as stale as the character animations. Worth playing just for story!"
,Recommended,215280,35272499,Posted: 28 September,all,Jolly hoop,I've put a lot of time on this game and I find the devs to be very receptive to feedback from the community. The game is well worth a subscription right now and it keeps improving. Fully recommended!
76561198018916413,Recommended,215280,33936712,Posted: 31 July,all,SARS-Breath,Love the new combat. Only reason I couldnt get into the original game was the tab targeting combat system. I tried because the story was cool but just couldnt get passed the combat system.Having a blast with the game now playing through the Funcom launcher since beta. Enjoy it enough I grabbed the Patron subscription.However now must wait while they figure out a hotfix since the conversion to steam did not carry over remaining Patron subscriptions that were paid for through Funcom.*Edit* They fixed the issue and gave out some in game gifts as an apology to impacted players.I am addicted to the filth.
76561198046212755,Recommended,215280,31428169,Posted: 28 April,all,kathywatkins49,"Possible the best thing to do for an mmo. A constant fear of mine when it comes to mmos and games that only fucntion with connections to a server is ""how long until it gets shut down"". If I am reading this correctly than simply taking the game and giving it offline cappablity is like a dream come true, its something that I only could have imagined in an absolute best case scenario and here it is. Granted, as much as I hope that this would be something that say WoW or Star Wars Galaxies did, I can't see this as a trend that will catch on as would make early subscribers angty but I think the pros greatly out way the cons here. At the cost of the fury of some angry customers who know see they time and money as wasted just pales in comparison that now future generations can go back and enjoy the same experiances that we have had. It just might be the answer for to the game legacy question ( I wonder if that was the whole point of this given the title? ) that has poped up recently and I am excited to see where it will go."
76561198052672594,Not Recommended,215280,13787300,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Cappo,"After having played other MMO games like ''guild wars'' or ''Marvel heroes'', I find the interface terrible!I love ghost storys, mytholgies and scary monsters, but the gameplay and interface are just wrong for me.I guess the gameplay is do able with practice, but all the other stuff...There is almost no guide, or explanation of everything in the beginning. I don't know what to do, because missions are terribly given and there is mostly no information. In the start screen, the menu is ok. I know what buttons do, but in game. The menu is un user friendly to my thaughts.I tried to equip some clothes or something, ''for example'', now. I think the armor and items are gone or something! i could't find it anymore.I need some explanation and a guide in the beginning. Sure there was something i could say as an introduction, because it was skip able. In this cas rather, it was just you being trhown into the deep. Find stuff out yourself, know when you must equip stuff, know where you can upgrade or spend skills or something, know what every button does and how this game works, cause thats normal.Well. i quess what i am trying to say is:BUY AND PLAY IT,! ! !ONLY IF YOU KNOW HOW TO PLAY IT AND HOW IT WORKS! ! !"
,Recommended,215280,1051981,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Clone303,you need to try this MMORPG i say it's one of the best MMORPG's i ever have tryed
76561198042623187,Recommended,215280,24548545,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,lillamaster,My personnel feeling that this game was ok but you can see the age of this game very easily. if graphics are what you look for in a mmo then dont play this game . and questing system is rather of difficulty and hard to get used twobut when you look away all that there is a solid mmo with unique game mechanicI give this play  50 + hours
,Not Recommended,215280,22737657,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Bohstin,Not the worst game in the world but the ui needs a total overhaul and the storyline is very stagnant and unattractive. 2/10
76561198054560156,Not Recommended,215280,26368079,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Evil_the_Nub,"Couldn't even play it, when I tried to register the key it just took me to an error page. I contacted customer support, but it's been like 4 days and I still haven't gotten a response."
76561197964872592,Not Recommended,215280,18388027,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,lawgcul,I got bored of this game real fast.
76561198025018977,Recommended,215280,33998002,Posted: 3 August,all,mountndrew,"Issues with Steam not recognizing patron rewards is annoying. The story is really interesting, worth it to get through that then probably shelve it if you don't want a ridiculous grind upgrading your gear. Will wind up picking it back up for updates/new issues. Shame. I REALLY want to love this game."
,Not Recommended,215280,29283695,Posted: 15 January,all,Imperial Pandaa,"I would only recommend this game for role play rather than content. The missions can be annoying due to little to no direction to some. That can make it a challenge, but when it says check the newspapers and there are no newspapers, it gets frustrating. Combat is fine for single combat, but when you get attacked by a horde, you better know which one you are targetting and face them."
76561198006578184,Recommended,215280,33948603,Posted: 1 August,all,Wearius,"Just like the old game, but a little smoother, a little more streamlined and a little (but only a little) better on combat.  Same great paranoid conspiracy theory doom of the world is really real story.  Same great real world myth meets not so real world stories about said myths.It gets a bit grindy towards the end, but what MMO *cough* I mean ARPG doesn't?Funcom could probably look up the definition of ""more loots""."
76561197983554015,Recommended,215280,14007550,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Milivanili,love it.dragons ftw
76561198185562419,Recommended,215280,20327802,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Kleurenhippie,"Just started playing again, and even better than before :D"
,Not Recommended,215280,21476284,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,EllendigeTullip Jägermeister,"Can't play the game, so that's my money thrown away.I have a Dual Core Processor operating with Windows 7 Home Premium and a ASUS EAH HD 7200 Series Video Card. It's a bit 'old' (2008/2009) but i still can play very 'heavy' games such as World Of Tanks, Total War Series, WarThunder, COH/MOW and other games. But this one just won't start.So for those who don't have a good operating system, i don't recommend it."
,Recommended,215280,25893510,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tatsuhide,Love this game.
76561198067638926,Not Recommended,215280,20578017,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Sapherno11,"At first, I did recommend this game, with a ""warning"" about some aspects. However, as I poured more time into it, those aspects become more and more frustrating to the point that I doubt I will spend much more time playing this.Firstly, it handles fine. Combat is interesting, with different branching pathways and such.The community is very nice, and willing to help new players.The lore is great. This is one of the very few mmo's I've played where quests are completed more for LORE's sake, then for the experience or item rewards.What ultimately killed this game for me, was the guides. And Walkthroughs. Ultimately, I spent more time browsing the internet, looking at detailed walkthroughs/build guides/storyline guides to see what areas I should go to next, that in a 4 hour period of playing the game, I spent 3 hours of that looking at guides, with 1 hour of actual play time. That's not enjoyable to me. It killed any sense of enjoyment, of desire to keep playing.If you don't mind doing a LOT of research, then this will probably be fine for you. For me, personally, it gives me a splitting headache to try to play this for any length of time."
,Recommended,215280,23075464,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ExVasterist,"Note: All reviews about The Secret World were moved to Legends. Legends is a lot more different than TSW and is (according to news about it) gonna be a helluva lot easier, in a bad way.What made TSW great is that its an MMO and is really hard.The Devs want to take away what made TSW great.THIS RECOMMENDATION IS FOR THE SECRET WORLD, NOT LEGENDS!I PAID FOR TSW AND DID A REVIEW FOR TSW, NOT LEGENDS!Review is for the PAID MMO:This game is seriously THE BEST mmo game I've ever played and honestly mmo games USUALLY turn me off badly. The story in the beginning with the bug (literal), that freaky dream, then you with your powers, thats something you won't get to revisit unless you create a new character. The Three Story Arcs depends on the Faction you choose, but take a big note; There are NO Classes & seriously, NO levels. Don't bother creating a new character cause you THINK you screwed up, cause you CAN unlock every single skill in the game on just ONE character - How you design your character's build? 100% up to you.Now there's a number of things you SHOULDN'T expect from this game:1) For it to be Easy - if you're expecting that, you'll rage quit pretty quickly, this game is NOT easy at the start. First you have to build your character's abilities & create the best build suited for you, once you have it figured out & that'll take a while, THEN it might become easy (at least til you get to the harder areas).2) You wiped them out easily the first dozen times, next you change your build, you expect things to be the same - No, you change your character & you alter your pros & cons. Sometimes you'll find build set that feels better, just be sure it is better against everything.3) You expect to be a Legend real quick - Sorry, but thats not gonna happen. Maybe much later in the game, but not immediately after you start. There is no rush, pace yourself, and be smart. Otherwise, you could easily get yourself killed quick.4) You grinded on WoW an rose fast, this is no different - Actually it IS different. All enemies have difficulty tags, and they only change based on your build set & Quality Level (QL) of your gear. If you're expecting to slaughter Red Skull enemies (to WoW that's equivalent to Elites), you'll be slaughtered, also you won't gain much anyways - you'll spending most of your money on repairs than the loot these enemies will drop.5) All MMOs are the same - Not all, sure there are many out there that are just copy & paste, but this game IS different. 90% of MMOs have Classes (Fighter, Archer, Mage, etc), Secret World has NONE. Most MMOs will restrict you because of your level, Secret World has NO Levels and lets you play any quest you want even if there's no possible way you could beat that quest, they'll still let you try. Most MMOs restrict abilities based on Classes, Secret World doesn't have that restriction, you can be ANYTHING you want and can use EVERY SINGLE SKILL in the game.This game is like Dark Souls in terms of heavy hitting enemies with very different abilities meant to destroy you. Even simple zombies if you're not careful or you're overconfident could easily overwhelm you. Many quests are pretty straight forward & direct, others expect you to literally use your brain cells & quick thinking, while some others require perfect stealth to get the best rewards. This game is also like EVE Online in terms of intricate character designs, great stories, and fully customizable ability sets  (heck you can even use a Passive ability from a Melee set to buff an Active ability from a Magic set - I'm not joking an yes it does work).Big Plus: Celebrity Voice Acting. EVERYTHING is voice acted! Such as: Laura Aikman, Jimmy Akingbola, Ben Aldridge, Adjoa Andoh, Leigh-Allyn Baker, Tara Lynne Barr, Tim Bentinck, Brian Bloom, Steve Blum, Steffan Boje, Nicholas Boulton, Bertie Carvel, Jeffrey Combs (Frighteners & Deep Space Nine), Jonathan Espolin-Johnson, Christopher Fairbank (Alien 3), Christopher Fairbank (Mass Effect 2 as Warlord Okeer), Camilla Frey, David Hoffman, Bob Joles, Irwin Keyes, Andrew Kishino (BulletStorm), C.S. Lee (Dexter tv show), William Mapother (LOST as Ethan Rom), Jenny O'Hara (Wishmaster), Tim Russ (Voyager as Lt Tuvok), Armin Shimerman (Deep Space Nine as Quark), André Sogliuzzo (Transformers Revenge Fallen as Sideswipe), Dennis Storhøi (13th Warrior), Peter Stormare (8MM as Dino Velvet), and many others.- Yes, you can invade Hell an you will feel like you walked in to DOOM's version of Hell.- Yes, you can not only fight the Deep Ones, but even Cthulhu himself!- Yes, you can join The Templars, The Illuminati, or The Dragon (not literal flying beast dragon, basically a Chinese Triad who is just as dangerous as the other two).- Yes, you can craft your own weapons, gear, and Glyphs (equivalent to Diablo's Runes).- What if you unlock every single skill? There's still more! You can augment your skills to make you character even more deadly & powerful, plus there's the Auxiliary Weapons (special very powerful weapons that will make your character even more unique & unstoppable depending on your build).- What if you want you character to look like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ Yup you can definitely do that, every faction has their own Faction Uniforms and you can buy other cosmetic outfits anywhere in the game.- Want to replay a quest to build up your character? Do it as much as you want (of course there is a cooldown), replay a quest however many times as you please an you'll still get experience for skills & loot regardless of how powerful you are.- Not liking the interface or something in the game is bothering you? Mods are fully supported in the game to alter the UIs and even make things easier to adjust, make quests easier to find, auto-upgrade your stuff, disassemble loot for you, help make crafting stuff easier, even mods to help you build a powerful character, yeah Funcom, the owners of the game fully support mods. Of course if you get/create a mod that acts like a cheat, those will not work (even if you somehow do get them to work, the cheat mod, Funcom can just as easily ban you, so don't try it).There's honestly too many awesome things that make this game THE BEST out there.I've played WoW, EVE Online, Guild Wars, ARK Survival Evolved, Warframe, Rift, Requiem Memento Mori, I lost interest in all of them - Secret World is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!"
76561197983841066,Not Recommended,215280,18645586,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hoarse,"You likely won't be able to play it as the patcher is broken, and has been broken for years. There is no evidence that they have made any progress on fixing it."
,Not Recommended,215280,18493534,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,SirSyntax,"As much as I enjoy a lot of different aspects in this game, especially the way skill advancement, it just wasn't all that engaging. All this game does is make me sad that the World of Darkness MMO got cancelled."
76561198009025108,Recommended,215280,16353869,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gozu,
,Not Recommended,215280,20638380,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Long-Haired Hare,"(Played in the Beta, writing from memory.)It's an interesting MMO that had a few very clever ideas (ARG-sort of puzzles that encourage you to use real-world knowledge and resources to solve) and quite a lot of fun story that was engaging in an interesting supernatural-normalicy way.Now if only it followed through after the first area instead of more-or-less recycling the same thoughts and ideas. REALLY cool concept with great potential that just... doesn't stay afloat long enough to make a proper MMO."
76561197998183512,Not Recommended,215280,33900405,Posted: 30 July,all,Dark Horse,"This review is based on playing through the original Secret World endgame and the Legends story.Pro: The story, imagination, and world detail in this MMO is excellent.  There's a skippable cutscene with dialog for every single main quest (thousands).  In Legends the lead story writer is long since gone and they've butchered the story somewhat but it's still good.Con: Everything else.  Literally.- The biggest problem is that Funcom has taken absolutely everything and made it into a pyramid grind where the work increases exponentially to get to the next level (yes, work).  They seem to have no idea how they will make money to pay for the game so they've just made everything they could think of into a pay to get ahead grind (aka pay to win).  Upgrading almost anything is a pyramid scheme where the next level is twice as much work/money, so after a few levels the effort involved is so great that it's only feasable by paying cash.  As you unlock weapons the remaining weapon types get more expensive.  Cosmetic items cost money.  Mystery boxes cost money.  You get a few free passes, but you actually have to pay to get dungeon instance loot before the end of a 2nd dungeon.  And because they have no sound business plan they just change things on a whim and make your investments worth less or sometimes worthless.  Somebody on the forums paid $400 for prize boxes only to have the win formula massively overhauled.- They need a lot of money because the game technically is a horror show, so this grind won't ever get better.  As an example, you can get stuck in the terrain where it's impossible to get out even by resetting the game; you get back in and are stuck and can't even teleport.  So they need people standing by to respond to problems.  It's full of glitches in the engine, the interface, the infrastructure outside the game: account management, web site, patcher.  Everything.  If you scroll down text areas and lists too fast with the mousewheel it'll actually scroll up!  The game takes up an extra 20 GiB simply because their game data files are full of holes (compresses over 50% with zip).  It's amazing just how incompetent these software developers are in every area.- The combat mechanics before was awkward and repetitive, but active and passive abilities were many and there was a lot of thought and strategy in choosing a Magic style cardgame like ""deck"" of abilities.  In Legends, the abilities are simple and gimmicky so there is nothing interesting about the combat system at all, it's just awkward and repetitive.- The original Flash-based game interface was strange, slow, and buggy.  In Legends, Funcom made the interface worse by forcing a center of the screen targetting cursor on a game not designed for it.  The game requires switching often between ""hud mode"" where you have a mouse cursor and targetting mode where the mouse moves the camera, but this is done by pressing alt and even simple yes/no dialogs can't be answered without switching modes twice.  It's actually impossible to bind keys to dialog options.  There's no way to consistently target the same mob.  The interface has gone from consistent and bad in Secret World to inconsistent and bad in Legends.And all this is a real shame because the original story was enough to make the game worth playing anyway, but not this new Legends version.  You'll be sick to death of the p2w grind way before the end of the story, and there's no real way to get help from anybody else in the game because nothing valuable is tradeable to force you to buy things."
76561198021629119,Not Recommended,215280,32829884,Posted: 26 June,all,Sonera,"All I'm gonna say is that I loved TSW, but it seems like I don't like TSW legends much.Goodnight sweet prince"
,Not Recommended,215280,11079231,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Erroneous Bosch,"You find this written in micrographia on the side of a fire hydrant: ""File of cleric ran for pie sideways with a broken, bloody proboscis and nearby found the stars.""""File of cleric"" is an anagram of ""Circle of life,"" indicating that you need to walk counter-clockwise while quoting from the Necronomicon. ""Circle of life"" is also the first song on The Lion King soundtrack, and if we look at the 3rd letter in its lyrics (which is an o) and chop off 10% of it (thus giving us the 3.1 of pi) and turn it sideways it becomes a u. This tells us that we need to use an emote which has only now, and without announcement, been made available to us (/u) which contorts our avatar into the foetal position (also a u shape). If we then follow the direction in which our avatar's nose (proboscis) is pointing and drop all of our money (thus making us broke) at the end of the map, a vendor will materialise from the ether and hand us a scandalous article from a celeb (star) worship magazine, on which we need to wipe our blood. Given the scandalous nature of the article we have bloodied, this brings to mind ""blood libel"" indicating that we need to then translate the article into Hebrew. At this point the next clue in our investigation quest will have become apparent.If this (lack of) logic does not appeal to you and you don't get off on repetitive, undercooked combat, do not buy this game."
76561198001341954,Recommended,215280,33934737,Posted: 31 July,all,pikapocalypse,Very enjoyable MMO with fantastic worldbuilding and an interesting urban fantasy storyline.
,Recommended,215280,32998402,Posted: 29 June,all,Section9.b4t0u,one of the best unique MMORPGs out there - played the original and now playin' the f2p version as well and I love it to start the whole journey again :) don't mind the haters - try for yourself - the new payment system is fair (devs gotta live from something y'know^^) but even if you want everything for free you can have it with only a few limitations - cheers^^
,Recommended,215280,32388004,Posted: 13 June,all,EeriePancake,"This is so so much better than the original game.The crafting system has changed and is way more easy to do. The questing system is linear now, easy to follow and you're not going all over the place. They have a main hub in Agatha now with everything you need (bank, auction house, items etc) The wardrobe has all unlockable items and you can try them on anywhere in the game.There are some other things I like but I cant quite remember them now. I will add to this later if I need to.Basically, you will enjoy this game. Fo' Sure!"
,Not Recommended,215280,34851977,Posted: 9 September,all,Gearhunter,what do you mean free to play i  had to pay $30 dollers for this game and now your doing free to play? What do i get out of this?
76561198005808493,Not Recommended,215280,33935273,Posted: 31 July,all,Derrios,Now you can pay for all the things you get to get for free! What a deal. Great story with horrible mechanics/UI. Driven into ground by garbage dev decisions
,Not Recommended,215280,9597443,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Skipernicus,"I wish I could write a review for this game. According to Steam I'm been playing it for some 97 hours... But that's not really true. See, I have never played it. Funcom's account management is not exactly easy to navigate... And when I finally got my account business all squared away, there is the problem with character generation...See, I get logged off the servers before even finishing the character creation. No other game does that, and I have a really ridiculously robust internet connection.Anyway, I hear it is a good. I look forward to watching videos about it on Youtube. But sadly, despite sinking a whole lot of dollars into this title, I don't get to play it.Caveat emptor."
76561198067714984,Not Recommended,215280,11312295,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Bunbun,"I have a love hate relationship with this game.Pros:THE STORY: OH GOD THE STORY.  TRIPLE AAA STUFF RIGHT HERE.  Every singe cutscene is animated and every single mission has a cutscene to go along with it.  The writing is superb and I rate this as probably the best plot in any MMO.Attention to Detail:  You don't usually notice the little things in MMO's since they aren't the point, but this game makes them the point in some missions and with a setting like the one it has, it fits in exceptionally well, speaking of setting.The setting:  It's odd how few MMO's, or games for that matter (besides Deus Ex) have had any major foray into this kind of setting with multiple secret organizations in a modern/slightly futuristic world fighting for control.   Its great yet brings about a layer of familiarity.Clothing:  Yeah this is a pro because how many options you have.  No more is your armor cosmetic since its just talismans that dont show up on your model, instead you can truly decide how you look instead of being say a person in a can.The cons:Mechanics:  Read any review of Secret World and it will probably mention the god awful mechanics.  Combat feels sluggish and a chore, more so then other MMO's.  That and any group that is not a group mob will kill you with 100% certanty making progression fell dull.  Speaking of progression you dont really discernable grow in strength you just kinda end up stronger without knowing why (usually cause gear).  The big problem with progression in this game is that if you are going a one weapon build you can max out by the end of the 3rd area with many more to follow, meaning after that its just outfit collection.  The stealth missions made me want to kill myself IRL everytime I got one.  Not only is the stealth shoehorned in and terrible to begin with sometimes they shoe in another poorly done challenge into it that makes them so frusterating I nearly tore my hands apart at one point.Pacing:  Some points of the game feel exciting and feel like you are doing things, someother times not so much.  This wouldn't be unusual except for the fact its kind of a reverse curve.  I felt like I was doing less as the game area went on meaning every area had some good hook, but failed to keep it.Lairs:  The biggest noob trap every which really just feels like they are there to kill noobs repetedly.  Lairs are essentially end game dungeons stuck in the overworld and can be found as soon as you reach an area.  This of course gets you curious so you investigate only to die to the end game level enemies you find.  There is one every area so that means you need to leave areas uncompleted in order to progress which, for completionists, is like cutting yourself.Die to quick travel: A small con but one you visit a lot.  In order to use the quick travel system you need to die.  Thankfully there is a suicide button in game but its still a pain and damages your equipement which you then need to get fixed before the overpowered enemies rip you to shreds.Overall: I really wanted to recommend this game, I really did.  I absolutly love the atmospere, I love the story and I love how its not another Fantasy MMO and tries to be something.  This game could probably be one of the big MMO's if funcom fixed the mechanics of this game as honestly, everything else is bearable except for the mechanics."
,Not Recommended,215280,20758889,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,kim jong skillz,keep this a secret and dont let your friends buy it
,Recommended,215280,32974548,Posted: 28 June,all,Shmyules,"The Secret World is a great game. Secret World Legends (the relaunch) is even better. It improves on all of my main issues with the original game (terrible combat, confusing class system, sub-par animation and graphics, confusing flow of quests). The game is amazingly atmospheric and offers a fantastic journey. They've gone F2P and removed all of the barriers to entry so it is the perfect time to start uncovering the mysteries!"
,Not Recommended,215280,11382197,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Babakotia,"Too much forced solo play for an MMO. I really wanted to like this, the lore is very Lovecraftian/X-files and the modern day setting was a breath of fresh air. Sadly, when I get the chance to play with friends, the last thing we want is to be funneled into our own instances, to play the content separately and in parallel. The game mechanics are very mmo-like and not especially fun of themselves, which begs the question why you'd play this rather than a more fun single player game. Not recommended unless you like to play MMOs by yourself."
,Not Recommended,215280,33937533,Posted: 31 July,all,Rayzold,"How a game from a great P2P game becomes a horrible P2W game.Or even better a P2Enjoy game.Unless you are planning on paying for the monthly subscription + extras move along.Unless you pay you get half SP/AP and 8 times MORE reset timer on your quests.This isn't a remake/revamp, the same glitches from the original game remain here, unchanged.I'm already level 50, maxed 3 different weapons and bored of repeating daily quests for no reason other than gaining currency that you could buy with your wallet."
,Recommended,215280,34060330,Posted: 6 August,all,CAdaverOusPRophet,I see improvements all around from the original except on 2 parts. Less amount of skills. and the world is alot easyer. I still have memories of struggling to 1v1 a mob. now I can take on a horde no problem ;c
76561198095111752,Recommended,215280,35083918,Posted: 20 September,all,Reckin,"The story of this game, is amazing. Death to Templars, enough Said"
,Not Recommended,215280,34147593,Posted: 10 August,all,Crystal,"thanks for making me waste money on a game I didn't pay for, I want TSW, not this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198095466238,Not Recommended,215280,20493369,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,tequilajar,"Im a huge MMO fan. But some of the popular titles just arent my thing. The huge NONO for me are the ones where you keep to spam one button over and over without any rotation required. This game falls into this category. There might be a pletora of skills. Sure, but if im limited to few on my bar i just dont care.If you get the Steam client, you are still forced to update the game on the laucher, wich disables you from trying the game before your time to turn it back runs out. Bought it on sale, so whatever, but its already gone from my hard drive. Graphics are outdated, animations are bad, story might be interesting, but combat ruins it completely for me. Cant recommend."
,Not Recommended,215280,18140440,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Anrothan,"I really love... errrr ""Loved"" this game, but i will be honest, unless you are willing to dish out a few hundread, Do not get sucked in.The issues cost about $25 each (You only get issues 1-5 with base game) unless you get the Ultimate pack (Which is $60.) I was really into this game  UNTIL THEY I DISCOVERED SOMETHING TOO LATE.  The cosmetics store stuff is over priced, and yes, I am a sucker for cosmetics, I mean who isnt right, but the way they get you is everything is CHARACTER BOUND!Sure, it says account wide, but there was fine print. Allow me to elaborate:* Clothing items are gender specific and will only be unlocked for characters of the same gender.In other words, if you buy an account wide item.. it is ONLY Account wide if you have ALL OF THE SAME GENDER! Yes, yes, I understand that it is my fault and what is a few dollars down the drain right? What ever happen to ligitament account wide items? I mean.. seriously, only unlocks for males on the account? GTFO with that.   /rantAnyways, the story is amazing, I will not deny that, but I feel like I got ripped off and I just do not like to condone that kind of stuff. I have dropped thousands of dollars to games simply because I want to support the devs (I am looking at you Riot and EnMasse) and have no regrets, but when you say account wide and then jip me for it.. na, ill pass.I guess this rant has gone long enough...Game: Solid 8/10Funcom: AnotherTrionDev/10"
76561198043803806,Recommended,215280,33933979,Posted: 31 July,all,IrritatingSquirrel,"(I play via the funcom client, not steam, for the record)The Secret World was the closest thing we ever got to a successful single-player story mmo, in my opinion. Secret World Legends carries this spirit on, and the quests and writing continue to be top notch - no other mmo has anything as engaging as the Investigation quests - the quests that require you to solve riddles and use real life information and google to complete. The setting remains excellent - every myth is true, it's all even worse than the myths make it sound, it's all real, it's all going wrong, now muck in and fix it.The updated combat needs a few tweaks in terms of balance but the diversification of the weapons is a positive change. The story dungeons are accessable and easy and the Elite versions provide the difficulty challenge-focused players crave.The f2p model and paid features are relatively unobtrusive, and the game can be played completely free. There is no Pay-to-Win. You can pay to speed through the game faster, if you so wish, but I strongly reccommend taking your time and soaking it in.If you liked TSW, come and try this. It's just as good, and we'll get the continuation of the story.If you never tried TSW - well this version is free. What's stopping you?"
,Recommended,215280,31194380,Posted: 17 April,all,Servant Reborn,"The only modern setting rp. Combat is a mix of action combat with tab targetting. This means you need to face your target for your attack to connect. There is some dodging involved but combat is basically you turning and going through your number keys. The lore is fun. The game still looks pretty good and the models are interesting, especially the creatures you encounter. There are lot of references to HP Lovecraft's stories. The strength in this game is its quest. Besides story quest, there are investigation quests which require you to do research, solve puzzles. Do not look up the answer. When you solve, these you will be so proud of yourself! I highly recommend the game.FOR  SECRET WORLD LEGENDS:Basically, it's the same. The graphics are improved. The combat is more action based. Also, it seems a lot easier than the original version as it highlights certain objectives which were otherwise easy to miss if the player is not paying attention to the environment. I enjoy the combat changes. You can map abilities to your mouse buttons and the rest of your abilities can be mapped to q, e, and 1, and 2 keys. The biggest difference is LEGENDS has levels. Currently, I believe the cap is 50."
76561198092485740,Recommended,215280,34691167,Posted: 2 September,all,sbell124,"This game has it all.  I really like the reboot a lot.  If you like monsters, horror, and conspiracy theories, this is the game for you.  Better w/ a friend, but def. a soloists game as well.  There are lots of microtransactions, but you can easily enjoy the game w/o spending a single dime of real money."
76561198027118635,Recommended,215280,34271786,Posted: 16 August,all,Xinaura,I love the depth of story detail coupled with the action reticle mechanics it makes for a fun MMO.
76561197999439832,Recommended,215280,34193193,Posted: 12 August,all,Doomfield,"SWL has a wonderful story inspired by the horror stories of Lovecraft and every conspiracy theory... ever, it's a dark world filled with monsters pulled from a Stephen King novel or a Conan Story. The combat has been recently improved from the old tab targetting model of early 00's mmo's and replaced with reticule targeting of the... late 00's mmo's... Regardless the point of the game is not the combat, which is servicable, it's the rich story and bizarre characters. I can't speak to the transactions really, I've yet to be interested in purchasing anything, although I will say I'm only through the first area of questing. Make no mistake this is an MMO in the old sense, you're gonna go kill 8 of this type of zombie then 8 of this other type of zombie, I think the grind is worth the payoff. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,215280,34983264,Posted: 15 September,all,FishStampede,"Easily the best story of any MMO I've ever played (wtih FFXIV coming in a close second). Great community. New version has streamlined a lot. I have a few quibbles about how *much* has been streamlined, but overall a positive experience."
76561198126287621,Not Recommended,215280,19280607,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,XSV Plague,this game was a waste of money.  I was very disappointed with what i experienced.  Game play all around was very very sluggish and movement was very rudamentary and stiff.
76561198070713864,Not Recommended,215280,13196626,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Knugen,"This game is just broken as hell.I can't talk anything about the gameplay because the game would just freeze when connecting to a server.You could try yourself, but only if there is a sale."
,Not Recommended,215280,22464446,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,loc,"The atmosphere and narrative are great... but... there are some MAJOR flaws that need to be known.Really, this should have been a single player game - not an MMO. I have no tolerance for ""solo only"" instances in an MMO.  An MMO should never have less functionality than a co-op game.  There are no excuses.I've heard all the malarkey about how making instances multi-player would ruin the narrative for some players.  These are all lies. You will have to endure instanced killing quests that are solo only as well.  Were is the narrative in that?What it boils down to is lazy design.  At the most formative moments you will be forced to disband and slog through instances on your own because Funcom didn't want to deal with the net-code.  This is not how an MMO works kids.  14 year old games like Neverwinter Nights did far better than this and it wasn't even an MMO.Also, at it's heart it's just another task running game.  Yup.There are really good cut-scenes and voice-overs but still it all amounts to a lot of task running.  To add to the monotony, there is a quest helper that tells you exactly where you need to go for those hundreds of task running quests.   So basically you've got your shopping list for a months long shopping trip.Instead of exploring the maps, you'll be starring at your quest helper...  but hey, you get some great dialogue along the way - and I do mean that.This would be a great single player game, or at least a good one...  but if you're looking to play with friends you will hit roadblocks.  Roadblocks that should never exist in an MMO.  It is absolutely inexcusable to have an MMO be cooperatively less functional than a multi-player game.Sorry Funcom.  Great effort but you need to go back to basics."
76561197993526425,Not Recommended,215280,14653459,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Engar,"I might recommend this if you just want a mediocre solo game.  The issue being there are much stronger solo games out there with much better storylines, graphics, and npc interactions.  I ackowledge that the story is ocassionally above average for an mmo, but I prefer social interaction and grouping in my mmo's... so as not to defeat the purpose of an mmo.  There seems to be a general reluctance to use any form of voice chat by players and a strong preference for solo play.  There is very little community and what little exists is largely relegated to build discussions.  If you want a solo game with in game forum accesss... have at it.  If you are seeking interaction with others, group strategy and mechanics... play an actual mmo instead."
,Not Recommended,215280,17105651,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Neko Ragafraga,its not a good game i just really couldnt get into it i tryed but i really couldnt
,Recommended,215280,33366386,Posted: 8 July,all,Dog Face,Didn't think I would have as much fun as i did.
,Recommended,215280,30782812,Posted: 27 March,all,La nada,Want to play a ♥♥♥♥ing good mmo with an unique flavor and not have to pay a ♥♥♥♥ing subscription? Try TSW.Enough said
,Recommended,215280,18954616,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sanjha (Lurker),It's okay I guess.
,Not Recommended,215280,2906452,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,☩Sparrow421,"Bought it a while ago looking for an mmo to get into. I tried to like it but i just couldnt. I hate the really lame go here do this and come back quests that these types of mmos do. It is not engaging at all. I would rather just grind monsters for hours than do these meaningless chores and the microtransaction shop ingame just added to my frustration. I bought the game but i dont get everything? At the time i bought it they did not advertise anywhere anything about a microtransaction shop. All that on top of being overly chore ridden, bad voiceacting, and a poor plot line. I would have to not recommend this to anybody."
76561198019475328,Recommended,215280,19888594,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,W O M B A T,gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
76561197982838541,Not Recommended,215280,10375399,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,-=Ðﮐ=-Ris,"This game would've been nice. While the story line is great, the combat and skill animations are really dull and boring. Another negative thing about this game is that Funcom recycled mobs too much."
,Not Recommended,215280,10817849,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nrom,"I had fun with this game for a bit.  You can greatly customize your character while playing, both in appearance and with the weapons and skills you use to play the game.  Unfortunately, I reached a point where I wasn't able to advance any further while soloing.  I wasn't interested in raiding or doing dungeons, so the MMORPG aspect of the game wasn't a big draw for me.  I still had fun while I played, though, and it reminded me of some aspects of Anarchy Online."
,Not Recommended,215280,13208784,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Red_Hat_Rage,"Interesting game, it's kinda confusing more the most part. I'd recommend if it's on sale since It can't hold my interest for more than 20 minutes at a time."
,Not Recommended,215280,13820595,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DeamonXul,"32 + HOURS PATCHING .... still havent played.  :( I have had this game for weeks and still cant play.Updates:50+ hours still patching over and over.... :)---69 hours of patching and finally started the game, yikes. how can anyone play this game with patches taking weeks.---dammit, played game like an hour and lost connection now wants to download 40+ gigabytes to patch. WHAT THE HELL!?!?---Just downloaded the whole game again, tried to run it in steam and the game crashes.  Now steam says it is not installed and I HAVE TO DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN!"
,Not Recommended,215280,13877493,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,sNek,"Boring, clunky, and tiny repetative zones make for a game that is mildly interesting for about an hour and a half, but by the time your pizza is finished cooking, you will be mind numbingly bored with everything about this title.  On a side note, none of the ""guns"" have more than 5-10 feet of range, which  is extremely dissapointing.   edit 6/29/17 - the relaunch is just the same exact game again."
76561198029211878,Not Recommended,215280,15219257,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ktharq,"I really really wanted to like this game. It's got a cool approach to the MMORPG, however it falls flat on its face once you meet 'end game'. Once you've finished the lore/campaign or gone as far as you wish to/can(if you don't buy the DLC you don't get more content) go. Your options are PVP or running instances of previously run instances on a harder setting... Now this in itself isn't too terrible, but the PVP is extremely boring. The instancing is somewhat better, but I prefer instancing to PVP anyway. Now add the fact that if you don't wish to PVP and want to do the instances, you'll be spending the majority of your time waiting for 1 of 4 roles needed for a 4 man group. You'd think a basic need for 2 dps, 1 healer, and 1 tank, would be easy to acquire. But more often than not I sat around waiting, and waiting, and waiting. Wondering why I was logged in when I could be playing some other game and actually PLAYING THE GAME. I was told the answer to this problem, is to join a cabal(guild/clan, etc.). So I did, and everything was great, for about a week. Then it was back to waiting to maybe, eventually, PUG(pickup groups)(with a few cabal mates if lucky). The major reason getting people to do these groups however isn't really the communities fault. The game bars you from doing the instances more than once every 24 hours or something like that. Which is beyond stupid. Ok, you don't want people without lives to grind to the top in no time flat, I get that. But here's something that many other games have employed, it's called loot-lock. The ability to still run the instance is there, but those precious loots you normally run for that drop off the bosses, don't drop for you. Why this is important, this allows friends to help out other friends who maybe couldn't run the instance when everyone else was able to. So they can help the friend out by running with the group, filling the role required, but not powerleveling/gearing through the game. Because this feature is non-existant, we come back to my biggest complaint, and really the only one that matters. I consider it a 'game-breaker', instead of playing the game, I am constantly waiting on 1 other freaking person to fill 1 freaking role just to run an instance I can only do every 24 hours. Everything up to that I enjoyed, the story telling and voice acting are masterful. The setting and atmosphere are true to the genre with great graphics to help bring the world to life. If you are looking for an MMO to get into for a while but eventually leave by the way side, this might be a fun trip for you, but if you plan on staying a while, you'll probably be disappointed with the end game or lack thereof. Also, I'd like to state that I wish this wasn't such a black and white rating system. I'd like to give points and credit where it's due, but my overall feelings are not recommended for someone who wants a new MMO home."
,Not Recommended,215280,19987781,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BeastBoy,"I really wanted to like this game, it was pretty entertaining for a bit, but compared to other mmo's it just seems standard. Not too bad, not too good. More of a time passer kind of game."
76561198036638347,Recommended,215280,33937069,Posted: 31 July,all,Sansania,"Really enjoying this game, much better combat then 'The secret world' and much easier to understand the builds. Really looking forward to events coming up and the continuation of the story."
,Recommended,215280,33089519,Posted: 1 July,all,PoopTriscuit,AMAZING
,Recommended,215280,34796363,Posted: 7 September,all,Murica,"I am only coming up on my third day playing through it again but I'm having a blast and still freaked right tf out a few times even after so many times playing through it. No other mmo has had me screaming in terror at a fence.Combat is fun, anyone that says it's ""tab targeting"" needs to lay off the meth and go play wow to remember how bad mmo gameplay actually is/was. This is what Hell Gate London would of been if it had been made by time traveling cyborgs that could at least write code.It does have the occasional janky graphical moment here and there still but it's actually freaked me out more on occasion because of this. The combat and quest flow are now smooth as a babbies♥♥♥♥♥. All of this has been greatly improved.Skill tree is indeed dumbed down but there's still more options than i'll ever be able to unlock, nevermind figure out how to use. They could let you slot a few more abilities though, only having 4 is pretty dumb. This is on PC not a Nintendo Wii.I write all of this having not paid a single dime and have no plans to ever pay them for anything ever again. When they get done adding in the content they used to have it will be more solid than it ever was. If they can be arsed to add beyond that I think it will do well in the long term with a few tweeks. It's funcom however so...tl:dr play it for free and see if they can get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together after 20 years of screwing up good mmos. The combat is still fun and beyond the imagination of most such games, The setting and story lines are A+. Don't pay a dime until you have been playing for a few days...if ever..."
76561198070651352,Not Recommended,215280,20188585,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,PrivateRyanINDE,the cinematic cutscenes made this game look amazing but now im wishing id torrneted it before paying the full price. the controls are.... strange to say the least and the gameplay overall feels like a spin off of diablo that i would have enjoyed very much had the controls been better. as far as im concerned this is a game i will never play unfortunantly.
,Not Recommended,215280,22656606,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ciggy Tardust,"First of all this is going to be a salty, biased review (or rather experience) from someone who had a bad time.Game sounded great, I liked the idea, never really played an MMO before and this sounded like fun. The game takes a lot of GPU to run for what it is, and I visited the forums after trying to get this to work and they said a lot of users with beefy computers complain about FPS issues. The game is just programmed bad and won't work for some computers.For reference, I can run The Elder Scrolls Online (2014) on computer, well above the minium settings. I eventually found out that I can't run The Secret World (2012) at more than 55% of minium GPU settings. The RAM and processor is fine, though. I'm not going to say this game has bad graphics, but let's just say when I bought this, it had absolutely nothing to do with the graphics, didn't even come to mind. Never thought I'd have a problem, either.So the start of the game I'm at an almost playable 24 FPS, then when I'm in the overworld with a bunch of players it's virtually impossible to play the game. 8-12 FPS. For more reference, I've played recent-ish games like Dishonored and Alien: Isolation with smooth FPS and not problems.Anyways, I asked for a refund through Steam support. It was denied because I went over the 2 hours of ""gameplay"" with 5 hours. The thing is the first 3-3 1/2 hours were spent on the desktop staring at a broken installer & patcher. It kept going over. So say it's ""548 MB"" download, it'd show ""590 MB/548 MB"" and it'd just bug out. I did some googling and visited The Secret World forums. I've ran multiple ""repairs"" in the options of this patcher, which take a long time. Keep in mind the game is over 40 GB. And I'm just leaving it in the background, glitched out and incapable of finishing, then I find out through hours of digging in the forum that you have to disable your anti-virus. Did that and after 3 hours I can actually start the game.So, say you buy this and for whatever reason and you need a refund, technical issue or not, you could potentially lose your refund over a poorly designed program. The game never instructed me to turn off anti-virus, neither did Steam. I got about 20 minutes of a choppy, studdering tutorial, 3+ hours staring at a broken downloading bar, and an hour and a half of tweaking video settings while alt-tabbing to google people complaining about how the game doesn't run right.I have nothing against this game, I think I would have enjoyed it, but it shouldn't be on the store. It has too many problems. And Steam's customer support is the worst. No wonder they were graded an F. I'm going to go be a salty sailor and carefully research every game I download now.I hate people."
,Not Recommended,215280,16677469,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,WastedMerc,"I fail to see what is good about this game, the combat system is total crap and the game itself is very grindy. You must watch the video to get the hints to complete the missions. If you enjoy the illusion of a do what you want sandbox game that actually dictates what you must do, get this game"
,Not Recommended,215280,15083807,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,fornix,Too much lag.
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,215280,16751330,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",DatedUnoptimized (massive random framedrops on a 5000$ rig)Convoluted & confusing
76561198135751147,Not Recommended,215280,15203379,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,C17H19NO3 Zaralyne,"I bought this game a while back and was able to play it once, to no avail as everything was messed up looking when I played it. Sometime later, I updated my graphics card and went to try it again only to find that I couldnt even log into the game because the client didnt recognize my password. I went to their websie, changed my password for ""all games"", went to log in again and it still said that it didnt recognize my password. This is complete BS and frankly it wasnt worth my time to even do that much as the game is so buggy it prob wouldnt even work to begin with."
76561198043193444,Not Recommended,215280,11511118,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,jtaylo36,"While this game is rich in the way that it tells its story parts, there are three main problems with it.The first is that you really determine how in depth your character is going to be when running around and piecing together the plot. Normally this would be a fine example of roleplaying if it weren't for the second problem.The second problem here being that you don't really have a character in this Role Playing Game. Sure, you have an avatar, that runs around and does things and hits all the appropriate buttons and whatnot, but you aren't really given much of an option to say anything in conversation to any one of the seemingly infinite number of quest givers. You can 'ask' questions afterward, but they don't really have much of an impact with all the people talking either like sceptics, zealots, or inferring everthing in a way that nauseatingly reminds one of 'Wicker Man'. So without any real Character building, the only role that you would play seems to come from the Society you join, however...The third major problem comes from there being no real difference between the societies. Of course, your taskmasters are different, you have different cutscenes and different cities that you are based in, but they still all ask you go to the same places, to do the same things, and nothing changes.Aside from the lacking in character, the rest of the game holds up well. The enemies are varied and lean heavily on horror inspired literature, the difference between the gloom and harsh lighting in the game gives the palpable feel of hoplessness the game strives to achieve, and the combat mechanics are very MMO.A decent game, but not one I'm willing to sink my teeth into."
,Not Recommended,215280,9747765,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,kazereal,"The problem with this is simple: it is not much fun to play.The way gameworld has been setup does not match the gameplay itself.For example, there are plenty of ""cannon fodder"" (low-level zombies etc.)but user interface and the way player interacts with character and the world has not been createdfor this kind of gameplay.Gameplay itself is slow, clunky and awkward and maybe meant for something turn-based or more tactical than what the world in this game now expects."
76561198148245449,Not Recommended,215280,11867530,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,mlonstott,"I have played many MMO's and this game has lost my interest in the first little town I went to.  I have died several times without really being givin the chance to learn the game.  I even made a new char with a recommended ""build"" and I still got killed.  This game is incredibly railroaded from I could see.  I honestly feel like I wasted my money on buying this game."
,Recommended,215280,24050481,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Links Sweet Suculent Lips,My butt is a secret world!
76561198066318281,Not Recommended,215280,15977008,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,derstorey,"I like the game, but server is so unstable, I cannot play the game, it often logs you out after less than 1 min and this happens constantly. Wrote asking why, as expected no answer.Definitely do not recommend."
76561198081736947,Not Recommended,215280,10952167,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lucius.Blackheart,Solid Concept and decent gameplay but the community no longer exists.  a friend got me into this and it lasted less then a week before he stopped helping and playing and no one esle was around to play with so i quit.
,Not Recommended,215280,9875522,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Keminus,"Started off as a refreshing MMO experience, with quests that were original, intriguing and challenging - using the web to invesigate cases being a good example. However, the more you play, the more you notice the classic mmo trope of kill 20 of these, collect 10 of that, and the annoyance begins to grow. Couple this with bugs (should have been sorted by now) and a confusing upgrade system, and you have a game that, overall, isn't enjoyable to play."
76561197996326236,Not Recommended,215280,13748415,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,We're All Proles,"By far the most arduous and convoluted registration process I have ever encountered.  Anywhere.  For Anything.  Been trying to register for hours, it seems to be confusing to Funcom that I owned one of their other games previously.  (Age of Conan)  Still haven't been able to play at all and now their registration page is down...https://register.thesecretworld.com/= 502 Bad Gateway nginx  WTF!!!!  It's been a while since I've literally screamed at my computer screen/muttered to myself  out of rage/frustration."
,Not Recommended,215280,14440804,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Aeriane,"Bought this game and it was terribly made. My computer can handle pretty much anything and no matter how much I adjusted the settings the game would blur and dim at random points as you were exploring, you turned side to side at molasses speeds, the gameplay was pretty bad and didn't interest me in the first hour of even playing. I went so far to ask for a refund which I never do, even if I don't enjoy a game, and of course was blown completely off. I would NOT recommend this game to anyone, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,215280,13666010,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[Alewood] Darkeh,"Downloaded the game to be greeted with another 4 gig update ontop of the pre-existing 18 gigs which had already taken me the best part of half a week to download. Following that, I played the game alright for a while with little difficulty and it was relatively fun, similar to WoW in style I'm told by friends, game mechanics graphics etc, pretty immersive. But I'm not reccomending this because not two days after downloading and installing I launched from steam without success, the process existing in task manager but the program itself would not load, after verifying the integrity it turned out I had 18 gigs of download waiting for me. Yeah, Nah. The sign-up process is also pretty lengthy requiring you to register outside of the program itself and confirm emails for an account.Overall, the game is pretty immersive, but there's too many technical issues to make it enjoyable for me."
,Not Recommended,215280,14864217,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Freaky Medieval,"This is such an awfully boring MMO, I like the fact they tried to make it different, E.G. they made it set in 'modern' rather than old fantasy but that doesn't make it good. I'm used to the standard MMO controls but it just feels weird in this. Nobody plays it, the quests are weirdly hard sometimes, it's really dark (lighting not story) and overall not worth it. I recomend Guild Wars 2, or World of Warcraft if u want to pay £9 a month. Oh also, they customization and leveling up is so ♥♥♥♥ing complicated I just don't get it."
76561198034387238,Not Recommended,215280,14861164,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,warlock777,"Swing and a miss. While this beautiful horror MMO has an engaging world, a fun character custumization tree, and fast-paced gameplay, it lacks one critical element: playability.Multiplayer missions (which are optional) flow by quickly and are a blast to complete. Single-player missions (which are mandatory), by contrast, are three times as hard and painful to finish. While this may enhance the feeling of horror by occassionally forcing you to be all alone and out of your league, this makes it fail utterly as an MMO.  If I am signing on to play a few missions with my friends, and defeat a big boss, few things are as annoying as forcing the group to disband so we can each slog through the next segment of the mission seperately.  Since the single player missions are harder and therefore apt to take longer to complete, the result is that you sit around waiting for the one guy who is getting lost, or has a build that is all wrong for the misson to get through it, or to throw up his hands in disgust and log out.I want to like it, but I just can't."
76561198066568702,Not Recommended,215280,29750584,Posted: 6 February,all,SimplyCelly,Its fun but not quite 30 dollars worth of fun.
76561198012211750,Not Recommended,215280,19193359,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,j_todd11,Just requested a refund for this game because I can't even get logged in or set my account up with the code I was given. Theres loads of people with the same issue and its been around since 2013. The patcher also keps trying to download and patch more than it says it requires. The whole funcom system is outdated and neglected and I've never had such a hard time trying to play something than I have this. The 1.7 hours spent in game is from trying to get signed in with my account only.
,Recommended,215280,32643263,Posted: 22 June,all,neppto,"I like this game, but it doesnt have a mac compatibility"
76561197977010468,Not Recommended,215280,16934100,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Obsidian Shadow,"The Secret World is an exercice in frustration.It starts with registering your registration key and opening an account and giving your personal info and e-mail address to EA/Funcom and going through several confusing screens and finally linking your Steam account to your Funcom account. After all, that you will have to enter a special password every time you wish to play even if logged in Steam.Then you have to create a character. Choosing a nickname is a challenge in itself ! The following resource was useful to me:http://chronicle.thesecretworld.com/The third challenge is mastering the awful movement and combat controls using WASD keys for direction and hitting TAB to target monsters and hitting numbers keys for your attacks and X to sprint. Mouse is almost useless! The worst user interface I've ever seen. The combat system is basically like Guild Wars with character builds based on skills and equipment combos but more complex. This is not a game for people who like to move their character with precision and dodge attacks or outrun the enemies. Guild wars, WoW, Neverwinter Nights also use skill bars but the combat experience is much more pleasant. I don't know if this is the result of insufficient playtesting, insentitivity to player's feedback, or just the developpers smoking too much weed but this is what you have to deal with now.The fourth challenge is technical. I think the minimum specs for this game are inaccurate. I have seen many user comments that the game will not run well on a 32 bit OS. I am getting out of memory errors and screen freezes every 15-30 minutes with a high end Win 7 system  that meets the specs. I will try the game again in 1-2 years when I plan to buy a new more powerful computer because i'm interested in digging deeper into the story.So, why are there so many positive comments about this game?The graphics are nice but not cutting edge. It's the story, immersive and intriguing, that keeps people playing. There are places to explore, mysteries to solve and a Lovecraftian atmosphere and a Deus Ex feeling to this game and well-made cut scenes and I think this is why the game has dedicated fans. I have seen Youtube videos featuring late game players and bosses that seemed exciting but it may take a few years of grinding to get there. I'm frustrated but I have to stop for now.Shadow's advice:Do not buy- if you don't have a 64 bit OS and high end rig.- if you like skill based games (precise aiming, hitting, blocking, evasion)- if you are easily frustrated and impatient ( it's a bad prognosis if you haven't taken the time to read my entire review)- if your gaming budget is limited- if it is not a deeply discounted Steam sale- if you have had a bad experience with EA/Funcom in the past- if you value privacy and don't like to give out personal info to big corporations other than Steam- if you haven't read a few more of the negative comments ( I wish I had read a few more of those myself )"
76561197993530015,Not Recommended,215280,13875922,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,NuroDancer,Wow!!!! This has to be one of the worst games I have ever had the misfortune of spending money on.Be prepaired to spend most of you time dead or running back to where you died.
,Not Recommended,215280,15575960,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,joebog,"wow this game right here. when i went into the game i was greeted by a screen in which you pick your faction, there is the illuminati, the templars and the dragons, all of the videos that ""Show off"" the factions really suck. i dident give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of them. then you make you character with the limited options that the game gives you. when you get into the games first fight however this is where the game really sucks. The combat is the worst thing i have ever seen, ever. you use wsqe (thats correct) to move with a and d to turn left or right and q and e to strafe left or right, the mouse must be on right click to actully move and controll your character. this sucks beacuase the combat is you standing 5-10 meters away from you opponent and then hitting 1-5, if he gets close to you the you run away, repeat untill there dead. its boring and repetive, what more could you want."
,Not Recommended,215280,22595931,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,McLovin,"DONT BUY DONT PLAYWhile i wanted this game so bad , now i hate it so bad , big waste of 18 euro for the ultimate edition on sale , that i repent so much for , the game is ugly , bad mechanics , and EMPTY , i even played 8 hrs , i thought maybe it will get better ............. dont waste ur money , only the videos look good , dont make the same mistake i did....sadly now i cant refund , since its more than 2 hrs of gameplay. So many good free rpg's out there , dont waste money and time on this one...."
,Not Recommended,215280,17263575,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,MankySpanky,could not play even when i spend 12h downolading it
,Not Recommended,215280,17503952,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,ShurrShot,"Sitting at an endless download launcher for so long that it logged enough hours that i can now not chargeback. Beware! **Problem solved** the launcher freaks out if you have razer synapse running and has been a know problem since 2012 and hasnt been fixed.Now i am having the problem of it not accepting my username and password. I can log into the website, but when i log in in-game it says ""Authentication failure. Please not that passwords are case sensitive"".Everything about trying to play this game has been a wreck and i havent even gotten to the part where you have to create a character nickname that is damn near impossible because the name is either taken or deemed vulgar (my wife tried mstactical and it was denied as being vulgar)"
76561198120540428,Not Recommended,215280,18757172,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Spreelly,screw EA and there sign in bull.
,Not Recommended,215280,18957775,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Grotty Koala,shocking....cant even get it to work???
,Not Recommended,215280,19044760,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Syphiric,Its boring
,Not Recommended,215280,19367367,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Celebnor,"I do not know but after one month, I couldnt access the game, I think it is not the whole pass I bought, It was just one month fee... Please be aware that you are not buying the whole access to the game, it is just one month fee"
76561197992804851,Recommended,215280,26098644,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Lt.Bullcrap,"great game, very entertaining stories"
76561198213366912,Recommended,215280,32296340,Posted: 9 June,all,Rampage,it's nice but i hope you make an option so i can remove that circle from the screen i dont like it  rest is bad♥♥♥♥♥i will full support you and i hope you make the storry so you can understand the finish of ich chapter its better that way or at list make it so i no that will be a continue of that and pls add effect on swords elemental effect you no the first trailer you make of the previos game when  shes atack in the ckicken she use fire elemental on sword and you dont implement that on game that whos bad even it whos a trailer but add pls good effect on magic and other skils the rest is super super nice love you guys best mmo
76561197992159791,Recommended,215280,17704407,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,kordulus,"i've played this one off and on for a few weeks, delving into it enough to ensure i hadn't wasted my money. The game itself is different than any other MMO i've played in the aspect of it's puzzles. Some of these are literally undoable unless you google the answer (which they actually tell you to do,even call the quest a ""google quest"") or if you happen to be a brain.Now in my opinion  that isn't a bad thing, it's a new form of challenge and a game without challenge gets boring easy.Gameplay itself is pretty nice. Not class based whatsoever. The weapons you equip decide your skills and there are many skills to unlock. If you get tired of a weapon and want another, you can switch anytime you want. You aren't restrticted.You'll find out pretty fast the best gear comes from dungeons  (as with most games) but the playerbase is pretty low so finding a group for the dungeon can be difficult sometimes although i have to say the community is very nice. There is usually someone willing to run newbies through dungeons just for the sake of entertainment.Armor doesn't affect style. You can wear what stats you want while wearing a cosmetic style over it.Character creation is pretty lame. Not many choices to pick from and no long hair choices at all...well they say long hair but it's shoulder length..That's about as much as i can say as i'm still pretty new to the game still."
,Not Recommended,215280,28995993,Posted: 3 January,all,Oz,"So I decided to give this game a whirl...  first found out that Steam's ""Ultimate Edition"" is NOT the complete edition.  If you have patience you can find the Complete edition floating around for $18 or so....  but that was not my luck.  I had to spend another $18 on top of the original payment to make it complete.  Thus my irritation with the way this game is handled began from the start.The game itself is great.  Intriguing stories, great innovative character customization and development... until you finish the third major story arc then it comes to a crashing halt and becomes a grind fest.  Getting to this point you realize that the game is unbalanced as you progress.... Yes, you have all this freedom for customization but there's many points where your leveling mistakes will bite your♥♥♥♥♥hard.The game already does very little to hold your hand to figure things out, which is good, but the sudden focus on grinding in the 4th act strikes me as a weak attempt to add more content without actually doing so.  Simulation scenarios....  Joy, because I'd rather be doing X-men training room exercises instead of solving a mission.  *sarcasm*  Cripes it's not like there's a famine on Occult Detective or Urban Fantasy ideas.... but I digress.Funny thing... I let it all slide...  Funcom's ""store"" is filled mostly with crap costume items.  What would I need there?...I was a happy little bee leveling up and knowing my ""membership"" that I got with my Ultimate pack was about to run out.  I was ready for the decrease in EXP, Bullion, and Cash....  the 8 hour mission cooldown didn't worry me too much because I usually get on a few times a day and the cooldown never bothered me.  It says ""No Subscription Required"" right?  I wasn't too worried.Membership ran out:JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST....  I found out the hard way that some mission cooldowns are almost THREE DAYS!!!  WTF! This is totally unreasonable.  Absolutely unacceptable.  Already forcing me to grind, but NO, I can't grind on the missions I like the most because, frankly, the others just aren't worth it or are boring.But wait... there's a 1 time use ""cooldown"" vial you can buy for about $5.... or just shell out $15 a month for 8 hour cooldowns.Can I honestly reccomend this game?  UMMM..... NO.Overall...  Great game ruined by unbalanced progression and greedy game breaking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.-------------------I'm adding more because I'm bored.  Why am I bored?  Loading screens.  Be prepared... to wait... and wait... and wait... a fourth of my entire time playing seems like loading screens.  Those missions that have problems?  The ones where you have to go to multiple locations are the worst because of the endless loading.Gaaahh.... just fix it.  Someone put some shine on this pearl in the muck.  Please?  OH... wait.  It had been staring at me the entire time, like a giant 666 on the forehead, until it finally hit me.  EA...  right in my face, but now it's sunk in... EA has marked it... thus it is only for the damned."
76561197991061581,Recommended,215280,34957078,Posted: 14 September,all,Totoro,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡ ノ ､ |/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,215280,34029238,Posted: 4 August,all,TiNxMaNx,Great game ton of fun deffinetely worth it
76561198019290135,Recommended,215280,33022775,Posted: 29 June,all,Lightbane,"This does not download properly, the game that you download from steam is the original game none of the files have changed."
,Not Recommended,215280,34009159,Posted: 3 August,all,Burks,"This game failed once, it WILL fail again."
,Not Recommended,215280,33524449,Posted: 13 July,all,Wulfman,"I feel like they need a better account system. Like when i click on the website, and login on the page, it directs me to a Age of Conan Unchained sub-account menu. That is rather annoying, their layout for account information, such as games you have linked to your account etc. this is all highly flawed! And its completely insane, that i can login on the website, with my account information, but can't login with it on the game... Like serious update issues there.And, for some reason when i go to reset my stuff through my email. It says i have multiple screen names. (I don't, but i try each and everyone) to see if i can play my game i spent good money on... Only to be shut down with every screen name, and password combination i have ever used."
,Not Recommended,215280,9766803,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,FairysHuff - PantsuOdoom!,"I tried installing 7 times. The last tiny few KB would not install so I have no idea if the game is any good or not. I gave up. Installer is ALMOST as bad as the original EU Tera client. And everyone knows how bad that was.""Fatal Error: Not all resources were downloaded correctly. Please restart the Update Manager.""I'm tired of restarting it and getting the same message everytime. Screw you Secret World."
,Not Recommended,215280,13172352,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,evildonald,"The quests are interesting and the ideas are actually quite original and fun, but the combat and skills system lets it all down.I was horribly disappointed that you can only have one ""super"" skill equipped at a time, and the sameness of all the different attacks made combat dull, and that's a pity because combat is about 80% of the game.All in all I tried to love it, but just got bored with the fighting.6/10"
76561198013352531,Recommended,215280,32532916,Posted: 18 June,all,gyyn,"Overall:                                    D+revised story lines:                  Bin game help/explanation:      D-item progression:                    B+user interface:                         FArgartha travel update:           BRevised Story lines:Organic progress of quest points has improved. Unfortunately if you miss a link in the chain it is challenging to reconnect.In Game help/explanation:In the Beta there is not enough in game explanation of how the game mechanics work. Hopefully the true release will include meaningful in game tools to explain character advancement choices . It is frustrating to attempt to figure out how  character advancement works by spending non-refundable resources.Item Progression:The item progression is definitely an improvement over TSW. Unfortunately the late of in game explanation/help under mines the improvement.User Interface:Migration to mouse centric in game character facing removes the ability to interact via the mouse with the character and game meta.  Too many thing still require a mouse over to see the tool tip and a keyboard press to enable mouse over. Shift between keyboard and mouse is painfully frustrating. I hope that this will improve in the actual released game but I fear this is the desired/designed outcome.Argartha travel update:Much, much, much easier to get to the quest hubs. Unfortunately there is significant delay built into the travel between hubs. Significantly better than TSW, but fails short of user friendly."
,Not Recommended,215280,9240392,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Slore,"As many people stated, there are aspects of the game that are fun and exciting. Then, there are the terrible aspects that just make the game not fun. Everyone talking about brain testing, is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They put an ingame browser in the game that you can access with the press of a button. This guide can access ANYTHING on the internet, so it's no brain teaser.Developing a character build is painful, because there just isn't a real point to building anything other than what you think would be fun. It is worth saying, the cookie cutter classes are kind of removed becuase you can actually master EVERY skill in the game. You're not bound to a specific set of skills. It's just mind numbing to try and mull through the days it will take to get the points needed.The combat system is just awful, and the lack of hotkeys makes it even worse. Every time you pull a mob, it always runs PAST you. This makes melee combat chains frustrating as hell.PVP is a joke, fighting over nodes and the normal song and dance. While not particularly exciting, the part that sucks is the combat itself again. You basically just have people who stand still and AoE because there is nothing to worry about. There is no skill or tactics, just spam your AoE and hope the other person dies first. The only part that is even worth looking into is the actual capture of the nodes, which is just more PVE.The conspiracy theory that fuels the game is interesting. The story drives you to want to play, it's just the other parts that make you stop. Lackluster character creation, inventory management, and a rediculous crafting system makes this game a no brainer. Find something better to play."
76561197995324602,Recommended,215280,33937467,Posted: 31 July,all,Marcian The Clever,"Simply put, this is the best MMO out there. The best story, world, and immersion. The gameplay mechanics are only okay, but if you're here for presentation and imagination, there is no rival. Strongly, strongly recommended."
76561197993552296,Recommended,215280,33946964,Posted: 1 August,all,Raptor,"It's free, good story. Now with faster combat."
,Not Recommended,215280,17815563,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,NAP,"Overall, nice idea but ... Nope. Feels like you got a new job but nobody tells you what to do."
,Not Recommended,215280,10151902,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,OldManMercy,"The writing and story in this MMORPG is superb. Top notch. I loved the storyline and plot twists. Unfortunately, the game's difficulty level shot upward WAY too fast.Read up on builds and synergies to no avail. The ONLY way I could progress was by ""outleveling"" the content....which shouldn't have been both possible and necessary.Possible in the fact that the game touts ""no levels""...which is true in a sense. You..the character have no level. YOUR GEAR DOES. If you don't have the very best gear(which takes an ungodly amount of grinding to get) you're not going to get very far.Necessary in the fact that despite the advertised ""create your own character""...if you don't have certain abilities and weapon sets, you're not going to be able to complete even the basic storyline.The loot system is an archaic and terribad need/greed system.Character models are clones of one another, with badly represented character models from Age of Conan copy/pasted over.The grind starts early and doesn't let up.No, what could've been a visionary and revolutionary game went the way of the dodo."
,Not Recommended,215280,32960318,Posted: 28 June,all,Alize,R.I.P
76561198046552063,Recommended,215280,33041259,Posted: 30 June,all,shinigaminerd,"So how do I access the updated game, everytime I go to install I get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old version?  That's not to say the game is horrible, just the old style of combat was the reason I quit back after launch."
76561198005815027,Recommended,215280,33948205,Posted: 1 August,all,Albedo Piazolla,"played the original and loved it, yet like the original I dont get to play as Sam or Dean. Devs should fix that issue. besides, why not have Sam and Dean in this? it would make it perfect."
76561198028801578,Recommended,215280,34662550,Posted: 1 September,all,skwerewolf,"Played both TSW and now SWL, and despite complaints of other players, I think it's still amazing game. Yes, the gear is grindy, but it always was, and at least now you don't need raid loot to upgrade it. Story is still amazing, dungeons are still fun and farming lairs with group is as much fun as it always was..."
76561198033206887,Recommended,215280,35278017,Posted: 28 September,all,Perk,"Enjoyable game. People ♥♥♥♥♥ing are the ones whom have been there for a long period of time and do not wish to transition. They are at least making a change to attempt to stop the game from dying. I don't know how many people play, but the story is fun at the very least. Hope to see some end game play but we'll see."
76561197985719335,Not Recommended,215280,12207466,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lancer,"While the story is very atmospheric, the game lacks longevity or any sort of endgame. The progression system has attempted to move laterally instead of vertically by creating new shoehorned in systems with every content update. Ultimately, good for a steam sale, but not at full price."
,Not Recommended,215280,14088268,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,ArkaineOne,"Secret World is an amazing game that will immerse you in it's intense environments and clever stories. Character building is innovative and the modern day twist makes it feel real.So why would I not recommend it? Your friends will never play it and the people in game are just like you. Paranoid, delusional, consipiracy theorists who want to indulge in a World that placates to their whimsy.Now ask yourself. Would I reach out to talk to someone I don't know in game?Great, now you know exactly why this game is awesome but so heartbreaking at the same time."
,Recommended,215280,34456556,Posted: 24 August,all,Rune Takashi [TW:Shogun 2?],"All you need to know about the factions in a nutshell you can tell in the first 5 minutes of interaction with them all.The Templar Hire you.The Illuminati Kidnap and experiment on you.The Dragon Seduce you.Other than that its mostly spinning a color wheel. =)Was a big fan of the original game, and so far the combat has been cleaned up a little bit, and the leveling streamlined a bit. So overall... Have fun. give it a good chance."
76561197983627145,Recommended,215280,8043756,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,chriswest13,AQWEFqaEfAQe
76561197974773679,Not Recommended,215280,11681400,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Allahs Pilot,Horrible game graphics blow like PS1 blow.  Game itself sucks controls are horrible quests are dumb
,Not Recommended,215280,13608997,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Tiwill,"- Clunky, boring and repetitive gameplay- Uninspired characters and classes- Confusing and cluttered interface- Constant stuttering and lag even on lowest settings- Average graphics, art style could be better- Way too many loading screens and cutscenes- No subtitles- Weak plot (if there is one)- Uninteresting worldTo be fair, these points can apply to most MMOs these days, so if you somehow enjoy playing modern MMOs, then you might enjoy this game... but I don't recommend it at all."
76561197971130187,Not Recommended,215280,13419611,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pirate Gentleman,"This game struggle to know if it's a mmorpg or a single player game. If you want to play with friends be aware that in this game they have something called ''solo instance'' you cannot do them with others and some of them are in the main quests, so you will have to do it everyone in their ''space'' and then wait for everyone to regroupe at the end.  For me it's a major flaw for a mmo. If you love pvp be cautious, yes the game say that you can build your own skillset and no class exisst, but in pvp you gonna see the same combo OVER AND OVER.I really wanted to love this game. Great music, great setting , descent story. But the game mechanics ruined it for me."
,Not Recommended,215280,10849479,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,DeltaForce C:/Windows95,"If you wanna play a MMO with poor mechanics and low animations, then buy this."
,Not Recommended,215280,10471469,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Phillipimo,I have had nothing but difficulties surrounding this game. Constant crashes due to a myriad of issues render the game completely unplayable. Doesn't seem to be compatible with lower end systems unlike many other MMORPGs; system frequently overheats (problems as a result unrelated to previously mentioned crashes and issues) and seems to be rather taxing. Not worth the stress.
76561197961033794,Recommended,215280,32908642,Posted: 27 June,all,Sprayz-N-Prayz,Greta GAme
76561198271133306,Recommended,215280,33932477,Posted: 31 July,all,Beaker Jr,Love the stories with endless hours to play.
76561198028525730,Recommended,215280,30818763,Posted: 29 March,all,Timmeh!!,"I just played it for a while, but i liked it i guess"
76561198087719715,Recommended,215280,34529581,Posted: 27 August,all,Tivaaky1,"Rich, well developed backstory and characters.Gorgeous graphics that make you want to take screenshots and share them with friends, or use as wallpaper.Even so, this game can be very *hard* - there are puzzles and investigations that make you think out of the box, right off the screen, onto the web for answers.This game rewards cooperation - join a cabal as soon as you can. Though much of the conteny is gated for solo play, the rest of it becomes easier, fun and more rewarding when done with others.Free to play is a good way to try it out, Patron status is worth it, simply for the free map travel and bonuses."
76561198031067796,Recommended,215280,34893304,Posted: 11 September,all,So,This game will be playable and enging for the next 20 years. A thinking persons 'game'. Hail Eris!
,Recommended,215280,33926923,Posted: 31 July,all,Kardoon,SOOO much better than TSW. Addicted!
,Not Recommended,215280,33247453,Posted: 4 July,all,huma474,"This is the same game as secret world with, despite making all the missions available, less content. The 3 factions are now just glorified color choices with all of the faction specfiic missions removed from the game and almost all of the faction uniforms removed from the game. The weapon systems in the game have been dramatically simplified to the point where you can only really use 1 weapon at a time as you are not allowed to expand your quick slots and can only use 1 primary basic ability at a time. The game will keep your attention through Solomon Island, but after that the content drop off is so hard I'm surpised it doesn't leave a crater."
76561198034174796,Not Recommended,215280,30822694,Posted: 29 March,all,erkenkripes,"Funcom just killed The Secret World, took a♥♥♥♥♥♥on all of their players and flushed all of their progress down the sewers.  The game on this page is NOT The Secret World, but a free to play reboot in an effort to gain as much cash as possible from new players.♥♥♥♥ you Funcom you suck.This game Secret World Legends is NOT EVEN RELEASED YET!  and there is no release date, there should not be ANY reviews.  Any positive reviews are for The Secret World, which is no longer available, and which has effectively ceased to exist as a purchasable, fully managed and maintained game."
,Not Recommended,215280,9956596,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Vivianite,"Amazing story and surperb combat handling and a very customizational freindly game.  the reason why im saying hold on to your horses is the endgame.  as much as i enjoy TSW the end game has led me to stop completely,  having to find people to rerun dungeons of upscaled difficulty in hopes of advancing with gear to play with where everyone else is currently.  That or take up in three way pvp which isn't my fancy.  So here i am faced with three descisions that are semigly endless in possible outcomes, you ether enroll in a group and have to deal with that, go at it alone and hope to find some other people willing to go, or you perish and fade into nothingness."
,Not Recommended,215280,11759834,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,LoveYouMore,"I bought this game when it came out and I don't know if it's only giving me a month to play because at the time it was a monthly subscription or what. I finally downloaded it on here and it is utterly slow. I was above the spec requirements and it would just slowly do what I wanted to do. I thought it seemed like a pretty nice game though when it first came out, and the gameplay I played of it wasn't bad at all. Anyway I guess that's basically it ._. I hope you all have a nice day. I Love You, Garett"
76561198042952564,Not Recommended,215280,9723453,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kyo248,"First the positives; I thought the background had incredible promise. Um... I think that's it.You know, you can say a game shouldn't pander to the masses by making it too easy, so anyone who QQ's that this game is too hard can sod off. Well, that's the thing. Notwithstanding the fact that this game is all kinds of boring (unimpressive graphics, mind-numbingly boring combat, too much walking around), the quest items you have to find are too small making questing an innervating experience characterised by ""what the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to look for?"" Note I'm not complaining about the clues you have to find in investigations; its the goddamn tiny quest items you ""use"". Additionally, the fact that you'll probably have to use the in-game browser to find clues for investigations is immersion breaking. It got to the point where I was bored of questing and just used the in-game browser to spoil everything so I could speed the game along.And the gameworld? What kind of genius thought it would be awesome to have chapter 1 of the story set in the incredibly exciting and awe inspiring setting of... small town America, which looks strangely like the dullest parts of New England or Maine. Oh, how I indulged in the vivid hues of brown and gray, traversing down two lane roads on my way to a (wait for it) cake shop. So, packed with my spirit boosting memories of this town, I pushed forward into Savage Coast to find yet MORE ♥♥♥♥ING HUES OF BROWN AND GRAY. The designers really need to learn how to pace questing and environments - it gets incredibly dull after a handful of tens of hours, still waddling around the same place. WoW made sure that you saw something different just perfectly at the point when had enough of an area; TSW bludgeons you to death with tedium and does nothing in the way of variety.Seriously, what are the designers proposing in this exercise of tedium? What kind of players are still playing this and defending its game experience? Most probably a bunch of tragically clueless dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy."
76561197973430876,Not Recommended,215280,625617,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Brian,"This game is massive, Lots of loot\Equipment etc, Great Story's, Nice Graphics BUT it also has a pretty big learning curve, missions and quest's can take hours and seem to drag on. Also the missions and Quest are insanly difficult. i tried my best to get into this game but in the end found it far to hard for my skill level and found most of my time spent on the game was looking for missions or just generaly getting about.3/10"
,Not Recommended,215280,29555185,Posted: 28 January,all,SixHealthOfFury,"Your mission; to choose one of three maid services and clean up the filth pouring into this world.Welcome to the secret world of janitorial services.The 'choose your character' gimmick is actually a very standard level up system for MMOs. Most of the skill points earned while leveling will be making mistakes as like other open skill choice systems, there are more bad decisions to make than good. The punishment of choice escalates the further you progress, effectively bricking characters as you learn about the game and adapt.The puzzles are beyond obtuse. For example, no where in the game does it tell the player to kill themselves and enter ghost form to solve anything. How would you know if you play safe and don't die? So much dumb is included in the main story quests, let alone the side missions.Voice acting is very good and I only stuck around to see how bad the puzzles got. The writing is hit and miss though. I screenshotted about 12 scenes where the dialogue was rhetorical and needless for the sake of being cool. I would have more if I continued doing after the second hour.In case anyone thought a World Of Darkness MMO could be good, this game mirrors what that sort of game would be. Mostly flash, and a standard grind-a-thon MMO with heavy padding. I would loosely recommend this game when using a walkthrough. Without one, it's hell."
76561198006566618,Not Recommended,215280,11075773,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,lonelyhunter,Very disappointing.
76561198012926449,Not Recommended,215280,24166067,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Trayus,The game doesnt work it just doesnt i downloaded it and tried to run it. It doesnt start so i say i'll deal with this in the morning and go to bed and next morning what do i see game client is running in the background completely inacsessible just sitting there and running i go on steam and SHAZAM appearently i played the game for 9 hours and even have cards now i cant return the bloody thing. Then i try some solutions i get it running for approx. 10 mins before some settings say restart the game i do and then it doesnt work...Again so i try doing it again and the game clearly taunts me by not running i try to send a ticket but i cant because the site doesnt open i dont blame the devs for the site not working turkish internet firewall ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t meddles into everything. Next year i do a full system change with new OS...... IT DOESNT WORK PLOUGH ME MATE WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO PLAY THE BLOODY MMO.
,Not Recommended,215280,2109373,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,X-Gully,"do yourself a favor, exit the page..."
,Not Recommended,215280,11101966,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Killermanjar0,"This is without a doubt the worst MMO I have ever come across! On paper I wanted to like this game, but I can't find a single good thing about it.  The world and areas are dull and lifeless, the missions vary from uninteresting to insanely complicated, if you try to use the web search for clues it becomes pointless as the top few pages end up just being the whole solution.  The crafting is terrible, grouping with friends half works, but missions don't always clock up together.  The combat is 'ok' at best, but  nowhere near good enough to save this game."
76561197991220635,Not Recommended,215280,13677397,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JPope,"+The community is nice+The puzzles are challenging and creative+It was a one time purchase (no monthly fee required)-The combat is uninspired-Loading screens to get to new zones-The game looks ""Old""-The art direction is boring, especially the monsters-Zombies are the majority of enemiesThis game has the vacant feel of being a single player MMO. There is no reason to do dungeons until you get rank 8 in most of your gear. There is no good reason to party up with people for most of the content. The only reason I kept coming back to play more of it was to do the puzzles, find more puzzles, and listen to the story."
,Recommended,215280,33297884,Posted: 5 July,all,Evermore,enjoying the story!
76561197969125963,Recommended,215280,33937567,Posted: 31 July,all,toasp,I love the story and the game. noting more to say
,Not Recommended,215280,15479698,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,'Lil Dicky's lil dicky,"bought it for 20$ or whatever the price was, and then i played it thought it was fun then realsed i was of my♥♥♥♥♥♥then spotted all the flaws, i want my money back and my 6hours of life"
76561198273508233,Recommended,215280,20350501,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Frost Rabbit,Simpily awesome
76561198067186409,Not Recommended,215280,20734890,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Living Dead,"This game was like a night with Bill Cosby, I fell asleep and before I knew it I was ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198073167910,Not Recommended,215280,27598119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,hansol420,There were many bugs from the start.. and I can't get past weapon tutorial because it keeps on asking me do same thing over and over even after quest is completed..  Also the whole combat system feels like it's from 1999.
,Not Recommended,215280,13234949,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Madbat,"Nope. 12 hours to download a patch is a bit much, and really doesn't inspire any confidence in this heap. I want a refund."
76561198010903204,Not Recommended,215280,13511765,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,tempo,"ADDED: Tried one last time. Then uninstalled. Money gone. Funcom made this subscription-free because everyone canceled. The game is a ghost town and the controls are unusable. Money wasted.ADDED: I gave this game a second chance. It's just awful. There is no question why this game was a flop -- the controls and interface are a complete disaster. I can only imagine when they were making the game (it was over schedule by years), play-test after play-test resulting in testers going out of their minds about how horrible the control is, and the devs ignoring them and saying ""you'll get used to the awfulness"". You just want to scream at the dorks responsible for putting this game together for ruining a great idea.PREVIOUS: WHY did I buy this game? This POS has the worst contols of any game I've played. Jesus, what a mistake. No wonder this game was DOA when it came out."
,Not Recommended,215280,11096645,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Xtasey,"I wanted to get back into the Secret World and after trying initially to patch to 1.9.1, it failed and got an error.  So I did a database repair, which took a fair bit of time and then it tried to patch again, onace again error..and actually close to finishing too.  Desperate at this point I deleted the entire game from my PC and started over, waited while it downloaded the entire game from scratch hoping there was a client that included all new patches, I was wrong, it STILL had to patch to 1.9.1.  Guss what happened next?  I got ANOTHER error only a few 100 megabytes from being finished.  I give up Funcom, I cannot in good conscience reccommend a game that causes such frustration and wastes so much of my time!!  But on the flip side I wanted to play it again because before thyis current problem I really enjoyed the game!  *Sigh*  Maybe one of your support people will read this and take pity and offer a solution!"
76561198160791836,Not Recommended,215280,21677471,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,G-Man,controls are wack
76561198079572493,Not Recommended,215280,20997352,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thunderpants,couldnt get the game to open up 0/10
76561198121705972,Not Recommended,215280,21264577,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,SPIDER,mangage to login for 25 hours and i cant log back in and the website doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy this cuz once you logout a few times you will never get back in
76561197966719043,Not Recommended,215280,18035714,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sam,"Game is wack.  Needs to go free to play ASAP.  Combat feels wonky and its grindy like most MMOs.  That said, Im still only 7 hours into the Illuminatti.  I really hope the game gets better seeing how I broke down and gave them 30 bucks, but so far, I'm not impresed.  At least theres no sub fee."
76561198138633390,Not Recommended,215280,18023785,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,spordon,"This game was a waste of money. It sounded interesting and had decent concepts, but in the end I didn't see any point in keeping it installed."
76561198165476207,Recommended,215280,30739810,Posted: 25 March,all,fredg773,"There is a lot to do in this game and I did enjoy it for the time I played it, however the controls are a little clunky and it be better with an actual controller instead of the keyboard."
,Recommended,215280,31656726,Posted: 9 May,all,Sex Microwave,"Pretty nice MMO that doesn't require a monthly subsciption, just a one time buying fee.It's no ""World of Warcraft"" but it's still pretty fun when you have a few buds to party up and quest together through the storyline.Great alternative for those who like a modern fantasy setting with an urban legend/creepy story vibe.You can use stuff like pistols, shotguns, blood magic, and a few other weapons. You can also set your skill tree to specialize in more than one weapon so you're not COMPLETELY limited.All in all I would give this game about a 7.5/10  as it's not that well optimized for low-end computers. I have a decent spec desktop that runs this no problem, but the point of an online game of any genre is to play with friends no matter where I'm at even on a laptop."
,Recommended,215280,32019544,Posted: 28 May,all,GG LeeMuar,"After some denial, anger and depression I finally solved the Morse Code"
76561198006297454,Not Recommended,215280,32907070,Posted: 27 June,all,Pope Volksieg XXIII,"Sort it out Steam!  FALSE ADVERTISING!I didn't spend the last 24 hours having an almost unusable PC, to download the original The Secret World."
76561198057066454,Not Recommended,215280,13189180,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,WallStreetJesus,"Does not work on 32 bit windows.Its a great game, by all means. But it was advertised as 32 bit compatible, and recently after launch a serious memory leak has been discovered. In December 2012 Funcom said they would fix the memory leak in a patch, its been two years now without any other contact from Funcom.Instead they ""encourage"" their customers to upgrade their computers to 64 bit (basically getting new computers with more hardware) instead of fixing the memory leak.That does not inspire confidence in Funcom as a company, you buy this at a great risk so dont bother paying full price.Its unplayable for a large portion of all players who first bought it."
76561198119062480,Not Recommended,215280,33656820,Posted: 19 July,all,jatay80,"I would recommend this game if everything that's wrong with it was actually addressed by the devs (it isn't).  First off, being a TSW player, I pre-ordered and subbed to the classic game and imo, I never had a problem with the combat or in game animations.  They weren't the best but they were far from making the game unplayable.  Everything else starts to pile up negatives for me though.Andromeda- bad cut scene facial animations that look painful...check.  Quest items that permanently stay in your inventory (which is very limited until you spend cash shop money or high priced in game Marks of Favor) and can't be deleted (an occurrence that happens a lot but doesn't get mentioned or fixed in game by devs)...check.  Not being able to advance quests because of bugs with said 'permanent' items...check.   This is particularly bad  because you get AP/SP rewards for doing all the quests in zones but can't finish late game zones due to bugs.  Non-communication from in-game GMs or support (unless it's about problems when you spend real life money, which I DID)...check.  Not having the in game barber or surgeon with added hair/face options so that there aren't 50 clones of your avatar running around...check.The devil's in the details and right now the little things just pile up so much that I'm clearing as much as I can just to be close to Tokyo when that finally gets put in.  Not enjoying myself while doing so and the bugs tilt me like never before.  I like the supernatural theme and the story (always have) but unless you've already played classic TSW, I can't recommend the game in it's current state."
,Recommended,215280,31217316,Posted: 18 April,all,Porco Rosso,god damn i paid for this
,Recommended,215280,34323347,Posted: 18 August,all,Ohmish,"Best MMO combat tbh, immersive and interesting setting with substance, great voice acting. Its only real problems are dated animations and bad initial cosmetics, but you can remedy that with real money or with in-game currency after you put some work in. These guys have also thought about every possible convenience you could imagine, I'll save myself the trouble of expatiating and leave it to you to see but these fools have it figured out – and everything is free aside from microtransactions, which even if that's irksome to you won't mean anything once you see the quality of what you're receiving. P.S. I generally hate MMOs due to stale combat and settings/stories that mean absolutely nothing if that helps at all."
,Not Recommended,215280,33961919,Posted: 1 August,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"played when it was Pay to play, honestly, pretty bad."
76561198132208278,Recommended,215280,30832250,Posted: 30 March,all,Sprayface,"only mmo not named ""wow"" that is worth playing.and unlike wow, this doesn't hold your hand. amazing game, one of the best ever made i'd argue. the investigations alone should justify your purchasee; they are absolutely amazing and make you feel like a modern idiana jones. but, this game is so much more than that. unlike most other mmos, it has an actual story. sure wow has a story, but it is very spaced out and scattered all over the place. in this one, there is an actual ""main quest"" you work on alongside some stellar side quests. i even got freaked out a couple times. horror in an mmo? no ♥♥♥♥ing way?!i adore this game, and if you are looking for a more meaningful mmo that engages your brain on every level, you will too.wish there was a ""two thumbs up"" option, but i guess one will have to do."
,Not Recommended,215280,16578201,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,"TL;DR 50/50 Secret World tries something new in the MMo genre and I don't think it works too well.Its an MMo you're basically going to love it, or truely hate it.   My biggest problems with Secret World is that it tries something different from the traditional MMo genre and honestly, it just really doesn't work to well.   So many quests are downright stupid, the player has to constantly press (B) to open up the in-game web browser and actually search for hints and solutions to quests because most just don't offer you any information at all - so that browser becomes a huge crutch through-out the entire experience.   I found very few of the usual cookie cutter kill X amount of mobs, or typical fetch quests that most MMos have - The problem that secret world has, is trying something new other than the cookie cutter, and I think for most people - it doesn't make it fun.   Far too many quests which try to make the player actually think, or solve complex puzzles -  (one puzzle actually requires you to read the bible in RL ~ luckily the web browser can pretty much give you all the information you need to skip that)These issues basically create a massively steep learning curve thats exceptionally harsh without doing plenty of research first,  such as what build your doing to make - any DLC your going to buy into ~ how to craft, how to allocate your skill points.  Everything isn't very new player/newb friendly.I personally had graphical issues too, many quests especially stealth missions are so poor that most are trial and error, or again - look up that online guide how to do it.   The first few stealth missions, I died constantly due to near invisible laser tripwires - seems to be an issue with nvidia cards, also the game constantly crashes each time I exit the game.It seems the developer also has taken a nickel and diming approach to the so-called free to play method,  the item store is full of good stuff...of course if you want to pay for it,  the problem here are the issue packs which are essentially the expansions,  if you really want to invest time and effort into this game, then the ultimate edition is the only way to go unless you want to spend a small fortune later.  Also worth mentioning is if you buy the individual packs on steam, you only get the regular versions,  so if you actually wanted the cool items, costumes etc - that would cost you ""double"" the money.   Example, I purchased the Tokyo DLC and I originally assumed that would come with the school uniform, title and gadgets but no,  a 1620 point ($15) extra cost was needed on top of the $15 cost for the DLC, making the actual cost of the DLC $30 for one DLC...  Each issue has its own dedicated 'collectors edition' which has all the cool items and obviously a huge price tag to match."
,Not Recommended,215280,9507320,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Vasmir,"I had high hopes for this game when I saw it at first. The trailers and game play is over played and is not what the game is fully like. Played for a while, the UI was horrible, The game lagged heavily during certain cutscenese and quests, as well as the combat system felt like I was trying to control my character while they were waist deep in tar. Over all I would ask for my money back if it was possible, a huge let down."
,Not Recommended,215280,16481883,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,[SankakuComplex] Zettai Ryoiki,Thousands of players experience a gamebreaking bug which has existed since launch and they do nothing about it
,Recommended,215280,8743317,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nano Shinonome,yes
76561198003613784,Recommended,215280,31453847,Posted: 29 April,all,Rook501,I am glad to hear about the revamp. The old game has such a great thing with their investigative missions and I hope the revamp does more of that and has some system set up to make it harder for people to cheat on those by just googling the answers.
76561198417206376,Recommended,215280,34584010,Posted: 29 August,all,m.chero,"Excellent, story driven game, not much grinding, some occasional tests for the mind, lots of exploring and killing.........."
76561197985890520,Not Recommended,215280,30931054,Posted: 3 April,all,Alpha Wolf,"Way to take a great game and Dumb it down to worthless.BTW I am in the closed Beta so YES I have seen the ""NEW"" game. The combat and the skill tree is far worse then the base game.They bowed to the whiners and in a last ditch attempt to save a failing company have put out a totaly worthless product.Just the fact that they Changed the name on the steam page so they could get all the favorable reviews of the original game shows you what kind of company your dealing with."
,Not Recommended,215280,20475984,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,VivaU,You have no line of sight to your target!Nice co-op by the way.
76561198056181464,Not Recommended,215280,9936256,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Inordinate1,"The setting, story, and mechanics of this game are amazing! The numerous bugs, hideous playerbase, and annoying tricks they put in because they couldn't think of any way to make the missions both difficult and interesting ruin it, though.I kind of regret spending $11 on this."
,Not Recommended,215280,9887576,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,@RealJerrySeinfeld,"MMORPG or not, this game has the worst controls (re-mappable or not) I've ever seen. Controling your character is an absolute chore. You know every 3rd person game you've ever played? You know how when you move the mouse, it moves your characters direction? Yeah, TSW doesn't do that.I tried for an hour an a half. I really did. But I don't think I'll ever come back to this game. As great as the reviews are, the controls are a game breaker. I've never played something so disorienting and backwards in regards to the controls. It's a bummer. Enough of a bummer to keep me away.Money lit on fire."
76561198015158811,Not Recommended,215280,2961837,"Posted: 16 August, 2012",all,GKMoggleMog,"I loved it when it came out and was P2P, but like all F2P / B2P games it quickly turned to crap after the conversion. It used to have monthly content updates, but now they only come out every 6-8 months. Pass on it if you're a real M M O  g a mer, or get it if you are a mindless casual that likes wasting real money."
76561198122509169,Recommended,215280,8941242,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Skuuuribblez,sucks
,Not Recommended,215280,16655982,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sno_Opy,"Played less than 2 hours of this game, shows 11 hours plus because I left it on the menu screen while AFK. Got past the intro mission...not a good enough game. Requested refund...refund denied due to 10 hours of non gameplay. Thanks Steam, 10/10 would not play ever again. Uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,215280,16570169,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,OneClip,"Blocky, outdated graphics, horrible controls, bored to tears in the first hour of gameplay. Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,215280,16570253,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,knux,"Don't waste your money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't believe the intial price was $50 when released, it's not worth the dirt on your shoes."
,Not Recommended,215280,16700710,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,"✪ Tuna on white, No crust",GEEEEEET ♥♥♥♥EED
,Not Recommended,215280,20198950,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rok Solid,Never been so happy to get a refund for a game.
,Not Recommended,215280,10888160,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rannekk,"Three words: Waste Of Time.Derivative story line. Shallow gameplay. Bad animations. Horrible models. Lame fight-mechanic. Little to no social aspect (solo instances)Basically a game where you run around googling puzzles (as they seem to be constructed by a 9 years old who has a tenous grasp of how clues should relatively make sense, yet falling utterly short in intelligent implementation.)You have a life? Got a job? Heres some advice. Dont. Waste. Your. Time. On. This."
76561198037333006,Not Recommended,215280,17666926,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Hobo Drifter,"Bought the game when it came out. It was fun, kept me entertained for a while.Went free to play. Didn't think much of it. Lost interest in the game and never went back.Recently decided to try it out. Spent an hour jumping through account/password retrieval hoops. Attempted to log in through multiple accounts, finding that every single one was not connected to a Secret World account.Even my e-mail that had the receipt for the stupid game was no longer connected. No payment history of the subscription fees I paid.Now I have to go through customer support, show them that I bought the ♥♥♥♥ing game, etc. etc., if I want to play.Now that I've put this much time trying to play the game I own, I've completely lost interest. It wasn't good enough to put up with this horse♥♥♥♥♥♥GG funcom. I tried to come back to you. I wanted to love you. But you took my house and all my money, now I have no job and I'm out on the street while you're ♥♥♥♥ing other guys."
,Not Recommended,215280,15472753,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,stevil935,"Stuck in the weapon training mission. Can't exit the area till I finish the mission, but can't figure out how to beat the mission. The directions are terrible. I think it's called the ""bulders and consumers"" mission, but I can not figure out what it wants from me. Was enjoying the game up until this."
76561198027295826,Not Recommended,215280,21942821,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,davenport200,A great premise ruined by forced teaming and grinding.
,Not Recommended,215280,17133149,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,MachineZero,"Bland world, who cares if it's secret"
76561198025258865,Not Recommended,215280,10370015,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Keeyu,4/10 only for Hardcore MMORPG fans.
76561198021684661,Not Recommended,215280,22720233,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,brian,Takes forever to get started. Login fails most of the time. Pretty boring gameplay
76561198040961114,Not Recommended,215280,13904309,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,spaceweezle,"If you have played a lot of MMO's before and are generally sick or burnt out on them and need something to grab you by the jibblies, TSW sadly isn't it.It's nothing new, there's nothing ground-breaking about it.  It has all the cookie-cutter attributes off all father MMO's, but less refined. The world atmosphere is okay, albeit generic and simplistic.The movement is wooden and rigid.Interacting with objects feels very cumbersome.The combat is not satisfying at all, there is no fluidity.There is terrible sound balancing issues and in general the sounds grate on the ears after 20 minutes. VA is pretty decent though.The mobs are incredibly generic and their placement comes across so intentional, that it diminishes the immersion factor. It's like every second all you can picture in the back of your mind is a developer tediously and randomly plomping down one generic entity after another.It does put a slight twist on the usual MMO quest formula, but about as much as the differwence between one FPS game to another.I'm not saying it's a bad game, but it felt like a chore to play it for as little time as I did.62/100"
,Not Recommended,215280,13612306,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lycion Streyder,"GREAT concept... terriable execution, the combat is so boring it kills the entire game for me"
,Recommended,215280,35010639,Posted: 16 September,all,Lasura,"PROS: The game is beautiful. It has very interesting story lines and fun, varied quests. Also it has a horror theme which I, for one, LOVE.CONS: The combat is very different from other games and can seem very strange. Also I find the gearing to be a bit of a pain.I understand that a lot of people are upset they re-released the game but firstly, I don't think that should warrant a bad review as you're reviewing the game not your feelings. Secondly, a game is an experience, no one can take that away from you. Thus how is it ""lost/wasted"" time and effort? If you consider it ""wasted"", I don't think you were enjoying the game so much and you should probably consider this break up a sweet release.Also, despite what I read on some of the other reviews, you could (can?) transfer all purcased cosmetic items and I did receive an email warning about the change. The re-release  gave new people a chance to join in the fun and old players the chance to relive it all."
76561197962611703,Not Recommended,215280,7875400,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mil'Bereth,"When I heard about The Secret World coming out, I was pretty excited.  Finally an MMO where its modern day and you are thrust into a Lovecraftian style world with horrors abounding.  I was even more excited with I found out it was going free to play.  I happily coughed up some cash at some point when it was on sale and off I went.  While I have a big red thumbs down I want to list the pros to this game.  The story is fantastic, the puzzle elements are GREAT, the music is decent.  However, as I sat there and played this, I felt that it wasn't really good material for an MMO.  It felt more like a really good RPG than an MMO.  Furthermore, combat is kinda crap and your choices to wage war on the darkness are extremely limited.  Its sad to say but when the combat element of a game like this is unfufilling, coupled by the fact that enemies are everywhere swarming you, it just feels like a job.  And honestly as cool as some of the puzzles are, I'd rather there be more of those and less combat."
76561198103336826,Recommended,215280,12479571,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Stoerder,Immersive
76561198133622788,Not Recommended,215280,33937121,Posted: 31 July,all,flairblack,The great story is still there; too bad all the changes made it nigh unplayable.
76561197972729524,Not Recommended,215280,8793024,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Perus_TC,I spent over 50 bucks trying to get this game playable with the current UI.Unless you can type really well or have exceptional dexterity(or use a gamepad)it is (for me) unplayable.What a waste.It will not happen again.Guild Wars and GW2 are VASTLY superior to this and IMHO to any other MMORPG.Of course I didn't know this until I played a bunch of others.It is a real disappointment since the game looks amazing and the players are friendly.Too bad the control system is so frustrating for those of us who can't use a keyboard that well.
,Recommended,215280,26321199,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,INTRUDER JIM,it scary
76561198082022479,Recommended,215280,32332354,Posted: 10 June,all,CRYTEK063,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,215280,32836326,Posted: 26 June,all,Charok,The new version can be downloaded from their website.  It's still very boring MMO combat with the same story as before.  I wasted my time trying this again.
76561198002543243,Not Recommended,215280,10818490,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Preacher,"Boring, Just boring.All the NPC's are either a sterotypical cutout of whatever movie character they are trying to be OR they are horribly voice acted. Worst case scenario is they are both. This is a by the books MMORPG better known as ""Grocery run - The Game"""
76561198011432028,Not Recommended,215280,13593315,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Bartimaeus,"Just awful, the story is incoherent, the gameplay is stagnant and the community is repulsive. Just another mmo to grind on with nothing really special or redeeming about it. I recommend it as a gift to someone you despise."
76561198006631581,Not Recommended,215280,14918877,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,tenfootgoatman,Recently Funcom implimented what they call the Enhanced Player Experience which essentially dumbed down this game quite considerably to the point where there is little challenge in it while questing anymore . If you consider yourself a gamer that likes a casual experience with spoon fed content you may enjoy it but if not I would suggest staying well clear of the Secret World .If you are someone that remembers the Star Wars Galaxies New Game Experience you will realize how much the Enhanced Game Experience has ruined TSW .
76561198052128396,Not Recommended,215280,20000923,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,jeremyvriedl,Just the fact that this game has been out since 2012 and still runs like crap on modern hardware is reason enough to give it a thumbs down.
76561197970940098,Not Recommended,215280,18038691,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,blackrazer22,"I can't recommand this game to anyone. I know there are many positive reviews, but these people must be gettings something else out of the game.The first 2 areas of the game are poorly designed. There are many quest which are harder than the abilities you could acquire at that level. Unless you are one of the folks that like doing a quest dozens of times, eventually you just get tiered of repeating the same quest and getting no where.If I had not bought the game, I would have stopped playing it weeks ago. I'm at the point now that there is not enough fun in the game to justify continual playing.  Use my review as a warning save you money and buy a better game. You will thank me later and you mouse and keyboard will thank you since you are not beating them in rage."
76561198048347128,Recommended,215280,13157084,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,DOTA2
76561197983925361,Not Recommended,215280,9786772,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,=VTA=AirborneCZ,"Controlls of this game are in TOP 5 horrible of all-times and there is no way you can change them. Incredibly frustrating. If you are looking to get angry and furious, this is the game for you."
76561198123182760,Not Recommended,215280,21307583,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,FALCORN,This game sucks I bought it and they told me my CD key was invalid after playing for 100+ hours. F*ck this company.
,Not Recommended,215280,15511977,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,LiquidKelios,"Bought the game, registered the key, made an account, cannot authenticate into login with password, says it's case sensitive... Customer service takes 1 business day, takes me 1 second to uninstall. Cool game."
76561198078853592,Not Recommended,215280,13817093,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Canadabis,"Throw this in the euro-trash bin.Honestly, those people have yet to master showers & toilet paper, let alone gaming. Ezpz"
,Not Recommended,215280,16840585,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Demik45,.
76561198129984358,Not Recommended,215280,14890992,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,griftertea7,This games reset function is♥♥♥♥♥♥  Good luck if you forget your password.
,Not Recommended,215280,26764850,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Herb,-janky combat-bunch of issues to be bought for all content-story isn't anything too spectacular either-investigation missions can be way too cryptic to even start bothering with solving them-combat missions are just fetch quests-PvP is a huge mess-Pretty deadOn the plus side I guess is the amount of clothes you can buy even if character creation is very limited.
76561198000836423,Not Recommended,215280,19179846,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,"Boy Bruce, the Mighty Atom",Very dull.It zombied me out with regards to games and TV for a long time.
76561198045059343,Not Recommended,215280,21953282,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,JPM,"THE worst combat systems I've ever experienced. the game is so unpolished, what a dissapointment... there goes $30.00 down the drain."
76561197968153278,Not Recommended,215280,9993660,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,CmeNot,"This game is absolutely horrible. I couldn't play without feeling like I was doing chores. Run over here and get this, go over there to get that, and now here is your insignificant reward. If you want something better, pull out your wallet and pay son.There are many better MMORPGs out there. I can appreciate what they tried to make, but they fell far short of the mark."
,Not Recommended,215280,8152860,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Faifur,"This is honestly a horrible game with the allure of a cool trailer and a big skill tree that you can’t build into without being lvl 50. You level slow, monsters respawn too fast, people kill your targets so you have to stand around and wait, the story is the only thing I can even say was alright. 1/10 because it turns on. You don’t want this game"
,Not Recommended,215280,32960785,Posted: 28 June,all,Mrannoyus,Replaced with a new version instead of leaving this version as the old version to mislead customers into downloading a seperate product.♥♥♥♥ this company.
76561198064265667,Not Recommended,215280,24026024,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cir,I bought this game during a recent Steam sale. I made a funcom account. Check.Funcom requested I link my Steam account to my funcom account. Check.I tried to log into the game and it wouldn't accept my password.I tried to request a change of password in case I messed up. Funcom's automated system can't even send a new password to my email address. The system CAN send an email telling me I should use the nickname tied to my email address. Useless.I really regret this purchase.
76561198110357431,Not Recommended,215280,33083600,Posted: 1 July,all,RapidFawn,"Hmmm the Secret World Legends yeah I don't hate it but with regret its not really worth playing, because it is just The Secret World with the rpg mode off like you can on star trek online [if you've ever played it] yep you can move about and look up and down, have targeting reticle, have a much smaller action bar of skills to pull off and a snazzy special that has a countdown on it's use [less time = more damage on excute] but...it's still just The Secret World f2p edition and we all know what f2p equals, pay funcom [like so many other mmos' these days] for digital stuff that truly has no real value;  I'll give this a miss, an overly generous patch might have been wiser or just play the original if you've got it, because that means you've paid for it...one time, and that's it. SWL just want's your money with the hope you won't notice until quite a few zeros' of real currency in andwonder...why?Shame on you Funcom, you should have just bit the bullet and gone subscription instead of f2p, f2p is truly ruining the mmo genre as a whole."
,Not Recommended,215280,34044798,Posted: 5 August,all,The Dark Fox,This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
,Not Recommended,215280,17701023,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,The Liberal Media,Basically a simulator where you live through the goth vampire fan fiction your emo step daughter writes in her diary.
76561198026908061,Not Recommended,215280,30862901,Posted: 31 March,all,Andryej,"Can't actually recommend a game that hasn't yet been released, can I now?With that being said, and seeing that the reviews are still saved from original version's page (which doesn't exist anymore), it's a ""not recommend"" up-front, because that's some shady business going on here, one could even say you're running a scam.Might change it after I get my hands on the new one. Maybe."
,Not Recommended,215280,9895442,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,konakona,"This is probably one of the only games I've ever played where the developers managed to set perfect examples of both what to do -and- not to do in one game. Some of the design choices the developers made were absolutely phenomenal, and should set an example for future MMORPG's looking to add a unique twist to their quest design. The setting for the game was also very interesting. They successfully tied conspiracy theories, obscure mythology, and even lovecraftian elements into the game that made it a blast to explore and see what you were going to run into next. There was also a unique skill system in place, where leveling up did not particularly make you stronger. Instead, it gave you points you could use to purchase more skills or traits to use better equipment. One extra little tidbit worth noting is the fact that it has an in-game browser so you can look up different things in-game to help you solve puzzles or look up information, which really helps with the immersion when paired with the great quest design. Unfortunately, the game falls tragically short of what it could have been. To start, pacing in this game is extremely inconsistent, this is partly due to the odd skill system they implemented. There were times I would be progressing fine through the game, only to reach a main story mission or rank advancement mission that was nearly unbeatable. One would think to simply go and level up in this situation, but unfortunately that method does not translate very well into this game due to the odd skill and equipment system. Also note that these extremely difficult missions were not the unique stealth missions they implemented where the enemies are significantly harder forcing you to be stealthy, these were enemies I had to kill -alone- to progress in the story. Oh yes, there are solo instances as well. These solo instances are also some of the hardest missions in the game.Overall I really want to like this game. Actually no, I really want to -love- this game. But unfortunately, due to the terrible pacing, senseless solo instances, and overall buggy nature of this game, the great quest design and setting cannot carry this game past its negative elements. I understand trying to be different and, ""shooting for the stars"" so to speak, but I feel the developers got too ambitious and ended up trying to make the game -too- different, which sacrificed solid game mechanics and ended up being a detriment. If it goes on sale and you really want to try it out or see an example of great quest design then go for it, but otherwise it isn't really worth the money assuming they don't fix the pacing and scaling issues that sometimes made it unplayable."
76561198087509821,Not Recommended,215280,8912238,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,obtusemoose,"I think if a male player character was forced to get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from another man, as part of the player's intro to the game, and the male player's character saw it as sexy, then I wouldn't be offended. After all, that'd be fair play. Because in TSW, if you play a female Dragon, you get oral sex from another woman as part of your character intro. You don't have a choice. But don't worry, it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥ your character wants it.This is typical lesbian fetishism, which I find offensive. It trivializes female sexuality. If male characters had to have a homosexual experience, then things would be equal, but for guys, this is a ""no homo"" game. That's sexist, because over and over again in video games, women are trivialized. This is an extreme case.I've noticed that, on forums, fans try to defend what happens. They point out the one giving the oral is a kumiho. In addition, they proclaim, nothing's explicitly shown. But come on: an incubus or other creature could easily appear for the men. There's no reason for homosexuality to be mandatory for girls alone. The kumiho even has a mysterious, demonic dude with her. Considering popular past reactions to games, and other media, two men being sexual would make too many male gamers uncomfortable. Male gamers got offended with a bisexual man in ""Dragon Age: Origins"" hitting on them. You can imagine how these same guys' male characters getting a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from a male NPC, and making O faces in joy, as an intro to a game, would go over. It'd likely be hotter than ""Hot Coffee"" in the media, too. But woman on woman? Apparently that's seen as a perk for male players/sexy/easily ignorable, in comparison to man on man, and it doesn't get much attention. Meanwhile, people who protest are also often labeled as whiners, which is common for fans to do on anything. That brings up the next point the fans make: that nothing's shown. They try to say it's your own dirty mind assuming oral sex happens. When one person leads another to a bed, in a hotel, hovers over the person, moves his/her mouth seductively over the person lying on the bed, puts his/her head towards the person's crotch, goes on about giving, ""a moment of ecstasy,"" is a mythological creature all about sexual seduction, and your character makes an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic face -- that's not vague. That defense is like saying a box which says ""condoms"" might contain toothpaste, and you have a dirty mind for thinking otherwise.As for game-play?The idea of no levels is appealing, but it's moot. It supposedly goes off of skills instead of levels. Yet, the lack of levels isn't as imaginative as it sounds. The point with levels in tabletop RPGs is to gain experience to get better stats/skills. You get those stats/skills by leveling up, but levels are nothing more than exp markers, really.  So although you don't get a level number you can see in TSW, character levels aren't gone. Your gained experience points work the same as levels. They let you improve your skills and what stat-affecting gear you can equip. If you try to attack things which have more stat-power than you (aka are higher level), you'll lose. You won't do much damage and you'll take too much yourself. Essentially, this means that there IS a level system, but it's hidden. The only real difference is you don't see the exact level number on your character sheet.The skill tree looks like it allows for decent customization, but I wasn't terribly impressed with that. Most games allow for customization. And in most games, if you spread out your skill points too thin, then you're gonna have a bad time. So, TSW being classless isn't a big deal. Its point system is similar to many other games'. The skills available didn't look amazing, even when combined with others, but with the right tweaking you could probably find a play-style which would work for you.Then there's the nauseating camera, which occasionally goes through the wall if you're in 3rd person-view. (There may be a way to lock it.)  Targeting was a little shaky but likely, once you get used to it, it'd be easy.The voice acting isn't great, either. The Dragon folks sound like they're straight out of a bad kung-fu movie. Unfortunately, the rest of the game's features, at least for the first couple of hours, lack enough awesome or corny to make this seem fun. It just seems lame.This means the real appeal would come story-side. That's why I originally wanted to get into it, too. However, the first two hours failed to compel me (I played 2, but I guess I went a little over since Steam's saying 3, and it's rounding up.) Instead, it bored me.  Before everything else, I was chasing butterflies, and my mute character listened to NPCs monologue boring dialogue. The script wasn't entertaining to follow. Since the game's story was pathetic right away, followed by it thinking it'd be oh-so-cool-and-kinky, I'm done with it. There are better games I'd to play, and the sexism was extremely off-putting."
,Not Recommended,215280,33318285,Posted: 6 July,all,Draco the kitsune,"no matter how meny different computers i have tried, no matter what help i have gotten, and no matter which version of windows it runs on, the installer crashes without playing the game.i cannot reccomend simply due to not being able to play this game at all."
76561198026753678,Recommended,215280,34374054,Posted: 20 August,all,KittenArmy,Will write a review when i'm not on the game!
76561198004282144,Not Recommended,215280,9866597,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,CuNaMo,"First of all, ignore the hours played according to Steam. This game can be played while Steam is closed. I have played over 30 hours of The Secret World.That being said, I'm just not having much fun. Let me give some background and say that this is my first MMORPG. I have never played WOW or any other traditional MMORPG before. I have played many online, PVP and PVE games, but none of them were traditional MMORPGs.PROSThis game is beautiful and dark. The game world is experiencing a devastating apocalypse from the Lovecraft universe, with some of the coolest monsters and characters as I have seen in any game. The storyline is pretty average, but interesting. The side missions are really well thought out, original, and entertaining. The community is also extremely friendly, which is a huge plus.CONSDespite all of the good points, this game is just not very fun. First, the small points: though the story and side missions are nice, your character is a mute: literally. NPCs will straight out ask your character questions and you will just stare back at them. This quickly devolves a thrilling mysterious plot into a pathetic attempt at humor (but it's not even funny), when a character says something like ""how does that strike you"" and you numbly stare off into space followed by their response, ""I agree, it doesn't even deserve comment does it?"" They could even have just made your character gesture or something and it would make more sense!Also, getting around is a pain until you put in enough game time to save up a ton of money to buy the sprint upgrades. The fastest one being a long way into the game until you can buy it (somewhere around 50 hours).The worst offense though, is the combat. Granted, there are a variety of weapons that you can mix and match at will, however, regardless of whichever two you choose, you will be spamming the same moves over and over again to level your character. Your weapons and attacks seem almost completely ineffectual, slowly chipping away at enemy health. Even the weakest enemies (zombie hordes) will waste your time, because you still have to use your cooldown attacks (special attacks) to defeat them quickly. Any game worth a buck would allow you to kill the weakest enemies in only a couple hits.On top of the combat are the million and one stats that you have to juggle for each build. I have probably spent hours just moving attacks, passive abilities, and weapons around trying to find a combination that is more powerful or fun to play. However, they are all so well balanced (good I guess) that there is little change between build, and so I still spend hours grinding to complete missions. If you have played MMORPGs in the past, I'm sure you are familiar with DPS, Tank, and Healer, which, surprise, are the same three possible classes to create in this game. I know that there is a common jargon among MMORPGs with acronyms like ""DPS,"" but Secret World does the thing where they replace all the original, well-known, terms with new ones in an attempt at originality. So ""hate"" is actually ""aggro"" and ""afflicted"" is actually ""bleed."" Which is compounded by the fact that many of the community members, even those that write the wikis/guides for new players, use the old terms instead of the ones used in the game.All of this combines to create a repetitive process: you grind away at identical enemies for hours using the same attacks to receive some moderately better equipment and a level or two, to move on to a new area/mission that is more challenging, to then grind for hours until you receive moderately better equipment and another level or two, stopping every now and again to mess with your loadout for an hour and then repeat the whole process again. I realize that this all sounds like how MMORPGs work, but then would someone please explain to me what is fun about that? Doing the same attack for five hours on the same enemies cannot be defined as fun."
,Recommended,215280,31531030,Posted: 3 May,all,Awful Citizen,You get to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥like ghosts and other♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Recommended,215280,30825875,Posted: 29 March,all,Feacur,"I really liked the game, first of all. Modern mystic setting goes with me just right.There you can find great storytelling and flexible progression system.Combat system is more or less standard for MMO RPGs, but with launch of Secret World Legends something can be changed (check out the announce)"
76561198046288330,Recommended,215280,33746032,Posted: 23 July,all,Funkymunky2k,still wondering why its downloading the secret world and not secret world legends.........
76561198107050843,Recommended,215280,35095728,Posted: 20 September,all,Starfarer Nimrod,The best story driven MMORPG ever made!John dies at the end...
76561198028577649,Not Recommended,215280,9341138,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Boblackson34,"This game has terrible controls, and plays like a bad third person shooter.  Stay away."
,Not Recommended,215280,9159256,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Godryc,"I logged 10hrs and never got to play the game. The entire time was spent in one of the loading screens, waiting in vain for the game to load. There was no help to be found. Worst $20 ever spent."
76561198043434294,Not Recommended,215280,19923242,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,#tacodip,"I will put this mildly. Funcom can go hump a bag of hammers. They're registration system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ their process is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they're full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and they do everything possible to♥♥♥♥♥♥you over. While EA is easily the most vile gaming producer around, at the very least, I can say their customer service is decent--or that it's an exceptionally easy process to contact it. With Funcom, no it's just a large ""♥♥♥♥ you, pelebian"" from the onset. I should have seen it coming, I played AoC (Age of Conan) for a good while, but in my naivete I figured that if I just reused my old Funcom account all would be just fine and dandy. Boy was I a goddamned dumbass.I'll take it step by step, I buy the game, I download the game--so far so good. I log into my old Funcom account, I register The Secret Wold--holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this going great. So I go right into starting up the game, type in my account username and pw annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnd Authentication Failed. Wtf? Try it again. Failed. Again? Failed. How about this time? Failed. What. In. The. ♥♥♥♥in'. Hell. Ok, so turn to technical help on the forums. Try username and pw--failed. Oh that's right forum and game accounts are separate for some dumb reason. It's all good, I remember what my info was, type it annnd Failed. Try again. Failed. Try an older password I used to use back in the day. Failed. Ok ok ok, I'll reset the pw. Reset and failed. Gotta' wait 30 minutes for it update new forum info. What the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also, because you failed to login 5 times can't try again until 15 minutes. WHAT. IN. THE. ♥♥♥♥ING. LIVING.♥♥♥♥♥♥So, now, here I am, writing this review, for a product I bought, I cannot play because Funcom's set up is goddamn nonsensical and stupid. I'm not recommending this game--not because it's a not a good game, believe me I'd love to discover if it is or not. But I haven't been able to because Funcom is run by a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ers. And that's why I'm not recommending it, because of Funcom itself."
76561198046877662,Not Recommended,215280,24288137,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,EpicBantha,"Im thumbing this game down not to say that i dont recommend this game, but i actually very much recommend this game.  The characters and graphics and gameplay are all very grasping and enjoyable, certainly a different kind of mmo that you can really get enthralled into both story wise and gameplay wise......THAT IS IF YOU CAN ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY IT!!!  I mean seriously, the first character i made with absolutely no problems whatsoever.  Now im trying to make a new one just to try something a little different...AND IT WONT LET ME USE ANY NAME AT ALL!! i gave up on trying to make the name i wanted or even ones similar to it, then i started making whatever name could be accepted, AND IT WONT ACCEPT ANY OF THEM!  What is the freaking point in continuing to have a game run or make more new features and updates to get more new people to play the freaking game IF THEY CANT EVEN GET TO THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!  Name system works like this: Character first name, can be anything, doesnt need to be unique.  Unique game name that will be visible while you're running around, then character last name that doesnt need to be unique.   All have to be 14 letters and more than 3 letters, can contain 1 dash but not at the end.  Unique name MUST be unique and can end in at least 4 numbers if needed.  Ive followed these rules completely yet no matter what i do or what i type or what i try, even the most obscure and underused word or name or collection of letters either says it's already taken OR my favorite one which happens to the only original thing that absolutely cannot be taken ""The name is invalid and does not meet the blah blah blah you suck haha"" ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T MESSAGE!!  I have spent the better of two hours, literally!!! TWO ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS!!! trying to make this ♥♥♥♥ing character, i gave up long ago and am now doing whatever name i can think of or words and still nothing.  Its pointless yet im a die hard character designer and i LOVE making multiple characters to make different stories to etc, or just try a different playstyle or whatever,  thats how i enjoy mmo and other rpg games.  But its clearly obvious at this point that i will absolutely not be able to do that at all and quite honestly i cannot be the only person going through this.....unless i am.  But no really, if im going through this with making a SECOND character, i cannot even imagine what some of the new people are going through.  Im more than certain that NO ONE has been able to make a new character on any of the servers at this time, which is a humongous coincidence because they started a new loyalty reward program for subscribers which adds more suspicion to whats happening to me making me think that there are NO new players or very small amount of new players.  There's only a very few amount of servers and i think the last thing i will try to do is try all the names ive come up with at this point (im up to 57 right now) on every single server and see if it clicks into one of them.all and all, i say play this game.  Buy it straight out or just wait for it to be on sale again and buy the ultimate edition.  If you're able to get passed the character creation portion of the game and actually log into the server of your choice, then its safe to say you will very much enjoy this game.  Also to those reading this review and saying that im just griefing or whining and that there's a valid reason for blah blah blah watever let me be clear:  im not an idiot, im sure that there are name guards to prevent inappropriate names and also protect agaisnt the randomly generating jfnewenifw named bots (tho ive never seen one in this game) But inappropriate names shouldnt be taken into consideration here seeing as every other characteryou talk to in this game says the word ""♥♥♥♥"" every two sentences.  Im just hoping that the effort i made to continue to enjoy the game pays off at some point as do i hope the effort i spent typing this long♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing banner will give some people a little insight at what to expect and not just give up on this game when they cant get passed the character creation part.anway yea im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so its the only reason why its thumbs down, otherwise 100% thumbs up, 7/10 fix the ♥♥♥♥ing naming engine and rules."
76561198068690871,Not Recommended,215280,14770614,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,lazlo.arcadia,"I personally found the game to be very different from the reviews I've seen of it.  Most of which describe the game as an adventure / puzzle sorta game.  In fact I would describe the game as ""creepy as hell"" and honestly did not enjoy it.  After spending the afternoon downloading it, and then playing it for most of the evening I wish I had not done so.  I'm not aware of Steam offering a ""money back guarantee"" which is a shame.In the spirit of fairness however the game play was fine, it was the content that i didn't like.  Those who are into the Resident Evil and Silent Hill type of games might enjoy this one just fine."
76561197960679837,Not Recommended,215280,8748425,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Maximum Over Greg,"Could have been something but I just feel like I'm trying to play a MMO built around the Playstation Home hub. Just bland looking game, looks ok, just feels no fun. I had hopes for this :/"
76561198082174616,Recommended,215280,33593713,Posted: 16 July,all,hells blacksmith,love it
,Recommended,215280,30824271,Posted: 29 March,all,Shadow4322,"For starters this is the best MMORPG I have played in my life, this is comparing it to SWTOR, WOW, and Rift. It's combat is revolutionary and the storyline makes sense. In conclusion do not hesitate to buy this game."
,Not Recommended,215280,8783049,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Nubo,"I did a quick search on Steam for ""Secret"" hoping to buy ""Secrets of the Magic Crystal"" but accidentally bought this game. No unicorns at all, would not recommend. 5/10."
76561198009097950,Not Recommended,215280,33957750,Posted: 1 August,all,Papa Bear,"BUYER BEWARE.SECRET WORLD LEGENDS CHARGES A RECURRING FEE FOR PATRON STATUS, WITHOUT YOU AUTHORIZING IT, OR INFORMING YOU THEY WILL BE DOING SO."
,Not Recommended,215280,33936131,Posted: 31 July,all,Spieltrieb,One of the greatest MMO´s got Downgraded to a Community milking P2W Game.
,Not Recommended,215280,8759871,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Snf,littered with hidden micro-transactionsavoid
,Not Recommended,215280,8753896,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Viadric,"This game is downright one of the worst MMO's I have played. I got it for 5 dollars and I still wish I could of saved my money. I thought it would be cool to explore the world of HP Lovecraft, but the fact that it is riddled with lots of bugs makes my experience less enjoyable.-No leveling system.-Hardly anyone on.-Server I play on is a ghost town.-The dungeons and raids are way to easy.-The plans for future content is very small.-They haven't added any new content in a very long time.-Doesn't play well with the newer gpu's AMD R series or Nvidia 700 cards."
76561197983447579,Recommended,215280,33672408,Posted: 20 July,all,Gabriel Mantzel Nielsen,LOL when i click start game Secret World Legends.It just start up ´The Secret World.This has nothing to do with Secret World Legends.
,Not Recommended,215280,34063689,Posted: 6 August,all,DrugsBunny,What have they done avoid this like the plague!
,Not Recommended,215280,33109168,Posted: 1 July,all,wentige,"***UPDATE***Secret World Legends is now properly on steam and I was excited and prepared to come back and revisit this review and give it a thumbs up, because I enjoy playing this game so much. But it seems steam would like to throw another wrench in the works.So first the launcher gets all the updates done for the game and I try logging into the game and it says that now I need to log in through steam. No problem. So I copy my fully updated install into the steam directory and steam begins to verify it. Everything's looking good.It goes through a huge process of verifying the install and it all seems good,  until suddenly it says it still needs to download 19+ gigs. What the hell? Haven't we done this dance before, Secret World?So now I'm stuck, again, looking down the barrel of days of downloading a game I've already downloaded, again, and deciding if it's worth not being able to play for a few weeks and missing the whole launch even so I don't blast through my data soft-cap again. Great job steam. Thanks for doing another bangup job.***Original Review***""Alright, I'm really excited for TSW: Legends. The page for TSW changes to TSW:L and it removes the launch/download button on the page. I wait until the release date of the 23rd, my game has some kind of update, so to be safe, I delete TSW instead. The TSW:L page now has the play/download button live on it. So I start my download.Now I don't have very good internet where I live, so I wait patiently for 9 days and devote all my bandwidth to downloading this game. Today it's FINALLY finished downloading and I'm ready to roll. I open up the game, but to my confusion it looks the same as TSW. All my characters are intact, all their progress is intact, but I remember reading about how that's not going to happen and is the big reason people who previously had tons of time in the game were grouchy about the relaunch.So I ask a friend if for some reason they changed their policy about losing all of your progress, but he tells me that I just spent the last 9 days redownloading the same game I already had. Even though the page I downloaded it from said ""Download/Play Now"" The Secret World: Legends. So I'm pretty disappointed in this rerelease and the lack of diseminating information and the confusing store page.At this point I'm very let down and probably won't end up playing this game after all as I don't have 2ish weeks worth of bandwidth to burn again on a game I was told I already downloaded.Thanks a lot Funcom and good job on an absolutely confusing failure at launching your new game."""
,Not Recommended,215280,12282308,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ProBooster,"I bought this game with high expectations. I couldn't wait to play with my best friend and when we got it we played for 5-6 hours and quickly realised how abyssmal the combat system was with my fingers getting tangled up while trying to move and cast spells at the same time. I'm pretty sure I broke my middle finger a few times while playing as I screamed at the screen.TL;DR Do not buy, it's pretty much a scam since you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway"
76561197973431640,Not Recommended,215280,33951286,Posted: 1 August,all,znuggles,"First time trying Secret World Legends, it crashed during character creation. I have better things to do with my time."
,Not Recommended,215280,33638968,Posted: 18 July,all,Eddie Dexx,"This game seems to go pay4win.. RIP TSWI would recommend the original TSW edition that was a BuyOncePlayHowMuchYouLike but the ""free""-2-play version I wouldn't recommend at all since you will be handicapped if you don't either sub or use microtransactions required to progress in game (like CandyCrush and Neverwinter)Also it feels like a knock in the face to everyone who bought this game at first place. we've been deceived"
,Not Recommended,215280,33816848,Posted: 26 July,all,Doc Cthulhu,"Don't get me wrong I enjoy this game however the customer service both live support and email (if anyones even there) is absolute crap. my account was suspended for no reason shortly after the relaunch and right after i signed up for their little monthly perk pack. it has been two weeks since i submitted a work ticket to find out why and have not recieved any reply whatsoever, i contacted live support and after reading the explanation as to why i was contacting them they stated they cannot help on live chat and shut down the chat, i reopened trying to get an answer and was disconnected with right as they connected... funcom really does not care about their playerbase as i am not the only person i know experiencing the same issue.  FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CUSTOMER SERVICE FUNCOM"
,Not Recommended,215280,9009943,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,BlackJack λ,"Not worth the money looks much much worse than it actually is, the gameplay is very bad, and the combat if very difficult. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME!"
76561197979904532,Not Recommended,215280,8863787,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,PapaShango,"If you like themepark MMO's, tab target...drawn out storylines and lots of timesink...then Secret World is for you!I bought this game on sale last summer as I was in search of a new MMO to play...sadly I wasted my money...for me this game was trash, mostly due to it being very linear and having really boring combat with less than average story behind it.Thumbs down...way down."
,Not Recommended,215280,12289730,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Idiocynical,Vaguely akin to receiving a colonoscopy from a cactus with tourettes and and PTSD. I prefer games with controls that don't give you arthritis in 5 nano seconds.
76561198000058788,Not Recommended,215280,18254774,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Tater No-Pants,meh
76561198047379631,Not Recommended,215280,33068510,Posted: 30 June,all,✪ DracooLa,"So....after playing Secret World Legends for a couple of hours....I can say that ......NOTHING HAS changed regarding the combat ! Same clunky lame effects.....if you play with a sword...you`ll get dizzy after 5min.What drove me away from TSW....drove me away from this ""re-vamp"" of the game.it`s a nono for me...."
76561198114988555,Not Recommended,215280,9009953,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,FireManSam4000,"Not good, the trailers and stuff makes the game look much better than it is, combat is iffy, lags on lower end pc it is gay, plz dont buy."
,Not Recommended,215280,10194400,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,is a mmo dont get
76561198079816016,Not Recommended,215280,27944167,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Straight Shota K1NG,"I haven't played the game, but I know you're full of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198065888627,Not Recommended,215280,14633491,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Arcade,Not Worth buying.waste of money and time !Terrible FIghting style.Any♥♥♥♥♥♥> TSW
76561198028538100,Not Recommended,215280,8747578,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,CodeCracker,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥I Was stoked when I first heard of it but then...♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,215280,9180708,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Glenn Radars,Another stereotypical crappy gameplay game. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,215280,8924142,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,KushFartz Maybe,If you like DODOOOOO this is for you :)
,Not Recommended,215280,19419126,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SHOCKCABLE,"Old graphics on a 3 year old game.  If you decide to buy it, I recomend only get it when it's on sale.This game,""the Secrete World"" isn't a secrete at all, unless you haven't bought the game.Surprisingly enough you hope for more than what it is.Here's the breakdown of it:1. 3rd person shooter.2. Zombies3 . 3 factions of play.Pros:Ultimate edition includes:free cat , outfit, 2 hats, and starter weaponsAll the previously released DLC'sCons:GraphicsRough UItutorialOverall Rating:I would say 6/10.  It's not at the top of the list but, there are far worse games out there!To theDEVELOPERS,Please for the love ofGAMINGIf you release new continentUPDATE THE GRAPHICS ENGINE!"
,Recommended,215280,32714650,Posted: 24 June,all,𝔖𝔭𝔬𝔬𝔎,Brilliant game.
,Not Recommended,215280,5828345,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Dominant Chris,Wasn't worth the 40GB download.
,Not Recommended,215280,8827145,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Dispenser,Don't buy this game. I got banned for roleplaying on a roleplaying server.
76561198021184405,Not Recommended,215280,8264471,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,mortosdiablo006,"Well, I played it four a couple hours now. I bought the Massive Edition. I can't get past the controls, The commands are all over the key board. I find it to be quite clunky. No team work at all, everyone one just ignores each other. Graphics are ok, But my god the camera gives me a headache. It would be better if you could move around with the left mouse button. WASD controls with the 1234 commands are all you will be doing. Zombies spawn out of no where, annoying. I hit T so switch to crosshairs, and its messes with the whole interface. The interface is choppy, I click on a button like 5-10 times before it registers. I can't say anything about the story line because I havent gotten very far. I dont think it's worth $30, Definetly not worth $60! I feel like they put some effort into the game, But the controls are a real let down for me."
76561198022086675,Not Recommended,215280,25201980,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,FusionTetrax,can't even log in on the secret world page says my information is not correct what a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,215280,32208381,Posted: 5 June,all,massaleksandre,Very nice world!!!)))
,Not Recommended,215280,32759024,Posted: 24 June,all,Flash Gorden,"Unfortunately, for the SWL new launch... it keeps hanging when I start the game.Fresh install and would open to the launcher, click start and it starts to play the starting intros, like the FunCom logo, Nvida Logo, etc, and then it would hang.  Tried to 'repair DB' and relaunched still no go.  Would randomly hang during the intro logos, might hang at the FunCom, next time at the Nvidia logo, its random, not at the same place each time I start!Latest Nvidia drivers and everything WIndows patched (Win 10).  Other games runs fine, such as ME:A and Gears of War.So for now, I cannot recommand this game."
,Not Recommended,215280,25469804,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kahl,"Beautiful game, horrible UI.  You have no idea how irritating it is to have windows appear in the middle of a battle and no obvious way to close."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,215280,16936516,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dustin,"You're typical MMORPG... again, excecpt with modern guns/timeline and even zombies.Boring...5/10"
,Recommended,215280,31181105,Posted: 16 April,all,Zet,"I don't get why people are going crazy about them keeping the reviews from TSW for Legends. Sure, it's a lot of changes, but it's intended to be more of a major overhaul, not a new game in itself (just a free to play ""re-launch"" of the existing game.) Sure, the changes may turn out bad, we don't know yet, but it's still the same game, just changed. You might as well say it's dishonest for ALL games to keep the same Steam listing and reviews when they're updated."
76561197988150379,Recommended,215280,12442472,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Bestgirl,Best Game Ever
76561197978644489,Not Recommended,215280,10150309,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Zorkmid,Its poo
,Not Recommended,215280,8748267,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,this game sucks. the combat is repetive the story is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the writing and voice acting are terrible. this game is one big massive pile of dump.
,Not Recommended,215280,33939956,Posted: 31 July,all,Ham the Terrible,Don't give Fumcom your money.  Their customer support is almost non-existant and they will rip you off.  Do your research online and you will see they're known for this.
76561198141595873,Not Recommended,215280,28725574,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DragFos,FPS Problems well ♥♥♥♥ it i have 240 fps on csgo with max settings but in this game lowest settings and ı have 14 -40 fpsalso you need to give money every month to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game :/
76561197973864561,Not Recommended,215280,33726409,Posted: 22 July,all,Laslo,"So what the hek has Funcom done here?  It says i have TSWL in my library, but when I click play it starts TSW, not TSWL. Have they actually just renamed the page for TSW to promote their New Coke? This feels very fraudulent if you ask me. Also it seems like their agenda is already successful. Agartha in old TSW is completely devoid of players. This dog won't hunt Monsignor.[EDIT]}And the deception is complete: Was going to play some TSW, yeah not the new abomination that has bereft me of my character progress, my hard earned items, my pre-order stuff, my map annotations, sorry I get carried away.  Anyway, the game is now replaced by SWL. I had to re-download TSW as a stand-alone client this time, and spend a good few hours patching it. To my surprise there were a few players in game this time. Maybe more people will return, or am I just being nostalgically hopeful? Funcom can go suck an elf for all I care."
76561198048730057,Not Recommended,215280,29925849,Posted: 14 February,all,ArchGoose,"If♥♥♥♥♥♥fertilized the decomposing remains of dead video games, this game would be the god damn king of fertilizer.I have no doubt at one time or another, this game was kind of cool and interesting, now it's a shell of its former self and entirely dated."
76561197972321153,Recommended,215280,34481690,Posted: 25 August,all,Über Ginger,Updates have definitely enhanced the combat since the original release.
,Recommended,215280,33779899,Posted: 24 July,all,voidianpreacher,"Plays Templars,Takes back teh Holy Land:10/10 would Deus Vult again!"
,Not Recommended,215280,24672509,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zoiiidberg,Just super boring. theres some micro purchase ingame
76561198028013994,Not Recommended,215280,8725949,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ThatOneGuy,"Awful, not even worth the FTP aspect"
76561198040714246,Not Recommended,215280,11129530,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Mustangcase,Buggy as all hell and unable to run it despite hours of troubleshooting. Not worth your time.
,Not Recommended,215280,12282284,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mr.Choi,"its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥  I really want to like it but i dont.  I bought it with high expectations... i came out with a smashed up laptop. I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back. okay i reconmend this game if you are planning on dying a virgin , if you are on this page leave it now."
,Not Recommended,215280,9079542,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Mr. J,"It's a pretty decent game, just feels really generic. Follow this, go there, kill some zombies, etc. Wasn't worth 30 dollars, in my opinion. I feel as if I wasted my money. It's a fun game to play when there's absolutely nothing else to do, but that's about it.I give it a 5/10EDIT: Legends only made it worse. Now there's an energy pool? Way to absolutely beat a dead horse."
76561198051943747,Not Recommended,215280,21047007,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,khtl,Terrible  game. The combat mechanics are wack.   Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,215280,18741671,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Almighty So,"Got this game to play with acquaintances a few years back. Needless to say we are no longer acquaintances and even so, this game was whack as ♥♥♥♥ because it's an MMO and ain't nobody got time to be grinding♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do I like this? Naw."
,Recommended,215280,31684872,Posted: 11 May,all,Amra,!!!
76561198042013751,Recommended,215280,26755657,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Smokey,Beeee
76561197974399208,Not Recommended,215280,30259564,Posted: 1 March,all,Manio,Very good game.Terrible MMO.
,Not Recommended,215280,24362551,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,k4ozium,"This game has a great scenario and story, and great quests, but the game is so loaded with bugs that it is barely playable. Beware. Better games are available, don't waste your time on this one."
,Not Recommended,215280,24013654,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,melloh7,"after playing this game for a while I can tell you this is the most boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever played. first of all is the download time, then the character customisation is very minimal and the whole rpg side of it seems to be entirely gone. they have obviously tried with this game but it needs severe improvements.3/10"
76561198007226198,Not Recommended,215280,9874269,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Lato,"Complete trash. So this game is not new, not even close. Sadly I paid for this game when I should not have. I cannot even play this game, the patcher is glitched and there is no excuss for this. Since this game has such a serious problem it should not even be on Steam, then again Steam doesn't care if it has bugged games on it.I read the fourms and they say just restart the patcher, did it many times and doesn't help. I want my money back!!! And all the bandwidth I wasted downloading this #$%!"
76561198026074229,Not Recommended,215280,3687181,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,It's Mer!,"The only thing I ""recommend"" with this game is that you keep your $50 and wait and see if this goes free to play if you're interested. I do like the free movement, cast spells and use abilities while your moving action it has going on, but the story isn't interesting the graphics aren't that good, voice synching in cutscenes is horrible. I read an article and watched some videos on this game and convinced myself it would be worth the money. I was wrong."
,Not Recommended,215280,33678483,Posted: 20 July,all,Postal,changed my password twicetransfered my normal account over to legends still can not login even with 2 passwords i've madealso paid for this and can't play itpain in the♥♥♥♥
76561197993366816,Recommended,215280,31463329,Posted: 30 April,all,SheepDog,There is no spoon
,Not Recommended,215280,33702543,Posted: 21 July,all,Principality of Sealand,"Couldnt sign in, kept getting an obscure error..."
,Not Recommended,215280,13379544,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,rainf0x,"Very positive for this crap? Haha, do not waste your money."
76561198040494174,Not Recommended,215280,33417505,Posted: 9 July,all,✨ֆʊռȶʀǟɨʟֆ✨,Both TSW and SWL stole my time and money with false promises and lies.
,Not Recommended,215280,12919332,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,DragonScar,"Just your average WoW-like gameplay where you spam a button to cause damage. If that's not your kind of idea for combat, don't buy."
76561198027197935,Not Recommended,215280,8745054,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,[╬] Mr.bobsack438,"this game is terrible DO NOT BUY!!! Voice acting is off completely, customizing characters is super superrrr limited, clothing terrible and controls suck! press 1 to shoot wtf?"
,Not Recommended,215280,8288533,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jonsta,Plays like WoW but with a lot less direction. Avoid :( Can't wait till Funcom releases another TLJ game.
76561198012218856,Not Recommended,215280,8480676,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,adrian_koll,horrible controls and an intro so long and boring I've lost intrest in playing this game before it has even started
,Not Recommended,215280,8418475,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sevquis,"A horrible, horrible interface with a miriad of confusing stats that make no immediate sense. All coupled with some very poor voice acting and you have an MMO that really isn't that fun for free-to-play. Even Neverwinter, in all it's terriblness, is better than this."
,Not Recommended,215280,8420355,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cash Bandicoot,"the trailer make it look positivly delightfull to play and the images make it look full of glee and jubalee, but in fact it is an awful game, the lipsyncing is horrible the graphics are trash and it is very awkward."
76561198027120877,Not Recommended,215280,13179726,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Dallas,Purchased it and it wasn't even worth playing.
76561198101206816,Not Recommended,215280,22065626,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Trinitok,Heard it had a lot of grindingTried it outNeeds more stripper poles0/10 would not grind again
76561198014944926,Not Recommended,215280,26282108,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,KnightWolf,"[Review for the original game, not the relaunch]I don't usually review games with such little play time but I just can't play this game anymore than I already have. It just feels terrible for a B2P game. This wouldn't even be good for a F2P game. It's a tab target game with no auto-attack, what is up with that? I tried every weapon in the tutorial and I didn't like any of them. Maybe I'm just spoiled from all the fancy mmos I have played, but this combat is even worse than WoW. I see graphics glitches, poor performance, and this game still looks like garbage.The only positive I see to this game is the narrative. Maybe if this game had a different developer that actually cared about the game it would be good, but it doesn't even feel finished. I would think after 4 years this game would actually feel fun to play, but it just doesn't. I feel bad for not giving it a chance, but it's just not fun. If I by some chance manage to stomach the game a little further and my opinion changes I will update my review."
76561197970388080,Not Recommended,215280,13172373,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Killjoy,This game is the single most frustrating experience I have had in 10 years of MMO games. I want my money back...
76561198109065548,Not Recommended,215280,28196144,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mad Macaroni,"Steam gives you a key, then you wait 2 hours to install everything. Then the game tells you to make a login for a non-subscription game. Then it tells you your key isn't valid.10/10 if you like burning the only night you have in a month with no kids in the house on a scam."
76561198039653932,Not Recommended,215280,28835112,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,javipl1974,"complete rip-off. over a year I've been trying to access the game (got a month-free offer when purchased it but was never able to enjoy a single minute of the game): resetting password several times, made sure I wrote it correctly, .... always the same message: wrong credentials. I've been trying from time to time but I just gave up. Will be deleted from my library forever ... worst bought ever"
,Not Recommended,215280,2290118,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Sarda,"The most non-sensical mish-mash of randomness I've ever seen commited to code. The more you play the more confused you'll be. Nothing is explained, not even basic gameplay features like crafting. The world feels completely artificial, and its full of constantly copy and pasted mobs. Alot of quests require you to be solo, in a multiplayer game. Just everything bad bad bad 4/10 tops."
,Not Recommended,215280,12956971,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,FRAZER57,"Worst game I've ever purchased on Steam. I wasn't expecting a lot, maybe something interesting and new to pick up and get into or even just a whim purchase as I've heard so much about it however my 'whim' resulted in a wasted 25 bucks, it was absolutely mundane and quite frankly tiresome. It's a weird mixture and If you're intrigued I suggest you try to play it on a friends account (if they own the game obviously) or just be stupid enough to shell out the cash and witness the boredom."
76561198032298791,Not Recommended,215280,33934073,Posted: 31 July,all,Karochi,SWL is TSW for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who didn't have the mental capability to survive Kingsmouth.
76561198076082541,Not Recommended,215280,31923244,Posted: 23 May,all,『CinnamonWaffle』,"The graphics are pretty dated now, and the story gets pretty boring and drawn out at times. Shame because I really wanted to like this game but just can't get into it"
76561197974621677,Not Recommended,215280,8161523,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Xyst,Game would not run on my computer despite surpassing all the specs
76561198090705841,Not Recommended,215280,33324903,Posted: 6 July,all,deelishous,"nothing...steam implies it is in my library but no way to access it...hit ""play now"" and get old TSW"
76561198297640998,Not Recommended,215280,26446650,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ScarletXVI,"The game is good, I mean CG movie, and nothing else."
76561197985704187,Not Recommended,215280,9941143,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,MMOS ARE DUMB
76561198052274041,Not Recommended,215280,12793984,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Impious,"As someone with 0 MMORPG experience- this game is not fun at all. I like the concept but the controls are awful (especially in combat), the missions are tedious, and the interactions with other players are awkward and pointless.Seems like a work in progress. It was a great Steam Sale deal so I'm happy to support it's development. Improve character handling and give me something to do besides endless missions and I'll come back."
76561198104897913,Not Recommended,215280,24732066,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Binge Eater,Hours and hours spent on the first area. Not even out yet. Only reason i have so many hours is because I left it running in the background. On of my biggest wastes of money.
76561198040623896,Not Recommended,215280,12789669,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,GeniusCayote,"I am very disappointed.I started to like the fabulous community, graphic, story, voice acting and ect. BUT after playing 30 hours and going a bit deeper through the story, i faced SOLO INSTANCES missions which were considerebly bothersome for me since i chose to be a full Healer (which is my only favourite class). Story short, the game will limit your playstyle to a more general one, as i've seen people are easily able to switch between full healer and tank unlike other MMOS (where they have to play ROLES, whitch are not switchable through the game)"
76561198005801906,Not Recommended,215280,33451658,Posted: 11 July,all,Negritis,"sad to say, but the gameplay is waaay outdated and even then it would be bad"
76561198042953801,Not Recommended,215280,20094506,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,stabPirate,"This is literally the -WORST- game I've ever played in my entire life.The ONLY reason you'd play this game is to get background info on the relative information on the underworld on Earth.OTHERWISE, this is the WORST game EVER...SERIOUSLY..LIKE WTF"
76561198109573366,Recommended,215280,12361445,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Jutal P,nice meemed
,Recommended,215280,31234691,Posted: 19 April,all,CaptainTabasco,really need russian language!
,Not Recommended,215280,28740156,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tye.gilson,Bad review untill its playable for me... It costs 30.00 more to play it. naa. steam should banish you as well untill you make it a better deal for the customer.. Booo!
,Not Recommended,215280,32853739,Posted: 27 June,all,El Papa Emeritus,"I tried to install this game don't do it inless you 1. you have a beast of a machine,  2. want to lag like hell I play this game a few years ago when it first came out.  After I was done with World of Warcraft I really love the Lovecraft aspects of the game and how you could go it alone if you wanted to.  And the Puzzle were were great as well but now it a hot mess of garbage.  Unplayable, just all around boken wosrt then when the game first came out."
76561198062354645,Not Recommended,215280,25353850,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NBowen4113,I keep trying to log into the game but it's telling me my information isn't correct and yet i can still log into the site.
,Recommended,215280,12497890,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Breach キ  ラ  ー,top kek
,Not Recommended,215280,12401824,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,heyimaustin,"They honestly make this game out to sound a lot better than it is. The controls are a bit wonky and the story is slow. If you're looking for a good MMO, then you should probably look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,215280,14946819,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Kopy Kap,"I fell for it when it got released. Almost bought the insane $200 ""bundles""."
76561198006174834,Not Recommended,215280,10005113,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Nova,Got board quick didn't like it
,Not Recommended,215280,33798071,Posted: 25 July,all,Levin989,If you are talking about the original Secret world I would recommend it without a doubt. However soon it will be Secret World Legends I can't spammy combat and Pay to Win to a ridiculous degree.
76561198145070163,Not Recommended,215280,31511286,Posted: 2 May,all,xxbiohazardousjenxx,"I'm disappointed with this game, it took way to long to start up. It was around 2 hours and I wasn't even playing the game. It's slow for me, my character was glitched from the start, and I hate the controls of the game....."
76561198111936868,Not Recommended,215280,8687172,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,wtfgoingon,i have 2011 imac 680 mx  bootcamp windows 8.1 when i lunch the game its not responding !!! what can i do ?  59 $ where i can complain ????????????????????
,Not Recommended,215280,26331612,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kalen,"Pros:Story apparentlyCons:If you think you wanna try this in under 2 hours, be prepare for this...wait for patcher for 20 minutes (eating up valuable refund time)realise you have to make an account ( I did this during the update, would have wasted a ton more time for most people )register CD key on website, using awful surveys along the wayGet ingame, can't login for another 15 minutes after making an account before patcher was done.Finally get in game:Bunch of paid extras like apparel and expansions (Was this supposed to be f2p?)Monthly pay for ""Member"" status, after buying the gamecombat is poopcontrols are poopcan't even aim guns, auto target is pooppoop is poopget stuck in tutorial cause the game thinks you're indefinently in combat so you can't pick up a weapon.game just poops right in your shoeswalk around with poop shoes while you wait for a refund"
76561198054438418,Not Recommended,215280,12650590,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,mercenaryai,"The excellent setting, story and lore of the game are surpassed by the awful grind (even by MMO standards) and boring game mechanics.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,215280,16461262,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SPIWS,Bad MMO.
,Not Recommended,215280,25114304,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Arcaneshield,"This game runs like crap, is buggy as hell, and contributed greatly to my depression."
,Not Recommended,215280,12784777,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Red Letter Day,Mouse pointer is misaligned and they have know it for two years 1/10
,Not Recommended,215280,33919793,Posted: 30 July,all,Doctor Gar,"This game cannot be recommended in good conscious for a variety of reasons, which I will cover below. Starting with a look at the relaunch and a look original, then a look at the company in terms of questionable business and moral decisions, and finally a look at the community and what to expect out of it. Both the good and the bad without exaggeration; based largely on facts with some opinions interjected. The review will also have to reference other games to give context about the above in terms of gauging, and will cover other Funcom releases as well as non-Funcom releases.(This review also mentions dating periods for verification; it was also written and revised/rewritten from the headstart of SWL to the imminient Steam release. All information is double checked and verified before posting of this review. Some segments may be left to showcase how things were, and there should be a reference of changes mentioned.)Also don't judge my Steam play time. I've been playing the non-Steam versions of this game and will continue doing so. The play time for this game is for Steam Cards and to actually post a review.Due to the limit of how large a review can be I have made a Steam Guide to cover the review in actual depth.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1095812999July 21, 2017 Update: SWL just released on Steam and I was going to give the upcoming event (The Whispering Tide) a go since I was unable to try it the first time; but I get an error saying that I must convert my Funcom account to a Steam account, despite having never logged onto either game through Steam. It is a personal pet peeve of mine to have something as simple and basic as the freedom to choose to play SWL through Steam or not. It gets harder and harder to stick with this game. And I was still actively playing and was planning to do so, but in case you didn't hear there's also this bug where converting your account may also drop your Patron (subscription status). If you're curious as to what my luck was it can be answered with a simple, ""F@ck you too Funcom. F@ck you too."""
,Not Recommended,215280,29173528,Posted: 10 January,all,Merlynox,"If you want to get oral sex in the very beginning of the game become a Dragon! You dont even have to wait or do anything to earn it! You just get  it straight away from some Korean hooker.Honestly, I find the dragon path a bit insulting of Asians. And its way more likely that females in the USA would suck you off before they know you at all. I think this is just someone wanting to live his/her fantasy through CG. Brings the value of the game down.*As soon as i started the game my character got oral sex and i didnt have any say in the matter, and it disconnected me from my character quite a bit, to the point im not even sure i will be playing her in the long run. Im aware theres sexual content in the game but i was not aware it would be done to or with my character and i had no choice in the matter, which is funny considering the context of the game being choice and free will and shaping your own character.I did make 3 characters, one in each faction, to experience each one and its storyline, and possibly chosoe one of the 3 to get deeply involved in. Though as far as I can tell, all of the factions are evil. There are no factions with good intentions to represent.I think thats important to know in the beginning of the game. And some characters are better than others. So far the illuminati has the highest number of lovable characters, for me. But I'm still not certain which faction i will stick with, if i continue to play this in the long run.The other two factions start off much better, which again is ironic considering the illuminati faction is meant to be the ones who desire power and control money etc so youd imagine them to be the more sleazy cult as well. But nah, its the dragons.And not only is this way out of context, its the exact opposite of actuality. The initial dialogue from the professor is very good but that girl opposes everything he says. But they make it seem as though it goes hand in hand. Sex does not make you more receptive to anything. Especially not on such a low level. It certainly doesnt bring you to enlightenment or make you more prophetic.You guys almost made me think youre intelligent, but then it just drops off the edge of the flat Earth.*From the very beginning youre left not knowing how to do what they ask of you, there are new concepts in this game, new names for things, and it would be most helpful if they explained the world youre in a bit more before asking you to use whats in it.I was lost in the training. Half of the instuction is dealt to you in quick fleeting boxes of text. Explain what we need to know, or let us opt out of it if youre concerned about people being bored from tutorials. Ive always used tutorials and ive been gaming for more than 25 years. I like to know the games im playing.And i really wish youd have told us how to Sprint in the very first moment we could contol our characters.*Also, youre going to have to deal with notifications being flashed briefly on the screen while someone is speaking or teaching you something so if you read that quickly and read/hear what theyre saying and process it all, youre good. Otherwise, youre going to be very frustrated.*The fighting so far feels a bit awkward to me, but ill give it time, wait until im more familiar with the gameplay.*Props for level design and dialogue, however. Both are top notch. This must be why the game has good reviews. I wish the rest of it matched this quality.And from what ive seen from before playing it monsters are designed very well, too. Ive been very much looking forward to encountering them.This is an early review, i will be playing this a bit more and will review it again to give it a chance to make good on some of the things i dont like about it currently. The beginning of the Dragon faction will never make good, however.More critiques since I wrote that stuff:I wish mannerisms were more specific to the characters. For example, Dame Beatrix of the Templars is communicating her concern for how one carries himself, is obviously concerned about being considered respectable, and yet shes cracking her neck and kicking the ground as idle moves. Not fitting at all and thus distances me from the realm. I would like to be immersed in it for the time im playing it, ya?Voice acting:Main characters seem to be well voiced, with interesting or fitting voices and good voice acting. All side characters, whether people on the street or bigger characters like NPCs in your factions, are not necessarily given fitting voices or believable voice acting.All the little things are missing in this.This particular review is a little messy i know, ill clean it up some other time."
76561198003193269,Not Recommended,215280,32859760,Posted: 27 June,all,Hellfire,Unbelievable. I spent the last 24 hours downloading this but it downloaded the previous game instead. Which is a much better game anyway but it's going to die soon. The same fate I wish to this abomination.
76561198064053964,Not Recommended,215280,12862178,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,lilmoan1989,you pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥game wont let me play i hear theres no more membership payments i have game already and cant play why the ♥♥♥♥ not when i paid for this game long ago
,Not Recommended,215280,12728861,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,francisimo,"After only a few hours of gameplay I couldn't stand the terrible graphics and poor performance of The Secret World anymore. I bought it on an offer because I keep hearing people raving about how great the quest design, atmosphere, and character freedom is in this game. However, these things were not apparent to me in the first few hours of the game and the generally cheap feel of the product prevented me from sticking with it until it (maybe) would get better or more involved. If you're looking for something very different from all the other MMORPGs out there, then TSW seems to offer this, but beware, this game is very poorly optimised, runs like crap, and, quite frankly, looks like a game made in 2006."
,Not Recommended,215280,26755551,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WhaHappened Exfire,NopeNot Woth its pricebad mechanicsboring gameplay.......Dont buy
,Not Recommended,215280,29806459,Posted: 9 February,all,ck_2_u,"so boring, all been done b4 and just terrible"
,Not Recommended,215280,25878728,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,qal,i can't create a character?
,Not Recommended,215280,28766981,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zurenarrh36912,Hot mouth garbage
76561198108053945,Not Recommended,215280,12746243,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Scrambles The Death Dealer,This game is terrible save your ten bucks...
76561198070214207,Not Recommended,215280,12547853,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,higherfasternow,"Ugh, terrible, wish I'd never spent the cash on this one. Don't bother. Controls are clunky, character customization is weak, graphics are substandard."
,Not Recommended,215280,31291219,Posted: 22 April,all,mongole,Not playable with resolutions above 1920x1080. Not worth the money if you own a bigger screen.
,Not Recommended,215280,31984379,Posted: 26 May,all,Sai,I paid for this♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its f2p. gtfo
,Not Recommended,215280,23681095,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,james.franco,"Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing trash, awful controls, awful combat, ♥♥♥♥ graphics, cancerous ♥♥♥♥ing solo only instances, in a ♥♥♥♥ing MMO."
76561197966217106,Not Recommended,215280,33389108,Posted: 8 July,all,StealthAirman82,Decided to come back to this game after several months.Couldn't remember password.Reset password.Can't log into game.Reset password again.Can't log into game.Reset password a third time.Verify Keyboard isn't f*cky.Still can't log into game.Contact customer support.No response.F*ck this game.Then trolls come in with derogatory comments and useless advice.F*ck the people.
76561198363082884,Not Recommended,215280,30329914,Posted: 4 March,all,raisinghad3s,I have no clue how to play this game waste of money
,Not Recommended,215280,26281843,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pablo Escobar,Bad graphicsNot funBoring
76561197998502783,Not Recommended,215280,33918605,Posted: 30 July,all,Pickle Rick,secret world legends :pukep2w afsame game as the secret world only worse
,Not Recommended,215280,26285714,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Scrubshark,Cannot play the game.All nicknames in the entire world are taken or cannot be used.Best money waste simulator of 2016.
76561198023116582,Not Recommended,215280,25373054,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zakennayo,"Guys. No excuses. This type of game needs to die already. It was boring as ♥♥♥♥ in WoW, and its boring as ♥♥♥♥ now.If you like this type of sit still and do nothing for an hour type of game, go to a therapist and try to find out why you hate yourself so much.Combat is boring. Global CD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that died back in WOTLK in WoW.UI is annoying and painful to deal with.Game is basically dead with no global chat, so little to no sense of community.Charactor creation is pathetically weak. Check the shade of skin, hair, and eye color. Select what weird♥♥♥♥♥anime hair you want, throw on some lame♥♥♥♥♥accessories and DONE!Graphics look nice. Too bad graphics are borderline worthless in a game. This isn't a movie people, we don't spend money to look at 3D Trees in high def.Hello ZakennayoYour purchase has been refunded by Steam.We’ve issued the refund to the payment provider. You should see a credit or see the original charge removed from your statement within 14 days.The Secret World - Playtime: 84 minutesPurchased: Sep 5, 2016 PDTTotal refund:   	$29.99"
,Recommended,215280,10115404,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Rem,I love this game #sleeper
76561198044835549,Recommended,215280,10074648,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Suicidal Sloth,"Incredibly addicting. It starts out slow at first, but once you're in the game you're in. I prefer rich story heavy games and this hit the spot. Some might not like it due to it's basic 1-7 hotkey combat, but the fun part happens BEFORE the fight. Limitless combinations of abilties and passives that can work. 8/10"
76561198048035398,Recommended,215280,10383743,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dalron,its fun
76561198009141377,Recommended,215280,2549132,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Nyarlathotep,Ambiance lovecraftienne garantie !!
,Recommended,215280,2867688,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,SirSquishy,Pro:Interesting character customization system.Con:Dull combat system.
76561198046924042,Recommended,215280,5246323,"Posted: 22 September, 2012",all,{HST}TheKurd,Not worth the money makes u pay 14 monthly do not get this game
76561198041163297,Recommended,215280,10048379,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,/dev/null,"Ignore the time spent playing as recorded by steam. I leave this game open and run it from the directory.This game is... well, it's pretty good really. It's not the most polished. It's not bug/glitch free. It doesn't have the best graphics, models, animations, or sound effects, yet despite all of that it has a very cohesive world and story line, and an deeply immersive experience.I've just hit nightmare dungeons, have most of my weapon skills maxed (only hammer to go) and ran my first scenario last night (we got our butts kicked).The thing is, this game is pretty much the only MMO entry in the sci-fi/fantasy/modern smashup RPG genre. Now that it is subscription free, you're only faced with the initial purchase cost - making the game much more pocket friendly.I was dubious at first, but honestly, I've already gotten my money's worth out of the game in terms of content experienced, time played, and enjoyment had.Are there things that could be better? Definitely. The dungeon queueing system has no automatic match making, and you can either queue for all dungeons of a skill level or one, not a specific combination.The head models are not the prettiest but they do the job and same for animations. The control system can be a little frustrating at times, but again, these are lesser concerns."
76561198035605779,Recommended,215280,10183640,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,killswab,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,215280,10397198,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,AtticusMarkane,"This is a fun MMO with a storyline that just makes you want to play more. Not only that, but the side-quests tend to be just as rich. Though most story missions end up taking place in solo instances, I would still recommend this to players looking for a casual story-driven multiplayer experience."
76561197984734632,Recommended,215280,1026554,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Juan_B,This game is a blast to play and has an excellent story line.
,Recommended,215280,10343137,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,HaffelDarf,weird but funny game
,Recommended,215280,3057228,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Robert Wiesehan,"The Secret World is the one MMORPG I keep coming back to for hours each month. With no mandatory subscription fee, and the box price as the only cost for admission, it's a steal. There's lots of room to express yourself both in visual character design and combat style, and diverse mission types keep the experience fresh."
,Recommended,215280,8158957,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Edrialyse,"This is an amazing game for Lovecraft fans and non alike. Should have been free from the beginning, but worth the wait."
,Recommended,215280,2199254,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,KingMob4313,"Smartly written with a modern, if disconnected feel.  Yet another MMO taking things in a different direction."
,Recommended,215280,2538978,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Nyarth,♥♥♥♥ing great MMO in fantastic/horror universe.
76561198003801898,Recommended,215280,2192998,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,VexWicked,"This game is just completely amazing. Doesn't matter which server you play on either, play in one, play with people from others! I havn't found a single player with a bad attitude, and I've been playing almost every single day for the past few months or so. :) There are no levels in this game, you earn what you want. You ""level-up"" your weapon skills and abilities, rather than your character level so say you want to be an Assault rifle user with a secondary of elemental magic, you rank up those, but you will still be lacking on hammer/blade/etc.. Play how you want and have fun! :DIf you like games with a great community, amazing gameplay, and one of the greatest storylines I've seen so far in my time as a gamer, this is the one to play! See you in game! :D"
,Recommended,215280,4580806,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Abraxxsis,"Came into this being a bit sceptical. Its not with out its MMO shortfalls i.e grinding. This is more apparent when you go to another area and the enemies then seem unstoppable. Game is best played with friends, which is when it seems worth it. No subscription model and no pay 2 win so definatly give it a go."
76561198002733141,Recommended,215280,10235218,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IDENWIHAM,"Medium paced, exstensive skill system as well as extensive weapon system and has little to no bugsIf you're looking for a game to kill time as well as to get tripped out on a freaky, ""Secret Society"" story line, this is your game!Pros:Wide storyline with decisons to be madeFun crafting systemFun side and story quests as well as investigations and sabotage, making an MMO where you have to think to get the rewardGrinding is a thing of the past. Skill points from quests and actions rather than how much EXP you haveFluid and Wide array of combinations of skills.PRESS B for MAGIC BROWSERCons:A bit buggyFrustrating as hell if you don't know what you're doing.Lots of ♥♥♥♥ing readingYOU WILL HAVE TO USE A WALKTHROUGH ATLEAST 5 TIMES A DAY (Use the Browser)It will take you more than a day to get past the first continentNot a lot of variety MAP wise."
,Recommended,215280,10236806,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,IcePotato,"This game is a real mixed bag. The writing and setting are all great, and tons of fun. The skill system is pretty unique and finding synergies between skills is really rewarding. It does have great puzzles, which range from interesting and difficult to ""how the hell am I supposed to know that, I should have looked up the solution ten minutes ago"".On the downside, it's not really intended for solo play - area difficulty spikes quickly, and most people seem to reccomend replaying the same low-level quests over and over again to get over the humps. If you screw up a build, there's no way to reset it. The dungeons heavily emphasize the ""trinity"" system, so if you're trying to PVE with a DPS build, you will be ignored in favor of healers and tanks.I would say give it a shot, especially if it's on sale. However, it may not be your cup of tea."
76561198011463080,Recommended,215280,10271923,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,stormbirdd,"Smartest game I've ever played. Storyline is thick 'n juicy, and the writing style is everything I look for in a novel. I just love moving about in the world, especially grabbing and reading the incredible Lore. This universe is fleshed out and amazing, the fiction thorough and researched.I can't stop playing it.BTW: I recommend the Illuminati for the sheer fun of the mission reports followed by the mysterious Dragon, where you are made to feel like an important cog in a twelve-dimensional mathematical machine."
,Recommended,215280,10325920,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Massive,"Would reccomend this game to anyone, the quests in this game are entirely unique compared to all the bog standard MMO's out there."
76561198086415766,Recommended,215280,10229006,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jilina,<3
,Recommended,215280,10374942,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Eclipse,i like it
,Recommended,215280,10373338,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Crojo,One of the best mmorpg-s I've ever played. Great story and intrigues. A must for any mmorpg fan
,Recommended,215280,1416492,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Devo,"Among one of the best MMORPG games I have played.  Funcom does what it does best, story, atmosphere and graphics.  The Secret World is a great MMO for those looking for something different than your traditional cookie cutter fantasy games."
76561197960951307,Recommended,215280,9786030,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Professor,Great MMO!
76561198057272720,Recommended,215280,10100417,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,maximum_jammage,"Great game with a lot of Lovecraft references. Progression system takes some getting used to, a little confusing at first, but when you work out it's all about synergy between skills it becomes a lot more rewarding. The depth of the storyline linking the main and side quests is immense, with fully voiced cutscenes for most quests. For those looking for an easy game, this might not be for you, the learning curve is pretty steep once you get past the first area, but is very rewarding when you work it out. I'd recommend deciding what role you want to play, then trying out one of the premade decks (weapon and skills combinations."
,Recommended,215280,10105368,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Boner Jams,"Despite being from Funcom, Secret World is a surprisingly great MMO. Unlike The Old Republic, TSW lives up to the promise of story centric MMO. In it, you are a member of one of three factions (Templars, Illuminati, or The Dragon) dealing with lovecraftian monstrosities as well as coming across well known conspiracy theories.  Another highpoint has to do with the missions, specifically the investigations. These often involve puzzle solving and can have you utilize internet to figure out how the clues relate to said investigation.Funcom did a phenomenal job with fleshing out the setting that hunting down all the additional lore pickups as well as exhausting all conversation options never seems like a chore.  The biggest surprise is the overall polish to the game, an example being the quality voice acting. Best part of all, there's no subscription requirement."
76561198124781711,Recommended,215280,9149271,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Eriktor,"its a nice game, love the real world aspect im not very far into it but im really enjoying it so far"
,Recommended,215280,9098247,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,PyGuy,"Abandoning the RPG-typical class system and even the ageless numerical hierarchy of leveling up, Funcom's The Secret World is a bold and refreshing MMORPG experience. TSW demands players' attention not only in the heat of battle, but also in the cold depths of investigation missions. This is an online role-playing game for the thinker (or Google monger) in all of us. Its world's most cryptic mysteries are bound to challenge even the most intelligent and well-rounded minds. The familiar leveling system that seasoned RPG players are accustomed to is replaced with the soothing (yet at times intimidating) freedom to create any type of character you can imagine using Skill Points (SP) and Ability Points (AP). Consequently, players are no longer bound to specific weapon and armor types from the moment you choose a class. Instead, character customization is simplified down to the decision between three factions (Templars, Illuminati, Dragon), and the seemingly endless clothing options. Knock yourself out, and then indulge yourself into a world in which every urban myth and conspiracy theory immediately come to life. The recent drop of any mandatory subscription fee eliminates the worrisome pondering time on whether or not to commit to the experience. Give it a shot if you have the dough for the initial $30 entry fee!"
,Recommended,215280,9165533,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hicks,"Having played pretty much all the popular subscription MMO's and F2P MMO's on the market over the years I watched the release of TSW with much interest as the premise of it's modern day setting and 'classless' levelling system seemed to offer a welcome change from orcs and set-in-stone tank/dps/heal building. It received a mediocre response at release but as I have only recently starting playing I can only judge the game on it's current stateI picked this game up in a steam sale over Christmas (paid £8 i think) so as far as value for money goes I can't complain as for a buy once play forever game that's pretty good value (there is a cash shop but after 106hrs of play I have had no need or inclination to use it - no p2p here)When I first started playing I naturally settled into my usual MMO play style as I expected this to be much the same - how wrong I was. Once the you get over the initially steep/different learning curve I realised that the usual MMO rules didn't quite apply. The combat, though hotkey based, has a fluidity to it that requires you to keep on your toes. You can dodge attacks and simply by keeping on the move throughout combat will mitigate damage. The skill and ability system is wonderful and once you start unlocking more and more abilities you will spend hours 'tweaking' that killer DPS/survival build or tank/healer. The variety of avaiable skills and powers means that you can refresh your playstyle at the drop of a hat so I never feel stuck in a playstyle and this flexibility keeps combat fresh.There are five different quest types: story, group, main, investigation, and sub-quest. There is no need to 'hoover' up quests in a quest hub the way you would in Wow, just pick one quest and if you follow it to its conclusion (quests are multi tiered) this will lead you to another quest anyway so it flows really wellThe story and mission cut scenes are all voice acted and I personally prefer them to SWTOR. The only criticism is that they are not group friendly.The locations are wonderfully represented. The starting area is a real treat for Stephen King/H P Lovecraft fans and there is a genuinely spooky atmosphere to many of the quests in this zone. The graphics are good. Characters and loactions are well done and the ambience (in part to good music and lighting) is pleasing throughout.The dificulty spikes rather badly in the third area of the first zone and I felt a bit defeated at first but once I had masterd tinkering with builds i was able to sail through (the right build is very important to success in this game)So far I have not felt bogged down in an area and thanks to the combat and varied abilities i have yet to feel like I am grinding.For a MMO the game is catered well (maybe to well?) to solo play but chat is very active and no one seems to have any major problems with finding a group (which is all done in chat and the game has a lot to learn from the likes of wow and gw about group finding)I have not played pvp so cannot comment on that.Overall I am really enjoying this game. It is a welcome break from orcs and elves and the freedom of class building is almost a mini game in itself (a good one i might add). As long as you enter the game on its own terms (and not on the terms of any other mmo) and follow the natural flow of the game it will hopefully suck you in the way it has done for me and many others.This is a AAA title worthy of your time and money and I wholeheartedly recommend you try it out"
76561197975966011,Recommended,215280,9169255,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Rorschach,Very addictive game!!
76561198025166930,Recommended,215280,3602855,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,RentisB,Unique and different MMO than the normal fantasy/scifi. The modern feel is quite interesting and the investigation missions that require real world research are a total blast.The ability to learn every ability in the game is also quite interesting and can lead to some fun builds with only very minor old school trinity requirements.
76561198018660480,Recommended,215280,9174754,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,vall,BUY THIS GAME! amazing graphics and overrall amazing system for gameplay
76561198116336289,Recommended,215280,9178656,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,AeonRedBane,"Great stories, nice gameplay, great longevityyou have many hours of interesting riddles and fun"
,Recommended,215280,9612464,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Deathshadow,Cool twist on the usual MMO exerience. I liked it but found it a bit overwheling to understand the character perk thing.
,Recommended,215280,9616259,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,@pascalswirls,"Don't rush the storyline if you want to enjoy this game. Great game to play if you have friends to play with; just make sure you're all in it either for a laugh, or to take it seriously - the game turns to♥♥♥♥♥♥elsewise, as with all MMO's. Don't cheat on investigation missions, give them a go!"
76561198024633617,Recommended,215280,9818317,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Madpath Moth,"This game changed what it is to be an MMORPG.  Not by changing the multiplayer options, or having some crazy new combat system...  Instead it offers some of the most involved quests and storylines, with great voice acting for almost every NPC.  This is a game that blends the line between game and reality, having you going to fake websites or looking up bible passages or any number of extremely creative ways to keep you on your toes.  The world is very intruiguing, with the player factions each having distinct 'personalities' that defines them.  It takes the game's mechanics into mind when writing story and quests.  The fact that you cannot permanently die is more than just your standard MMO handwave, and in fact some quests even require you to be dead.That said, it has it's fair share of flaws--  Combat can be clunky, and when you are forced to go solo (something that happens a bit too often) it can be very punishing.  Combined with often punishingly bad ""stealth"" quests, the game can be very frustrating at times.  However, those quests can usually be ignored without any issue, and the game's world and characters continues to draw you back in, regardless."
76561198048942523,Recommended,215280,9821118,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,rowan.asgard,"Rock solid MMO game! Really enjoy not caring about levels and just making my toon, my way!"
,Recommended,215280,4940609,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"I haven't had this much fun with a game in ages. Playing about with the different weapon combinations and their different effects is thrilling. unleashing these weapons and powers upon the undead (and other awesome supernatural baddies) is absolutely satisfying. Superb writing, great voice acting,a compelling story and HARD AS ALL ♥♥♥♥ INVESTIGATION MISSIONS make this a must buy. Loads of Fun. Hell, I even spent money in the in game store.......and i'm cheaper than a viet ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,215280,9742642,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Revolt Monkey,I like it but I wish the community was more open.
76561197973052125,Recommended,215280,9768668,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Lord Dyran,I like it.  I really wish it was a single player game.
76561198093199044,Recommended,215280,9168466,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,PhoenixTears,By far the best game :) love it
,Recommended,215280,9773862,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Wassey,"the secret world is a awesome mmorpg that have conspiracy theories as a theme. and i absolutely love it.i know i have only scratched the surface of this game now when i type this, but with 50h the last 2 weeks and i see no end of the joy a have playing.so i have to say this is a well worth game to try out."
,Recommended,215280,9753711,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Vyner,Unique and awesome. I regret nothing.
,Recommended,215280,9776161,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ali Chahrour,"Man, this game is fantastic, and I don't typically enjoy MMO's that often because I find it difficult to find people to play them with. TSW Doesn't force you into parties to complete quests, and the type of missions and stories are really interesting, though some sub-stories are sort of dull. I really love the investigation missions, too. It adds variety to the game, and the fact that they installed an in-game browser to help you research on the investigations is so cool. There are some negative aspects to the game, such as bugged missions, but can be easily solved. Also, some missions are a track and grab, and if there are a lot of people doing the same mission you'l; have to wait a while for the item to re-spawn in order to collect. I've only partied up a couple times, but if there were more people playing the game now, it would be much easier to do missions with others.9/10, beautiful game."
,Recommended,215280,11025450,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,joepublic75,"More then just running around fighting monsters and bosses and solving 1 dimensional puzzles. You get monster hordes and group takedown monsters and multi- dimensional puzzles to tickle the expertise of lovers of history, music, books and so much more..."
76561197999174118,Recommended,215280,11072634,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,EchoNight,Love the game event whit all the grafics problems but the storry line is the best i have seen and it keep me coming
,Recommended,215280,2917570,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Dovahkiin,"This game so far is good but i would recommend to play with friends/other people if you dont be prepare to die a lot. If you want to play join in the lythbrain (Spelled it wrong, its a RP sever) and send me a message through steam to find you"
,Recommended,215280,6581565,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,Aethemis,"¡Un juegazo para los aficionados a la Fantasia Urbana! Eso si, de mmorpg tipico no tiene un pelo, asi que si es lo que buscas no mires aqui."
,Recommended,215280,11240769,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Soda Spider,"Great game, Actually have to think on the investigation missions, and the ability to make any class is great"
,Recommended,215280,11985466,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Skullworth_Bojangles,"Has infinite potential in that the launcher will continue to download patches that don't even exist yet, filling your harddrive with extra gigabytes of space-time as the progress bar scrolls indefinitely to the right, presumably in an attempt to escape from your screen into reality."
,Recommended,215280,11845918,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,PapaBarnacle,"I absolutly adore this game, the lore and storys for the world are just amazing; the leveling does take a bit to get used to but once you've got that down the game play is smooth.I could rant for hours about how customizable this game is but to save on time Ill just say there is alot.Overall this game is great; it does have its issues as all games do but if your able to adapt and work past them this is one game that will retain your attention for days at a time."
,Recommended,215280,11917224,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,CupOfTea,Recommend!
76561198036430928,Recommended,215280,11940170,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TheRealAdam,"Easy to learn, very VERY difficult to master, this MMO is easily one that will devour many many hours."
76561198060222198,Recommended,215280,11941462,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,foxhartng,"so far the best if the only real modern mmorpg out there. though before it will get my praise, it will feel my wrath. this is a decent game and if your looking for a mmo to join up with some close friends in order to go stomp on some legendary and bad♥♥♥♥♥monsters this is your game. ive had many a vodka fueled night with a friend or two with this game and i have to say they were probably the best times we've had with an mmo.cons--it's grind is as bad if not worse than world of warcraft since i often feel it is much more drawn out.-the Slow sections are SLOW!!!-the skills can be changed out with one another and you wouldn't know the difference. save aoe vs direct attacks.-the puzzles can be somewhat challenging (not a con for me but for some i guess i can see the point.)-Makes the mistake of allowing you to master all the skills, which can be nice. But i feel that this kind of takes away from having specializations.-Free to play, but if you want the ""AWESOME"" stuff you best be ready to buy some funcom points and be a member.- vast space with no real fast travel or vehicle use so the game turns into a giant walking sim pretty quick-monsters respawn FAST so as you run from point A to points B and C you'll find the same jerks you killed are all back as you return to A in order to complete your quest.pros--WENT FREE TO PLAY (subscriptions suck)-MMORPG in a Modern setting with famous folk lore, Monster lore, Pop culture, and Religious stories creating a decent plot-fighting monsters is gratifying, especially boss fights.-Customization is vast even after you create your character-wide variety of weapons and fighting styles-actually has you think to solve a puzzle.overall you can have fun with this game. Which is the quid esssential cornerstone of any game. i play it here and there still myself ."
76561197994278512,Recommended,215280,12135086,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Smibbo,"This is a different kind of MMO. Mostly. Its horror based and that's new (to me). Its story is on strict rails (you don't even get to say anything. ever) They really did a great job on the atmosphere. There's three types of missions to do so something for every type.  Its a lot of fun in many ways. In general ways.the problems:Character balance - much like MMOs of old, not every type of character is going to be soloable. Some areas are just going to be naturally harder for some characters than others.  But for those of us who like to play support, this is expected. When I make a healer or controller, I don't expect to be blazing through all missions alone. Likewise I'd hope that my healing ability will be welcome in a dungeon run. The problem is that nearly every main mission ends in a solo instance. This has gotten beyond annoying and into the whole frustrating ""WHY DID YOU DO THIS!"" realm. Its a serious double-bind. You make dungeons and have times when support characters is a great thing, but in order to progress throught he game, we NEED to be able to solo at the end of every mission. that's a big WTFStoryline variety - there isn't much. The difference between the Templar's storyline and the Illuminati storyline is in the details which is to say that the missions are ALL THE SAME. SO I'm running around int he same areas my ""rivals"" are. Which means I've already gotten used to grouping with them quite frequently. Yet...Guilds/Cabals - no cross-faction guilds/cabals are allowed. Again, that's a big WTF. If I'm not allowed to guild with anyone but my faction, WHY did you create a game where we all basically do the same things?Investigation missions - They really went overboard trying to make this ARG0-style. WAY overboard. Having to use the web (there's a browser in-game for your convenience) for every single clue of every single investigative mission is beyond frustrating and into the realm of stupid - there is no sense of accomplishment when the puzzles are so hard I have no prayer of figuring them out by myself in under an hour. IN fact, the basic rule of thumb should be about twenty minutes; if I spend more than twenty minutes trying to just figure out a CLUE in a mission, I'm going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't get on the game to do homework I get on to PLAY. After 20-30minutes I""m sick of the whole thing and just want to smash faces in. Clues in dead languages? Really? A snatch of a song from the 1800s? Really? Come on, guys, you don't have to make the clues impossible, just challenging and not all of us enjoy trying to figure out puzzles that have six steps (tiers) and each one is not only an obscure clue referring to some obscure arcane item of the past but then I have to figure out how to apply said answer to the game itself. Again, WTF.Crafting - most boring and mindless pointless craft system ever. I guess some people will be glad there's no harvesting but some of us like harvesting - its like gettig loot just for exploring! nope, no harvesting, just drops off of mobs. and its a total crap shoot what your drops will be.  Then the system is that  there are materials for each type of gear and only with glyphs can you amp them up at all beyond what drops. In fact crafted stuff often is exactly like drops. SO what's the appeal? Just something to do with all that trash you loot I guess. Glyphs is an okay upgrade system but its extremely limited. You choose one or two offense OR defense things to boost and that's it. That's all you get. I make a lot of glyphs for my friends (especially since we found you could put any level glyph on your gear) and mostly its hit/crit for them, heal for me. Woo hoo. I feel so crafty.The environment is awesome - truly creepy and extra kudoes for the Amusement Park effects on Solomon Island. Oh that's another thing - ENOUGH with the fog on the island. Its atmospheric at first, then its annoying and by the third zone of nothing but goddamned fog everywhere I'm ready to choke a kitten for some freakin unclouded light.The mobs are great, well rendered, some scary as heck and some just gross but not one seems campy or silly (well okay, every time we fight one of the giant lobster-creatures on of my groupmates says ""ME MONEY!"" and I crack up every time) The terrain is alright - unique and easy to navigate. I love the focus on the Native Americans, the cast is diverse and tastefully done.What will probably do it for a lot of people is that it has a lot of great horror references. The first two zones are essentially Lovecraft-land.Overall, its a fun game but the bad things get more and more annoying as they are essential to the game; I'd like to be able to TALK as a character once in a while or at least through text! Doesn't have to be voice you know? I'd also like that IF I have to do these extra-hard instances at the end of every mission, allow me to bring at least one person with me! OTherwise, scale them down for non-DPS/Tankers. I'd REALLY like to see more puzzles that are solvable in less than an hour. Its really starting to feel like the developers are trying to come up with puzzles that are literally impossible like you'd have to read their minds to know what the answer is. That's not fun, that's just obnoxious."
76561198040163102,Recommended,215280,4638283,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Murderlin,Buy this amazing game!
76561197984828110,Recommended,215280,1030493,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Snake Plissken,"Tous les mythes, toutes les légendes urbaines, tous les complots, tout est vrai.The secret world est un MMORPG qui prend place dans un monde contemporain et qui se distingue par la liberté totale de progression de son personnage : ni classe, ni niveaux, vous incarnez ce que vous désirez.Trois sociétés secrètes s'affrontent pour la domination du monde : les Templiers, les Illuminati, le Dragon.S'il n'y a ni niveau, ni classes, chacun pourra faire son choix parmi des centaines d'armes et de pouvoirs originaux. Vous pourrez créer un archétype de personnage grâce à la combinaison de pouvoir précis et devenir ainsi Ninja, Pistolero, bourreau, Garde du corps, Mage, Neochaman, Illusionniste, Pandémoniste, Soldat, et peut-être autre chose encore... Il sera également possible de progresser en grade au sein de sa société secrète et de débloquer ainsi armes, pouvoirs et uniformes.All myths, all urban legends, all the plots, all true.The Secret World is a MMORPG that takes place in a contemporary world and is characterized by complete freedom of progression of his character or class or level, you play what you want.Three secret societies battle for world domination: the Templars, the Illuminati, the Dragon.If there is no level or class, everyone can make their choice from hundreds of weapons and original credentials. You can create an archetypal character through the combination of specific power and become Ninja, Pistolero, executioner, Bodyguard, Mage, Neochaman, Illusionist, Pandémoniste Soldier, and maybe something else ... It will also be possible to progress in rank within their secret society and thus unlock weapons, powers and uniforms."
,Recommended,215280,2670083,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,RumpleForeskin,"Very refreshing setting & style, some really amazing & challenging missions some not for the faint of heart. The game doesn't hand you anything on a platter so intend to work for it. Worth the $20/$30 now that the game has no subscription, it still updates with frequnt patches. New content mostly to be delivered by DLC much like DC universe with the pricing to be $5-$10. The first DLC (free) is by far one of the best quest lines i've ever gone through in any game be it MMO or single player ever.Not worth missing!"
,Recommended,215280,4410278,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Pagemaster,AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,215280,881651,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Marionisis,"To be honest, the combat is ok, and the crafting system is something out of minecraft. But story is the key, and the fact that this game wants you to use your brain, rather then go here, kill x, i find not only brilliant, but refreshing."
76561198019930351,Recommended,215280,12122483,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,teeOrik,Two words... ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,215280,12196486,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gabriel,worth every penny!
,Recommended,215280,12214398,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Prometheus,"Can be played in a way so completely contrary to standard MMOs it's surprising. More Mystery/Puzzle based than normal, while still allowing you to jump into a grind if that's what you like."
76561197994952407,Recommended,215280,12217766,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Thegodhand,"If you are looking for something different from an MMO and love a more dark setting than is offered by most MMOs, you will find alot to enjoy with The Secret World.  It takes some time to learn the mechanics and even longer to master them.  However, the level of depth the system offers will make your efforts worth it."
,Recommended,215280,10110666,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,tyber nexus,"One of the few MMOs with an amusing PvP.  I have a hard time playing this anymore though.  I'd say give it a try because it is not your ""run of the mill"" MMO"
76561198057223013,Recommended,215280,10111669,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,-BKB-Teun,"I picked this game up when it went from subscription-based to buy-once-play-forever... And as of right now I am really digging it. Although the graphics are definitely not next-gen, the immersive story and interesting setting is highly intriguing. Working for a secret society... digging up secrets one bit of information at a time... it all leads to one highly entertaining mmorpg experience. Highly reccommended, if you like MMOs such as Guild Wars this should be right up your dark abandoned alleyway."
,Recommended,215280,10114679,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,CouthInk4,"I never play MMO's/surival and fantasy games because i find them boring.However a friend of mine showed me this and i thought it was going to be like all the rest.. i was wrong, this is one of the best games i have playd, it's fun, unique and different from the rest.definitly pick up a copy and start playing it, you won't regret it. however it maybe fun playing on your own.. but playing with a friend or a group is a lot more fun"
76561198008460553,Recommended,215280,2506977,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,AugieDoge,Do you like H.P. Lovecraft's material? Do you like the Occult? Do you like myths? Legends? Secret Societies? MMORPGS? Well look no further!
,Recommended,215280,10107250,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,J.A.R.R.E.L.L.O,Shhh... It's a secret!
76561197967824914,Recommended,215280,292880,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Hallowed Trousers,PLAY IT
76561198006634740,Recommended,215280,2386072,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Skelly,one of the best mmo's i'v ever played.
,Recommended,215280,9823648,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,-M4st3r Kr3w-,"Its a decent mmo, not really hack n slash nothing dies quickly unless your stronger. The skill system is definetly unique, quns swords hammers magic stuff. worth the one time buy."
,Recommended,215280,601059,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Dixie_Flatline,"The combat is a little more slow paced, but the game offers the most unique experience I've yet found in any game (mmo or otherwise).  If you're excited by the prospect of cracking codes, solving puzzles that require real world knowledge, or accessing company websites to obtain information (using your web browser- these are real websites), then you should get this game."
,Recommended,215280,9752532,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Lyre,"Super Fun, at least when I play with my friends.  It's a solid MMO with an interesting combat system.Definitely worth it."
76561197966932725,Recommended,215280,9601978,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Al_CaPWNED,"It's spring break in hpLOVEcraftian inspired sexual romp.  Or at least that's what it seems like with the way every female character is dressed like a horny soriority chick.  Either way, the moment you log in type /dance_sprinkler"
76561198043956488,Recommended,215280,9619663,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,PenguinTech™,"This is a rewarding game by most standards in my opinionHonestly, steam's handling of the game isn't all that good. It played once and I couldn't play it again until I switched to the Mainsite's download.As for the game play, I'd highly recommend it. I""ve played many MMORPG games myself and without a doubt, this one has the best challenge I've found in a while. The quest system keeps me personally very on track as well. I tend to often get badly sidetracked, but since you can only have around 6 quests, it keeps me in check.Quests are less of ""Kill X and bring back X"" and are more often ""Find this and fetch that while at the same time making it a kill misson when you have to fend yourself against the 5 guys hanging out around a cold-pack. The world is also big and encourages exploration. I played for 6 hours and still haven't gotten to all the mini-quests I wanted to do.The combat is very hotkey oriented and while it still works, it's good to keep in mind for the first character that you will absolutely HAVE to look at a deck to follow until you actually get the system. The game is also VERY unforgiving. There's no warning until you hear some angry something behind you and you die. I could say that I would want that fixed, but at the same time, it's something that makes me feel like I""m actually exploring."
,Recommended,215280,9629428,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Bagbo Billins,This game has so many layers
76561197984484235,Recommended,215280,9369507,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,PumpChump,"Well first I'll start with something positive. If you have an issue in The Secret World the GM/Support system is pretty responsive and very helpful and the GM's are very kind and helpful even if your issue is a bit weird.That being said I will say I love the story behind the game but i find some parts of the game difficult and a bit frustrating especially if you cant find parties to do quests or dungeons with. They have a que system for dungeons where you wait until the party needed to do the dungeon is assembled and then you start however that can take hours and hours sometimes never happening in the short time I have to play.  So perhaps TSW should have an option to do dungeons solo with less loot? mobs?I find some mobs way over powered in the areas they are in and way too dense.It seems when you start to fight one many more are drawn to you in the process and you die allot...almost always. I think they need to space the mobs out a bit or make it possible skill wise to pull mobs from the herd  without attracting 10 of them.Quest are hard most all of them and yes TSW says they are hard when you select them but they are solo most of them and a bit too hard for solo.Weapon degregation is a bit crazy and really penalizes you every time you die your gear takes a huge hit down to eventually 20% which means your useless. You have to stop playing and find a vendor to repair at.I wish the pvp were more intuaive it's not easy to figure out how it works unless your read through wads of info.There's lots of information in the game but sometimes too much is not a good thing either. Puzzles are fun and some are real hard to figure out which is great for puzzle lovers.Movement is a bit goofy I feel like I'm crawling during combat the mobs just keep hitting you with movement impair until you almost stand still with all to do but die. I think that needs some tweaking. I think pots have too long of a cooldown and health potions don't do enough that needs work as well.The lore is awesome but there again you better like reading volumes and volumes of stuff  lol. For us old guys I recommend making the Lore dialog larger in the options so you can see the really small type.Combat actions are not real great in TSW  IMO, hard to control character movement while trying to activate the key combos for your attack at the same time it's like you ahould have 3-4 arms instead of 2. I don't know and haven't tried a gamepad yet to see it it might be better for combat.I think its a great idea that TSW went subsription free though.All in all TSW can be fun but easily gets to the point of frustration for me anyhow which makes me go log into something else for awhile. It is worth the money though."
76561197992121541,Recommended,215280,9372872,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Commandante,"Put Stephen king's,Lovecraft's and Clive Barker's works in the same pot and mix it with some old school horror movie scenes.You'll get The Secret World."
,Recommended,215280,9377450,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,trink,I just installed this game last night and haven't really been off it since. It's funny and addictive. too bad a person haves to work...psh work getting in the way of my stupid game addictions...Not like most MMOs it's far more entertaing. Not the same quests repeated in different locations .The only thing that saddens me is that I see people running out in cool outfits and I searched EVERYWHERE in my city of orgin and finally realised you can only buy clothes (not pvp) in london and they cost far too much. It'll be a lot longer yet until I can buy clothing.
76561198065406641,Recommended,215280,21368065,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Jettbaby,Fun game.
76561198051790693,Recommended,215280,21409864,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Neroh,"10/10. Very unique MMO, buy now you won't be disappointed m8."
76561197970964299,Not Recommended,215280,18283085,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Magick Mak,"I was pretty excited about this game but I'm a little disappointed at the lack of UI scaling options.  Quite painful at 4k and even not ideal at other resolutions.  If they added support for UI scaling/movement then I'd probably consider playing it again.It is still very original gameplay with a great plot/setting.  It's darker and more mature then other online games which is refreshing.  The quests were also much more interesting the the typical MMO ""FedEx"" quests.  I also enjoy the fast paced combat.Just bummed about the UI as I feel it's something that every MMORPG should have nailed down."
76561198092603802,Recommended,215280,21483671,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,RadGad Omen,The game is a fun and rewarding experience as long as you're willing to invest time into learning how the combat works.
,Recommended,215280,1601969,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Tali,Great story Great combat exellent Voice work all around briliant buy and play mmo highly recomended its also Casual friendly.
76561198001884138,Recommended,215280,2076259,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Arafenix,"A different way to play MMORP,this is a very interesting  game:no level,no non sense mission,no mad farming or frustrating crafting,is based more in investigation than other...and this is for some player a good point,for other is not!Anyway I suggest to try it and to have your own opinion.I do not think you'll be so disappointed by this great game!!!"
,Recommended,215280,460070,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Oziman,"One of the best MMO's ever made, under rated and exceptionally good. a Steal at £24.99 with no monthly fees... Sure GW2 is the new WoW.. and there is WoW. TSW is an adult game, its for adults.. kids get to stay away and play the fairytales with little dollys and christmas presents. Open a present in TSW ands its likely to rip your face off. If you liked L4D, get this.. if you didn't and you wanted your Zombie killing in a more thoughtful setting get this. If you liked old skool horror, get this."
76561198086875749,Recommended,215280,17000527,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Sigoreofwar(obcs),fun game
,Recommended,215280,17036189,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Dr Fumbles,"One of the best MMO's I've ever played.Which is high praise, considering I've played (almost) everything on both sides of the world (NA & Asia), over the past 20+ years.Definitely the finest quality quests you'll find in any MMO. Fun & engaging combat and with the new updates coming with Issue 12...phew! gonna be awesome =)If you want to check the game out, ask me for a buddy key!, gets you 72hrs free to check the game out and 50% off the price of the game if you want to buy it after that (like 15 bucks I think).Cheers."
,Recommended,215280,17053747,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Paulo,"I can recall the first time I saw this game on the Steam page. The name of the game and the picture was intriguing to say the least. Iinitially thought that it was like all the mmo's out there with nothing to set it aside. I was surprised once I did start playing it because it is indeed unique from other mmo's out there. There are so many different things to try out once you play. You get three different factions that you choose from. The Illuminati, Templars, and Dragon are the three. Once you choose one of them you are brought to the character creation screen. The options for customisation aren't huge but enough that you can flesh out your avatar to your liking. The fact that you can purchase clothes and other things in the game makes up for the lack of extra customisation. After all of that you are shown the begininning of your journey in a beautiful cinematic introduction. Just sit back and watch it. All three factions have their own intro so try all three to see the difference for yourself. Once you gain control of your avatar you can start playing the game and fear not...you will not be left in the dark if it is your first time playing. You have helpful hints pop up on the side of the screen that are non intrusive and guide you along the way until you feel comfortable enough to go it alone. The community of players in the game are also a vibrant bunch. So many people that are willing to stop what they are doing in order to answer a question you may have. You might get the rare player that says nothing back but mostly you get a response. The players who have been on the game longer and have more experience are always willing to help you out. I know this from personal experience and from word of mouth. The game also features a cabal system which is another term for guild. You can join one of many guilds within the game and start building friendships with your fellow guildies. There is way too much for me to cover in here but I would definately give this game a 4 out of 5 stars. I would give it 5 stars if there were more realms to play on and if the DX 11 version of the graphics were properly fixed. Other than those everything else is perfect to me. Give it a try and definately bring a friend because it will be that much sweeter!"
,Recommended,215280,20633347,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Vox,"Story and NPC interraction is pretty neat.-Controls are a bit clunky.Faction based.Your standard MMO, really."
76561198081193594,Recommended,215280,20317104,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,GentleEel,"Absolutely a must for someone seeking an nice MMO, combinding horror and mmo in such a amazing way. basicly WoW for horror fans. Don't have anyone to play with? Well dont fret sure it might be hard to find people to do dungeons with but you could do ""Missons"" Instead which I have lots of fun with. Very addicting game. great buy on sale or not."
76561197973672122,Recommended,215280,632384,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Legacy,"The gameplay can be a bit basic, but the game's story is amoung the most engaging I've seen, in any format.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,215280,20308180,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ib2loud,Very fun game and good story.
76561198055667621,Recommended,215280,20613655,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Vigilant Shadow,"Tl;dr: my hour count on this game is as of six months ago, when Steam decided to stop counting the patcher and the game as one program and thus stopped logging my hours. So, that's how I feel about this game.Pros of the game:1. Genuine moments of horror. There's missions that people laughingly state they will never replay, not because they didn't enjoy them, but because they scared them too much.2. Beautiful ambience (if you can play with headphones and without the music on, I'd recommend it, because the game has some of the loveliest background noises I've ever seen and it really enhances the game. From the distant sounds of the wailing damned to the ominous whispers of blood magic, it's all 10/10 guarenteed to creep you out).3. One of the friendliest online communities I've ever seen (aside from a few jerks). Even if you don't have a cabal (guild), you can ask the custom chat channels like sanctuary and noobmares for help and, as long as you're willing to accept advice, they're always willing to give it.4. Deep lore. Seriously, this is a game that was originally launched with an ARG (alternate reality game). There is a complex mythos behind every zone, and in many cases it's connected.5. Something for everyone. Do you want to kill zombies? Got it. Play Indiana Jones (but with more mummies)? Got it. Psychological horror? Got it. Feel bad about playing the tutorial a few hundred hours into the game? Got it!6. Interesting missions. There's your standard kill quests, but also puzzle and stealth quests that require you to brush up on a rather esoteric skill set. If you're really having trouble you can look up a guide, but you can also learn morse code and research translations from Arabic, Latin, Romanian and more.7. The skill system. This is both a pro and, for some people, a con. Rather than having levels and locked classes, you can unlock every single ability on every character. Most people eventually learn how to do every dungeon role, unless they really dislike one. This means that you really get to play around with skills, and also that no ability point is ever wasted. However, it also means that the game expects you to be able to build your deck to suit the situation, so if you're not willing to tinker this can get distracting. The tutorials in game aren't super (though they've improved), but there's a lot of intense theorycrafting online.Cons:1. The game has some bugs. Some are amusing, such as the fact that you can stack the /smile emote to become an eldritch horror. Some are less so, such as a necessary mission item not being usable. Thankfully, GMs tend to respond quickly, but sometimes it can get frustrating.2. Up until about a year ago, content updates were slow. This has improved lately, with missions being released on a fast timetable, but be aware that there will sometimes be lulls in content. There's lots and lots to do, and this is also a non-subscription game, so this isn't really something that should be a deal breaker, but it is something to note.3. Confusing optimization. My computer, by all rights, should not run this game. But it does so with few hiccups. Higher end rigs sometimes cannot run this, though usually PCs (rather than laptops) are exempt from this. The optimization is not super, so make sure to keep an eye on ping and lag when you start so that, if you CANT run it, you'll have time to return it.4. Lackluster tutorials. This is somewhat mitigated by the friendliness of the community and the online resources, but the tutorials aren't the best. Optimal stats and weapon synergy aren't really explained, and there are a couple spots where the game goes from allowing a lot of messing about to expecting you to have your build together quickly.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this game if you're into complex lore, challenging missions, a weapons system that requires flexibility, and a small but friendly community. If you do play the game, I'd recommend going tocurse.comfor mods andtswdb.comfor tutorials, walkthroughs, and builds."
,Recommended,215280,20819513,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Red Player {HellRaiser},If your a horror fan who likes mmo's with a great story and gaemplay... get this and you wont regret it
,Recommended,215280,7693485,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Noctaris,"Update of my evaluation little before 4th birthday of my purchase.Well, even if I took some long break between sessions, I'm always up for it.And here's why...In 99% of MMO's, usual quests sound like: ""Go kill 20 rabbits and bring their ears as proof"". And of course only 50% of the rabbits have ears! At a point, I remember I didn't even read the quest anymore, just eying on my map to see the nearest objectives...Well that's finally over! A REAL scenario, cinematic quest introductions,multi-role characters never doing the same twice unless I wanted to... This game has all I could ask for. Adding the fact that it's now free from monthly subscription, I can't find a shade on it.--- Ah! most of all, quests are hard. Really hard. What's my point? A real noob filter cleaning the community from all those parasites you wished soooo many times to eviscerate on other MMO titles. ---Yeah well, I know it sounds rude but common, ""The quests are stupidly hard *whinnes*""... What the hell are you doing on that game??? This is maybe the FIRST thing people who played it are talking about. Quests. So Funcom went for the most crazy bet by implementing real deep research throu the game? I hail and kneel to you, guys. No joke.Other usuall BS is regarding solo instances: ""I can't go in with mah buddy, what kind of MMO is that???""Well, go play COD? Or maybe reroll Horde on WOW and grind Warsong?The point of those quest is pretty clear, you're not good enough? Come back later when you will be. But until then, no access to the next map! Genius.I will quickly here compare TSW to WOW... I played WOW for years. And it turned casual. On its gameplay. Wasn't good enough to drop Arthas? No prob, wait the next add-on and go back on with 10 or 20 more levels! What there is to be proud about?So again, last words: You want something difficult, noob-free and rewarding?Grab it! Full price or not, it deserves it."
,Recommended,215280,20773474,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Real Cake,"After putting a fair amount of time into this game, I think I might be able to show others a fair picture of what to expect when you buy. As a preface, I am not really what you would call an ""MMO person"", in that I have only really played 2 in my life (SWTOR, this) so it might be that my insight into that particular field is lacking. That being said, here you go.1) While I have seen many say that the dialogue or cutscenes were/was ""cheesy"" or ""forced"", I couldn't disagree more. The story is a big part of why I play, and while certainly there are some moments of stupid humour or other such nonsense, I really got into the stories that were presented to me.The thing is, you HAVE to dig for the secrets (hence, The Secret World). Being the game that it is, it is an absolute must. It will not be presented to you in the main story like most games. You'll get the gist, sure, but it just doesn't feel complete. Finding the pieces of Lore and doing side missions are paramount to your understanding and involvement with the in-game world.Here's the kicker: you will most likely WANT to do all of the above. If the description of the game got you interested, I don't have much doubt that you would enjoy digging up info and solving mysteries WHILE killing lovecraftian monstrosities. It really is satisfying.2) I have to admit, I was frustrated with the character custimization for a bit. I am very much used to D&D ""class dictates everything"" rules, so having a game where you can, at any time, completely switch all of your abilities on the fly REALLY threw me. I like having restraints. Telling a noob like myself to just ""have at it, champ!"" without much help or guidance besides ""just pick whatever two weapons you like and go with it"" was annoying.However, I shortly got over it and began to appreciate the ever-flexible nature of the editor (though I rarely change much) and saw, in other players, the potential of it. You can use any combination of passive/active abilities from ANY weapon tree, which is just great. It feels like something you grow into, I guess.In SWTOR, I was straight DPS (I'm ALWAYS straight DPS), and the classes are pretty restrictive. Now you're telling me I can DPS during a wave of enemies in a lair, then SWITCH TO A HEAL BUILD BY PUSHING A BUTTON, and protect my group? Dude. Prayers answered.3) I knew there would be ""Kill waves of enemies"" side missions. That is a given for every RPG ever (almost). So, when I discovered the stealth missions (which some are actually very hard), I was delighted. Finally, something to break the monotony of killing! Oh what fun I had, dodging camera drones and guards, sticking to the shadows like an alley-cat with a mouse in pouncing range!It was then, that I discovered what made this game for me.THE INVESTIGATION SIDE MISSIONS WOWI realize these won't be for everyone, but THIS is where the ARG aspect of the game really comes into play. You will find yourself doing things like digging through websites, trying to find a scrap of info that could lead you figuring out a password, looking on amazon for an ISBN number to the hardcover edition of a book that you've never heard of, all the way to breaking ciphers (I play The Black Watchmen, so I have some basic code-breaking knowledge), deciphering transmissions in morse code, and so much more.The holy grail is a mission entitled ""Immersion"". It has you play a series of freaking text-adventure games, where the ending of each clues you in to the location of the next game in the mission which is hidden in a completely different in-game region.""What's so cool about text adventures?"", you might ask.WELL I'LL TELL YOU.While these are just short story TA's, they require a very good amount of trial and error unless you can somewhow guess the correct input (at one point, you literally have to type ""use bees"" I mean WTF), you are dead, just like the old days!It is called ""Immersion"" for a reason. You will be balls-deep in a game-within-a-game, trying to find where the two intersect. It really is a blast, unless you just hate fun.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I realize this is a long review, and I'm sorry for any typos in it. If you need me to elaborate on any points, feel free to let me know. TL;DR If you like ARG's, lore-heavy MMO's, or just solving puzzles, give this game a try. No subscription required!"
,Recommended,215280,20811228,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Utherix,"This game is great to play with a friend, try to solve puzzles together and♥♥♥♥♥♥around in this interesting universe. I wouldn't recommend playing it solo though."
,Recommended,215280,20805693,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,<ƶᴑ◯̄ᴑɱōℜα¡[==◦,9/10
76561198262577952,Recommended,215280,20511935,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,^3 ~ Mr.Jackson,"Game is great and its worth to buy it for max 30 euros,i bought the ultimate edition and i would say that that one should be max 40 euros not 70 evenly if there are so many dlc'si would compare the game to guild wars 2 with another look lay out and story line,character movement isnt trhat much graphed sometimes i can run while my character is actually standing still,i would prefer this game to really mmo players its worth your moneyp.s. who doesnt want WoW or GW2 on steam and play =) we evenly have mounts in the game xD"
,Recommended,215280,20570499,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Lady Dem,Love this  game . An adult warcraft mixed with Nocturne nice nice.
,Recommended,215280,20568007,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JavierTMT \//\,Great MMO My favorite part of the whole MMO is that it doesnt have classes. So you can go through the game and unlock everything you dont have to sit there like healer whole game then switch account or chracters for a tank. Also the Quest are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and thought provoking even in the starter area of kingsmouth.9.5/10
76561198072332933,Recommended,215280,20532340,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,AlucardRai,"great game, be careful not for a young audience who lack patience,have only been playing for a day, it is like a huge mmorpg puzzle game, a bit cinfusing at first fyi"
,Recommended,215280,20529423,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SwitchBL8,"Just started playing TSW, bought it in the sale (10,19 euro).Pro:+ Refreshing environment (not another fantasy world, like we've seen many times before)+ No predefined classes, so play how you want+ Nice sounds/sound effects+ (For now) nice story, good voice acting. Weird story though.+ No subscription needed!Con:- The charactermodels look terrible- A ""hard"" quest really doesn't seem so hard. At least for now (didn't play very much yet)- Assigning Ability Points not so trivial- Aggro range of some mobs is way out of proportion (so prepare to use the X key)After playing WoW, Rift, GW2, AION and the like, I needed something different. TSW is different. In a good way. But it takes getting used to. Where the others are just like a new glove made of a different fabric, TSW is more like a hand augmentation."
,Recommended,215280,20529177,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,druidmoss,"This is one of the most engaging MMO's i ever played! So many ways to play and develop your character. If you like conspiracy theories - you will love the main story line and your role in it. Some aspects of the game are hard to do solo - but i have met plenty of good peoples who went out of their way to help me develop my toon - the community is amazing, always lots of fun!"
,Recommended,215280,20516445,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Herr Baron Von Blue,My only complaint so far is that he controls are awkward as hell
76561197975177853,Not Recommended,215280,20522656,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,varmisciousknid,"Steam really needs a neutral option.To start off, I am not a fan of MMOs, i have been looking for one that i thought i would like and thought that this would be it. The premise of the game is perfect for me, and ever since i saw the first two preview videos, i was excited to play this game. At the time i was poor and busy so i couldn't justify playing a pay to play game, but years later it stopped being pay for play and i was excited to get it. before this i had only played two MMOs and really didn't like the mechanics, auto-attack with an occational power use. The same type of mechanics the secret world uses. The controls for the game are also really bad, it is the first game i have played where you mostly use the keyboard and sometimes use the mouse.I like horror games in general because they are immersive, this game kicks you out of the story every chance it gets, and because it is an MMO and there are a bunch of people running around being annoying, it is basically impossible to get immersed in the first place.If this was the game that was promised in the preview videos, it would probably be one of my favorite games, but this game is just world of horrorcraft with worse controls."
76561197988734951,Recommended,215280,20520139,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,IP TS 83.253.186.168 RIP Farran,"Its a great and fun mmo, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,215280,802931,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,rabidLEMAR,Fun mmo that doesn't have monthly fees
,Recommended,215280,7696574,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Iza,"A breath of fresh air in the MMORPG world, with a great story and interesting side quests."
76561198044337215,Recommended,215280,8759466,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,AJSA Magicgrass,Oh My Dear Sweet Baby Jesus i Love This game !!!
76561198007666908,Recommended,215280,8759567,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Potato Polski PC,"Don't even think about buying it. You will call in sick at work or school because you're simply too addicted, your social life will disappear and so will all track of time.Slicing, shooting, burning, smashing, stabbing mythological creatures have never been more satisfying in a MMORPG which has gorgoues graphics and interesting quests. WoW, Tera, SWOTR all of you, go home and learn your lesson."
76561198044428568,Recommended,215280,8444642,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Warp,"Yes! but with caution!Great game in terms of story. The gameplay is pretty standard in a sense but it does have some interesting features and building up energy to use skills as opposed to the standard ""mana bar"". A very good change if you want a break from the high fantasy or Scifi mmos.However, make sure your system can run this game. My computer can run the game on the minimum specs and it has problems so make sure you have a very strong computer before purcahsing. I can run mmos such as Guild Wars 2, any free to play mmo, Diablo 3, etc... just fine but this game really pushes my computer to it's limits.Some parts can be frustrating such as the stealth missions but they add a new flavor to the game which most mmos don't tap into."
,Recommended,215280,8471982,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Endguy,A great MMO with a strong focus on story. No classes or levels makes for a really unique system.
76561197970544430,Recommended,215280,8472104,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Several Concerned Cricketers,"The Thinking Man's MMO.Picked it up in the Xmas 2013 sales and have been enjoying it ever since. Whilst there's still plenty of 'go there, kill that' type quests the investigation, and to a lesser degree, story missions provide a welcome change of pace from the usual MMO fare.A word of advice before diving in - take the time to read up about the levelling and combat systems. They're not complicated as such, but it's very easy to waste skill/action points early on if you haven't grasped (as I didn't) how cleverly the various trees complement each other and where the key synergies lie.Overall, I expect TSW to keep me busy until Wildstar comes along next year and maybe beyond, the hour I spent using the in-game browser translating latin clues into a runic alphabet was one of my best gaming moments of 2013, even if it wasn't the most action packed..."
,Recommended,215280,8494788,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,rjskinnaindahizzy,"A very innovative game that brings new thoughts to the industry about what an ""MMO"" can be. Challenging and free-flowing action that everyone can enjoy."
76561198007107639,Recommended,215280,7529027,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,dacendale,"This is a very well done game. The fact that it's not subscription is a bonus, and the item store is very respective. It's not one of those games you must constantly plug quarters into the item store to advance your character."
76561198013911400,Recommended,215280,8496716,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,xওe$eŠφόό₭ῨḶ◌ćo,VERY FUN
76561198069831744,Recommended,215280,8480132,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Larconsier,Very fun and addicting. Worth it. Fully customizeable character. I can play how I want to play instead of pidgeon holing my character.
,Recommended,215280,366530,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Realapollo,"The only MMO's I have really got into are everquest 2, eve online and guild wars.  But personally for me this is better than those games.  Kickass modern supernatural horror setting with modern weapons and deep quests which actually tax your brain.  Plenty of content to keep you busy."
,Recommended,215280,8802767,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mornblade,"As a junkie for conspiracy theory and urban fantasy, I've been waiting for this MMO a long time. The initial release was buggy, but after almost 2 years in operation, the game runs just fine. There is plenty of depth here, and PvP is lucrative, encouraging players developing characters to get into PvP early. There are two downsides here. First, the game requires some significant hardware to run properly, and second, the server propulations are currently low. In spite of the imperfections, I've been very happy with the current version of the game, and I plan on continuing to focus on playing this game. I recommend the game for those interested in the themes it covers, and also for those who love MMORPG's in general."
,Recommended,215280,4482122,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,MODERNDRU1D,Best mmo I have played by far. Story line is deep and mature. gameplay is simple yet addicting and detailed.
76561198050863830,Recommended,215280,5502722,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,rhinoguy27,"All those rumors, urban legends, folklore and such are true, and you've got to exploit that somehow.  With customizable superpowers.  And sometimes Gun-Fu.  And once bought, I don't pay monthly anything.  So YES, basically."
,Recommended,215280,5094671,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Muaz,"Strangely Addictive... 7/10More Details:GENRE: MMORPGcan it beat WOW?: nocombat: pooranimation: poorcharacter creation customization: poor ( I heard that you can customize your outfit once u get some game money and purchase them but honestly, I don't care how my character looks since the game is a lot of fun without worrying about how I look)voice acting: decentstory: great (debatable)setting: the real world with a blend of fantasyplayer base: very lowpvp: no comment, my location= very bad pvp lag so I don't play pvpdungeon: requires 3 players but sadly even that is a bit much to ask, have not experienced it yet.glitchtivity: medium  ""where did my weapon go?""asking price: $30 USD ( If this is a lot for you, don't get the game - wait until its on sale) Personally tho, I think its money well spentTIMEWASTE Level: Very highAddictive Level: High*If you thrive on combat, this is not the game for you. Exploration, Story and a nice setting, then this is the game for you :)*Lots of cheap scares that will make you jump slightly and laugh or go =_=*This is by no means marketing for funcom but a personal opinion and If you decide to get the game, then I can play with you^^ Right now its a lonely planet but still a fun game nonetheless :P"
76561198045767012,Recommended,215280,8682901,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Almighty Malachi,Much Yes. Very Wow. Conspiracy Theories and Mystical Geekism for all. Let me tell you about The True World.
76561198100912151,Recommended,215280,8704740,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Niyon,Really good!! modern day mmo!!
,Recommended,215280,8710295,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,DonkBot,Buy this sh*t.
76561198043143775,Recommended,215280,8697944,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,darknesswolf579,"I really recommend this game if you like to slowly build a character.Everything you know about the MMO world sort of gets tipped upside down with this one.  You don't need to look up builds on the internet, they have what they call Decks, which are builds that you can build towards that give you certain skills and even an outfit.  There is always something to build towards though, as you can just stay in the starter area and farm up points and can actually get every skill in the game.I like it as a game to just hang out in.  It is a great game to get friends into and work together with them towards the quests, which start off as ""Hard"" ranked.The no levels, freedom style is very nice, but makes it hard to know if you are going to get your butt handed to you or totally slaughter a mob.  Speaking of which, mobs come in two flavors, groups or singles.  Groups do less damage, but there are more individual mobs.  Singles are stronger hitters but there are only one of them.  Another thing to keep in mind is that it's a combat style that encourages you to be moving at all times, which can be hard sometimes to be moving, and using your abilities to take the mobs down, when there are mobs all around you.It does not work to try to just run through a lot of mobs between quests, which you pick up and complete pretty much on a one at a time basis.I like the game, but it can be a little frustrating to get into if you are used to other MMOs like WoW or Guild Wars 2, or their like."
,Recommended,215280,8700664,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Snootle,"Very, very fun game. The main story lines that you take part in throughout the games series of different areas are all very engaging and genuinely entertaining and enjoyable to play and discover more about. It also has an amazing atmosphere in some areas, especially the darker ones, along with the choice to seek out Lore in order to learn more about the zone you are roaming or its inhabitants. The combat feels very smooth and well designed, and despite seeming a bit overwhelming at first with all the choices you have when it comes to designing your personal character, once you figure things out and learn the basics it can be incredibly addictive eating up hours on end of your time."
,Recommended,215280,16611267,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Moon Prison Inmate Tug Robinson,"Kinda unpolished and unclear about things, it still has plenty of stuff to do.Just don't expect the game itself to explain anything very well."
,Recommended,215280,8747658,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Waruro,"It´s not bad, they changed a lot of things and now is a awesome experience to play with friends! ^^"
76561198009343662,Recommended,215280,16504315,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,22122 {C²},"Ehh...Kinda boring, tutorial is a bit confusing and apparently nobody speaks to each otherIt has microtransactions, but as far as i can tell its not p2wQuests are very MMO generic: go here kill 6 rats/zombies/werewolves/humans/cows etc bring back 6/12/28 hearts/boxes/cerealSometimes a bit laggy but that could be meGraphics are meh, didnt really pay that much attention to them. Its an MMO, you cant expect anything amazing anywayEvery class is the same, you either attack from a distance with a gun or magic or you hit people with something. You do get different named skills depending on what you choose but they are all basically the same attacks or buffs with a different coat of paintOverall probably fun later on and with a group of people but when you start out its very daunting and dull and I quickly found myself uninterested in the whole thing. I still recommend it if you have more patience than me"
,Recommended,215280,16631251,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Christina von Teese,"For me that's the discovery of the year and the game of the year. Maybe even of the decade, only time will show."
76561198032004034,Recommended,215280,16634567,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Hayzemet,"Okay, so Im fairly new to the game, but i have wanted to play this thing since it was teased, a long time ago. It is a very interesting game, but you need to know that you will need at leat 1 of thse following basic two traits of a common human being, googling and thinking. Yes this game requieres some level of thought because there are a lot of puzzles, which is great but i have seen people that really dislike it.Other than that with my noobishness all that i can say for now is the following:PROs- Great lore, enthrailng, mysterious, and above everything else absolutely immersive.-Great ""quest"" system, the best out there, really im not kidding, at least they have voice acting in every semi-mportant mission, thats a thing-Great ambience, the enemies are quite disturbing sometimes-It will get you hooked, somehow i know it-Innovative design of character progression, which is unrivaled yet, really ive seen people saying its a bad system, that it is no ""MMO"" that is called fear of change.-Good gameplay, really fluid id sayCONs-Rather lacky regarding character creation (but customization is awesome)-Graphically its quite normal id say-It may be hard for controller users to adapt-It will create addiction inside you-Has a somewhat more difficult learning curve, but hey cmoen11/10 buy it"
76561198048887349,Recommended,215280,16642216,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,drose25,"An Awesome MMO *and* Single-Player RPG!I have never encountered another game like The Secret World.  It is billed as an MMO, and you can play it as an MMO, but the game world is huge, expansive, filled with hundreds of unique side quests and challenges, lore and mysteries to explore.  You can play this game without ever interacting with another real player if you want.  Or you can team up to tackle the depths of Hell and the secrets of the universe.  Your choice.  You can repeat almost all missions if you desire, but the variety is so great you may never want to, except for the group dungeons and raids.The story is what clinches this game as a legendary MMO.  It is not incidental to game play.  It's not a few snippets here or there to get you from point A to point B.  The story is largely the game.  Story content vastly exceeds even that of the Elder Scrolls games.  It slowly reveals what is going on, or what certain factions want you to think is going on...  But it is fun, immersive, and intriguing.  The game is filled with hundreds of detailed, cinematic cut-scenes explaining the game universe from the eyes of NPCs and setting the stage for your next adventure.  These aren't tiny, either.  Many last 3-5 minutes or more and the voice acting is superb.And, unlike most other ""free"" MMOs, this game is not remotely pay-to-win.  There is virtually nothing for sale in the game store that will give you an advantage over a player who never spends a dime in the store.  You buy the issues (mission packs, basically) that you want and that's all you need to compete evenly with everyone else in the game.  The rest of the store is cosmetics, pets, effects, fun stuff to customize your character without buying victory.  Competing is up to you.I won't even get into the customization options available for your character other than to say the game is truly classless and you can, if you play long enough, become skilled at everything.  The mechanics are deceivingly simple -- there are millions of combinations to enjoy!"
76561197994543622,Recommended,215280,13960426,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Grosboutte,If u play this you may forget there a world outside of itnever played something this different it doesnt even feel like playing in a mmo its so much moreYou have to rethink the way you play
,Recommended,215280,14080734,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Mikelgard,Awesomesauce
,Recommended,215280,13253844,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Two Fried Eggs,"Not your usual MMO, TSW is conspiracy theories and horror tales rolled up into a hot mess and tosses you right into the center of it. The quests and missions require some critical thinking, the stories are engaging and the voice acting is superb. Content is King and The Secret World seems to have plenty of it.Pros:- Engaging story- Interesting game mechanics- No GRIND... none unless you want to of course- Interesting quests and missions that break the mold of the ""usual"" kill quests- Some very engaging level design- Strong Character Customization Capabilities- Horizontal Growth rather than Vertical so you don't outlevel your friends. Have uber gear? You can still join them and fight alongside each otherCons:[update after weeks of playing]- The new Aegis system of shields and attacks introduces a new game mechanic in the last DLC. Currently the Aegis system is not available if you have not bought the DLC so it limits those players from advancing this mechanic which will be used in all future DLC.-Introducing a new mechanic like Aegis is awkward and personally I hate it. It suddendly changes gameplay and you find yourself having to learn a new mechanic on top of all the power changes- The end game has turned into a gear grind. To me gear grinds are the laziest form of game design since they basically are a way to make people have to work harder just to enjoy new content there by increasing the shelf life of said content...- (And this is sort of a big one. It almost made me not even try the game and I am very patient)Just to get this game registered and to create an account took over 2 hours. That may should like an exaggeration however it isn't. In order to play the game you have to first create an account on Funcom, the page refreshes at each step to create an account is anywhere between 3-10 minutes each and your account name must be unique so the chances of doing multiple refreshes is great.Then, after creating the Funcom account you must actually create a game account but this is not obvious. You see a place to enter a key to ""register"" it. Once you do that, (the refresh this time took over 7 minutes) you must click on this button that says ""Create Account"" with no mention of the game at all, so it is not very clear this needs to be done to play the game.You might think at this point that you are free and home clear... but no. Now you must link the Funcom/game account with Steam...In the end with the confusing and redundant registration, the frustratingly slow refreshes that often timed out, and the horrible support (Live chat put me on hold after taking a lifetime to fire up and eventually I just gave up on that option)I just wanted my money back at this point. What a terrible user experiance. It is a wonder anyone ever actually registers and plays this game. Even if the servers did not take so incredibly long to respond the registration process is tedious and extreme."
,Recommended,215280,14071990,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,thylbanus,"For a B2P game, it's quite solid.  Some stories are engaging, but some are a bit lackluster.  I don't mind dipping in to the game from time to time.  It's good for a nice break.  I recommend for the pure fact of it's above average storylines and B2P.  What LinearMMOs should be.  Subscriptions for these types of games is dead."
,Recommended,215280,14072370,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Tal'Set,"One of the few games I would highly recommend. It sets a standard for MMOs as far as I'm concerned. Elements of other MMOs are here and there, but the familiarity ends there. What sets it apart from others is it makes you use your brain, a rarity in most games, nevermind MMOs. I've had to brush up on mythological information, learn a bit of Morse Code, dabble in cartography, and so on, just to solve the riddles in some quests. To this day, there is no other game that's done that for me. Thanks TSW, for being the best MMO I've played."
,Recommended,215280,1639593,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Blue Devil,"""aliens"""
76561197970264516,Recommended,215280,14141085,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Solaire,"So.♥♥♥♥ing.Good.Open skill system, build your own class that evolves the more you play, tweak, and unlock new things.  Every time I think I'm finalizing a build, or nearly ""done"" with my toon, I spot something else I want to try.Combat is loads of fun, based on the holy trinity.  Since there are no classes, you can tank with elemental magic, or heal with pistols, it's all up to you.As far as story, dialogue, quests, and PVE in general: nothing short of amazing.Seriously, if you've ever thought about playing this game, give it a go.  It's $30 for life, and if you really get into it, you can buy the additional expansions for pretty cheap."
,Recommended,215280,14126599,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Tyler,Phenomenal.  One of my favorite games of all time.  More story and depth than any other game I've played.
76561197970398650,Recommended,215280,14132781,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Timberella,"You can read any number of reviews that will give you insight into the settings, gameplay, etc.  I recommend the game, but with one caveat - combat is laborious.  Each fight feels more like a war of attrition rather than a visceral experience.  And that's going one-on-one.  If another monster wades into the fight, then it's pretty close to 'game over'.  In fact, it is the somewhat tedious combat that caused me to stop playing.  There's only so much grindy combat a guy can take before his mind starts wandering."
76561197990489166,Recommended,215280,1274294,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Baron Von Stroopwafel,"Cabals, conspiracy theories, zombies, Lovecraftian nightmares, with voiced dialogue, in-game animated cutscenes for mission sources and events, and a versatile, involved, combat system... surprisingly good for a pay-once-to-play MMO, and their micropayment scheme doesn't unbalance and is easily ignored/skipped. If you like massive multiplayer games, zombie shoot-em-ups, and puzzle missions that require sleuthing skills and online research abilities to solve, then check this one out. Playing casually over the last year I still haven't come close to exhausting the basic content."
76561197999074020,Recommended,215280,13596398,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Shizzuko,"tl;dr opposite of your average mmo, story/quests are amazing, while the gameplay is meh.Overall a great b2p game, however if you try to play this like other MMOs you will not enjoy yourself with this one. TSW is deserving of the title mmoRPG and only mmo I have played to deserve it.The goodWhat TSW does well is its story, boss fights, quests, npcs, and world. They are done drastically better then any mmo I have ever played and allow for a different game style. Thus if you rush to the end you have missed the game.The badSadly what TSW does poorly is skill trees and gear, the meat and bones of your average mmo. Its a classless game so everyone is rolling on everything which gets old quick. The skill trees while not terrible aren't anything special and you will find you need to spec into cookie cutter specs to perform averagely. There's a lot of skills but most of them are useless."
,Recommended,215280,16821076,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Nis,An incredible game. Some microtransactions. GET THE MASSIVE EDITION. Get it on sale.
76561198009173518,Recommended,215280,16826302,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Something completely different,"A very decent game. If you are looking for an MMO you could do much worse then TSW. The mood is right, the areas well done and above all, the community is downright friendly and helpfull.If you love Call of Cthullu or the world of darkness from vampire/werewolf (etc.) then you most likely enjoy the mood and stories of TSW as well.Just be wary with your credit card information. Funcom automaticly extends memberships so you may want to delete your cc information so they cannot do that without you wanting it."
,Recommended,215280,2637697,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Cellanoid,"An MMO that allows you to use your brain to solve some puzzles, instead of just mindlessly killing.  Now that this is Buy To Play, there is no reason not to own this game!"
76561198032196604,Recommended,215280,8527919,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Lugubelinus,"I have somewhat mixed feelings about this game. On the one hand, it has an amazing story, perfectly crafted settings, and a fascinating cast of characters. Only on these merits, essentially those of a single-player RPG with some occasional multiplayer, it would be 10/10 in my book. However, TSW is also an MMO. Unfortunately, this means that after an all too brief story campaign (with a host of repeatable content on the side, some of which must be bought separately as DLC), one is mercilessly thrown into incredibly unforgiving dungeon-grinding, which is where you will stay until you have saved up for the same gear sets as all the elitists who have been putting you in your place the whole time. If you can stomach that, you may enjoy the end-game a lot more than I did. Oh and a note on PvP: It's a very unbalanced set of minigames, but at least there is some build variation.Story 10/10, Characters 10/10, Lore 11/10, PvE 7/10, PvP 6/10, Community 4/10 = Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,215280,9327511,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,[xXx] Ace [r3j3c7z],"Want to try something new in an MMO? this is your game. the game has been out a while so most of the isseu's that alot of the reviews talk about have been solved.What really gets me is the questing system they have in place.No lvl's ( the way you progress is by getting getting better skills while you play ) so everybody can play with everybody.All set in a mordern day horror theme.ans best of all, no subscribtion fee's"
76561198068068318,Recommended,215280,9985295,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Kaneki,"In the beggining HELL NO 30$ a month is riduculous but since it went 1 time payment is better, gameplay isnt like any other mmo where you kill 10 of these find 5 of those it has puzzles makes quest/missions actualy fun to do, the game put in a future kind of timeline is very unique and i belive it was done perfectly. and another thing curving bullets is amazing"
,Recommended,215280,2015623,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Lilly,wtb friends
,Recommended,215280,663614,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,official (ukarn),"For those of you who don't know too much about my gaming history; I played almost every MMORPG on the market. EQ, EQ2, Asheron's Call, World of Warcraft, Aion, Rift, Guild Wars, Guild Wars 2, SWTOR and even as far back as Ultima all on endgame/competetive levels.Never have I been so eager to play a game as The Secret World.This game is definitely worth purchasing now that it's moved from a subscription based model (still available if you want the extra shinies) to a buy to play model like Guild Wars for instance, with less annoying cash shop extras. If I honestly would have known this game was this good I would have been playing it the entire time it was a subscription MMO.The game plays like a classic adventure/mystery game with added in puzzles and non-forgiving combat. That's one of the major perks. I almost died...on the tutorial level. The puzzles range from finding artifacts scattered in the zone to extremely complex music puzzles, multi-language puzzles, and skill jumping puzzles. The 'B' key (open internet browser) built in the game will be your best friend throughout.+ Challenging both mentally and phsyically, but still very fun+ Very good graphics+ Great plotlines/story- Combat can be a little wonky- Running everywhere gets a little tediousOverall: 9/10"
,Recommended,215280,13169274,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Pontifex,"The Secret World is one of the best MMOs I have ever played. it'sThe game's main strength is its setting: it's a refreshing change to be able to attack communist vampires with M16s, or fry hordes of 28 Days Later zombies into a crisp with cool fireball powers. Never skip a cutscene, you will miss some of the best dialogue in video gaming, and make sure you collect the lore!The combat mechanics are decent; the fact that your overall level does not corralate directly to your skill level, combined with the fact that classes do not exist in this game (you choose from 9 different weapons, filling out 7 active abilites and 7 passive buffs + wearing 7 pieces of armour) results in you being able to be very flexible.Downside: You have to spam number keys to attack. Quite irritating.Overall, I give this 10/10. Illuminati is genuinely confirmed for this one."
76561198063179141,Recommended,215280,6297805,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Soul,"A modern MMO done right. Plain and simple.To go into the more complicated subject briefly I will mention a very complex skill system that is rewarding as well as the basic guidelines in the form of the decks to use the skill point system. Following the decks bank you some nice rewards but you do not have to follow any path! Create some skill combos all your own! The setting is tasteful with a great mixture of dark lighting and ambient noise, the intrigue of the over all story and all the occult make this a game that not only appeals to gamers. But one that appeals to those who like an artfully done story. Borrowing heavily from H.P Lovecraft's works and the works of others who expanded on his mythos as well as many new twists craft a fun and interesting world. The secret societies off the faction aspect of the gameplay and define the story as you go along. Each with their very own opening cut scenes. I cannot explain it all you but trust me on this.Rest assured however, Dark days are ahead.-Soul"
,Recommended,215280,13161827,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,HyperStar,"well, have you ever played any other game that lets you fight cthuluhu with machine gun and katana? probably not.if you love lovecraft's work, just get this. you will love every tiny bit of details in this game."
76561197970369393,Recommended,215280,13739953,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ænima,"Could be great but isn't .....Assumes too much on the ability of the user. No tutorials and little help. Would be easier to make a saturn rocket without instructions than it is to try and play. I have weopons i cant repair or find out how to a wheel to customise my skills but cant use them. If you like really like respawning its for you if not dont bother. I really want to enjoy it and recommend it but I am new to this sort of game and if this is normal,fine but I cant play thisi will add persist and it will pay off ..........I wont lie it is extremely difficult to understand but it is a great game the more you come to grips with it. I still cant fathom out how to uuse magic but getting by with guns and claws"
,Recommended,215280,13795893,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Roguecaine,The dude from The Reanimator is in it.
76561197986299377,Recommended,215280,13786396,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,sc0rpi0n,lots of things to do  with lots of special events for the holidays. Can't go wrong on this game..:)
76561197961176997,Recommended,215280,13753129,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DevOverkill,"Combine a great skill/ability system, fun character outfit customization, amazing atmosphere and probably the best writing in an MMO to day and you have The Secret World. Choose between the Illuminati, Templar and Dragon factions and begin your journey into the world of monsters and conspiracies. The game's lore is based entirely off of real world myths and legends that provide a familiar yet gripping story. The combat is relatively standard MMO fare but that is more than made up for with the fantastic locales and genuinely engaging story. Each quest (called missions) is fully voice acted and accompanied with a small cut-scene and the characters strewn throughout the game are fun to interact with and listen to. The best part is that its a pay-once-to-play game, very much like Guild Wars 2, and doesn't lock you out of content if you aren't a subscriber (there are small paid expansions that are pretty much self contained stories but they aren't expensive). If you're in the mood for a great atmospheric, and often times challenging game (the investigation missions are particularly difficult in a very fun way) then The Secret World is worth your attention."
,Recommended,215280,571733,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Lowlight,"In the first quest hub I was killing zombies with a shotgun in a heavily Stephen King-inspired ""small Maine town."" If this appeals to you, this is a no-brainer and a refreshing new spin on tired MMO tropes. No subscription fee and no FTP nickle and diming for content (so far). At the Steam Sale price that's pretty cheap for a ton of gameplay."
,Recommended,215280,13730009,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Aximeck,"I think this game is fantastic. The graphics are great, good customization so you can make a really unique character, and great concepts for the story. It is an interesting topic to talk about how you'd want to change the world if you were granted power, and the skills you use make you feel like a boss. Overall, great job with the game and I'm so happy it's just buy to play instead of buy to win. So for my friends, if you get money for steam, buy The Secret World."
,Recommended,215280,13731598,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,crouton,about an hour of my gameplay was just me patching this for the first time.11/10
76561198067761649,Recommended,215280,13706457,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Muncho514,Great Game ;D
,Recommended,215280,13708477,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Webbie,Got this on sale for $10 and I'm very excited about it. The story seems never ending and the voice acting is phenomenal.
76561198049992163,Recommended,215280,13597487,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PuSea,I've played tons of mmo's and just have to say this is just one of the best ones yet. It's story is amazing and gameplay is just terrific. Over all just a great game to get into. Totaly beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of WoW aha. But thats just me.
,Recommended,215280,14628799,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,mjace,"This is just awesome.  The graphics aren't top tier, but the music and atmosphere is great.  There are ton's of quests and side quests in each area.  Highly recommended"
,Recommended,215280,13869139,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Sperit,Really smooth combat and great storyPuzzles can be a bit redundant but over all id give it a 9/10also DLC cold be cheeper
,Recommended,215280,13917206,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,TheCursedMonkey,Some of the investigation are unfair but great game still.
76561198015119011,Recommended,215280,13870105,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,mo0ose69,"I have been playing MMORPG's since 1998. I've been there-done that.The Secret World is different than most  MMO's.I consider community to be a very important part of any MMO & The community is awesome. probably one of the best i have seen-ever.You will not hear 14 year olds blabbering profanity on ths game.The wardrobes are not skimpy as they are in  Asian MMosThere are no ElitistsYou will not be damage parsed.You will not be kicked from a grup for being ""noob""It is not pay to win.The quests are just plain awesome. They are not ""go kill 10X (insert mob here) and receive phat loots. you actually investigate and partake in a pretty decent story.it is well  worth getting while on sale.If you do try it, /chat join sanctuary is the most important command you can do. you will meet EVERYONE on that channel and they are all there to help.also, google secret world scripts as it will save you the trouble of typing that more than once."
,Recommended,215280,371694,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Fnordstrum,"This game is sweet... I love the world setting / story / atmosphere aspects of it (that's what got me interested in it in the first place), and it's got a pretty nifty skill / ability system; Not having character levels is a change from most games where one gets experience, and being able to get all of the skills eventually, if you play long enough (and, seems that would be a VERY large amount of playing required), is sweet.Also, I'm liking the amount of content in the game... I haven't played other MMOs for comparison, but, I'm over 40 hours into the game and haven't had to do any significant 'grinding' -- It's pretty much all been doing quests; Also, I still have a lot of the game left to explore... and haven't even done any PvP (the implementation of which actually seems interesting in this), or any dungeons, or etc. It also seems they fairly frequently are adding content to the game, which means it seems it will be quite a while before I'll come close to running out of new things to do in the game.In any case, I definitely recommend it."
76561198005492637,Recommended,215280,14050138,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Skrothos,One of the best MMO I've ever played !!!
,Recommended,215280,823324,"Posted: 22 August, 2012",all,Atmic,"Most researched and well written story I've encountered in an MMO. If you liked the fantastic creativity of The Longest Journey or Dreamfall, you'll love The Secret World -- and you might come out of it a conspiracy nut :)"
,Recommended,215280,13994521,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,OldDirtyCracker,"Beautiful scenery, great stories, best community.Game world was beta tested for 4.5 billion years."
,Recommended,215280,2358053,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Ser Scratch,"Not like your average MMO, in a good way!"
,Recommended,215280,14042220,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Furdmonster,An MMO that makes you think.  Some of the quests require actual problem solving.
,Recommended,215280,14042958,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Dallas Bison,Awsome MMO cant get enough :]
76561198003336774,Recommended,215280,13944861,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,naragoth-BPR,"I have played TSW for 400+ hours now, gone through the story for issues 1-10 as of the time I'm typing this.-Building your ""deck"" or skill combinations  can be fun and keeps me always reviewing my setup.-Aegis could use a bit of fine tuning as a tank  and even duoing with my wife we found it tedious to kill some monsters but      that could be due to not having full 10.4 gear yet.-The main story arcs are very good, (I won't spoil it for those who haven't been through it yet,) I like the references characters will make covering how a player resurrects after death, and the voice acting in issue 9 and 10 especially were very good.Have since Lifetimed the game, and recommended to many friends.    I'm very excited for issue 11!"
76561198056736490,Recommended,215280,13946917,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DeadFireKeeper #37,"its a good game, recently started playing it, trying to find a style that suits me with the ability customizations"
,Recommended,215280,14233511,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Avinn,i love the game
76561198050836783,Recommended,215280,13659464,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mrromeijn,"have this thing 1 day, played 8 hours (+ 2 hours patching). I think that is a good sign.Cinematic missions, Good combat (for a auto-attack-ish system), Funny factions (just read after you finished a mission).Missions can be long, in those 8 hours i was buissy with 8 side quests and 1 main quest and the main quest is not done yet.And it is quite laggy for me, so I hope you have a bulkier computer then me.After playing 60 hours I noticedGood:Cutscenes are well acted, missions are diverse, there is no max level (if you put enough time in it you can have every job maxed), combat styles are varried, instances are great, community is friendly (the low amount that there is...), factions still cool, level only dictates abilities, but not stats, monster are well designed and are different (begin is mostly zombies though).Bad:Still laggy, patching is not often, beginning is boring (you have to take a bitter pill with nice effects), combat is auto attack, fetch quests are common, main quest progression is real slow (60 hours in, at tier 13/18 (because did alot of side quests, which are needed!)), low playerbase on server, most creatures attack you on sight (90% of them) and there are certain missions where you want to eat your keyboard with frustration thanks to instakill traps.If you have 30 $ to spend, it is worth a buy, if it is on sale with 20 $ then this is a good game to spend it on!"
,Recommended,215280,13998125,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Goatlord,The only game in which you can put all the blame on Illuminati and it's relevant.
,Recommended,215280,2364150,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,[FG]Soulreaper317,Best Puzzle-RPGMMO game ever :D 9/10 worths it all.
,Recommended,215280,15476800,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Raz,"Iv played this game for 3 hours and am already in love with it, the graphics r amazin for an oldish game and the quest line cutscenes r very well done."
,Recommended,215280,15618990,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Noah,Fantastic MMO with an interesting combat system that allows you to mix 2 weapons simultaneously along with the best designed and most interesting quests this game is a must buy for anyone who enjoys MMOs and has grown bored of the usual WoW clone format.
,Recommended,215280,15627946,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Link,"This game has been great so far, balanced, not pay to win, great lore and no subscription!"
,Recommended,215280,15279769,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pinku,"A great MMO with mystery, horror, and LOTS of killing! Play solo or group up with friends, this game is amazing to play! Choose from 3 factions, choose two weapons of choice, and start killing!! Collectable achievements, clothes and titles."
76561198147143110,Recommended,215280,15661878,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Limsalo,"Gameplay is awesome, storys are interesting, class building, the list goes on; literally everything you can ask for in a RPG. The crafting system is simple, but suprisingly interesting and fun.Interface could use some work though. Trying to click items will frustrate you; just keep thinking about the positives really....I wish you could freely attack enemies while still being able to target instead strictly targeting.Overall amazing and I'm going to be playing this game for a long time."
,Not Recommended,215280,4762979,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Squidward,WORST GAME EVER. DO NOT BUY. COMPLETE WASTE OF 50$. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
76561197997774537,Recommended,215280,15655257,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,bmongo,"Great Game!!! Its reminiscent of Ultima Online/Matric Online and Champions Online although none of these MMOs are hugely successful compared to some of the titans today.. they where all ground breaking. Its worth and look at and its Free, no sub!!. Loads of content to upgrade after you get into the swing of things.. So ya give it a shot you will be surprised :)"
76561197984030133,Recommended,215280,15719141,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Whyren,"Casual, easy to play MMO with all the intrigue of a Modern Day RPG setting like World of Darkness. No classes or levels so you can build the character you want to play with. There is some structure such as builds (Tank, Heal, DPS) and the Ability Deck system allows you to construct prefab builds if you wish. Easily soloable, but always more fun in a group. From the same team that brought us The Longest Journey, Dreamfall, and Dreamfall: Chapters. They are excellent storytellers and this game is no exception!"
76561197993070944,Recommended,215280,14912811,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Elf_Boy,Deep and dark.Good game for those that like to thinka bout the missions and fully explore the map.Characters and builds are very flexable and in this game you can learn it all.
76561198032289204,Recommended,215280,15372022,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,darkwire,"Highly recommend this game for an audience that wants something a little different from the usual fantasy MMORPG worlds.This game has a very good storyline (King, Lovecraft, and Indiana Jones inspired) that is present in just about all quests that have cutscenes.Community is also by far one of the most helpful and mature."
,Recommended,215280,15472838,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,thornelemental,A unique and creative game that will blow your minds off literally
,Recommended,215280,15583085,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ReinaWolfie,"I have many things to say for this game:I bought it October last year, and I played probably 8 hours of it.My initial thought of it was ""Waste of £20""There's stuff this game does right, and it's own unique aspects;General Creepiness: 8/10 Running around this dark forests by yourself you'll notice goosebumps on your arms.Combat: 5/10 The combat is overused in the society of MMO's and is just super awkward, nothing spectacular. But it feels okay after a while.Solo'ing: 8/10 I don't have a clue of what being in a group is like in TSW, but I never truly feel bored or ""lonely"" and I can say: If your smart, you'll survive.PVP: Never tried it, I have no care for killing other people as it is, but from the way the combat feels I can't say it would be that good.Presentation: 6/10 The whole ""Three Factions, No Classes, No armour, No levels, horror"" appeals to a gamer like myself. Usually classes in games don't balance out that well. Some classes feel super strong while others hang off to the side like bones on your plate. So in most/all MMO's your a pile of nothing in a barram wasteland of 3 million players. While that's probably also the case in TSW, it's your abilities that make you strong, not that your a level 80 Assassin with a seemingly overpowered pair of daggers.Story: 5/10 While the story is pretty decent, a lot of it feels stereotypical. Some ideas are new, and some make you yawn. The whole ""Your a normal boring human being UNTIL!! a magical bee floats into your mouth. And now your a speechless lunatic who's going to save the world from a bunch of egotestical (That mispelling is on purpose, there's a lot of 18+ stuff in the story *cough* Dragon introduction *cough*) knuckleheads who only want power and to rule over all the other countries that are soooo far apart from one another"" makes me want to whack Funcom with a large frying pan like an old batty grandmother.Overall: 7/10 if you have a spare sum of cash, and your looking for a mmo to spend it on, and you like being wigged out a little and generally just being incredibly amused then this is a game you should get. Research the game before you get it. ~"
76561198135976454,Recommended,215280,15572142,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,American Fish,really good
76561198079531911,Recommended,215280,15575579,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Irosin,Fun game that makes you think and interact with the world in a whole new way.
,Recommended,215280,15484477,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Jerek Lo,"A really interesting mix of mmo and adventure game, if only all games had quests like these!  Also has a fun skill system without classes and GW1 style deck building."
76561198050619524,Recommended,215280,15485076,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,MindHoney,"The game is suprisly deep for a MMo, and has some of the best quests i have ever seen"
,Recommended,215280,15485622,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,stinger839,"If you like the genre of horror-occult-action, you will like this game. The worlds are vast and exploration is the best part of the game. Biggest downside is that it's very grindy. You might have to spend a few hours in the same place and replay several missions so that you can tackle missions in a nearby realm. The repetitiveness saps all the fun out of the game.The system for making runes and items can be confusing, and really is just needless. I'd rather collect rare items than collect 100 items to make a rare item I don't want. There are rare item drops too, but usually, you will have to trade or collect to get what you want.Nice character customization system. Enough clothing options to keep you grinding for the cool stuff, but once you get rich enough, there is nothing left to get. It can get confusing to level your character ""correctly"" because there are so many powers you can get and you may never know what the best build and attacks are to make unless you read a ton of forum posts about it.The holiday special missions are awesome, but you usually need a high level character or group to do them.Despite all the downsides, why is this a good game? The stories, atmosphere, and creatures."
76561198064557206,Recommended,215280,15532011,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DigitalDevilSin,I love the story of the game but the gameplay is ok for most part but the controls not so good remaping your keys.
,Recommended,215280,15672511,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lyrian,"I'm not going to lie. I love the hell out of this game. I wish I could devote more time to it, but I sold my soul to Guild Wars 2. :(Awesome puzzles, helpful people, engaging world, and a uniqueness that has me thinking about it long after I've stopped."
,Recommended,215280,15693433,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Gingas,This game is hordes of badassness
76561198014946800,Recommended,215280,15778515,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Nameloc,"a nice new setting for mmo's, i am enjoying playing this every once in a while."
,Recommended,215280,14525195,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,CAP LOCK IS ON 24/7!,One of the best MMORPGs ever made. It has mythos from all corners of the world and mixes things up with a a unquie talent wheel.
76561198045081609,Recommended,215280,14482335,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,warloss,"A great game that's fun to play, you can tell a lot of thought and effort has been put into this game and it's been made with pride not like a lot of companies who you can just tell churn games out to make money, the in game voice acting is brilliant and some genuinely funny moments, try this game and give it a week and you'll be loving it"
76561198085780588,Recommended,215280,13999096,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Zzyl_tsw,"Pro points:Great game, great ambiance, nice community, great dungeon, varied quests.B2P, so no monthly fee.The tutorial is a bit light so do not hesitate to ask people for more information in game.Also do not ragequit because of the infamous investigation missions (Green mission icon), as even if they bring a nice change in mmo (you need to think, look for info on the net, and solve riddle), they are not mandatory to go on.At worst, you can get solution on the net, as these missions can bring nice background information for you to understand better the story or the land.Minus:To be frank, the game Editor does not have so much money, so update are (very) slow.However, for less than 30$/€ (I do not know the current price), you can already have fun for hundreds of hours.After that, if you like the game, you can buy the extensions/missions pack. They are usually quite nice, but can be considered a bit ""expensive"" (around 10$/€ each)  compared to their size.But if you played a few hundred hours for less than 30€, you can give a bit more to participate ,)"
,Recommended,215280,14683874,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Crusader Sandvich,"The first time that I played this game, it was in the very early stages and a friend had given me a code of some kind to be able to play for a short period of time. Unfortunately, my computer was total crap at the time and I could barely even load the game, let alone play.I've since returned and have pretty much played nonstop since buying the game. It may not be the easiest MMO or even the ""coolest"", depending on your views, but it's very clear that a lot of effort and love was put into this game and I am certainly glad that it exists."
,Recommended,215280,9616337,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,(PG)Judge Ladante,"I dont care what other people say I hate this game for 1 reasion. I paid for it only to not get to play it forever. I couldnt make a person before, because I couldnt even get a name, and now when I try it today I cant even log on. I have my correct information and I cant even play it. Biggest waste of money for a game ever.:EDIT: Finally I got it to work and it turns out the game isnt bad just I had a very difficult time to get on it in the first place. But if you like MMOs and being a bad♥♥♥♥♥this is the game to get."
,Recommended,215280,14584830,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,CrudeSlayer,"This game is worth every penny, it feels like stealing. Think of it more of a singleplayer with optional/random multiplayer. The atmosphere is seriously immersive and if you're someone that likes a good story you're going to have a great time unraveling what this game has in store."
,Recommended,215280,14565057,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,LightFight,I like this game a lot BUT i find it a bit repetitive in a sense of quests since you repeat most of them at least 3 times to leave an area. Other than that i can definitely that i enjoy this game a lot !
,Recommended,215280,14565136,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,daznet69,I love this game...  No levels but skill trees to cry for.
,Recommended,215280,16028528,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Nyx,"This has to be one of THE best mmos I have played to date. The world Is amazing, as Is the content. The missions are diverse. You have your normal standard missions, go here and do this for me...But there's non of that go here kill 15 ants, come back hand in, to then get told, oh I need another 50 killing! Once you complete a mission you get a pop up box, job's done. Then there's stealth missions, obviously the aim there is to not actually kill anything, or be seen while doing them...tricky, but fun! Then, in my opinion...The best ones, investigation missions, where you will need to dig deeper into all the information you're given and use the games, in game browser to solve mysteries and puzzles.Because it's not your average, power level blast to end content mmo...By bashing everything in site, and does require some in depth thinking, the player base is quite mature and extremly plesent!"
76561198059812403,Recommended,215280,16031442,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Bones,"I love this game! Funcom unlocks a whole new world of mmorpg's with it's unique style of completely custom class creation. With over 500 Active and passive abilities assorted through an array of weapon's the possibilities are endless. And passive abilities can be used with any weapon's no matter which ability tree they are listed under. The grind is exactly that though, a GRIND. However, having the highest ability in a skill tree doesn't necessarily mean it's the best. Lower leveled and geared players should be totally capable of holding their own in PVE. Finding groups is not an issue. Cabals/Guilds are prominent and PUGs are easy to create and find. Running dungeons is difficult at first due to the fact that skill is based largely on gear ranking you're likely to run into a few elitists that wont play with lower geared players, despite the fact that helping those players would only serve to create more higher geared players they desire to play with. But with the command /chat join noobmares you open yourself to a world of players on equal footing with yourself looking to grind their way to the top. I recommend this game to everyone and only suggest that more people choose to tank at first as the game is largely overpopulated with DPS characters and underpopulated with tanks and healers. This choice would only serve to allow you to level up considerably faster than myself as I find trouble grouping up as a character that can only DPS as of now."
,Recommended,215280,15936549,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Malaclypse,"Got into this game a long time ago when it originally came out. Played it for about six months and quit because it was too repetitive. Now that it's free to, figured I might as well check out the new content.I've always been a huge fan of the Cthulhu mythos, the Illuminati and wacky conspiracy theories. So far-fetched and crazy that you just want them to be true. This game takes all of them and turns them into a world where everything you ever heard is the absolute truth.The combat is a hybrid of your usual ""tab-target, press action key repeatedly until dead"" and action-based. For instance: In order to use your shotgun skills, you have to lock-on to a target. However, when you fire your shot, it sprays buck-shot and hits everything in the cone, not just your target. Same with sweeping strikes from melee weapons. If your weapon passes through them in the course of the animation, they likely took damage. It is repetitive, but fun at the same time. Attacks from enemies are the same, but it has the area of effect on the ground with an animation to show you the timing on the skills execution. You can move out of the way of it or, if it's tough to dodge, you can double-tap any direction to dash out of the way.The questing is your usual MMO-fare. Kill this, gather that, figure out this riddle. The cool thing is, everything is voiced and every mission has a cut-scene with the mission-giver telling you what is going on. Thought that was a nice touch. Really brings you into the world more. Plus, the riddles can be actually tough at times. They don't spell out each and everything for you.Over all, I enjoy the game. The environments are very well thought out and damn creepy at times. The PvP arenas are fun and can impact the world for your faction. Give it a try."
76561198009873702,Recommended,215280,2602488,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,AndreasCarv_Archos,interesting rpg game and on another new level
,Recommended,215280,16081988,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Kannapa,The most unique MMORPG I have ever played. If the combat was better I would say this hands down the best ever made but sadly the combat is among the worst. Still it offers a stand alone experience you will find in no other MMO  and even most RPG's.If you like story and to carve your own story this is for you!https://youtu.be/Z6jdCHnnVho
76561198082103520,Recommended,215280,6998986,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Noobcookie,"Very different, yet amazingly addictive."
,Not Recommended,215280,15855995,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lokis Wolf,"Very repetitive, could not get into it."
76561197995245990,Not Recommended,215280,15865064,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,spybotplus,Nice atmosphere.  Crashes a lot.  Cheezy cut scenes.  Typical boring grindy MMO gameplay.
,Recommended,215280,15875776,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Ketzerei,"Pros:Great StoryGreat Voice ActingFANTASTIC mission(""quest"") systemGreat skill-based non-leveling ProgressionCons:If you lack a brain, don't bother logging in - most missions require the use of your brain to solve puzzles."
76561198127496864,Recommended,215280,15876624,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Quintega,"As a person who prefers stories and roleplaying compared to game mechanics, I love this game. Since it not only a great game based around immersion and roleplayers, but overall fun.one con though is ""Funcom please stop with the jumping parts they are really Annoying"""
76561198009137784,Recommended,215280,15811703,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Mr. Jack,"It has a very good story and dun missions, only problem is missions are repeatable, you cannot remember if you did the mission or not"
,Recommended,215280,15898149,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,LizzieGoneMorbid,"I'm not a big fan of leaving reviews or comments when it comes to anything but in this case its not an option. I've had the game more or less 5 months now and I'm already in The city of the sun god, deleting a couple characters over time and finding one I'm happy with ( Because I do that with my MMORPG's, bad habit I guess ) I ended up being a Templar. I've clocked nearly 300 hours in total to this point and these two weeks alone I've put 70 hours in.I have no regrets about this game at all and the only criticism I have for the game is that solo play is a pain ( But it is a multi player game so they can have that one off ) and that can just be resolved by some extra missions.If you are considering buying this game just make sure you have the time to put in because it sure is addictive.Its probably bad to say this, but this is the game I've spent my life searching for."
76561198108330443,Recommended,215280,15585981,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Fenris,You either love it or not.I'm married to it.
76561197996435309,Recommended,215280,16567445,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vader,Illuminaty is dope!!!!
76561198078547438,Recommended,215280,16722580,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,andrew.dh88,"I'll keep this review as brief as possible. After all hours played is a good indicator that I like the game :)PROS- This is NOT a copy/paste MMO and by that I mean TSW is very unique in its story and playstyle and If your anything like me I got very bored of every MMO feeling like a WoW clone.- This game offers a lot of Bang for your Buck. Yes there are some issues (content) that is DLC however there is no subscription required and the base cost of the game gives you countless hours of gameplay. Not to mention any content that is available for purchase does not give you an advantage over the general playerbase it is 90% story focused.- This game has a Kick♥♥♥♥♥community, very mature playerbase which can lead to a lot of fun in group content. Also generally a very friendly playerbase. (In otherwords you dont have to deal with much immature ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t).- Very vast customization! You can truely be any role and there are MANY. The playstyles offered in this game are neverending, new builds pop up all the time.- In game help. I have found there ingame help (via GM's) to be one of the best in any MMO i've played. In my experiences they have been quick to reply and very helpful. Type: /petition in game to contact a GM.CONS- It has a small playerbase, a loyal one but small nonetheless. Recommend players to join a cabal (guild) as soon as possible to help when looking for players for group content.- It has a steep learning curve (when compared with most MMO's) again joining a cabal helps with this.- Updates are slow. They are actually making great improvments in this area and one can now expect events/new content every 1-2 months but having a small playerbase and not being a pay-to-win or subscription based game they operate on a smaller budget/team."
76561198012339280,Recommended,215280,16666891,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kennyevilmonkey,"Differant than your average MMO. If your looking for kill this and go get this quests, you can do the side quests. If you want a prety desent story, you have you main and story quests. You can do dungeons and raid, their are no set classes that you have to play as, and how strong you are is dependent on your skills and items. The cash shop is also purly cosmetic. Its a great game, but you need a half-way desent computer to play it, because its an MMO, and there can be alot to process."
76561197970893261,Recommended,215280,16605772,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lindsay Lohan,"Wow, what a game! I was going to buy game this last year during the summer sale and didn't. My loss, hands down the best MMO ever, and I have played them all. Excellent in game music as well! Love the game for the simple fact that it's mainly adults playing. A great community, without the griefing."
76561198091529801,Recommended,215280,16607771,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,keavaa,"It breaks away from the traditional MMO model of get quest X, do quest X, turn in and find next quest giver.   All the little details matter which in other MMOs are often cosmetic, here they can be clues or key pieces of information to solve puzzles.    Highly recommended.   The mood and tone, the atmosphere; drawers you in and you become part of this world, in ways that other MMOs simply fail to do."
76561198063064312,Recommended,215280,16590087,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,KEY,"First review here on Steam, but for this game, I just can not resist.The Secret World is not your usual MMORPG. It feels like a mix of a shooter with a nice bit of RPG elements (skills/talents) and a really sweet portion of games like Silent Hill when it comes to atmosphere and storytelling (and this is where TSW absolutely shines).The character creation is okay'ish. You don't really get that many options when it comes to face- and bodymorphs, but then again you get quite some clothing options. The models still look nice and the item store offers some sweets for a fair price. Also you get lots of clothing items when progressing with the storyline and with your skills.Graphics - oh well, to be honest when I entered the tutorial I was a bit disappointed. Even for a game that was released in 2012 the tutorial doesn't really make up to what you will get in the later gamestages. I only know Kingsmouth so far, and this place looks awesome, even if there's surely better looking games out there... and that brings us to the next point:Atmosphere: holy cow, together with the story and missions the atmo of TSW is fantastic! It reminds me of my first time playing Resident Evil 1 (yeah, I'm that old :P) or Half Life 1. Back then, these games really gave me the creeps. And TSW also succeedss in doing so. Great job, graphics & sound team!Combat felt a bit clonky for the first minutes, but as soon as you get the hang of it, the game has got the right balance between fast paced and tactics. Not the best I've played so far, but surely not the worst at all.Missions/quests: though you get your typical MMO ""kill x enemies at location z"" quests, most of the missions go far beyond your usual MMO-questing: if you don't pay attention and listen closely (or read the notes you get), you will easily find yourself in a dead end. So my warning to those of you who like their quests served as no-brainer-stuff: play some other game. For those of you who like detective's work and even check historical data, solving puzzles that are not meant for 5-years-olds: welcome to paradise. Personally I like what the devs did there!Skillsystem/Craftingsystem: complex, but not too confusing to not understand it. The game claims you can have all availlable skills maxed if you only play long enough. Can't tell if that's true, but as there seems to be no way to reset skillpoints I kinda believe that. Can't tell you much about crafting, need to get myself into that yet.I only played 25 hours when writing this review, and I can't wait to ramp up more hours in this game. So my thumbs are up, love the game so far and feel bad for not trying it out much earlier (like, in 2012 at release ;) ).Hope this review helps... enjoy your time in a secret world."
76561198028148235,Recommended,215280,16660698,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jmtanzillo,"I have enjoyed playing their other game, Conan, so I thought that I'd give TSW a try.  So far it is playing similar to Conan.  It took a bit to learn the mechanics but I think that I've got everything but how to use the Assembly Screen.  I have not been able to figure that out just yet.  It is fun so far and if you like Conan then I think that you'd like this one.Update - 27 June 2015:  I am really enjoying this game. I have figured out the Assembly Screen and have upgraded my weapon. The best places to find the recipes and formulas for crafting are the TSW Wiki sites - I found at least 3 different ones.  The important thing about TSW is to not rush through the game.  Take time to build up your experience by doing the side missions to allow your character to increase their skills (SP & AP)."
,Recommended,215280,2056698,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Odinchild,"One of the BEST MMOs I have played to date, and I'm only 11 hours in. Combat and Leveling is unique and flawlessly done, storytelling is gritty, dark, at times comedic, and superbly well written, not only in dialogue but in plots. Questing is revamped from the days of Snore, and while it is still ""Kill this, find that."" it is done in a manner that is challenging and at times frustrating. This is a game that makes you use your brain. A new step in ""Investigative Gaming."" Highly recommend, 10/10."
76561198023626732,Recommended,215280,16706781,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DasTaco,love this game had been wanting to play it for a long time and now that i have finally bought it i love it :D
,Recommended,215280,18459547,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Josie,Coolbeansdude
,Recommended,215280,6400534,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Gothic,One of the most interesting mmo's i've ever played.
76561198003085216,Recommended,215280,18324825,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ph3onix,"Like any MMO... it's still an mmo. There is still grinding and stupid pointless sidequests that just waist your time telling you to do menial tasks.But you can clearly tell that this was made by the people behind The Longest Journey. There is a significant amount of voice acting and it's not there just so that the game may be touted as being ""cinematic"". It's there because the characters are worth it. It's there because the world is beauiful and very unique compared to other MMOs, if only just because it's set in the modern era. Even though there are a lot of quests that are pointless, this is not a Korean MMO, there are not that many quests and I can say that at least 1 in 3 quests are geniunely interesting. And I say interesting not just because of the story given by the flavour text or the dialogue you get when you accept it. Some quests have very different mechanics, an example would be a quest where you hack into a radio anthena and record a transmission that is in morse code. The game afterwards gives you NOTHING to help with that, the only thing that you can do is learn morse code and decode the message yourself, which feels amazing because it's not as easy as you'd think (took me about an hour).As many people have said already this is an MMO for people that don't like to play MMOs. So if you don't usually play MMOs you are probably also suspicious of trying this... because it's an MMO. So you should read some of the community guides written for it and you will get to know what kind of mechanics you'll be dealing with and what you will be spending your time doing in this game."
76561198033338431,Recommended,215280,18261989,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,amorfis666,"Great atmosphere, great storytelling, Unique.:)Combat animations are repetitive and a bit dull but if you can pass through thatthere are plenty of things you can do to have a really good time.I just hope the game lives on and improves even more^^'"
,Recommended,215280,18374692,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,NOOT NOOT (Hail Hydra),"Okay so this is not going to be a long review or anything. The game is fantastic and i am absolutely loving it. I definetly think it's a game you should try out if  you like mmo's that are heavy on story and mystery etc. It's just lovely.There is just one thing i know that might annoy alot of people including me. Some areas of the game has truely horrific optimization. So for starters. I can play MGS V, Mad Max, Realm reborn and all of these new games on max settings with way over 60 fps constantly.This game on max usually lays around 70-90 fps depending on which areas and how many mobs etc like all mmo's it can change alot.But just some areas of the game is terrible. Let's take for example ""The Blue Mountain"" area. I went in there with a steady 70+ fps at all times. After a few hours however it started to drop from 70-90 to 16-18 fps when i turned in different angels etc. But i thought okay i guess just some areas have poor optimization. Then however.... I went into a cave and as expected in a enclosed small area the fps increases way higher usually. But when i went out of the cave i was now at a constant 16-18 fps and now only in different angles 70-90 fps and then after awhile it was just more or less constantly at 17fps. Tried decreasing settings, did absolutely nothing, still stayed at constant super smoooooth 17 fps. untill i restarted the game. Now everything works 70-90 as usual with small dips to like 30fps 20fps etc at random areas and angles.So far i have only ecountered this terrible optimization of a heavy dose in this area ""The Blue Mountain"" and a very small bit in previous areas. I am not sure how many other areas have it. But i have a feeling there are quite abit more areas like this.Now as i said i love this game and it definetly dosent discourage me in any way from playing it. But i know that some people including me can be extremely annoyed with fps drops for no apperant reasons and poorly optimized games etc.I am not discouraging one from buying this game, i really think you should try it out. I was skeptic for months about this game but then decided to buy it and loved it. Just a friendly pointing out something that might annoy alot of people.(and sorry for my poor english)"
76561198065644658,Recommended,215280,17951418,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,makindeor,"Thoroughly enjoyable realistic world but one with a twist.  I really enjoy the history in the game as a whole and I feel the secret societies are depicted well.  I especially like how you can build your character any way wished and am not necessarily tied down to one particular weapon or skill set.  The NPC are great to listen too, and I would not recommend skipping their dialogue.  Some of it is hilarious (hello, Dr Zurn and your tripping leopard, LOL)"
,Recommended,215280,14111015,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,joey the red scare,"If there is any MMORPG I would spend time and money on, it would be this one.I enjoy this game so much and can barely put it down."
76561198018465814,Recommended,215280,14111362,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Macdeth,"Fantastic. Stands out among MMOs (and really games in general) in the care devoted to each individual quest, even beyond the fantastic voice acting, and the 'class' system is so tweakable that there must be at least fifty viable builds--and the game leaves you to gronk it for yourself."
76561198039737337,Recommended,215280,4608615,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,ThrobZombie,"Somewhat left-of-centre, which is just what the MMORPG universe needs."
76561198057514412,Recommended,215280,14359101,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Andropheonix,"good fun to play but slow to advance through areas as your 'level' isn't your level but a measurment of items you've equiped, meaning long missions and tedious grinding."
76561198009504171,Recommended,215280,14363625,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Boomer,"Great atmosphere, great background, not a 'hold your hand every step of the way' type of game. It's so refreshing to have a game that doesn't insult my intelligence as a human being.The missions play out like I'm inside a good book (for the most part) and while this game won't appeal to everyone it definitely appeals to me, I give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,215280,14391687,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,agoran_1,"This game is really well-done. The premise is intriguing as well as the setting. I really like the lore and feeling of the ambientation of the game. Furthermore, the quests are not boring at all. Sure, you can google the hints on the forums and multiple walkthroughs, but solving the investigation missions really takes you to do some pretty cool research about music,latin, and occult stuff online. For example, to solve one investigation mission the set up a real website of a fictional organization online where you solve the quest by finding info about the directors in a real website.In general I am really happy about discovering this game. Hopefully they will develop it further."
76561198113104957,Recommended,215280,14018013,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Krox,"Go buy Guild Wars 2, this game is 6/10, its good, but meeeeeeeeeh."
76561197989845912,Recommended,215280,14460912,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Shmygelbryl,"Simply one of the best mmos out there.To level up , doing puzzles and exploring myths and legengs is amazing.The class system , or the lack of, and skill setup can be a bit daunting , but well worth it in the end , since you get a tailor made class for you :)The secret world is a MUST BUY !"
76561198043546565,Recommended,215280,4939090,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,vahngalvan,Unlike anything you've ever played before.
,Recommended,215280,14329475,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Julimo,"i love this game butt stil i will say this isnt for everybody. if you would like to play someting difrent that that dosnt play around dwarfs ,elfs, orcs and gnomes and not edieval times but a game that is closer to this time.and someting werry difrent then most other mmo`s then this is for you"
,Recommended,215280,499346,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Jedlosson,I was very pleasantly surprized when I tried this game out.Excellent game with full voiceover of the main quests including NPCs animation in quest dialogues better than SWToR.No player character levels. Full customisation of player's character by a huge ammount of skills.The best parts of the game are (in my opinion) the investigation quests - these quest actually force players to logically think - something totally new to an MMO. Some quests even require player to know Morse code and other skills (or to google the facts with the help of the ingame internet browser)Only weakness is the low number of raids/dungeons. Otherwise it is great fun.
,Recommended,215280,7830999,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Lysandher,"Excellent MMO - loved the storyline, good content, and no subscription fee!  Took over 300 hours to get to the end game, so great value for money spent!  Will need to see how the end game pans out."
76561198022336820,Recommended,215280,3417195,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,eroeru,"Best MMO I've played.Dialogue is fantastic, setting superb, not much hand-holding, gameplay great, music and art are grand... Really really worth getting.And it's by the same people and with a similar somewhat intellectual appeal as Longest Journey. References to literature and stuffs. Witty and downright hilariously smart commenting done by the voice-acted NPCs most of whom have an awesome personality to them (mostly speaking out of experience with Illuminati)."
76561198075498738,Recommended,215280,7656133,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Br1tn3y5p34r5,best horror theme mmo ever ;) + nice pvp arenas
76561197967182661,Recommended,215280,268706,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Areoc,"Really digging this game.  Picked it up during the 2013 summer sale, and it's a fantastic non-linear MMO.  I thought it might be a little tricky to get in to, but even though it's described as non-linear, I do find there is progression, and the story has been fantastic.  If you're into puzzle solving, or working out how to complete quests without the game blantantly giving you the answer, there is tonnes of content here to enjoy!"
,Recommended,215280,775,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Fabricated,"TSW now works off the GW2 model; cash shop for consumables, dressup dolls, and new content, but no subscription needed.This is basically X-Files:The MMO. Pick one of three secret societies, and play a pleb who woke up one day to realize they had superpowers and that literally every conspiracy theory and paranormal thing ever is real.Combat is fun and semi-active; sort of proto-GW2. I'd explain the class system but that'd take pages. There's a big learning curve here and it's really easy to ♥♥♥♥ up and make a character who can't solo some content. It's worth the time investment though. There's stealth missions, combat, investigation missions that will require actual investigation and thought, lots of voice acting, and if you play Illuminati a lot of great humor.Lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥to download, but worth the try."
76561198024998930,Recommended,215280,3583085,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,whyttigr,"Great atmosphere, wonderful writing and storytelling, unique character progression, I only regret waiting as long as I did to purchase it."
76561198012070980,Recommended,215280,2750630,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Agitatr,"Good sandboxy/themepark MMO. B2P, with a cash shop that consists of fluff, no PTW.I alpha tested this game and really enjoyed my time playing."
76561198026569513,Recommended,215280,3721445,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,ⓒⓗⓔⓝⓜⓞⓤ,"really exciting game, the story is great, the graphics are beautiful, and finally, finally a rather hard game"
76561198007694963,Recommended,215280,2461310,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Rekkyan,le BEST mmo online!!!
,Recommended,215280,658737,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Slex,"Gameplay appears to be good. The combat system is very sluggish and feels heavy to use. Player appearance needs a massive overhaul, most female characters look like they have the same face map. Prepare to be bombarded with walls of text to attempt to understand your place in the game. Grab it on sale, don't spend top dollar and have a go. Make sure you have the quota to download this 40gig mmo."
,Recommended,215280,7736050,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,ParagonPaladin,"Feels more like a single player game with cool multiplayer oppertunities. Story, characters and overall writing quality are excellent, and above par for the MMO genre. Quests are varied and have interesting mechanics along with the ""kill 10 rats"" archtype.  Playing with friends can take away the spooky atmosphere in some areas, though, as you're quicker to kill the thing than get scared by it."
,Recommended,215280,2525976,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Ariamaki,"The best MMO on the market, bar absolutely none. Fully voiced cutscenes for every major  quest (all of them unique in some way), balanced and entertaining combat, fast and frantic PVP, a phenomenal faction system... The game is engaging and moody, the music is incredible, the graphics stellar. It is a masterwork of the industry, and a hopeful sign for the future, even through the darkness and the Filth. Dark days are coming... Join us, and fight them."
76561198030793851,Recommended,215280,4018984,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Blackdrive,"The best MMO out there for roleplaying.  Its combat runs a little choppy, but it's worth it for the flavor, story, character design, and novelty of the modern world of supernatural."
,Recommended,215280,7826579,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,The Mojo Flow,"Incredible depth, you can play this game pretty much in whatever manner you wish to. I think this is an excellent edition and I'll spend years hacking away at this, I feel."
,Recommended,215280,7827441,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Prince Harming,"I keep coming back to this game. Combat is a bit wonky, however I really enjoy the missions, voice acting, and the deck-building mechanics."
,Recommended,215280,1713542,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,AtomicToast,"Now that this game's gone Buy2Play, I really can't recommend any other MMO higher than this. As far as standard PvE and PvP combat goes, it's not too special. Combat and Skills work similar to Guild Wars 1, with an emphasis on moving during combat to avoid special attacks. Builds are very free-form and allow much more experimentation than other MMOs. Most of the game can be played solo as well, although it will be tough.What sets The Secret World apart is it's very unique and interesting setting, and a large emphasis on actually telling a story rather than just stringing along quests. There's a large overarching plot that is genuinely interesting. Great voice work and lots of it helps make every quest feel important and less of a grind. There are a ton of missions based around solving ARG-style puzzles, and for those who enjoy doing research to solve things you'll absolutely love it. There are even stealth missions. The in-game lore you can collect and read are actually really well written, like the story itself, and help immerse you into the pseudo-horror setting well.Be warned, there are a promisingly large number of bugs. It's a real shame, as they often directly get in the way of finishing major quests. The game still holds up even with these though.As said, if you have to start a new MMO, please give this one a shot. It's fantastic and really under-appreciated."
76561198060470937,Recommended,215280,8369007,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,keeperosin,"The secret world is a beautiful action mmorpg set in a horror/dark/occult modern world.  The graphics, expecially the lighting and shadows are good enough to stop and admire as you play.  The leveling system is unique and full of promise.  The story is intriguing.  Well written and well acted characters make you want to see what they will say next.  And this game is not for wusses.  It is challenging even during the tutorial.  (The first game I ever played where I almost got beat down during the tutorial).  The only problem is that the world doesn't change as you accomplish missions.  The paper you collected for the doctor's log will still be sitting there after you get it and forever, making it feel as though you are not doing much to help this world become a better place.  Well worth the asking price, especially since it has gone free to play."
,Recommended,215280,8372187,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Johnny Blanco,I have to say that this game is amazing as you can play the way you want without having to focus on various levels and requirements for powers. I started a character with an assault rifle skill and then started on blood magic which is making him more survivable. And the best part is you can pick this game up for cheap and never have to pay a monthly fee for playing. What a deal! :)
76561197972633066,Recommended,215280,8360088,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,-Cougar Shadow-,amazing game
76561197990333674,Recommended,215280,1265704,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,daniu -TLG-,"This game is awesome.I used to not touch MMORPGs with a ten foot pole and dislike computer RPGs in general, but TSW is very well done and TSW works perfectly even as a pure SP experience.I love the Lovecraftian setting and how it's worked out, the writing is great, genius at times.If you want to give it a go, let me know your email address and I can send you an invite for a 72 hour tryout."
,Recommended,215280,8200517,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Official Overwatch Guy,"This is truly a unique MMO Considering the fact that there are no classes to be found, in this game, you build your own class. Pick a weapon type and level it up to equip better weapons of that type. You keep getting XP to level skills, and it challenging to choose the right ones. I would say if you got some free time to screw around, you should get it. It's cheap, and its a buy to play MMO, so your good!"
,Recommended,215280,1811670,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Gant,HUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE WE F2P NOW
,Recommended,215280,8274339,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mech3003,woot
76561197970812522,Recommended,215280,8311447,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Klintus Fang,"This game has a great theme, lots of content, excellent graphics, and solid gameplay.  It is pretty rough around the edges in some respects.  But it grows on you and keeps drawing you in.  The writing is excellent.  I also enjoy the fact that it is set in the modern day."
,Recommended,215280,8303857,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shiiro,"Love this game. It's really amazing, the graphics are kick♥♥♥♥♥ and I'd recommend this to all my friends~!"
76561198079670070,Recommended,215280,6929119,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Hunk,"That is really GOOD GAME. I was playing on PVE which allows all fractions together as team through in PVE. The Illuminati, Dragon and Templar will be together in quest as Main, SIde and Dungern in only PVE but wont allow to use together for fraction in Story Quest...  however PVP sucks bec of unbalance team.... so, overall, I really enjoyed this game so i recommended u to try this game... :)"
76561197993371160,Recommended,215280,8345645,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,crazydimond,"A fasinating game with strong story content.  The combat is a bit ""standard MMO"" but the character building, story and world make this a great game that is a change of pace from most MMOs"
,Recommended,215280,2684362,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,GaucheKipp (LSTP),"Just amazing, so much love for this <3"
,Recommended,215280,8243944,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,McChillen,Pretty sweet MMO RPG that will keep you playing for quite a while.. haha
,Recommended,215280,8386256,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Quess,"the quick questions:MMORPG: Yes, but a small player base, but personaly i like only having a few persons around when you are saving the world. it makes it easyer to feel that YOU are saving the world and not just another one down the same ride.TIme Line: real world, now and here. just with magic and creepy monsters. for the once that know Call of C.... you well see planty of that.leaning Curve: Steep at the beginning, the charater system is complitly Diffrent that what you have tryed befor. but on the flip side, there is no max level. so you well eventualy leand everything and every skill in the game.way i keep comming back to this game:it isthe only MMO that expects you to use the internet when doing some questes. it even have a ingame Browser for you to use. in one of the Questes i hade to look up the componet i wanted to repair on the internet in order to fix it ingame. ¨one you have payed fo the game it is Free to play. yes you get some benefits if you subscripe but they are minor and i you love the game there is a option for a single payment for a lifetime subcription if that is youre thing. if this game hase youre fancy. i sugest spending reading abit more about it around on the net. maby even get a layout for how you are gona build yuore character initially. yes you are gona make miskates but dont worry. no level cap remimber, you well get it all in the end.Good luck out there and welcome to The Secret World."
76561198032748161,Recommended,215280,8388026,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,masha,Interesting game. Definitely worth purchasing.
,Recommended,215280,8405283,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gundi McSalty,"One of the best MMO I played, that Ability Ring and system is gold."
76561198013457211,Recommended,215280,8407480,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,voloric,Great deal and nice atmosphere in the starting areas
76561198043936680,Recommended,215280,8393494,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wartortle,"TSW is a great game that deviates from the standard mmorpg guidelines. It's well worth checking out and I highly recommend it, particularly when it's on sale. I found the game very enjoyable, but a little on the harder end on the difficulty spectrum. For that reason, I played through the game with a friend, which added a lot to the gaming experience."
,Recommended,215280,8332420,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Arkalyn,I totally recommend this game! It's a lot of fun and the storylines and gaeplay are really cool. I only wish more people played it!!
,Recommended,215280,5752965,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,BStab,MEEEEEE
,Recommended,215280,8323211,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Yung Michael #Blessed,"I stopped playing after a week or so but that doesn't mean it's not completely loveable. This game will always have a nostalgic feel to it and its unique take on the world around you really is marvelous. The whole game feels like you really are a part of it. The RPG elements are more in-depth than that of any other MMO's I have encountered (which I have played a lot of them.) The graphics aren't the best but that means you don't need a great computer to run it, either.It's extremely in-depth when it comes to the class system, anyone can be anything and if you're only willing to try out one thing then you are going to have a hard time. Something many games fail at, making you feel like you're stuck to one job forever this game truly makes you feel like a part of you is deciding what to really do.Why did I stop playing? I took a break from gaming and didn't have anyone to play the game with so at times it felt like a single player MMO even after meeting people for some reason I just felt like no matter what I would be playing completely solo until end game which took a while to get to."
,Recommended,215280,5635216,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Vexkun,Good free mmo.
76561197994316625,Recommended,215280,1532396,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,bobkytten,"Lots of fun, with a really great story, an amazing, detailed setting and unique gameplay. However, it's also really, really buggy. The bugs haven't prevented me from playing it near constantly, though; they're easy enough to deal with."
76561198027404640,Recommended,215280,8291790,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,austeyre,"It combines my two fondest interests: video games and obscure knowledge.  What's not to love?  The investigation missions ensure that you don't spend the whole time just following arrows around to complete quests, which kept me interested far longer than any other MMO I've played, and the skill point system makes it feel less level-grindy.  Highly engaging and a lot of fun, would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,215280,8235980,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Purple,"You should play this game.  Stop reading and buy it, you are wasting time."
76561198038967532,Recommended,215280,8238767,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,centoni,this game is pretty cool nice puzzles to solve in the quest not a lvl race  no lvls in this game and you can be wwhatever class you want to be when you want to be it
76561198089465904,Recommended,215280,8241688,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TheMaskedFrost,Game is really fun. Glad I took advantage of the sale
,Recommended,215280,783816,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,Inky,"Did you enjoy mysteries ? Conspiracies ? The occult and all manner of unknown things ? Then you'll love this game.The Secret World (TSW) starts the player off in one of three factions - Illuminati, Templars and Dragon. Although the three factions are enemies, you'll find that you will all unite against the monsters within the game world - in fact, the only time the factions are relevant is in PvP.The storylines and characters are very well developed, and the puzzles in the game will require some thought, if not frequent trips to Google.There are plenty of in jokes for horror genre fans, but with plenty of humour. It is worth noting that the game is squarely aimed at mature audiences.A community is what makes/breaks a game, and you will find that most players will assist you with quests and puzzlesA quick word on the soundtrack - I normally turn the music off on all games, TSW has such a good sound track, I'm listening to it a week later.A well recommended game."
,Recommended,215280,8242613,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,mignotta,"Bar none one of the best pay2play MMO games ever.  The setting and how the story is blended with the quests is remarkable.  If someone were to see me playing the game they could easily mistake The Secret World for being a highly polished single-player experience.   Many times i replay quests for the sheer fun of playing through them.  The quests are almost always unique and the quest givers are always a treat (Sam Krieg and Nassir are just two of many favorites).That said TSW is not without its issues.  The main one for me is the sheer install size of the game.  Its massive so it compllicates things for someone with limited hard drive space.  The second gripe I have is the performance and loading times.  That isn't as much a mark against the game as such it's just a heads up that an SSD and a relatively beefy PC rig would be helpful in getting to the game faster.  Believe me, when I get to fiending for TSW a 40 gig download with 1+ minute load screens feels like eternity.  Again, I have a poor PC setup so your mileage will vary if you have a computer from this decade.All in all, my decision to skip TSW when it first released with its monthly fee setup was a huge mistake on my part.  I would have gladly paid $15 per month for this game.   If you can get the game on sale, wonderful.  If not, dont make the mistake I did and take a pass on the game for ""another time.""   Its worth it."
76561198078153526,Recommended,215280,8184905,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Zodiarch,"Pretty good game, had it reccomended to me by heaps of people.Loads of content, hours of fun and the option to extend gameplay with purchased extras, or stick with the base game."
76561198011329280,Recommended,215280,2702238,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Mathematical,"Let me say first I stopped playing MMO's a long time ago. The grind, the endless studying (mobs, dungeons, equipment, skills, etc.) and lack of entertainment were major factors. This game (from what little I've played) does not feel like a traditional MMO. The story is fairly well written, voice acting for almost every character (not Player Character), visuals, and a skill system that is fairly forgiving. Combat and controls are iffy at times but nothing horrible. Definately worth a look especially with no monthly charge. (Will ammend after extended play time.)"
,Recommended,215280,4845372,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Ragetrip,"Very good, and unique MMO. I play this one usually on a daily basis. It does have it's small issues, but it really is a great experience with NO monthly fee!"
,Recommended,215280,3237743,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,Gumshoe,Great MMO atleast i think so... Better then WoW atleast
76561197973727230,Recommended,215280,8951847,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Shaolen,"Welcome to the world beneath the normal world. Where all the strings are pulled by secret organizations, and every supernatural occurance is covered up by big brother. You play the part of a soldier in this cloak and dagger world.Are you in it for power and material wealth fueled by sex, drugs and Rockefeller - then join with the Illuminati.Are you more for tradition, and upholding what is good in the world - join with the Templar.Are you interested in calculated chaos, and rocking the boat - join with the Dragon.Great MMORPG with a single player focus. Everything isn't a fetch quest, each faction has a different story to tell, and you evolve how powerful your character will be.Great game, I highly recommend it!"
76561198041927321,Recommended,215280,8953150,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Fleshkiller,"I'm not going to give a big review; others have done already that. In my personal opinion it’s one of the best MMOs I have ever played. Since I purchase this game, I have become a potato (from Scorcher24 review of the game). I was drawn in and hooked after the first 15 minutes of playing it, to the point of not wanting to put it down. I give this game a 9/10 because of the bugs; but, what online games don’t have bugs? Yes, you will run into some lag from time to time, but it only last for few seconds; it’s far and between."
76561197995339533,Recommended,215280,1610019,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,I AM SINISTARRR,"Make people explode with maths and hit them with a lead pipe, then manually translate Morse Code after playing a 3d stealth platforming game. There's something for literally everyone."
,Recommended,215280,6202116,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,RodentofDoom,"Spookily atmospheric.'Mission Objective: Investigate the cellar' ..... but but but ... all the bad things happen in cellars, i don't want to go."
,Recommended,215280,2624519,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,LordTriton,"Secret World is a fresh take on MMORPG's, Today 95%  of MMO's are just fantasy and or WoW clone’s, and Around 4% are Sifi and or space based. The remaining 1% are truly original works and here is where Secret World falls. Now the percentages I have listed are just ball park percents but most all would agree there fairly correct.If you like Resident Evil yet prefer a MMO this one is for you, other than a linear main quest line (but show me a MMO that doesn’t have a  linear main quest line, there aren’t many) I haven't found much fault with this game. It has great graphics, a totally new take on charterer progression, great voice acting and story line.For $30 and no subscription,  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,215280,3689779,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Chicken With A Shotgun,This is a great game and the reason people complain about it is becuase it's different and requires skill. I would recommend this game to anyone who love a great mmo with unique world.
76561198010540673,Recommended,215280,2653145,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,JackK3000,"Trying ever solve puzzles by googling and then feel like a boss? One could only think: What a n00b! Try this, and even pro puzzler will be glad to search the intartubez. Feel the deep of true conspiracy under every your move and experience mysteries of the Worlds on your own skin. I mean it and I'm not mean inside..."
76561198036333428,Recommended,215280,9108085,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Chocoholic,"The most unique and captivating MMO I've ever played.Also, dat writing."
,Recommended,215280,9109837,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,VagabondEx,"It is a fairly slow paced MMO that requires more than just going around and hacking the monsters. I love the stories, the settings, and above all, the music. Definitely recommending it."
,Recommended,215280,9120429,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MrSaxon,"I purchased this game during the Steam Sale and it's one of the best recent decisions that I've made. ""The Secret World"" combines the atmosphere of the ""Silent Hill"" games with the open world mentality of an MMO, and all of the major mission chains have full cinematics and voice acting, immersing you in both the storyline and the game's universe. It also benefits from a Mature rating which means that they don't hold back, whether it's a possessed woman swearing at you whilst attacking with the tentacles which used to be her arms or showing a man being ripped open from the inside.At the time of this review, I've played just over thirty hours and have barely scratched the surface as I'm still in the game's opening area, attempting to unravel the mystery of what happened to the fog-shrouded town of Kingsmouth. As a big fan of H.P Lovecraft, I've fallen in love with this game of mentality-shredding monsters; there are some fantastic creations in here and I hear even Cthulhu might turn up at one point. The character progression is also quite interesting as you don't 'level up' as such; you merely earn points to increase either your skills or your abilities.Despite being an MMO, ""The Secret World"" is heavily geared toward solo play. This isn't to say that you won't meet others and possibly defend the world from evil together, but there are a lot of instanced levels where you'll be solving puzzles to advance the storyline. ""The Secret World"" even gives you an in-game browser to help you with those puzzles, allowing you to look up Latin translations or searching for fake websites created purely for providing puzzle answers. Or, I guess, even just looking for the odd walkthrough!At the moment, the player base is fairly small and it would be nice to see a few others take a chance on ""The Secret World"". There's a lot to love about this game and there really isn't anything else like it out there. I'm looking forward to trying out some of the expansions but, first of all, I have to head over to a shadow dimension and destroy the Bogeyman whilst freeing the souls of dead children. All in a day's work on ""The Secret World""..."
76561198020062557,Recommended,215280,9305817,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hetk,Cool game with all possibilitys
76561198122617457,Recommended,215280,9055532,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,ebmox,"actually very fun. I had heard some mixed reviews about the game, but imho, it's been the most fun since wow. The only problem is the population, which seems to be relatively small for a mmo."
76561198041514209,Recommended,215280,8942278,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,cynic,"If you're into dark storylines and mythology coming to life taken liberally from across all cultures (Native American, Egyptian, Cthulu, Slavic... you get the idea) then you're probably going to LOVE this game1: There is NO RESPEC OPTION, don't say you haven't been warned! That being said, there's no max on talent/skill points so you'll be able to pick up everything if you stick it out2: Crafting is a bit funky, based on patterns and is NOT explained too well ingame3: It's not a very populated gameIf you keep those three caveats in mind then TSW is well worth the $30. It goes on sale several times a year (which is how I got it) so, if in doubt wait for the sale and buy then"
,Recommended,215280,6787745,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,KolossalCC,get it...or get ♥♥♥♥ed
76561197993158221,Recommended,215280,9300525,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,mastergara_07,"I did some of my own research on this game including, on the reviews. If you have been softened by other MMOrpgs, or are tired of the grind this may be a game for you. of course if you have been softened by the other games move on.The game has a deep story line. if you like conspiracy theory, this game is definitely up your alley. The quests are not that bad, and if you like investigative stuff, yea you actually have to investigate. From what I can tell there are several types of quests, the standard storyline quest, the standard side quests, quests that are designed to be covertly done, investigative quests (which does require the in game browser, in most cases you can find a wiki that will spoil it for you BUT if you actively enjoy finding stuff and enjoy a challenge these quests are quite fun)Crafting? They got it. (I did notice an auction type area) but they only give you just enough crafting to get you going. I really think they had a good idea with the crafting but ""didn't want to be considered a crafting game” but you have raw materials you put them together and tada something pops out. there is a starter book in the starter area, and when you break down something you do get to see “how to make it” it is a bit hard to get the raw mats to do what  you want them to do quickly.Questing? Quickest way to do anything in my opinion.Grinding? Sure, if that is your thing, go right ahead...Classes? NOPE don't need em… if you want to shoot stuff, hack stuff, electrify stuff, magic stuff and hammer stuff go ahead, you can do it all.The game mechanic is a bit difficult, I would recommend a G600 mouse or a game pad for this one, could make for some crazy fun. Some of these quests are just down right nasty. For instance, I have been “hacking and slashing” my way along and BAM covert time... out of the blue. Pretty crazy.  From what I can tell all but the story quest and the investigative quests can be repeated, granted not right away but once the timer burns down... ""you like said quest? go ahead!”I also noticed no level and apparently no level cap…(but if you get the entire ability wheel and the skill chart… is one not max level?) SURE you get experience, there is an experience bar, but I have no idea what level I am, which kind of adds and interesting element to the game. one receives x amount of SP and x amount of AP per level (yea one of those exponential cost deals but it does stack quickly) there is an ability wheel and a skills chart that you input your AP and SP (respectively) The game is free to play… and with all FTP models they have a store, you can get some swag, power ups, pets, some helpful others not so much, and titles… yea that one is a weird one.I have yet to mess with the LFG / find group portal but it looks pretty grim in there. you put a post up, gives them your name, what you are dps, heals, tank. and you are now waiting for a group… one person had said that it might be easier to give general chat a try to get quicker groups, they may be right.I have yet to mess with the PVP aspect but it  seems pretty cut and dry KINDA open world ish…. well it effects world. If the factions are fighting for supremacy it lets you know in chat if your faction controls a majority of the areas you get better xp and the like. With a mechanic like this game, It may be more frustrating, meh the game has been around for awhile so you will probably run into some person that has the entire ability wheel locked down and needs one more sp to finish the last skill… but meh…I notice little to no chat going on in the first area, game sent me to Brooklyn to follow some npc (hence why I just hit covert town…) (no I didn't have to go right away..) chat picked up considerably. this is the pretty standard “give us your money” game, there is an apparent release of new content which is DLC etc. I noticed no “golden” weapons or armor on the in game store so it isn't too bad.it will take up my time for a bit, I wonder how far I will get... OH yes factions... three of them, two of which I have heard of and one that I had no idea was steeped in lore or even existed.yes take everything one knows about conspiricy theory make it real, release it on the population. bam.I am sure there is a million ways to manipulate the mechanic of the game I have only played 40 hours..."
,Recommended,215280,70232,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,Shinrazero,"A refreshing change of pace. Modern settings, Lovecraft insipired themes, and a dark atmosphere make for a unique MMO experience."
76561198046665186,Recommended,215280,8844417,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Fatal Pastry,"It's not for everyone, but this not so secret world is definately someplace you should visit. The lack of classes is pretty damn cool, MOST of the games systems are solid, and while it has plenty of questionable design descisions, I'm still playing it. I can't guarantee you'll love it, but for the ambition it has alone it deserves a try."
,Recommended,215280,10609504,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cyberjoek,"The Secret World is a very large MMO using a pay once, play forever model.  The additional content comes out somewhat sporadically but when it does its of high quality (side note: the new additional content is an extra charge).  The xp system goes out for years of play because its not a straight level progression -- every 40k XP you earn gives you another point that you can spend on skills or augments, skills can cost up to 50 points each and augment costs can go into the hundreds but that means there's always more to do.I highly recommend this game.  It's even better with a friend though."
76561198093793249,Recommended,215280,10620847,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,diamond.angelwings,"This is one of the best MMOs I've ever played.  It has a strong emphasis on story and fleshed out NPC characters.  The quests actually allow you to find out more about this deeply detailed world and draw you deeper within it.  It's more than just ""kill 5 monsters and bring me their heads"".I will say that without a guide it can be difficult to build a successful character, but thankfully there's all sorts to be found on the internet.  :D"
76561198012857209,Recommended,215280,10808815,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,B3yondDankness,"This is one of the most absorbing gaming experiences I've ever had. Great characters, great voice acting and above all a great sense of atmosphere. I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
76561197994358528,Recommended,215280,10812406,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Courage Wolf,The best MMO I tried so far in term of writing and atmosphere.For the first time I had quests that requires thinking instead of just running/killing X monsters.
,Recommended,215280,10933218,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrPureHorizon,"This game might might be old, but its still totally awesome!"
76561197964771889,Recommended,215280,12325723,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Asparagus P,"As a fan of Lovecraftian tales and horror in general, I loved the concept behind this game. A lot of it looks absolutely fantastic, and the story-telling is some of the best I've seen in not just MMOs, but games on the whole. At times, the game is fiendishly difficult when soloing, and there are occasional game-breaking bugs, but the community and developer support is strong, since you can tell the people involved genuinely care about the experience.It may not have the polish of some of the more mainstream MMOs, but I believe a little grime every now and then can add to a game's appeal."
,Recommended,215280,7303090,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,LemonYourAid,"Bought this game a year ago and now I'm back. Damn how I've craved to play this again. The quests are amazing, the storyline is incredible, and some of the puzzles that you need to solve are just brain stomping.This is game made for people 17+ and it shows in it's style. (No nudity, sorry pervs, but some characters are pretty damn sexy) This is exactly how MMORPG's should be for adult gamers. It's perfect in its execution. It's not a game you'll get immediately attached to, but grows on you slowly and innevidable draws you in.The dungeons are amazing, I love them. You can play them when they're difficult, or you can play them when they're easy. You never have to worry about the game being too hard or too easy, it seems to be right inbetween of whatever your style and the style of those around you.Trust me on this, if you're into Dark and Eerie themed games, solving mysteries that make you feel good when you solve them, and/or into games that just overall rule reguardless of their genre, this is the game for you. The game gives you so much control over who you are and can be that it's just one of those games that makes you feel at home, even if you're not.Take my advice, if you're low on money find it on sale and GRABGRABGRAB IT!"
76561198006573232,Recommended,215280,2379673,"Posted: 30 August, 2012",all,Warhawke,Totally awesome. Most underrated and underadvertised MMO ever created.
76561198071177763,Recommended,215280,6639947,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,LLew821,I LOVE this game *_*
,Recommended,215280,938852,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Speshul Memeflake,"At first glance the animations just make me want to cry, they are really really bad. Yet the MMO is decent because it offers a unique theme, great story telling and some quests actually take quite a bit of knowledge or research to solve. Though the combat is what I'd describe as clunky and non-convincing.So unless you love to explore the lore of the game, it really isn't worth paying a lot for in my opinion."
76561197970590902,Recommended,215280,12241503,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,moguri,"The thing I like least about this game is knowing that I probably won't ever get to see more than maybe a third of the content available for it. I'm not dedicated enough to it and I've only seen two of the dungeon instances but it's really nice to look at, well written and interesting.I mostly just run around being Buffy the Vampire Slayer, but."
,Recommended,215280,12251272,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Oni1,One of the better subscription free MMo's out there. Very original story and great gameplay. Only issue is finding people worth playing with. But overall the game is wonderful.
76561198090223108,Recommended,215280,9207535,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Yames,One of the best MMORPGs out there right now.Very fun and in-depth character creation since there are no classes-by end game you can be any role and use any weapon you'd like
76561198009230163,Recommended,215280,12224756,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,MrProzaKc,"The Secret World is a flawed gem. It is, however, the best MMO I have ever played, in my opinion. The balance between the solo aspects of play and the cooperative challenges is a very subjective thing in MMOs, and for me TSW hits it just right. Story-wise, it is enthralling, misterious, chock-full of dark humor and goosebump-inducing scenes. It is a true delight unveiling the obscure snippets of lore scattered throughout the world, not to mention the great mission story-arcs, given life by generally excellent voice acting and writing. The only game I can liken the solo TSW experience to is Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines. And that is truly high praise.Overall, the main strength of TSW is the narrative, followed closely by the tremendous freedom and versatility awarded by the classless (and peerless) ability system. It truly forges a powerful bond between player and character to be able to switch roles when needed in an MMO context. No need for alts here - one character, properly developed and geared, can handle any situation. It's wonderful.I could go on for hours on minutia, but I must say that the flaws of the game are truly unfortunate... TSW is poorly optimized and resource-hungry. This is by far most evident in PvP, where even on medium-low settings, a pretty good computer (i7, 8 GB RAM, 2 GB Video-RAM) will often yield under 25 frames/second, sometimes to such an extent as to make PvP unplayable. These problems are hugely exaggerated during special events, where Funcom's philosophy is to unleash enormous world bosses, needing over 100 players to defeat. It is not fun having to basically hack the game and disable a myriad graphic effects and functions, only to render the world bosses barely playable.The difficulty curve can be regarded as pretty steep, but the effort is well-worth it. Just a warning.I don't wish to speculate too much on the direction Funcom is taking the Issues (expansions to the original content and mechanics), but so far it doesn't seem that they're on a very good vector, simply because they're focusing a lot more on mechanics tweaks and aditions, while somewhat neglecting the main attraction TSW has to offer - immersion and narrative. It feels as if the game is becoming less of an MMO-RPG, and more a complex tactical and number-crunching grindfest. This is probably my main concern with TSW at the moment, but that's still not enough to keep me away.Give it a shot, it's truly in a leage of its own and a singular experience. For me, the pluses were enough to drown out the drawbacks."
76561198019446039,Recommended,215280,3244906,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Wise Old Man,I recommend because potatoes make a good meal for fruits in Nigeria because im a NIgerian Prince ty for listnindo yew evn lift?♥♥♥♥
76561198001963605,Recommended,215280,2081346,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Pen-Pen,"Have really enjoyed this, If you're looking for something a bit different from your standard mmo's this might be up your alley. Most quests feel fleshed out and significant, Npc's with real character. However the game can be a bit more on the difficult side with quests that make you think and some rough enemies if you dont pay attention, so may not be for all."
76561197970739839,Recommended,215280,11232521,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Famine,"Fun game, with lots of flexibility for playstyle. your gear has no effect on your appearance, and you can look however you want- although some of the clothing choices need acheivements to unlock, while other outfits can cost a half-million in-game currency to buy from the vendors. still others would need real money, but its a valid approach to monetizing a game.the monetezation of this game is done reasonably well, and you only really have to pay for content (new missions), of which only issue #9 is what i would consider mandatory for play in the long run. the game also gives you enough bonus points to get one of the issues for free (you should get #9 the black signal). most of the other choices for spending money are vanity (clothes, pets, ect) or mid-game equipment.there is a lot of mechanics from WOW that are very visible in this game, mainly in how groups work with loot rolls, and running back to your corpse. on the upside, you only take 10% equipment damage per death, and some types of death dont count for this.downsides to the game- the UI is kind of crap, a lot of features are counterintuitive, and the later zones have lower quality research missions compared to the newbie zone. there is too much platforming in some parts of the game- some quests mandate being able to make a tricky jump just so, without falling. some boss fights use cheap tactics where you must do X or else you die. also some bugs cause the game to crash, and sometimes the servers will DC you for no reason.overall a good game with a few bugs. its 2 years old now, with a decent community if you look for it. once you reach the end of the issue 9 storyline it gets a bit grindy for gear, but this should take over 200 hours of play to reach. and best of all? you can join a group with anyone, regardless of server or faction."
,Recommended,215280,11234058,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ron.e.nelson,playstyle is interesting (and unforgiving). but what really sets this MMO apart is the storylines and voice work.
,Recommended,215280,8748211,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sgt. Cake,"Not very good in my opinion, I prefer more of a click to shoot/attack not a hotbar that you have to use your number keys to attack with. But over time I think I'll get used to it.EDIT* Okay now I am kinda getting drawn back to it cause its kinda addicting."
,Recommended,215280,8762404,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Al Iguana,"Kind of reminds me of Vampire The Masquerade a bit, it terms of atmosphere. Better modern day graphics though.Good:When you're following clues, solving puzzles, trying to work out how to grab a security camera from a roof you can't get up onto, delving into the story.Bad:fighting zombies. and more zombies. or fighting anything really. Combat feels really clunky. If you're buying this game because you like MMO combat and raids etc.. erm.. not sure. I see people rushing around, shooting things with dual weapons, not really reading clues or listening to conversations. It feels like they're playing a different game to me. This is more roleplay, reading, puzzle solving imo. Anyway.If you can get used to the controls, the bazillion windows for stuff, the way combat works, its worth getting and playing. If you want a game you can just jump into with your friends and go off on missions killing stuff, get Left4Dead or something."
,Recommended,215280,8766172,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Transcend2030,"I'm not normally one for MMOs, but this game has drawn me in. I've tried Defiance and a brief look at Rift, but this game has plenty of more interesting story and character customisation to keep me interested for the long term. The UI is easy to use and navagate. So far a very pleasant experience. I love deep story line and additional quests. This looks like it has heaps of depth to keep me going."
76561198057297719,Recommended,215280,8743997,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Unamused Link,Controls take a bit of getting used to but otherwise I love this game.
76561198027922593,Recommended,215280,8744845,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ian,"This is really good game, especially if you are a fan of some good quests that require some logical thinking to finish. On the other hand if you want to get into it a bit more you should definitely play with few people ( at least 4, for first dungeons) to get most out of early experience. I do recommend this game if you already played other MMO's as this is a different look at the genre."
,Recommended,215280,8744953,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Leiwaan,Tesselation: The MMO.
,Recommended,215280,8748424,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,LecherousGoat,Fantastic gameplay! Really easy to jump into. Easy learning curve for non-MMO players.10/10
,Recommended,215280,8751021,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JabbeRWockY,awesome game
,Recommended,215280,8712903,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,TwoBit,"I Subcribed to this game up until this went fee2pay. I havent played much after, but the setting is one of the most orignal. The whole world is full of story, a lot of it so deep it had me guessing if it was part of a quest or if it was part of a quest or just back story.But one of the best parts of this game is that i was halfway to the level cap by only doing non-combat missions, because they were more fun."
76561198013626185,Recommended,215280,2854887,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,Awesomer,"all i can say is im hooked, a great mmo in real world locations during apocolyspes and whatnot, suck a refreshing change from orcs and wizards, there is no ""lvl ups"" just unlimited progression tell 1 character has every skill in the game, (so many different rolls and combinations of builds) i personally really recomend this if u want an mmo that has new ideas"
76561198006408961,Recommended,215280,8449198,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,phoenixdoll,"The Secret World is an awesome MMO.Really good voice acting, interesting missions (there are stealth missions and missions with puzzles that require actual thought) and a really interesting leveling /combat system.  Basically this is a game where you get to pick your own abilities and make your own combos, and that's really refreshing.The character customisation is pretty good so far, too."
76561198025054242,Recommended,215280,3590694,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Turtlefemm,"The atmosphere, sound effects, music and the numerous cutscenes in this game combine to make it a fantastically immersive experience for me.  I love the fact that I can explore and complete missions in a vast landscape without having to rely on other players constantly to get through things.  Some missions even require the player to research outside the immediate game for clues and it has its own built in web browser with which to do that.  The npc dialog is engaging and there are many different types of npc characters,  none of which sound like they are reading from a script when they speak. I value that a lot, since badly acted dialog can yank me right out of that immersive feeling when I'm playing a game.Players can choose from one of three factions when they create their character, all of which are human. It is sort of refreshing not to be innundated with choices of elves and dwarves and other mythical creatures as a ""hero.""   Each faction starts the game in a different area, before moving on to to investigate the goings on in Kingsmouth, a fictitious New England town.Overall, the atmosphere coupled with the necessity to use both brain and brawn to get through the missions makes for a great game and its well worth the price I paid for this MMO."
,Recommended,215280,8538874,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,smiles,"I'm loving this game soooo much!  The Secret World's an MMO for adults - meaning that it's not mindless.  I love the fact that I get to learn more random facts!  The graphics quality is pretty good, too.  My computer just gets a little angry if I play for too long.  I'd recommend the game, and I'll keep playing it myself!"
76561198028005042,Recommended,215280,8462877,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,- andytarr,I can't stop playing.
76561198086070956,Recommended,215280,8463620,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Maniacle,This game is the breath of fresh air i been looking for for a long long time now if youre tired of the same old level grind Wow copycat garbage thats been around this is the game for you i am in love :) thankyou Funcom finaly someone willing to try something different for once.
,Recommended,215280,8463929,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jewlz,"So First let me say this game like all mmorpgs....is addictive. It's interesting how techincally there ""aren't levels"". But the fact of the matter is there are levels. If you've been playing the game for a while you will obvious be stronger then those that just start. Now there are also several different types of quests in this game. (Dungeons do exist) But we should focus on are the ""investigative quests"". They are a pain. You will actually need to investigate and I mean look on the wikipedia, go on certain websites, even read music, and bible verses. But the accomplishment you feel almost makes it feel worthwhile when you complete it....almost. The controls are pretty easy even though you kind of have to figure out some of them on your own. Like how changing from battle stance to running is x. Or how t changes the style of movement. But other then that this games a lot of fun! A pain at times. But fun :D"
,Recommended,215280,2727112,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,altimitmine,"This is a great MMO that is more modern than most. The setting is modern-day, rather than fantasy or historic. One great feature is you only pay once. Once you purchase the client, you do not have to pay a monthly fee to enjoy the game. I'd definetely recommend picking it up."
76561198015401337,Recommended,215280,8465837,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Evendel,"As far as I've played this is an amazing game if you like a fairly free-form, open world, do as you please MMO.  There are no restrictions on what you can play or how you play except your own skill level and how many abiliy points you spend to get yourself there.  The focus on conspiracy theory and the paranormal aspects of Lovecraftian horror set this game a world apart from anything else I've ever played."
,Recommended,215280,8466198,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Striv,"A very fun MMO, I remember looking forward to this game for years with a friend of mine. I've owned it since it first came out and I still play it. It is a great game, very diffrent and a cool way of doing an MMO."
76561198035680604,Recommended,215280,8466478,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,michaelt91,"TSW is an interesting game, the only real problem that I've had with it is that it is hard to play solo in the wildness at times"
76561198027187881,Recommended,215280,8610755,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Shamona,"If you play this game you should be a Champion. Any other outfit is boring, stupid, and wrong."
,Recommended,215280,8432560,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Eternal Demise,"I haven't played this game for too long, but what I have played has been very enjoyable. If you're looking for a WoW clone, this is not it. It is far more in depth, and requires more strategy to play.If you feel you've messed up your character, all is not lost. You can redo missions, after a certain amount of time, to gain more AP and SP. Given enough time, you can unlock all of the skills and abilities in the game. This isn't a hand-holding game, but it doesn't punish you for your mistakes. It will just take some time to fix those mistakes.If you're looking for a new MMO, and aren't afraid of a little challenge, I completely recommend getting into TSW."
76561197998215809,Recommended,215280,8436809,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,renton_13,"I distantly watched the launch of this game a year and a half ago but never bothered to jump in.  What a mistake.  This is a criminally underrated game.  Funcom does themselves no favors by promoting this game so little.  The Secret World(TSW) has some of the best questing and stories I've ever seen in an MMO.  If you like your games to have a well done, engaging story, this is definitely an MMO worth checking out.Having said that, TSW isn't perfect.  The ability wheel is overwhelming for new players and it can lead to an very frustrating early game experience.  Research on the TSW forums can pretty easily alleviate this.  The biggest negative is the end game activities in TSW.  It's very grindy.  The best gear can only be obtained by grinding dungeon currency and random drops from those dungeons are inferior to the currency items resulting in a very grind focused end game.As a buy once play forever type of MMO the value is excellent and even if the end game isn't your thing, the missions and story are worth the price of this game alone."
76561198065902935,Recommended,215280,8635583,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,ParanoidAndr0id,"One of the best MMO´s on the market atm. The quest system is really impressive, alot of lore and achivements. It takes some time to get used to the interface and the skill system. The craft system is really nice once you get the hang of it.I can recomend it to people who have alot of time to spare, and to the casual player who just want to play one or two hours a week. 5/5"
,Recommended,215280,6551640,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,jonesm63,its half off u should pick it up
,Recommended,215280,7955654,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Spence,"When the game first released, we (TENtv) weren't fans...however, with the advent of the pay-to-own system (pay once, no subscription required), as well as improvements to decks and some decent storyline fixes, the game has come a long way.  Early-on PVP still sucks, but can be overlooked as one 'levels' and gains more gear/abilities....and actually becomes somewhat enjoyable.  Purchased during one of the discount blasts, and was worth the 15.00 USD."
76561198010248360,Recommended,215280,12304604,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Joined the game,"One word. Investigation. Well they're investigation missions. So er... TWO WORDS. Investigation missions  require a lot of thought and are a really interesting feature in the game. Sometimes they can be incredibly difficult and require you to use the in-game web browser to literally search the web for clues. There are certain sites that are built for the game itself. Bios of murder victims etc. If you don't like spending time actually using your brain then just google the answers online and bathe in the light of your betters. The Secret World is the break from traditional hack and slash MMORPGs that we've been waiting for. If you are a fan of the table top game World of Darkness, Call of Cthulu or anything along those lines then you will enjoy The Secret World."
,Recommended,215280,12921298,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Joel,"Add 500 hours to my playtime for what I played on a retail disc copy - that is, before buying it AGAIN on Steam for DLC - and you start to get a pretty good idea of just how much engaging & worthwhile content is in this game.Spoilers: I've barely made a scratch on end-game content."
76561198045453791,Recommended,215280,13078439,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,zz360NOSCOPENOSWAGzz,"I'm digging this game a lot. The content/story/lore is strong and I like exploring each area to see what it has to offer. After about 100 hours, I haven't run out of things to do. I think I'm nearing the end of the story though.This is a very single-player-friendly MMO - I haven't really had to group up for anything yet. So if you're looking for a super social MMO, this may not be it. For relaxing single player stuff though, it's by far the best MMO I've played. Haven't dug into the dungeons or PvP yet, so not sure how that is. But just doing quests while wandering around is pretty satisfying.The combat doesn't feel very satisfying, but after more skills and getting more weapon skills maxed out, I've started tinkering with builds more. The deck building is very nice, and reminds me a lot about the flexible system Guild Wars had for equipping skills. There's a lot that you can do with the 7 active and 7 passive slots, so that looks promising. Far more satisfying than the build diversity in Guild Wars 2. But the actual combat is pretty mediocre. Hits aren't impactful, positioning is pretty trivial, and most of the enemies act in pretty similar ways. The combat is not the highlight of the game.One other little thing that I like about TSW is the inventory/crafting stuff. I can handle pretty much everything on the fly without going back to a town or hub. One thing that irritated me about a lot of MMOs is that my tiny inventory would constantly fill up and I'd have to stop doing what I was doing to go sell/salvage/store/craft stuff. Lame. In contrast, in TSW I was able to easily/cheaply expand my inventory to ~120 slots (200 looks like the max, but expansions get more expensive) and I've had plenty of space despite picking up everything I see. Being able to disassemble stuff I don't want into parts and reassemble them into useful stuff is nice too. Really, it's just nice to not have a frustrating inventory system to struggle against.IMO, this one is well worth checking out if only for a stroll through the PvE story stuff. The rest of the MMO stuff and endgame is a nice bonus if you're into that."
,Recommended,215280,13064479,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Baraz - Siriel,"I have not played a lot, but I did like my experience, mostly because many quests require to think, search, and are intriguing (a very very rare quality I find).Combat is not my taste and skill system is nice but feels incomplete.Many cool character visuals and customizations.I have not tried the PvP.If you lack money, I don't think it is the best MMO you can get for 30 $ (current price).  Otherwise, if you like questing, it's good."
76561197979095986,Recommended,215280,12965651,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sgt. Rock,"Had to give this one some time. Graphics arent bad, gameplay is similar to WoW, but with more of a focus on gunplay than fairys and trolls, and least so far. Second character now, making more sense. Interesting story, really like the world tree concept, opens it up for a lot. First major mission- Zombies.Overall if you are looking for an MMO but dont like fantasy, Id say give this a try. Nighttime player base seems to be fairly decent. There doesnt seem to be anyone on at other times, almost playerless. This game is a grinder, though, no doubt about that. Not much for instruction on crafting and stores dont seem to sell anything worth buying."
,Recommended,215280,13086887,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,gnomepickle,"The setting and subject matter are very unique and incredibly interesting. It's pretty much a standard MMO underneath so if you like playing Guild Wars, WoW, etc you'll probably enjoy the gameplay.Also since the subscription fee is optional you can play a little or a lot without killing your bank account. I'd recommend picking it up on sale."
76561197999082861,Recommended,215280,13031343,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DSruptor,"Incredibly engaging story and great mood in the first couple of areas. Never have quests been so engaging and after a while I realised I never skipped any cut scenes.This game has some of the best characters and story out of any game ever - including single player RPG's. Im seriously saying that this is in some ways better than Mass Effect or Skyrim when it comes to character depth and story.Well worth getting just for the solo content, if you happen to get sucked into the group stuff that is just an added bonus."
76561197976327256,Recommended,215280,13031776,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Korosu,"Great game, very fun and interesting story lines. Creepy just the way I like it. The modern day feel makes it really stand out from all the other MMOs that are mostly fantasy based. And the character wheel makes it so you can have really any playstyle and enjoy the game and progress. The forums and player base are very helpful and are willing to help out with missions, or instances. Overall I give this game about a 80/100"
76561198006065978,Recommended,215280,13012329,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,★ Sizwe Bansi,Good literature. Good gameplay.
76561198057871352,Recommended,215280,13012602,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Powder Toast Man!,"Love Lovecraft, and love this game."
,Recommended,215280,13183464,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,☭✯Brother Oleg✯☭,Interesting and attention  grabing game. Interesting open world full of different creatures and quests.
76561198020885311,Recommended,215280,12318245,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,scribemike,"Easily one of the best game purchases I've ever made.  It's not perfect, but it's pretty close mechanics-wise and the stories, voice acting, and characterizations are phenominal.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,215280,1403284,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,skyknyt,"If you've never dreamed of dressing up like a princess and murdering eldritch horrors, I'm not sure I really want to know you."
76561198045171272,Recommended,215280,12629593,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Mofomilkman,Awesome....and scary
,Recommended,215280,4613145,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Coconut Starship Forever,"One the best MMO ever played. Good quest, nice community at a cheap price!"
,Recommended,215280,12218746,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,8E's,"Though mildly dissapointed that as an illuminati member there's a distinct lack of Rappers to corrupt and no Alex Jones to irrately persue our nefarious deeds, I quite enjoyed this game. Ok game."
,Not Recommended,215280,15085522,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bibncent,can i just get a dab?
,Recommended,215280,3049987,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,H 4 R 4 M B 3,"Fantastic storytelling, best quests I've seen in an MMO by far, overall decent systems and good PvE content (I hear the PvP is also fun, but haven't gotten into it yet) - thumbs up, worth a buy!"
76561198285865593,Not Recommended,215280,21526102,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,tina_violet,"I orginally gave this a very good rating, but now after playing for awhile and nearing end game I need to revise that.  For the  price it is a very good bargain considering all the DLC and the game is enjoyable to play alone or with friends.  Now somethings can be placed at the designers doorstep and will be part of my rating.  Other things the designers cannot control, but I will note here, concerning the so called elitist you find in any game, when you reject a friend for a dungeon mission with an excuse they are not ready and need to grind more, but will accept me  with an identical build, just my weapons and talismens are level 10 purple and she was level 10 green it tells me your not a elitist, your a snob.  A game is meant to be fun, and done mostly for enjoyment.  So for other users out there, never accept the elitist who turns you away, just repost and found another group for dungeon missions.Now for why I am lowering my rating, the storyline is one of the best I have ever seen in a MMO, for the most part even with the interface being a bit dated it is still very playable and most missions are fun as well as challaging.  The problem comes in near end game to progress in the game you must complete sections before moving on to the next one, no problem there and is standard in most all games.  The problem is near end game the missions become a bit buggy, in one case I had completed the mission and was waiting for the last part to finish, five minutes later I am still standing there waiting.  All the swarms of attackers are killed off and I am still standing there waiting for five minutes, so I put in forin-game support  detailing what has happened, twenty minutes later still standing there and no word from a GM.  Sign off and return 2 hours later still no word from a GM.  So I backtrack and rerun that last step so I can complete the mission this time it works a few seconds after killing the last attacker it finished the mission.  So I now move on to another mission, signed off and returned later, now I have a message from a GM saying sorry they missed me in-game and the mission I re-ran to finish is now showing paused at that last step, so the GM reset it and now I need to re-run it a third time just so I can write it off, not very good customer service on that one.  I also find at times for no appearent reason my health in-game just drops to a dangoues level with an attacker who just does not have that big a hit, so again another buggy mission after the last update.So where I gave this a five star rating before and recommend it as a must play game, I now lower it to three stars due to poor respond times by GM's and updates that introduce buggy code.  Would I recommend it, yes, but not as a must have the game is fun, but it is starting to show it's age in both members and content.  One DLC The Venetain Agenda is both a wast of time and money, just a slash and dash repetatively, that has no storyline and becomes boring fast the designers would be better off with this as a side mission for those who like this type of content and not a addition to the DLC storyline that acts as a roadblock to progession."
76561198114650828,Recommended,215280,22683629,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,arenzo987,"Definatly one of my favorite games. Is exceptional as far as story telling goes and is infact kinda creepy but in a beautiful way. Had alot of fun, however finding people to play with and group up with is hard and what makes this worse is the fact that after a certain point its impossible to solo qust this game with out groups. With that said the questing system is probably the best any MMO has to offer. I felt immersed into the questing system and they somehow made quests fun and unique without being to grindy or monotonous. I wish I could say this about other MMO titles. If your thinking about delving into this one make sure your a social gamer with the support of a group of friends then Id say you cant go wrong. Also dont try PVP its definatly not fulfilling, however solving the mysteries and the quests make up for it. Also be aware that some content has to be paid for like certain quests later on in the game, yea I know kind of a drag."
76561198172018205,Recommended,215280,24263701,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,chunkymonkey256,Very nice game. Some minor bugs. Love the difficult/esoteric knowledge puzzles.
76561198024856273,Recommended,215280,24345435,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,yozh69,"The ideas presented in this game and the handling of both secret societies and conspiracy theories combine to produce a game that is both action-packed and intellectually appealing.  With no reservations, I highly recommend playing The Secret World.  It's unlike any other gaming experience.  The Secret World players you'll meet online are a unique, unparalled group of folks who add another amazing dimension to this outstanding game."
,Recommended,215280,24309634,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Sevarack,"Do you like conspiracys? If so this game will put a buttplug in that special play just for you! Theres the illuminarti theres da templars and the tree men and winmen. Game preety gud, Has in game browser. (Gud for so sexy time( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°))"
,Not Recommended,215280,23524546,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Delosari,Relaunch version of they game which included wiping characters.
76561198008466385,Recommended,215280,24713958,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TV's Russ,"This game has kept me captivated for a very long time.  Yes it is a difficult game that requires research, testing, strategy, and smarts.  There is no level system, but rather you have access to all abilities and skills (300+) in the game.  It is relatively gear based, but only so far as to help support the ""build"" you are using.Build in this case is how you have set up your character using 7(8) active skills and 7(8) passive skills.  Understanding how the passive skills affect the active skills is critical in this case.  I use a Penetration build, so a majority of my passives apply a dot on the enemy when I penetrate, a HoT on me, or increase overall damage.The story is well done.  Every main quest and story quest has a small cutscene to support it, adding life to the world.  Sure there are better stories out there, but for an mmo it doesn't get any better than this.  Choices you make have an impact later in the game.Dungeons are incredibly challenging, even more so if you are appropriate for the challenge rating.Community is the highlight.  Everyone has been super helpful and supportive.  Easily one of the best communities in any mmo out there.All in all I give this game an 8/10.  It's a lot of fun, and always keeps me coming back for more.  Could use some more detailed tutorials to help the steep learning curve, but it's a truly fantastic game!"
76561198038778041,Recommended,215280,24526734,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,nithnalac,"Great game,  very deep character customization, very nice storyline and quests in general, great places to explore."
76561198033769187,Recommended,215280,24469615,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DJ,Pretty fun
76561198124827566,Not Recommended,215280,25203690,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,LanaLewis,"I stumbled across this game just looking for a new MMO. I fell in love. Still playing daily for nearly two years now. Great community, great atmosphere, love the content.Except what I reviewed was The Secret World, not Secret World Legends, and I found yesterday after 7000+ hours in this game, that there will be no further support for The Secret World or the toons I put 7000+ hours into, and that IF I WANT TO CONTINUE PLAYING, I have to completely start over from scratch. Changing their name in Steam to reflect reviews of their NEW UNRELEASED game, by taking reviews from the loyal players they screwed over seems really shady to me."
,Recommended,215280,553656,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Bigslice85,"Great MMO.  Highly recommended, thought it can be a bit difficult to stay on track with the number of quests out.  The overarching story can be a bit winding, so if you're easily distracted, this game isn't for you. As it turned out for me, I got distracted and then didn't know what the heck was going on."
,Recommended,215280,24062936,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,WaySeeker,"A lot of thought and heart and work went into this!... but ... if you haven't played in awhile, you'll forget what to do.  Well, it's the same with starting the game as well, because it doesn't do a very good job helping you ""gear up"" so to speak.You need to constantly gear up because 1) you will find yourself solo a lot of the time, good luck having people on when you are on and when they are, taking time out to help you simply because you are underpowered and cannot survive a simple mob!2)  You need to be geared up to your best so that you can help out in a group when you DO get the chance to be in one.  Otherwise you are going to be confused, frutstrated, have the rest ofhte group berate you, and be forced to force-quit from the anxiety.  Then good luck on trying to go in that dungeon again!It has a great map and helps show y ou where to go and what things you can do next.  Great hub areas.  Lots of collectables and achievements.  The best ""class"" system in any game ever!  But even this could use a bit more guiding , especialy if you haven't played the game in awhile and you aren't sure what you have and what you could use to be better.I have also noticed game-harming bugs.  In the game, ou can use the built in browser to hunt for clues (this is such a great idea!) .. but the thing is expecially in the very first levels the material is so old the websites NO LONGER EXIST!  That's right, the game is right now in a place where they have not bothered keeping up those necessary websites but tey still have you do the puzzles!  Why don't they, I don't know, keep those sites up or CHANGE THE PUZZLES?  You only find this out by being stuck and thinking it's YOUR FAULT!  That is not fair. So then you have to hunt down a guide and there you are unable to beat the game by playing the game.At the start of July 2016 I am trying to play the gme again and I found a gamebreakin gbug I ... just don't understand.  It seems I left a quest where I did what it wanted and I have to turn it in.  I get to the NPC .. but with no way that i can see to actually turn it in!  WTF?I'm more than willing to admit that it's probably just me, that my brain is borked or something.  And I am just unable to play games like i used to.  Therefore I am sure a lot of you wil love this game as is!  I just don't like the overly-complicated way to be able to be strong enough to play.  And the lack of people.  And the bugs ... especially the ones that have the research sites GONE but still expect you to research sites in order to get the answers.I haven't given up, and you can see I have 150 hours on record.  I just wish I had more guidance in gearing up and could group more.I reccomend the game because the good is really good!!!"
76561198050089909,Recommended,215280,24108098,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,arkelian,"Not much of a secret, I saw many other people. We're all just running around going ""shhh...."" Yeah, play it."
,Recommended,215280,24095147,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Atli,Great atmosphere and mechanics.
76561198000907841,Recommended,215280,24089617,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Reigo 141,...me like it...alot :D
76561198094051510,Recommended,215280,24182682,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Rygyr,"The Secret World was introduced to me by a friend. So far I have found it to be immersive, the game it self was inspiring with the introduction of Investigative missions and the format these are handled.The Combat system was interesting to start with but the transition between combat weapons is a fantastic way to develop a unique playstyle.I have enjoyed the issue's to date - getting to Egypt and was happy to buy all the additional content to continue my gameplay experience."
76561198121213303,Recommended,215280,24171521,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,omfgchaos,"Wonderful for people who like puzzles, lots of problem solving. Really fun to play, but easily gets ""depressing"" after a while. All pretty dark subject matter that you have to be in the mood for. Tons of content though and it's pretty well made."
76561198012840731,Recommended,215280,24180415,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,avasort,"I do not know how the game was in the early games. I am just beginning my journey.Yes, that's what it is all about: Exploring. Every single detail is thrilling. I find it highly impressive and of all the MMOs I've seen, the most original, being the least copy-cat to WoW (which in turn stole from Everquest and so on)To details: You choose your role ingame, so you enter as a generic character. So the  three-slot-limit (across ALL servers) shouldn't hurt. But as there are three distinctive factions with differing story lines, and a great way of visually customizing your char I guess it will hurt.To this point it feels very much like a solo game. Although exploring the world together should be even more fun.Character build seems complex though I am not very much into that now.Great voice acting with every even slightly important NSC help creating an awsome atmosphereBottomline is, I am awfully impressed and I have to go back to the game right now :)Glad I bought my ultimate edition on steam sale last week for 16 Euro for having experienced the game now, I'd feel compelled to shell out 54 Euro today ;)Since writing this review yesterday the game has grown on me even more... One reviewer said, ""it's like playing Sherlock Holmes in a Cthulhu-World killing Zombies."" Yeah, but as a dual sword/AK47-wielding Ninja-marine Sherlock!Those Zombies are scary...and fast! Luckily I am scaryier and faster :)"
,Recommended,215280,10109823,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Mr Fox,"great game, worth playing. hard to get your head around so give it some time and read up on how to build classes"
76561197972329496,Recommended,215280,10434878,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Silent Shadow,"Awesome! I was holding off purchasing this game because I couldn't test it out first and didn't know anyone who played it, but I'm SO glad I took the risk. I enjoy the difficulty of the puzzles (usually in the investigation missions), the amalgamation of various mythologies (Lovecraftian horror, secret societies, vampires, etc.), and the design of the character/class system. Definitely recommend this to anyone who likes 3rd person shooter/MMO/RPG/story-driven games."
76561198051606561,Recommended,215280,5542129,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,Smooking,fun game to play with friends but very stiff combat
,Recommended,215280,9348088,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,JackieFinch csgolive.com,♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,215280,1359777,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,milath,"Very different from most modern MMO's. Not perfect. Fighting system could definitely be better, but it does have an interesting classless skill system, a truly interesting story with horror elements and great environments and a genuinely difficult puzzle system (if you don't cheat and look up the answers via Google, at least). Overall a very fun game and definitely worth checking out now that the subscription fee is optional. Give it a try!"
,Recommended,215280,9791148,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Anorak,It's pretty fun. not worth the $30 though. Wait until another sale or price drop unless you're desperate to play it
,Recommended,215280,9760497,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Sparkinator,"Try going back to World of Warcraft after playing this, you will see how much hand holding they do in MMOs.My favorite MMO due to it's genius design and addictive gameplay.10/10 Now Buy!"
,Recommended,215280,9764435,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Hodor,Probably one of the most challanging and interesting games I have ever played. ALL the quests require actual though and knowledge. And the mere fact that this is set in the modern world is awesome. There is just something awesome about being a guy in a hoodie and jeans slaying zombies and monsters with a sword.
76561197999756035,Recommended,215280,9718111,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,RandomDouche,its pretty awesome
76561198052034956,Recommended,215280,10709241,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Matapocalypse,"Notably underrated, original MMO. Recommended to anyone with an interest in folk myths or conspiracy theories."
,Recommended,215280,10746112,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Siim Land,I dont know of any other game that has such a thrilling and deep story than TSW. What if lacks in combat and mechanics it makes up with the story. Also the theme is very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome. Illuminati and templars are awesome and Funcom has made it so easy to get lost into solving mysteries what sometimes take ages to crack. This game is like a revived but modern version of the old hardcore RPGs which were hard as hell. Definately would recommend this game and its only buy-once-play forever so i dont see any downsides to this.
76561197997238224,Recommended,215280,7498992,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Yllems,"I like that you can eventually do anything/everything skill wise.  They have really well done quests, I particularly enjoyed the puzzle quests that don't hold your hand.Really, I enjoyed the game for the most part until my tank build char didn't do so hot in my first instance. I also was a bit disappointed that it seemed that some form of undead are all you really fight."
76561198034409261,Recommended,215280,10578396,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CrazyDogLady,"Awesome MMO, but definitely not for people that are expecting WoW with zombies.  If you're looking for a game where you can customize your character beyond the simple ""when I level up, I can pick this talent or this one,"" and if you'd like to play something that isn't in a fantasy setting for once, give it a shot.  You have to do your research about how to build a viable character, but the information is easily available online, and the people in-game tend to be helpful.  This isn't a game for people who want a simple, class-based ""level up and raid for loot"" sort of game, but if you're looking for something different in an MMO, and you like Lovecraftian horror with Stephen King references, this is definitely worth it."
76561198038791882,Recommended,215280,7678286,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Daddy Trump Regime,I highly reccomend this game as i am into myths and urban legends this game seemed to have put both of them together along with a skill tree that has a great feel and personal customization mele magic and range you level your skills not level your character which is really great way to make people have a feel for the game not just breeze through it i personally like the game your not confined to one skill you can have them all eventually so have fun and play some
,Recommended,215280,10856941,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Alesi Brocl,"ok if you like rpgs and mythical type games, then just get this. its just good. hard at times, but still really good, armors have no rates so if you get a set that looks cool you can keep it forever and it wont change your stats. theres not even classes you basiclly pick a weapon ( magic, guns, or mele) which all have 3 sub weapons, for ex. guns have pistols, shotguns, and assault rifles... oh you can also get a horse hats for money... i like horse hats..."
76561198000756022,Recommended,215280,9838219,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,smoothop453,Awesome game! Great story and characters in a modern setting. Can't go wrong with fighting demons with shotguns
76561198069806672,Recommended,215280,10860595,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tannim,"I say give it a try, not your avg MMO, feels like a singleplayer game with CO-OP added in"
76561198063278079,Recommended,215280,10861365,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Foode,Such wow. very amaze
76561197978519517,Recommended,215280,10850224,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Krayziee,"This game is so freaking awesome, not gonna go into details but I play this daily, its great how the skills work and all the content it holds!"
76561197979368170,Recommended,215280,10852730,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Timberfire117,This is a very very immersive game and well worth anyones time and price of just admission alone. It may not have at times the best combat but with the target mode it fixes that somewhat with key binds. Other thent hat its a must have in your library.
76561198069503923,Recommended,215280,7309303,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Lukey,THE best MMO I have ever played!
76561197994780017,Recommended,215280,1562889,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Azure Dynamix,"Well Recommended. Excellent Quests and clearing things to do for them, nice horror atmosphere, good gameplay."
76561197995575437,Recommended,215280,10874994,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hunterkira,"Amazing game, can be really hard at times but worth every penny i paid for it and will continue to amuse me for a long time!"
,Recommended,215280,10763590,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Unstable Canadian,"Fun F2P mmo that has a really great story - a rarely seen modern setting, decent voice acting and a LOT of gameplay versatility. You could play it alone and still enjoy it or partake in Lairs/Dungeons/Group content.The cash shop is only for aesthetic purposes and XP boosts, no epic gear to be acquired for money.I recommend it especially at the 20$ price mark since you'll get far more than a few hours of enjoyment from it."
76561197963560521,Recommended,215280,7734004,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Hotaru Tranquility,"The Secret World has what I personally consider to be the best lore in any MMO I've yet played. A fantastic Lovecraftian setting, and some of the most intellectually challenging quests I've ever seen in the form of the investigation missions make this a great game to play, as long as you don't mind the fact that it's nowhere near as fun to do the quests the second time around."
,Recommended,215280,3586258,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,Seyjan,A refreshing break from the usual Fantasy fare of the MMO genre.  There is a pretty amazing array of customization available in character abilities as well for players that are willing to put in the time to increase their arsenal.
,Recommended,215280,10687975,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TUSDarryl,"This is a very niche MMO game in my opinion. Granted I haven't played as much of it as I would like (will play more in the near future), but for the amount of time I've played, I feel like I've got a good enough view on it to judge it.The Secret World is a VERY different MMO experience. It will turn off some people, but in turn it will turn some people on (think I could've fit an extra ""turn"" in there somewhere). However, for me, it's a very good MMO.The characters aren't drab or stiff, but have legit personalities while making you actually feel like you matter in that world and NOT like just another MMO player running up to them so they'll have to repeat their dialogue.This is helped by the accompanying cutscenes featuring your character and various other characters in the game, much like you'd get if you played a single player game with a created character (however, like those, your character is silent).Gameplay is generic, but it's a good kind of generic. And by gameplay I meant Combat. The really awesome feature in The Secret World is when you're trying to wrap facts and stuff like that together in missions. It requires the internet. Yes, you heard me, the INTERNET. Meaning you'll have to look up things and play detective yourself. It makes it very satisfying when you figure it all out and are able to move on.So,Pros:-Game looks good graphically-Player involvement feels fresh and connected-Strong sense of belonging or story-Fun to play with friends or even solo-Actually having to look up information and whatnot to solve puzzles about history, religion, politics, and whatnot changes up the pace of gameplay and allows you to play detective.Cons:-Combat can feel a little repetitive and stiff at times.-Puzzles can feel frustrating and require heavy analysis at times which can potentially turn players away due to intimidation.Overall Rating for THE SECRET WORLD:8/10But please, keep this review a secret will ya? (I couldn't help myself.)"
,Recommended,215280,10691852,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cerberus_Grave,If you aren't playing this game you are probably a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or you have an unresonably strong distaste for good mmorpgs.
,Recommended,215280,21683246,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,I.M - N.O.T - M.A.A.D,cool
76561198017965167,Recommended,215280,14296158,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GonZoHunting,Reminded me of a dead festival  I took part in 84 ..except the killing . Would chase the music again.
76561198027183262,Recommended,215280,13645972,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ojikori,This game is a game I absolutely love however I find it difficult to play it for hours on end and day after day like many other MMO's. The combat is very imple but honestly still can provide some entertainment and challenge between you and the enemies. I also love the idea of how you build your character up how you want. I love the characters and the voices for some of them. The first area is absolutely hilarious at parts too. I would strongly reccommend this game if you need a good dtime waster or just something to change things up every once in awhile since there is no subscription anymore.
76561197997799977,Recommended,215280,1774856,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Helical Chaos,As good as Vampire: Bloodlines.  Consider this a single player game that happens to have MMO multiplayer extras on the side.
76561198054713351,Recommended,215280,14954102,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Totentor,"""The Illuminati are very achievement focused. It's like Xbox - only everything is hardcore."""
76561197995934459,Recommended,215280,13287267,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Because Viking,"Fun game, mostly good. For those of you who want a nice detailed bulleted expanation of what you're getting into, read on.-Combat is interesting at first, gets a bit same-y like most MMO combat.-Skill system is super interesting. You can only equip a certain number of actives and passives at a time (they both have their own counter) so that you can mix and match across all trees (trees are for different weapon types). Even weapons you don't have equipped can have their passives used, for example. You equip two main weapons at a time to build your style of gameplay. Different weapons have different focuses on things they do (Assault Rifle has some neato leach stuff, Shotgun has turrets, etc.) and to top all this madness off, you cannot respec ever --BUT-- you keep gaining points constantly so eventually you WILL have every single thing unlocked across all trees.-Gear system is a little different than you'd think visually. Your appearance is based on clothing you wear that's ENTIRELY vanity. You can buy new clothes in the London hub, for example, OR you can get them from missions, achievements, etc. Your gear with stats are all invisible-on-character trinket items that boost stats. Weapons will also boost stats and DO make a visual difference, however.-Achievements, etc. are done as typical WoW-style achievements. Do the stuff, do the stuff a lot, explore this stuff, do all this other stuff for these guys, EARN CLOTHING AND TITLES. There's also Lore that you can run around unlocking if you're a reader or just want the achievements for it which give you a deeper look into things.-Writing in this game is amazing. I ditched like everything else I was playing within the first couple hours of playing this because I was so enamored by how well it was done. Characters are wonderful, scripting is wonderful, the art direction and even video direction is great. If you have a super snarky personality Illuminati is a great pick (Geary is my goddess).-Questing is a mix of MMO bland with cool cutscenes for everything that really gets you involved in the story. So like, yeah it's a go-kill-three-Gregs-but-here's-a-neat-thing-to-get-you-motivated. There's also two different kinds of quests that mix it up a fair amount. One is a kind of quest that involves sneaking, sabotage, etc. and is typically a ""don't get into combat"" situation. The other is investigation quests which I did see some people referencing which involve using your damn brain and/or Google and/or a walkthrough guide. Both these special types have their own icon so you know what you're getting into. The last type are little blatant side missions with no cutscene and little impact, typically, on the main progression of things. It'll be stuff like ""Conspicuous package on the side of the road covered in blood - Go to the address on the box and deliver it!""-Walkthroughs are neat for this because if you go to the right places you will be given HINTS first, not solvers. Usually a series of hints so that you don't feel like a TOTAL cheater. Almost everyone I've talked to has used these hints a some point.-Environment is really neat. I couldn't wait to get out of the first zone by the time it was over but I cannot tell you the last time I felt so totally familiar and immersed in a questing zone.-PvP, for those interested, is its own monster I'm not really familiar with yet, however there are different battleground zones on timers and the victor gives faction-wide buffs based on how many they control. Gives good incentive to be involved.-Factions are Illuminati, ""sex drugs and rockefeller."" You are nobody, go make yourself somebody, but remember if you ♥♥♥♥ up you're expendable. Templar are your pretty and faith and honor based blah's. Dragon is all about chaos theory and manipulation.-Community is fantastic. I've met so many great people. Do yourself a favor and join the newbie chat Sanctuary to start off with. Helpful people there.-Difficulty is jarring at first if you're used to more casual MMOs. You will die. A lot. In some cases you will even be asked to kill yourself to solve something.-Dungeons are a ♥♥♥♥♥ if you don't know what you're doing. Thankfully most people know what they're doing so you can figure out how to not suck pretty quickly. They feel a lot like some of the best of WoW. Lots of neat story telling and detailed fights. Not a lot of fluff.-Last but not least the MMO aspect. These people saying it was ""ruined"" by being an MMO need to get the ♥♥♥♥ over it. Having friends to help with quests and do the dungeons and stuff is really handy. The RP community is fun if you're into that sort of thing, and just having that feeling of being in a vibrant and living word does make it more enjoyable. It's kind of the best of both worlds. Rich, solo-able content with the ability to buddy up or just chat with people."
,Recommended,215280,13288923,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,dolphinwigs,It's ok.  THIS GAME WOULD ROCK IF IT HAD FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT AS AN OPTION!  Maybe like how Final Fantasy A Realm Reborn does it or somthing.  Other than that I haven't gotten very far into the game (still near the beginning) because the learning curve seems a little steeper to get this game down since there isn't full controller support.  PLEASE ADD THIS FEATURE!!!!
76561197980237591,Recommended,215280,19590846,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,death-cult-devotion,"Most exellent indeed! very compelling story, which is suprising for an MMO. Extreamly interesting game world with exellent atmosphere. the bad, my first impression is the skill tree seems limited in that you can only have one epic ability hotkeyed at a time."
76561198050059122,Recommended,215280,19638862,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,lagueadam,"one of the greatest free-to-play-MMORPG's I've played so far, its worthy of a top spot in my top 5 list of MMORPG's and as a plus your not stuck having to read a sh17-load of text when questing you get full-on cutscenes, and there no leveling no having to deal with level-caps you just gain exp. pick your abilities and work from there; How cool is that with all of that freedom that other MMO's keep you locked into.worthy of a solid 4/5 (^_^)"
,Recommended,215280,19662338,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,swtor1091,Great game with a good story. No Lvl is really interesting. A Must play for sure
,Recommended,215280,4468904,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,SerezaTriceps,"Нужен кто-то,с кем можно поиграть!"
,Recommended,215280,19167205,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Cynaptix,"What to say about this game...I played The Secret World a while ago and I suppose I didn't give it much of a fair shake, or maybe they have made a number of improvements since then because I remember not being very impressed with it previously.  The game has charm in the right places, my one criticism is that the combat, while fun mechanically, needs an animation overhaul.Bottom line is, if you are sick of the standard fare MMO systems out there right now and love the Horror Genre then give the game a try.   The Ultimate Edition is the best value for your money if you wind up liking the game, if you were to buy the base came and all the additional story packs it would cost you more than the full price of the UE."
76561198079761905,Recommended,215280,14730397,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,synik3000,"I was initially let down by The Secret World because of the interface. It does take a little getting used to, but that may just be me! :-) The combat is a mix of a bit of dodging/circling and the usual hit them with combos until the die. That's not to say the fighting TSW is bad, that would be like saying CoD is all about shooting ;-)Once you get your head around the interface, there is a world - if you pardon the pun - of missions, cut scenes and good graphics. The missions range from run and gun style, to sneaky to puzzles. You will need to do a bit of research to solve the puzzle ones, but that's not a bad thing. If you get stuck, there are plenty of tutorials to read up on.If you do buy the game, do prepared to be in for the long haul and do read up on what skills you want your character to have. That last one will save you going down a blind alley and wasting adventure time and skill points.[ Update : Nov 2015 : After a few months of playing the game solo, I would say save your money. I played on and off during the weekends, mainly as solo play, and it takes an *age* to get anywhere. Team play seems to be the way to go, so think twice if you want a game to play on your own. ]"
,Recommended,215280,19219056,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,HostageWithGun,"My first impression: I'm instantly hookedPros:-The quests are not simply 'grab and return' or 'kill X number of monsters'.  In fact, a subset of missions are 'investigation' based.  These are missions that reward you based on your intelligence, not simply your ability to click fast and accurately.  This is highly unique in MMOs.-Audio/video for quests, similar to SW:TOR, but no conversation (so far) and people in my party don't show up during briefing.  Still, questing is far more entertaining than comparable MMOs.-Interesting storyline-High degree of character customizationCons:-I'm on a RP server, and I haven't come across too many people.  This isn't a problem for me, because I play with RL friends.-There do seem to be a few glitches."
,Recommended,215280,19108288,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Doomed,"By for one of the greatest MMORPG's i have played in a while, at first the combat was like two people have a time delayed water gun fight but since the recent updates changed that this game got really good!"
76561198279835312,Recommended,215280,20898127,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,christinenormand101,Longtime WoW player and would suggest this game for those now bored of WoW.
76561198014088079,Recommended,215280,20889184,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ipkevin,"This game draws you into its world like no other.  All of its flaws (which are plenty) fall away as you go deeper into its atmospheric, spooky rabbit hole.  I'm an action gamer normally and don't really like MMOs, yet TSW is one of the most played games in my steam list and I've barely scratched the surface of it.  Amazing.   By the way, while the engine is buggy and outdated, the environments in this game are among the most realistic that I've seen in any MMO.  They are lovingly detailed and crafted and have the best lighting & atmospheric effects (fog, clouds, changing sunlight) system that I've seen in any game, MMO or not."
76561198072270919,Recommended,215280,20821034,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Kyu,"70 Hours in, and I'm not sure I'm off the tutorial island yet..."
,Recommended,215280,20863142,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Bulging Turtle,"If you are a fan of anything Lovecraftian and enjoy solving puzzles while fighting demons and the unusual, this is definitely the game for you!"
,Recommended,215280,20877961,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Dr. Data,"Love it, I'm a Templar on Daemon server, add me up : MagneticHazard"
,Not Recommended,215280,21248900,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,idormain,"Really want to play this game, however, this game does not work correctly on my rig with Windows 10 Professional. The Patcher application fails with a fatal error. Now, I don't blame Funcom for this as the specifications do not mention Windows 10 and they recommend Windows 7. So while the game is free once you've purchased it, I have wasted the purchase price. There seem to be a lot of forum chatter concerning the problem I'm experiencing with fixes available which only work for some and not others. So would I recommend this game, not for Windows 10, if you have Windows 7 and this type of game appeals to you then go for it, despite real world financial transactions, this is the type of game I would have lost many hours to, now it is an uninstalled game in my Steam Library. I don't request a refund as it serves to remind me of my mistake so next time I'll be more careful in assuming that games will run on my OS and Rig. The next time, I'll think twice. For those who are able to play the game, lucky bast$%ds ! :-)"
,Recommended,215280,21176548,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,-Masteis,"Well, actually I'm just stucked between to recommend or not to recommend.This game is good. Scenario is amazing, missions, atmosphere everything is amazing but this game needs community.Cuz after you finish the game you will be like ""Yes, stories and missions are done! and now RAID TIMEEEE"" but the thing is that you can not find player.Most of them are AFK. Only players you can find are in Shambala(or something like that) which is random group pvp.PvP places are empty.Can't find players for raids.Boring stuff.Underrated game. Wish this game had more people to play."
,Recommended,215280,21174937,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Dripping Imagination,Yasssssssss
76561198027657487,Recommended,215280,21186363,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,bledsoera,the puzzles the story the camera angles all exelent
76561198042062780,Recommended,215280,21135649,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ghalion_rabbit,"one of the best MMOs i have had the pleasure of playingbetween the lovecraftian cosmic horror, the mystery, the puzzles, augmented reality, investigations, etc. the sheer variety of the game.  is enough to keep me going for years.my only complaint is its hard to get into a group.to me at least it seems the community is a little tightly nitbut for every encounter requiring more then one person there is at least 10-20 that can be done solo.its a shame more people don't give this game a chance as i find it to be better than anything else on offerfor one seeking variety and complexity.in my opinion they need to advertise more and possibly offer a 2 weak trial run for any one interested.as i know their are people out there seeking this type of game and not finding it.they need only to turn to The Secret World.I fully recommend this game."
76561198162349482,Not Recommended,215280,21119904,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,fancyjig,"I only tagged this game ""No"" because I'm hoping people will see it and be more inclined to read it. I recommend it only to players who are more interested in the general premise and nifty combat than anything else. Personally I enjoy these things as well as crafting, marketeering and player events. TSW does have incredibly cool dungeons, but the crafting is absolute garbage and so is the inventory. It's unnecessarily complex and does almost nothing to teach you (crafting-wise) and is a prime example of a game that doesn't reward crafting in any way and has no profession systems in a useable sense. You do the dungeons you can, and when you're strong enough to do the next one you move on. It's fun until it's over, then it's just over. That being said if you like blazing through a single-player RPG then you'll love this game for a time, especially with the open-class system and since its FTP, but this is a story game not the MMO that offers any real depth. Oh and the PVP scenario is duuuuuuuumb."
,Recommended,215280,21559721,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,xIslandGamerx,"This game is unique in its entirety but the only thing that was difficult at first was the controls. Overall, storyline & gameplay was smooth. I thinkg the company would've done better and optimized it better for PC as it still glitches and freezes here & there. I'd say reccommended for all players alike."
76561198055450545,Recommended,215280,21398007,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,mbap04,Awesome game
76561198210603984,Recommended,215280,21034604,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GimmeYourHair,"Bought the other day, played for several hours.  First MMO I've ever actually enjoyed.  Hugely cinematic/story-driven (relative to other MMOs).Next day, price dropped 66 percent.Thanks, Obama."
76561198022721069,Recommended,215280,3437686,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,AirCrasher,Awesome sauce. Now all the squid for half the quid.
,Recommended,215280,20824759,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Diversion,"The atmosphere is great, the graphics are still good and the missions are way better then the usual ""get me 5 of this / kill 10 of them""-stuff.Some missions are solo only which is a downside if you want to play with friends only imho. But since there aren't that many of those solo-missions it was not a really problem for me.I can say i really enjoyed it more then Star Wars Online, Lotro or The Elder Scrolls Online!So If you are into MMO's you should check out this game! Thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,215280,20836854,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ace42,"Terrible performance in general, and broken CrossfireX support for AMD cards.No idea about the gameplay - just chugging through the poorly optimised tutorial was a massive drag."
,Recommended,215280,13908638,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Polkovnikov,"The Secret World is my the most favourite MMORPG. Every mission\quest is far more interesting than in the most of the mmorpg games today. Playing Secret world is very often like watching movie, a good movie.  For some reasons its not that popular as most of us who play TSW would like to and I think that because of that the game doest generate the amount of money to speed up new things that coming in to the game. But still the game has much to offer for PvE players."
,Recommended,215280,21651501,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Freakydemon,"I wouldn't know how good it really is, this ♥♥♥♥ing SLAV doesn't wanna play it anymore. ♥♥♥♥ YOU MOLDOVA."
76561198193918301,Recommended,215280,21637436,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dryadia,
76561198066026245,Recommended,215280,15996337,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,H2OFearLess'Ⅸ 💢,I killed Cthulu's son in the first dungeon of the first map.       10/10
76561198145141265,Recommended,215280,25153598,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,vivito.volare,"As a fan of the supernatural, Weird Tales fiction, moral ambiguity, and creepypasta, this game has been a fountain of awesome.Pro:Hands down some of the best and most engaginging story telling in any MMO I've ever playedCompletely open skill systemSome investigation quests so difficult, you have no option but to get a degree in cryptography or cheat using googleResponsive and excited devsCons:Completely open skill system (you can temporarily hobble yourself early on if you don't read up first)Numerous bugs (UI reload is your friend, but it shouldn't have to be)Once you get to Tokyo, if you don't strategically grind, you get to endgame hitting like a wet noodle until you grind and grind some more in a Ju-on inspired Tokyo that, rather than being engaging or inspiring horror just inspired me to replay the stories from earlier in the game.The next chapter of the game is supposed to be coming down the pipe soon, and we are eagerly awaiting it. Until then, I just stick my head in to dink around and soak up that TSW atmosphere.But the game rocks and is worth playing through.And remember, sweetlings, don't do anything Saïd wouldn't do..."
76561198035540177,Recommended,215280,19792390,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MeVaLoN,I love the feel of the game. It's like Devil May Cry but with nice combo or melee and ranged combat set in a Gothic MMORPG world.
76561198001560623,Recommended,215280,20182692,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,xillxwill666,i try and play all mmorpgs but i skipped this back in the day because the trailer looked stupid....this is now my fav mmo lol
,Recommended,215280,19884821,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rob Jennings,"While I am not a big fan of the combat style, this game is a welcome MMO in a world filled with zombies and fantasy overload."
76561198027200446,Recommended,215280,20214945,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kaidriel,One of the best mmo I ever played
76561198021345592,Recommended,215280,20215262,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Eachna,This game was bought for me as a holiday gift. I didn't really expect to enjoy it but I'm having a blast.Pros:* Plays a bit like a point and click adventure game. I love adventure games!* Great story.* Clothes.Cons:* In game physics are terrible.* Combat is a little simplistic for me.* Not getting much interaction with other players. After a few days in it's still a solo activity.
,Recommended,215280,2611221,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,MSDakaRocker,"An amazing game, that threatens to topple my favourite MMO from number 1 all time favourite MMO  (which I'll refrain from naming). Great idea, amazing game, brilliantly done."
,Recommended,215280,19783186,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,sparkleav,The most unique MMO I've played to date. Very story orientated. X-Files crossed with Heroes crossed with The Walking Dead..
76561198052335965,Recommended,215280,19720324,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Smee,I am still not sure if I love it or hate it.
,Recommended,215280,2381786,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Skaldera,"Love the storyline, amazing character customization.  Many many paths to take your character, tons of replayability.  Hopefully funcom continues to support it.  Plus it's f2p after purchase..definite recommendation on my end."
76561198049816047,Recommended,215280,5441393,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,naaiz1,best mmo ever played  I <3 IT
,Recommended,215280,19759013,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Amberizzle,"My favorite MMO. Ever. Hands-down. I feel like the world around me is alive, and I care so deeply for the characters stuck in it. I'm fascinated by the lore and have spent an undue amount of time reading up on it even while I'm not playing. My only complaint, really, is how geared you have to be in order to even *think* about entering PVP. That aspect of the game isn't at all fun for me, but I adore the story content and can't wait for Issue 13 so we can explore more of Kaidan."
,Recommended,215280,19922198,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,The Real HecticHabib,Really enjoyable game-Character customization is pretty good-Clothing variety is amazing-Lots of different play stylesThe only thing i wish i could do is change my characters server with out loss of items
76561198018015099,Recommended,215280,13180279,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Covey,Haven't even played the game yet and I'm ticked off....  Apparently the No subscription I get with this game I paid for means 30 days free.... really?  I paid cash to buy a game that I can only play for 30 days.... I've been mislead and I'm going to make a stink until I get refunded.....*update*  Ok I stand corrected.... it's membership privledges for 30 days... then basic game play continues...
,Recommended,215280,19973711,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fenyx,"Interesting atmosphere, fun to pick up and play."
76561198253551769,Recommended,215280,20033554,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Vallow,"Havent really played a lot but from what i've checked into so far, I'm really enjoying the creepy atmosphere ;D"
76561197970683611,Recommended,215280,447705,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,anubismcdeath,Best adult theme park mmo ever. 20 bucks no sub? First dungeon alone will blow your mind!
76561198066636119,Recommended,215280,20636730,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Lumiens,"I play games for their entertainment value, a new one every once in a while, just for kicks. This game, The Secret World, has occasional moments of otherworldliness and genius. The atmosphere and story lines left me waiting for more, on pins and needles. I never felt like I was grinding - especially the first time through. Even after completing the first 3 chapters, I go back to gain some points to fill out my decks/builds.I'm glad I got to experience FunCom's vision of a truly unique MMO. I anxiously wait for the other chapters and the ability to  play them with my family. 4.5/5 over all. Some moments are brilliant, other parts - some of the interface, the double-clicking on items - not so much."
76561198165274171,Recommended,215280,20661864,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jim Dandy 77,"Great MMO.   Well done, questing is fun and the quest are thought out and interesting."
76561198033765275,Recommended,215280,20639485,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Andrea,"Very interesting MMO, I've been playing it for one week and I enjoy the setting and the leveling experience, in particular the cutscenes when you get the main quests. The UI is very good and I haven't experienced any major bug so far; the skills system is not very easy but it gives you so many possibilities, I still can't figure what kind of build is good :)Of course I have no idea about end-game content..."
,Recommended,215280,20698588,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jibba,"This game is a lot of fun and is a nice break from the cookie cutter mmos that seem to populate the spectrum. If you are looking for a fun game that has a lot of really unique features, this one is it."
,Recommended,215280,20699707,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Skadizzles,"Good game, good fun. Long hours on it"
76561198074195947,Recommended,215280,20687473,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,TheBlackHand,"Where do I start with this game? Well lets start with the intro, the game has a great premise for why you got pulled into this war, one day your just another average joe and the next you got super powers, great huh? This game just feels great to play the customization is amazing, the fact that you don't have to commit to a single build is great too! I know a lot of other MMORPGs have it so you can have different classes but I feel this game does it way better. Say you go damage and 20 hours in you think ""Damn...I wish I went healing"" Well now you can just keep playing and you will get the xp needed to get a full on healing set of abilities I know I know this game is really grindy but doing all the quests in everyone area should give you enough XP to make at least 5 decks. The Missions are not boring they are actually really interesting theres three different types of quests, I forgot the name of the red one but its basically kill these things grab this, Sabatoge, investigation and side missions. If you are sick of quests where you just go here kill these guys go there kill these guys then theres investigation quests for you they are really cool, actually make you think outside the box and even then you gotta double check your facts, theres missions where they want you to decode, or find a missing piece of the puzzle with vague clues, overall its a really fun time and makes you think, Investigation missions also give you more xp then your average red missions the slaying ones. The story is great you are basically a nobody whos given tasks from your secret group whoever you chose, and while on those missions you slowly start to discover that something else has taken an interest in you as well, and lets just say that can be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you interact with them, I don't want to spoil too much. Overall this game is really great and does not get the credit it deserves i'd give it a 10/10 and reccomend it to all my friends who like MMOs, at first the game is a little confusing but once you learn the basics it gets easier to play."
76561198073509211,Recommended,215280,20540923,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[R]ebekah,"Love this game, if you like MMO's but want one with a great story and amazing Atmosphere this is the game for you. :)"
76561198155855753,Recommended,215280,20762774,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ned Stark,"You know those types of gamers that are obsessed with MMO's, and bc they crave it so much, they settle for mediocre/trash MMOs? Well, lol...this is the first one that almost seems like everyone of all genres would actually enjoy and appreciate.9/10"
76561198052846286,Recommended,215280,5610931,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Twisted,"I've played the game for a long time and the story is very good, as many have mentioned combat is... awkward. To be honest the game speaks for itself but here is my rating. oh and each quest having a voiced inrto to it is a big + (its been a long time since I played and they've released a major expansion so the ratings have changed a bit for me)story 9/10combat 6/10content 8.5/10character variation 8/10reason to keep playing 7.5/10"
,Recommended,215280,25169194,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jwuff,"fascinating story and lore, really makes you think. can get a bit intimidating with the level of customization and free-for-all feel, but whether youre playing alone or with friends, this is definitely worth it.love the openness as far as class customization goes - you can literally drop and add different class abilities and weapons whenever you feel like it, letting you explore different options no matter how far youve gotten in the game.the quests are often long and intricate, and the puzzles can be a bit difficult, so pay attention!"
76561197983324630,Recommended,215280,25834553,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,owen445x,"Loved this game, had a step learning curb and I think this drove a lot of people away. If you take the time to play it, it's really fun and the story is awesome."
,Recommended,215280,25846768,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Chrow,"This is one of the only MMOs where I've actually found myself giving a crap about the lore and storylines of each mission. It's well written, it's interesting, it's presented in all kinds of different ways, and it's backed by a fairly decent combat and character customization system."
,Recommended,215280,545092,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,gg.Hadid,best lvling mmo / super immersive story / best voice acting / deep combat
76561198094997848,Recommended,215280,25849862,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Arolon,"This game has been quite a blast, although a bit slow paced. I would reccommend this game to anyone who loves rpgs, especially ones with lots of puzzle solving. The level system is pretty cool, as the game is more based on itemization than levels. My only complaint is how long it takes to finish up one chapter (I'm a bit of a slow gamer, but even I should've been able to finisht eh zombie land under 50 hours)"
76561198003227307,Recommended,215280,26005233,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[JMT]Vinniepazz,Just started playing and I love it. Game came out in 2012 and I feel like I am playign a new MMO
,Recommended,215280,1933929,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Church,"This game is incredible.  I hate that I over looked it for so long.  There is not a game out there like it and it blew me away by how much content there is and how fun it is.  Definitely check it out if you are ready for a different kind of MMO experience.I've played everything, WoW, EQ2, Archeage, Rift, ESO, and more and this is still one of my favorites.I did stop playing because I got bored simply because i didnt have anyone to play with anymore."
,Recommended,215280,300135,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Ptsarge,Want conspiracy theories this is your game
76561198053239639,Recommended,215280,27986350,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Alexander,"Imagine the legends you know are all true. And imagine you can shoot the monsters of those legends with a rocket launcher! TSW is not a game that is revolutionary in terms of gameplay for a MMO, but the story it contains, the variety of quests and the atmosphere,  are some of the best possible. And best of all, you can build a character that can do everything, as opposed to other titles where you need to level an alt for each role.  Recommended."
,Recommended,215280,27942374,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dred,I wish I played it more even
76561198004880698,Recommended,215280,27968659,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,moduspwninz,"This is a really incredible game that takes a lot of really good ideas and combines them into something unique.1. No classes and low level abilities are cheap, so no need to reroll: go from swords to lighning bolts to pistols and barely slow down your progression.2. Combat system is based around picking two weapons and finding synergies between them. Combined with the classless system this means that your character really feels unique and custom built.3. Quests are usually well written and are genuinely interesting and challenging a large part of the time. The best ones involve puzzles and riddles that are both challenging and immersive. I definitely never expected to have to go to a fake company website and look up some employees from some badges I found so I could figure out their password.4. Story is immense and engaging. It's a game about secret societies and hidden plans and man does it feel like it! Every story or interaction builds up the world and its history. The NPC interactions are also very well written: its funny when some NPCs acknowlege that you never seem to talk, but I was blown away when a villain said he wouldn't kill me because I would just revive (of course, I'm a PC in an MMO...) so THAT's why he was going to knock me out and escape. Little details like that mean that the game almost never breaks immersion which I never thought I'd see in an MMO. (Afterwards the quest-giver told me that the villain was wrong and I CAN in fact be killed. No idea what that means but I sure hope I don't find out!)This game didn't seem to get a lot of press, but I got quite a few friends into it (come on, Steam Award!). On that note, solving quests with friends is some of the most fun I've ever had in a game -period. However, unlike many MMOs many of The Secret World's quests are based on puzzles so replayability is limited after you solve them. But making new builds and beating up on bosses is endless fun. I haven't joined any groups or tried any of the raids yet, but I'm looking forward to it."
,Recommended,215280,27969532,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ClockworkGhostie,I love this game. It's so interesting and it's hard for me to stop playing. Can't wait to play more!
,Recommended,215280,27947199,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,stolennn1,"Very interesting game, it had a particular atmosphere since I tried it out for the first time, and quite frankly still has it."
,Recommended,215280,27979307,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WeirdoWithBeardo,"Easily one of my favourite MMO games, and all that is down to the incredible story and writing, it's a must try even if you don't normally like mmo games!"
76561197980521644,Recommended,215280,27752891,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yellow13Mustard,"Pros:-Great storyline-Fresh take on an MMO (no more elves and dwarves)-Innovative quests( have to solve riddles and they don't just give you the answer.  If you don't cheat and look it up online you could sit there for hours trying to wrap your head around it)-Can be played solo(generally doesn't take long to find a group for the group missions)-Nice Queue system for the group missions, lets you play main questline while waiting.Cons:-A lot of what your used to in an MMO is different or not here (no skill respec, actually have to think in a lot of the quests)-No class system can be daunting (because most games force you into one role, the freedom sometimes is too much to take in.)-Isn't enough story deviation from character to character(but what MMO does really?)Final Comments:-Loved the game and was invested in my character so much that I cosplayed as him at a Convention in Seattle."
,Recommended,215280,27824674,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PopePeaches,"Pros:The setting of Modern Horror alone makes thisone of the best story-driven MMOs I have ever played. The innovative Questing and classless system can be confusing for most people, but you pock up on the basics pretty fast. While  there are no structured Classes to progress on, your basic Roles (Tank, DPS, Healer) are very much in force, and the pletthora of 500+ abilities spread across 72 possible weapon combinations makes for thousands of possible combinations.Cons:The combat system is quasi-action based, and not very tight or responsive."
76561198072049637,Recommended,215280,27906724,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lightkor,"This is not your typical MMO. Modern day. Horror. Pick and choose 2 weapons (sets of skills) that you can easily swap without rerolling your character. The best ""feature"" is the story. And thus, I nominate this game for the ""I didn't know a game could have amazing writers"" award. Kudos to your writing team, Funcom. Because of them, you've left a positive mark in the history of MMOs!"
76561197998181914,Recommended,215280,27531709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,~*lil-Devil*~,One of the best MMO out there still.
,Recommended,215280,27479337,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HansN,Awesome
76561198024581519,Recommended,215280,27476507,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Yes, I Ken",Best single player MMO ever. I honestly play this game just for the investigation missions and the atmosphere. I recommend this game for the fans of the Sherlock Holmes game series.
,Recommended,215280,27575602,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,JimmyTheRabbit,5650 hours in and not a single regret!
,Recommended,215280,14042286,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Xerzie,"Character creation could use a bit (really a lot) more, though still a fun game to play. No set classes, free roaming, and you're not bound to do certain quests. In other words: awesome."
,Recommended,215280,27302616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paštet zajabystė,Bestest game in history
76561198025192381,Recommended,215280,13175026,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,kanoyume,"Just a fun MMO in a unique setting.  I've spent over 600 hours on it.  The extra issues are a must, so the ""no subscription required"" thing is just misleading, to be honest.   That said, if you think the setting looks cool, it's worth a try."
76561198043398279,Recommended,215280,18027096,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,liselle_ru,Really fantastic game with in depth quests and fantastic storylines - every quest has a video to go with it and even the speed freaks will pause to watch!
76561198001651748,Recommended,215280,28413258,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,steveb315,Most amazing MMO I ever played. But I left because of the low player population.Great game play. The story is amazing!! 10/10 story.The cons are lack of end-game progression (exp). End-game crafting.Could of been the best ever.
,Recommended,215280,28428583,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Victuals,"great game! love it, good community, lots of depth. insane prices for expansions. wish they would at least sell the 9.99$ non collectors edition versions of the newer expansions so i don't literally have to drop over 200$ to be able to access a now huge and ever widening amount of content."
,Recommended,215280,28512518,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dad,"I bought this game way back when, when it first came out and honestly I couldn't get into it. Here recently tho I decided to give it another try and wow has it changed and for the good in my opinion. This game has a very good story one that I find very interesting and fun to play through as well as it's buy to play now and no longer a pay to play game which makes a world of a difference. If you like mmo's give this game a try just keep in mind it's not like your standard mmo this game has ""classes"" but you don't choose one and build your character around it. You ""level up"" and gain AP and you buy skills and eventually you own every skill and you can make whatever build you want."
76561197993343104,Recommended,215280,17450737,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,disregarD.,"This is a great game. I came back to it after getting extremely bored with ESO (among other games) and I really enjoy it some reason. It may be the quirky NPCs, the dark atmosphere, the unrestricted character development system; I am not sure but I definitely do recommend this game."
,Recommended,215280,560086,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Twib,"One of the better MMOs out there. Takes its storytelling rather seriously, but not all the dialogue. Good choice for a moder day setting"
76561198042895658,Recommended,215280,17172138,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Chaest,"Shame it's an MMO. Still, if you're into its theme this game's wonderful, plus the riddle in its quests are just awesome!It's main problem, once again, is the fact it's an MMO. The community ain't that big it might be a realy pain in the <3 to find complete your dungeons quests. Plus, though the PvP part is good, it's way too unbalanced between faction. I'm a dragon, and I seriously advise you not to be a dragon. In fact, you'd advance way faster being an illuminati, and that's one of the biggest issue with this game.That's why I'd give it 6/10 even though I trully love this game!I recommend it, but I recommend to carefully do some research to know what you're going to buy."
76561198073838932,Recommended,215280,16293578,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Arukin,"So far a really really fun, new , and interesting MMO. Having to solve mysteries and do research adds a new lvl of awesome to the game. Maybe its cause I just watched 8 seasons of Supernatural but gotta give the game 9/10"
76561198040273081,Recommended,215280,16507536,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ashmund,"This is not your typical MMO.  It is a pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥Lovecraftian RPG though.  Great story, awesome new take on quests, interesting skill system, all around good game."
76561198033984285,Recommended,215280,4213632,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,TempestFox,"Yay no more subscription fees! Now's the best time to start playing this. Modern-Day MMO with some very nice hints of Lovecraftian Horror, conspiracy theory and other urban legends. It's all true in this game. Love it."
,Recommended,215280,16520221,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,zpie13,"This MMO renewed my interested in the genre . after years of playing games like runescape , WOW , GW2 , and rift  it's great to find something new ."
76561198081513098,Recommended,215280,16485682,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,DawnStrider,This is a great game!
76561198033980376,Recommended,215280,16486775,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,mhmclean,"I suppose my playtime may indicate quickly if I am going to recommend this game or not... I defintiely am.  I bought it back when the Steam Massive Edition was on sale but currently with the Ultimate Edition at discount, there is absolutely positively no questions asked better time to start playing this game.Why would you play TSW?  Great community, intresting setting, complex puzzles, deep storylines, and much more.  Playing as one of the three factions (Illuminati, Dragon, and Templar) of the secret societies that covertly control the world through agents that... no, I won't spoil anything.  Some of the storyline is straight from a David Lynch fever dream.  Heck, even the TSW Support is incredible, anytime I had to put in a ticket it was always resolved in 15 minutes or less.  There are a few things that I wish they did better but it swiftly becomes overshadowed by the rich atmosphere this game exudes.Hope to see you in game."
76561198059058509,Recommended,215280,16491389,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,onetruesolipsist,"Only the NWO could concoct a plan as devious as creating a classless, atmospheric, story-driven MMORPG set in the present day and pull it off this well. The Secret World is a... that thing I just described, with a fascinating occult horror/urban dark fantasy setting that's basically Call of Cthulhu or World of Darkness with more firepower. It's a world where all urban legends are true, H.P. Lovecraft wrote nonfiction and the Illuminati are not only real but protecting us from a greater threat.There aren't many players but you can also approach it as a really hard, mostly single-player open world game where you occasionally run into other survivors who you can go around killing zombies with for a while. Expect mad ARG puzzles and some degree of confusion. It's kinda inaccessible (I still feel pretty clueless) but something of a marvel when it comes to worldbuilding, storytelling and quest design (oh lord the quest design). Give it a try if the aesthetic appeals to you."
76561198010826205,Recommended,215280,16213931,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Captain Cactus,"The characters are phenomenal, great voice actors including Peter Stormare ( The Big Lebowski ) that add much life to TSW. A Majority of my time spent playing, was through the original client, despite purchasing TSW here, It's helped me hide my free time spent. And there are so many wonderfully imagined places to explore in TSW, some based in reality and others based on the reality of a dream/nightmare.+ No pre defined classes to get locked into+ Above average difficulty ( wisdom and random knowledge is vital )+ PvP is fun, despite the seniority issues and limited areas.- The very few bugs i've come across are some of the worst kind ( 19fps while facing SE to NW on the coastline )- DX9 crashes often and DX 11 while stable, tends to under utilize hardware, causing low frame rate.-/+ Less populace than many other MMO's"
,Recommended,215280,16899036,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,CosmicAncient,"Absolutely fantastic! The story lines are interesting, the quests are unique, and the atmosphere is spot on.The clothes are a bit dated looking due to the game coming out a few years ago but you can get by!"
,Recommended,215280,16872223,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,the amber trap,"The mechanics and setting of this game are noteworthy in and of themselves.  There are no races (everyone is human); instead you choose one of three organizations: Illuminati, Templar, or Dragon.  These have cosmetic differences as well as limit travel in one of the three hub cities, and some cinematic differences as well.  There are no strict classes; you will spend points on skills freely as you level up, and no ability is off-limits because of other choices.  Of course, some ""classes"" have abilities that feed into others in the same set, but just as many have broad boosts.  The world itself is a notable departure from the typical fantasy/sci-fi settings in that it takes place on a present-day Earth where monsters are real.  Yes, there are zombies, but they're early fodder and certainly not a focal point of most of the game.Most quests are repeatable, so you can keep playing a particular moment over again to get achievements.  There is a cooldown though, so you can't just grind one quest ad nauseum.  Many of the quests are quite a bit more interesting than the stereotypical ""bring back some of a thing"" fare that saturates the genre.  A lot of that is helped by the moody atmosphere of the maps, including some bizarre monsters.  The sense of exploration and discovery is palpable when questing.The quests are either going to be wonderful and engross you or frustrate to the point of abandoning the game.  Quests may have you following esoteric clues that require actual thought and investigation, including switching over to a browser window to figure out who a particular person, how long a song is, or what a verse says.  Figuring out these clues is fun and feels immediate and real.  Some will stretch your patience until you get used to not being spoon-fed everything.I'm sad to say it isn't the most polished of games, and there isn't much in-game assistance if you can't figure out how to do something.  (Like the particular pattern for manufacturing a specific type of gear.)  Platforming is unfortunately awful, but you'll have to use it to reach some of the lore items and for some achievements.  The stealth achievements are also twitchy, and the wait to redo quests makes actually achieving achievements a somewhat tiersome process.  An option to restart a quest in the event of a blown optional goal would be most welcome.The absense of classes can also make grouping a bit tricky; I've never felt really comfortable or competent in group dungeons.  One nice thing about definitive classes is getting to know the role and playstyle.  When everything is an option, some truly bizarre builds can result.  You can, however, save skill sets and switch out on the fly, making it easier to build and refine your own classes.  There are ""decks"" in the game as well that will guide you to making worthwhile skill choices; decks also unlock unique costume options to show off what you've done and help inform others of where your focus lies.In short, this is a beautiful mess of a game.  The quests, leveling mechanics, and setting are all amazing.  Unfortunately, and largely depending on how accustomed you may be to typical MMO games, figuring out the mechanics can be a bit ungainly.  In-game achievements are often more frustrating than fun, especially when requiring stealth or agility.Oh, and I have yet to see anything that shows subscription players have a distinct adavantage over non-subscription players."
76561198001333787,Recommended,215280,2039786,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Mr Philosopher,"This game stands out from the rest of the MMORPGs on the market in so many ways. It's well worth the time to look into, and has so much more to offer than collecting 10 bee's knees to give to the local blacksmith for no good reason other than he asked you (and every other adventurer) to. Furthermore, the implementation of a unique rank up system that doesn't become more difficult to obtain AP and SP as you progress through the game means that the game's pace doesn't slow as with many other MMORPGs. Overall, it's a unique experience that one simply has to try."
,Recommended,215280,29489940,Posted: 25 January,all,Sash,Great game!
,Recommended,215280,29462289,Posted: 24 January,all,Captain Dreamshadow,"GREAT GAME dep storyline, better with freinds"
76561198341719910,Recommended,215280,29394616,Posted: 21 January,all,Uberlinu,"Bought the Ultimate Ed. once upon a time... And I gots to admit that it was the most fulfilling and absolutely best game purchase I've ever made... I pretty much suck at this game, BUT... there are so many great & wonderful people playing the game all around the clock, that a) you'll never have to be alone... (in the dark ;) .. and IT IS DARK most of the time, but the good kind of dark) b) you'll get the advices you wanted, and even the advices you didn't know that wanted but you most certainly needed c) even a poor, miserable and anti-social sob like me got friends more than enough and friends is a resource that you can never have ""too much"" d) you'll never have to live in fear of the game ending... 'cause, as I see it, there is no end to this game... the story might get a ""pause"" sometime in the future... if I run through the game like a bullet train... But there's always new content coming out.And Finally E) I mentioned already that I'm poor (among the other things), but this game is so very affordable that that alone could give one the creeps... But, it really doesn't... give the creeps I mean. :)You simply must at least go on a test drive!P.S. The machine requirements are somewhat underestimated, but with the computers one buys from the store nowadays,  (or better yet, builds his/her own) it won't be a problem. My pc is one of these ""coal"" powered versions from half a decade ago and while it does fulfill the recommended requirements, the fps is between 17-50 and mostly at the lower end of the scale. Nevertheless the game stays stays playable, by my standards at least."
76561198068053460,Recommended,215280,29365318,Posted: 19 January,all,Melkor,"This game is amazing, if u like any games that requires your brain this if for your if u wana just rush throught a game without  a single thought and just rely on instinct this game is not for you.Thats being said the class/Deck system is great you can mix up your class whenever its really nice i got from duel pistols/elemental - blades/blood mainly but theres so many passive that can change the entire way you've been playing your characters.There are 3 different types of missions well theres more but these are the 3 main types combat/action missions which are your typical mmo missions, Sabotarge which you gota sneak and hack into computers etc very fun, and the brain frying investigation missions which have some really challenging puzzles.PvP and Group dungs are fun and challenging boss mechanics are well thought out,Bottom line is if u aint played it buy it, you wont regret it, not many mmos out nowdays thats not ur usuall wow/L2 clones, i could write alot more about this game but its the secret world cant spill all the beans^^"
,Recommended,215280,28736980,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Djevel,"It has a bit of a learning curve, but Funcom did so many awesome things in an MMO, that if you can stick with it through the first few maps, there is a hellva storyline here. I really like that I'm not stuck to predefined classes, and I can mix/match skillsets to my hearts desire. I love the modern setting. The incorporation of myths, conspericies, etc. It really doesn't matter which faction you pick (I played all three,) as the storyline tends to blur them together. If you can snag the Ultimate or Complete version, that's ideal. Lots of gameplay in there. Now, once you've hit Tokyo, and fought your way into the Orichi Tower, the solo game pretty much dries up. And now you're stuck with dungeons/raids/PVP. If that's your thing, and you're ok with the grind and party trinity, then this is right up your alley. I dislike the dynamics involved in that sort of thing, and prefer storyline grouping/soloing. Which TSW has in spades.So, if you can pick up the U/C editions on the cheap, and like an immersive storyline, go for it. It's easy on the h/w resources and game play is pretty straightforward, if not involved. Tons of resources out there, as well. Should never been stuck much on mission/plot progression if you can utilize Google in a rudimentary fashion."
76561198110038955,Recommended,215280,10106206,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Space Spy,"Short version: I love this game, and I play it way too much.Long version:The ""MMO"" feel: I got into this game with my friend, and looking back, and seeing other people start it, I think that's the best way to go. The game feels fairly smooth as a single player run, and if you're familiar with MMOs, you're going to have a decent sense of what to do (there's been shifts applied to the beginning zones, so it's hard to say if the game is a little easier to start now, or if I just know what to do already). But given how many puzzles you can come across in the investigation missions, doing them with a friend is pretty fun. And when you're still figuring out the combat, it's handy to have an extra pair of hands to help.Combat: I personally really like it. The game places more of an emphasis on planning your abilities, rather than brute force clicking and overgearing. It can get a little clunky, but if you enjoy reading up on abilities and contrasting weapon types, it's enjoyable. It supports a lot of playstyles as well, which is something I haven't seen in other MMOs. There's no class system, so you've got the option to change around as much as you want, based on how far along you are in completing your ability wheel. My personal favorite is combining the blade and assault rifle for good crowd control and leech healing. That's just one possible combination of 81 (9 possible weapons, can use two at a time). The game offers 'decks' as well, for anyone who isn't really into that aspect of gameplay. Movement gets important in dungeons, as you have to roll out of AoEs and keep moving around the bosses.Combat2/Character: TSW uses talismans to armor your character, which are invisible. Your character's appearance and wardrobe are entirely up to you, and having no bearing on combat ability (so none of that 'do I want to look badass, or be badass?' nonsense). Clothing is added somewhat regularly, so lots of options there. The game could maybe use some revamping in the hair/head department, but it's not terrible.Dungeons: I don't do these quite as often, as I tend to do more of the single player content. But each has a story to it, and they tie in nicely with the map you're in. There's three tiers, Normal, Elite, and Nightmare. You can do any of these three tiers on most dungeons. Some of them can be quite tricky, with the gear prep needed and timing required from all members of the party.Player base: I've almost always had good experiences with the player base. People are pretty friendly, and arrange their own event tie ins, which is cute (one cabal had players 'trick or treat' in a map, and gave out tacos).Story: this is really where The Secret World shines. It's got one of the most fascinating stories out of all the MMOs (and some single player) games that I've played. Funcom manages to tie together all these myths and legends in a modern day world, and it's actually believable. Getting to pick your own faction, and receiving mission updates from your coordinater is amusing, and gives the game replayability it might not otherwise have (Sonnac is my fave, but Geary is pretty funny. The Dragons have some interesting responses later in the game ;) ). And while I can't comment on all the zones, the ones I've been to irl are represented pretty well in game. I felt like I was poking around in Stephen King's 'Pet Semetary' while in New England, and the Japanese horror tropes folded into the Tokyo zone were fantastic. There are levels where I genuinely felt nervous going into, and still do (parking garage, anyone?).Anyway, good story, fun combat concept, Cthulu monsters - pretty much TSW."
,Recommended,215280,6504699,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,✞Ganghis Khan*✞,this is a unique MMO that breaks all the rules to the standard MMOs we are all accustomed too. if your a fan of MMOs and wanna try something new that actually makes you think for a change try this game out.
76561198071407243,Recommended,215280,29752640,Posted: 6 February,all,walkerlprk,+Good story+Puzzles+Modern SettingOver all good investment.
,Recommended,215280,29147960,Posted: 9 January,all,-WMC- Maxwell,"Under the scope of an MMO this game is average, it has a nice system that allows one to create one character and try any form and loadout creating a sea of interesting PVP and PVE options, the combat and systems of the game are similar to that of any action MMO.Yet one thing sets this game out, the story and the puzzles. This game turns the average quest into a whole story of trying to discover what actually occured in the city, why certain things are there. The more you look the more you learn as you can see unique ideas and concepts that resemble the vibes of X-File while seeming totally realistic. The puzzles are complex and interesting, forcing you to rely on visuals and memorization, furthermore it makes use of realword materials, to not spoil or ruin the puzzle I won't go into much detail, but there is a puzzle early on that makes you refrence real world literature to try to depict and break the puzzle.I enjoy this game, not for how I fight or the quests, I enjoy it for the atmosphere and idea you become immersed in, to take part in the experience and story of the world."
76561197980562880,Recommended,215280,868423,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Noise,This is the only MMO I play. Lots of fun. Zero grind.
76561198079713130,Recommended,215280,6930510,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,Rish,Thinking man's MMO with challenges right from the start.
76561198055854787,Recommended,215280,28664933,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MutterDuck,I really like The Secret World and the lore they've trickled around in the game. It's really bang for your buck if you're into reading. I just wish my computer didn't try and overheat after half an hour of  playing it.
76561198046462612,Recommended,215280,28592058,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,(￣ー￣),Good game....until they start asking you to platform...
76561198041046666,Recommended,215280,17017892,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Seagram454,The Secret World is one of those games I just can't stay away from. The story is deep and one of the more interesting ones in the plethora of available games out there. The community is full of helpfull and friendly players. This is one of those games that got a bad wrap in the beginning and people should really give it a second chance. There are plenty of helpful players online.
76561197999940911,Recommended,215280,27920831,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,weaksid,"I normally don't write reviews but I thought this game deserves one.This game is one of the very few games I tend to return to often. Funcom developers are always adding new content and it's not your normal thrown together content like go kill to get this item. Lots of their content contains so much indepth stories to them. The one I seem to always enjoy just because it was so much different from your normal was the year during Halloween when they added the golden age radio shows ""Tales of Suspense"". I sat and listened to each one of those as I did the quest. That is just one example of many different things these developers add. You can just tell they care about the world they created.One nice thing about this game is that you're not always being spammed by gold farmers and power leveling. It's a whole different system.If you haven't bought this game yet, you should. The price is good, it's still rated high, and if you want something different from those grinding MMOs, try this game out. Contains stealth, information collection, some grinding (but not the ""When in hell is this going to end?"" types), deep story lines, mystery, and lots of puzzles."
76561198144761567,Recommended,215280,27913532,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Super Ultra Detective Naoto,"I can't even.This game is so unreal.I thought I had seen it all.Seriously, this game got me real hard with how different it was.Right now, I have pretty much no idea how I've solved most of these puzzles.Each and every quest tangles together, and pieces of quests will show up while you are doing another, but don't worry.All that can be done at the same time, because you can have several quests up, and you can easily swap directions.Love this game, and I hope you do to.Hint: I really hope you got this one, it was easy af"
76561198029294992,Recommended,215280,25336973,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Earl of Lemongrab,"I wrote a positive review on this game that has now been completly reimagined out side of the mmo* I still give this a postive goal, i too lost a lot of money issues but with my enjoyment of the setting and gamplay the game offers outside every generic free to play is quite enough to give this a try.I believe this to be the revival of tsw that needed to happen if there was no reamangined new sourse tsw would just be a sad and failed everquest"
,Recommended,215280,30302101,Posted: 3 March,all,flameman1234,"Its pretty good, fun for the first few hours, and quests arent constantly the same tasks over and over, and there is a large variety. You can choose to be either a member of the Illuminati, Templars, or Dragons. Each has their own benefits depending on whose in control of several stations in PvP, giving you damage, exp, and i think health boosts. Its very fun to play with friends, especially if you enjoy the modern, paranormal aspect. There are about 12 different weapons to choose from and you get 2 (you can change later on), so the combos are awesome, but id look up what would work well for your playstyle, some combos dont work well together on solo. The stories are all pretty interesting once you get past all the tutorial kind of levels. Honestly, its a pretty great MMO if you have a large group of friends who want to play, or even go solo, i'd really recommend it."
76561198040826354,Recommended,215280,30366474,Posted: 6 March,all,yun.zhi.lin,"There are simply no other MMORPGs like The Secret World. Unlike elves and orcs, the npcs in this game are present day people, trying to get by a world gone mad. Full dialogue cut scenes means you actually get to listen to their stories, and eventually sympathise with their situation, then wonder what happens to them when you've moved on after finishing their quest. The supernatural aspects can be truly horrifying and the storyline deeply immersive. You can relate to everything, the real world locations, the fashion, the urban legends, the mythical beasts, the blatant reference to various action movies.The game is also priced in such a way that you pay once and can pick up and play whenver you feel like it. As opposed to a subscription model where you feel obliged to keep playing to get your money's worth. And you also have a choice whether to participate in pvp or not. As a casual gamer with a mature taste, the tone of and style of this game suits me perfectly. I'm sure this game would also offer a brethe of fresh air to all those tired of the dry repeated MMO formulas."
76561198154713398,Recommended,215280,30825330,Posted: 29 March,all,Cybertech345,Game works well for new beta very few glitches so far compared to Original Secret world. new interface takes getting used to but i like it especially the weapon and gear upgrade system.
,Recommended,215280,26280425,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Longpig,"+A really amazing and sometimes totally creepy setting.+Good story.+Interesting missions with some real Sherlocking required.+Nice customisation in both build choices and aesthetics.-Not so great combat.-Some later systems are a bit of a grind.Sooo ... you can't buy TSW anymore, but it's coming out as Secret World Legends, with revamped combat and being able to see all the story for free. Which is good news. So if (and it's a big if) they get the action combat right and if they don't nickel and dime the players (it'll be f2p) then it could be quite the winner. But hell at f2p you may as well give it a go rather than taking my word for it."
76561198111387435,Not Recommended,215280,12289835,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Araminis,"Im now giving a thumbs down because i havent even played the new game, bought all the issues and now they make a new game use old reviews and dont even tell us what we will recieve after buying all the issues (prob some lame cosmetic thats useless or something not even worth the value)this was my TSW review that was positive,Nice game, easy to play my only complaint is that the combat is a bit of button mashing but the story line and graphics have made it fun to play. Its worth a try seems to be alot of content."
76561197979953655,Recommended,215280,842423,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Woah,Le Random Guy With Katana VS Chtulhu
76561198045291203,Not Recommended,215280,7918665,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ensignedwards,"The Secret World was possibly the best game I ever played. Fun, challenging gameplay and unique progression mechanics alongside breathtaking world-building and story-telling.But that was then. Funcom has now shut down TSW to make way for their new ""Legends"" reboot. Those of us who kept the game alive for five years have been thrown away, all our characters and all our progress erased. Never in my life have I felt so utterly betrayed by a gaming company -- before now I would have viewed such terminology as melodramatic, but it's the only way I can describe my current feelings.The fact that Funcom is reusing the same Steam page so it can keep the reviews of the old game is also pretty dishonest. To be clear, most of the reviews on this page are for a different game that no longer exists.I cannot recommend this game unless and until Funcom somehow proves themselves trustworthy again. Why invest in a game that places no value on its own players?"
,Recommended,215280,9705941,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Vickor Gearbox,"Very Deep storyline , has a great lovecraft feel, standard MMORPG feel."
76561198246251272,Not Recommended,215280,18869738,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TheSchoolRumbler,"As of now I would reccomend not buying the game. Its gonna go free to play soon so any progress you make is going to be deleted when legends comes out. There will be no import and theyre basically saying ""screw you guys haha! We got your money now buy the same♥♥♥♥♥♥from us again!""Its gonna go free to play and you know that means that theres gonna be even more paywalls for content. I feel bad for the guys that are 90% done with the skills wheel and have invested a lot of time in the game. I was still going through the questline in Transylvania but since theyre shutting the secret world down in favor of legends I lost all motivation to keep playing and most likely wont play legends. Its going to burn, the long time players are going to quit because they lost all their♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the newbies wont stay because there wont be anyone playing the damn game."
76561197998239664,Recommended,215280,30908567,Posted: 2 April,all,winddrake5,.
76561198031447499,Recommended,215280,10857076,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Root,"I'm changing my review from negative after playing the new version.  This is actually fun.  They made a much easier combat system and powers are way easier to select.  Quests still need to be solved by googling them, but that's a minor inconvenience.Original review:A really well built setting doesn't make up for the tedious grinding.  The cutscenes and voice acted quests do help cover up the traditional mmo kill x of y or get b at c, but after two hours it get old.  The difficulty curve is all over the place, either the mobs are too easy or you are dead.Combat consisted of trying to move your character backwards from the target, while, keeping the target in a narrow cone to the front of the character, all while trying to hit the key to activate your attack.  So you had one hand on the WASD movement, one hand on the mouse to align your character to the target, and then had to either select the attack with the mouse or move your hand off the movement keys to trigger the attack.  Either way, you will stop to attack and be eaten.  I can't move and attack effectively at the same time.My character would randomly dodge at times and seemed in capable of properly aligning with targets.  The initial mission in the tutorial does not describe the frustration of combat.  I found myself hitting a wall of things that I couldn't fight.Graphics liked to bug out once in a while, mostly artifacts and flashes.  And mobs will teleport in just after you cleared out an area and think it's safe to proceed with the objective.Creating an account and registering my cd key was difficult and required reading the forum.Lore was confusing and only distracted from the details that helped build the narrative and world.The very atmospheric zones really help the story, but at the end the game is about playability and the only way I could advance was if I were to team up with other players.  In otherwords, expect to never get out of the first zone if you are soloist.If you are the sort of person that finds World of Warcraft requires too much skill or Eve Online too tedious, then skip The Secret World.  Also skip it if you have no tolerance for trying to register a game and the publisher won't accept your CD key and instead tries to get you to buy the game again.  Skip also if you hate games that try to sell you on being an empowered player and then says enjoy the corpse running.  A game almost 15 years old, Oni, did a better job at running and gunning, and it was fun.I can't help but compare this to another flop that I wanted to like, ""Champions Online"".  It's pretty much that minus the travel powers, but with better story telling."
,Not Recommended,215280,28644763,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jambatti,"My review was about Secret World, not Secret World Legends. Legends = the 100% same game, but simplified for console kids and with ugly animations."
,Recommended,215280,756095,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,ExplicitAz,"I very much enjoy this mmo, on many levels from the story line to how the leveling system works. It can seem overwhelming but it is buy to play so you can take you time and enjoy while learning the in's and out's."
76561197970303391,Recommended,215280,390393,"Posted: 6 October, 2012",all,Prepare Ur Anus,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,215280,4614386,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,DarkByke,"Original Review:Fun game, controls a bit hard to get used to, but overall interesting with unique storyline instead of the typical panda bears.Updated Review:Apparently the game will receive a combat overhaul and turn this into more of an RPG system, better for solo players.  I'm looking forward to that update and will check out the new changes when that happens."
,Not Recommended,215280,3987680,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Mister Bright,"TLDRThe original game ""The Secret World"" was an mmo that was incredibly unique and that I highly recommend to anyone.The f2p relaunch ""Secret World Legends"" is terrible.  It's only real redeeming factors are the world, the characters, the storyline and the lore.  Everything else has been butchered to death to accomidate mindless gameplay and heavy pay/grind walls.BULLET POINTS+ Story is still fantastic and worth seeing to the end+ Investigation missions promote intense puzzle solving and require outside research to finish+ World is still great to explore and there is a lot of attention to detail+ Atmosphere is wonderfully disturbing and scary+ Guilds can now be cross faction+ Investigation missions get their own slot in the quest log instead of taking a main quest slot- Combat is now incredibly spammy and heavily RNG based- Quests are level locked now, forcing you to grind to continue- Open ended skill system is now basic skill trees- Loot system is entirely dependant on RNG loot boxes, some requiring real money keys to open- Crafting is completely gone in favor of ""feed item other items to level them up"" system- Game engine and graphics are the exact same as the original game- Animations are still stiff looking and the new animations are even worse- Subscription is required to trade with others and you can only trade with other subscribers- Game is incredibly easy now with no skill being required- Obvious cash grab is obviousINDEPTH PORTIONSecret World Legends is a shameless cash grab that is trying to wring a couple more bucks out of the game ""The Secret World"" before they inevitably shut it down.  If you are a fan of the original game, stay very far away from this ""re-release"" because they basically dumbed almost the entire game down to something very basic and boring.The Secret World is one of my favorite mmo games to date.  The world is incredibly interesting.  The characters are very well written and a treat to be around.  The storyline is fantastic, not just for an mmo, but for any game period.  There was a lot of love and care put into everything and it shows with a lot of attention to detail that's worth paying attention to.Instead of just fixing what was wrong with the original and making it free to play, Funcom decided to relaunch the game with a lot of alterations in order to draw in new players.  They are calling this relaunch ""Secret World Legends"" and it is by far one of the worst things to happen to the game ever.  Remember Star Wars Galaxies?  This is basically the same thing that happened to that game but with The Secret World.  They've rebuilt the game to play very differently and it doesn't work in the slightest, turning off old fans and not drawing in new fans, leaving the game to slowly bleed out and die.First off, they've removed the progression system from the original and instead added levels to gain.  The problem that arises in Legends is that you have to grind now.  Quests were not locked by level in the original so you could do them when you found them until your quest log was full.  Now, quests are level locked and if you aren't a certain level, you can't do those quests.  The big problem comes when you want to do story quests and continue the actual narrative.  If you aren't above a certain level, you are stuck.  The worst thing about this system is when it comes to repeating quests.  Before, there was a timer that counted down to when you could repeat the quest and get more xp/items.  That timer was around 20 hours.  In Legends, patrons/subscribers get an 8 hour timer before they can repeat a quest.  If you aren't a subscriber, the countdown timer is 68 hours long.  I'll leave it at that.Secondly, they've butchered the open ended skill system from the original.  Before, you could pick whatever skills you wanted from whatever weapon you wanted and combine them into something that worked or didn't work.  It was easy to respec if you screwed up and the fun came in experimenting and creating crazy combinations that did a lot of cool things.  Now, you get very basic skill trees.  You are prompted to pick a class at the beginning (something the original game did not have because you could do whatever you wanted with whatever you wanted) and that basically dictates what your starting weapons are.  If you want to use other weapons, you have to unlock them with in game currency.The combat was a huge sticking point for some people in the original game.  It wasn't perfect, but it worked and required skill/thought to be successful at.  Now, it's been butchered into something incredibly simple and boring.  Basically, all you have to do now is spam one skill over and over again to kill everything in the game, with very little use of other skills.  It's a spammy mess and it's just not good.  What's worse is that now a lot of the combat and skills are based around RNG (Random number generator) so even if you use a certain skill, you'll end up with the skill not working properly because you didnt generate the correct number.  This almost entirely ruins the magic weapons (blood, chaos and elemental) in the game because they are very heavily based around RNG now.Speaking of RNG, one of the single worst things they've done is with the new ""looting"" system.  You know how in other games when you kill things they sometimes drop items for you to loot?  That doesn't apply to Legends at all.  Instead of dropping loot, mobs and dungeon bosses will drop a ""loot bag"".  They will even drop locked loot bags that can only be opened with a special key that needs to be purchased with real money.  The basic loot bags give you low level equipment that's almost never worth equipping or upgrading (more on that later).  What's worse comes in the form of dungeon boss drops.  Instead of dropping high quality gear like dungeon bosses used to, they now drop 1 treasure chest that has an RNG mechanic to it.  This gives you a very slim chance to get a somewhat decent item but most of the time you will end up just getting upgrade materials.  Oh...and these dungeon chests need a special key to open as well.  They only give you a certain amount of keys per day so you can't actually grind dungeons for loot because you will run out of keys (even though the rest of the game is super grindy now).Are you noticing a trend here?One of the biggest turn offs from the original game was that it was very intimidating and difficult.  It was a game that required you to pay attention to things and actually think.  If you could do those things, you were rewarded with a very rich experience that rewarded experimentation.  Now, it's been transformed into a boring, mindless button masher that requires absolutely no skill or attention to succeed at.There are still some good things about the game that have remained untouched (thankfully).  The storyline is the same as the original and it is fantastic.  The characters are memorable, the writing is great and the atmosphere is spooky/disturbing.  Cutscenes are fully voice acted and the VO is actually surprisingly well done.  The investigation missions are pretty much the same and still require a lot of thought and actual research to succeed at.  Another good thing is that now guilds can be cross faction, instead of being dedicated to only 1 faction.  Investigation missions also get their own quest slot instead of taking up a main mission slot in your quest log on the side of the screen.Funcom is offering a legacy thing for people who have old secret world accounts, letting them import most of their earned cosmetics from the original game into Legends.  The problem with this is that you only have until August to do this and you will never be able to after that, plus some of the cosmetics are entirely missing.  They are also allowing the import of any remaining subscription time and funcom points into Legends, but it was either abandoned or they haven't implimented this stuff yet."
76561198085173934,Recommended,215280,17102466,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Zokar,"This review is for Secret World Legacy. For The Secrett World Review, scroll down.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As a person who played the Original Game, The Secret World, I had my reservations about the new system.I feared it was a purely monetized system for p2w features the likes which would make SW:TOR blush.  It seems I was wrong.During your gameplay you will notice a pure lack of drops from monsters/mobs/NPCs. You get some for mission completion and some for unique monster kills. but thats it. and then you level up more and start getting purple 'agartha' caches (STO lockboxes, basically) where you need to buy keys to open them. and then you hear* on the interwebs that people arent getting returns as they expected. so .. lockboxes aren't p2w.. i mean yeah its monetized rather.. <cough> bluntly.. but its not p2w.So you think to yourself, 'how besides the market at inflated prices will i get the weapons i need/want?!'  Welcome to a version of PvP that doesn't favour -anyone-The pvp system only lets you join a queue. you can not team up. you can not premade/murderface. you can join a queue. best of luck.Just participating (or so its been for me) everytime i PvP i goto my menu and click 'pvp spoils' and inside that menu i can claim a 'lockbox' for pvp /which does NOT require a pay key to open/Inside that PvP cache you'll get most likely 2 items.  I've only done this a few times and have already seen decent cyan items.  and again. f2p pvp without pr4emade teams.So take it or leave it, i feel assured that while a person /can/ spend money here, that money will not make them a more equipped or better player.(although the 3 day cooldown on missions is only 8 hours for subbers)(and they get more dungeon keys\day or something)The below review was for The Secret World, NOT Secret World Legeacy---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<3"
76561198054893876,Recommended,215280,29433048,Posted: 22 January,all,glennfortson,"A fantastic game! The investigation quests are unique and challenging, requiring either vast real world knowledge or guides. The sabotage missions are either stealth or trap oriented (or both) and are fairly rare to see in the mmorpg genre. The voice over work and cut scenes are awesome (Nassir!). The music is also fantastic (I Walk Into Empty quest!) You can learn everything on one character, the active powers you can choose are based on the weapons you wield and you can choose passive powers from any weapons type to mix and match as you like. Definitely worth a play through even if you don't want to do dungeons and raids just for the quests (which are repeatable on a timer)."
76561197987033147,Recommended,215280,33314227,Posted: 6 July,all,BlueLE3,"Update:It's getting better, at least those who need it, get their 2nd vanity transfer."
,Recommended,215280,25574101,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,"<""Lt.Giuberia"">","Game is ok, but is a downside from what the original TSW was."
,Recommended,215280,24055082,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,IvanTheTerrible79,"OKEveryone should be aware that the mostly negative reviews coming through right now are from people who are upset (rightfully so in my opinion) at the way that the ""old"" version of this game was essentialy taken behind the barn and shot in the back of the head, so veteran players with literally thousands of hours feel cheated out of all their hard work; especially in endgame where the grind was pretty real. Not only time, but also a rediculous amount of money is essentially gone, having been spent on utilities or items that cannot and will not ever be transferable to the ""new"" build. What little is tranferable is essentialy just cosmetic; some (or maybe most idk) clothes that your character had unlocked, pets and sprints/mounts where able to be transfered in this limited period (probly over by the time you read this review). All players start from scratch, including all your missions and the titular legends (formerly lore) are all ""reset"" in this new game, so you goda do all that all over again.Ok now that you know why the game has such a flood of red pinkies on the review page, time to get down to the review itself.Is swl worth playing?-maybeis swl worth trying at least once?-for everyone, even players that don't fancy themselves the mmo or 3rd person action rpg type (i only play competetive shooters, but i tried tsw, and now i still play only competetive shooters AND this game)Gameplay :3Its ok, it does the job, and I am a massive customization ♥♥♥♥♥, so experimenting with weapon combos and builds does keep me pretty decently entranced, but it isnt as massively customizable as tsw was, its ok in my opinion tho; the new addition is a diablo esque ""unique"" item system where all weapons and talismans (<- like the armor that has your stats in other mmos) have pretty rare items that have, not game breaking like in diablo, but really nice and fluffy (<- meaning lore/story based) effects like one ""secret"" weapon flavor is having a revenant spirit posses your weapon for example. These ""unique"" items are not endgame at all, you should find at least one by the time you run your first couple dungeons which happens like 1-2 hours into the first zone. Another point about your items, is that you level them up with other weaker items, so you could realisticaly find an assault rifle you really like in the first zone, and keep playing with it and leveling it up all the way until the very most extreme hardcore endgame content. This makes leveling not a race to get to max level before you start caring about your gear, but instead it makes all the time you play very fun and engaging, as a brand new player can get a ""god tier"" item just like a 1000 hour player, and it would be just as meaningful in both cases.The game systems themselves do the job.I thought about this for a long while, even complaining about this in the closed beta; the combat itself just isnt as flashy or visualy or kinetically as pleasing as some of the new korean/japanese action mmorpgs. I dont even know if this really matters tho, since my opinion has changed since playing other mmos looking to find a gem like tsw before they made swl; honestly even the flashiest mmorpgs combat to me just becomes mundane after the honey moon period is over. Once the grind for endgame begins, my brain just filters out the flashy combos and colourful light shows, it becomes baseline to me, not nearly as exciting as when I first watch the trailers or whatever. In this way, I think back to EVE online, most hardcore pvp players don't even look at their ships anymore, they are so far zoomed out in the tactical view, and yet eve has incredible stability in an mmo market where games just die after 6 months to a year. I think of swl in the same way, the combat is not even close to EVE levels of orbit 7k go make a coffee and come back and still win the fight, it is just engaging and complex enough to be stimulating to play for 400 hours without feeling sick of it or bored, but it also doesn't look terribly impressive compared to other even not brand new mmos. I personaly think that the combat is an important and critical part of the game, but ultimately you should look at the game as a whole, not just judge it based on its combat.Story :3If swl was like going to Kabukicho, then the pleasant train ride over with complementary tea and biscuits would be the combat; and snorting cocaine of a high class escorts midriff while she, or he (based on your preference) gives you hundred dollar bills and hamburgers, would be the story, world, and atmosphere.THis♥♥♥♥♥♥is top notch my dude. with 3 factions to choose from *cough* with only one best faction *cough* and like a bajilion fully voice acted missions to play through, and a bajilion non voice acted missions, there is so much here that it would put a single player game made after 1999 cry in a corner like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. EVERYTHING in this game oozes story and mystery. Did i mention that the central theme of this game is mystery and conspiracy????? Nothing is as it seems young bee, and in time you too will learn the truth.Conclusion :3Whether the veterans like it or not, the relaunch of this beloved game has been a smashing success, if auction house exchange rates are anything to go by, this game has an incredibly active EVE styled premium to non premium currency market; I imagine that the COMPLETELY OPTIONAL AND AQCUIREABLE WITHOUT SPENDING 0.01 CENT premium currency sales alone ensure that this game is going to have a continuation to its story. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing massive as is, it will probably take a casual player literally months and months to actually go for 100% story completion, and then there is an endgame; diablo like greater rift dungeons and single player scenarios that go to rediculous difficulty levels as well as other more extreme and complex (and thematically apropriate) lairs and summonings. This game can seem easy at first, but take one step off the carnival ride of kiddy pool safety, and this game will bust your teeth in with a rusty pipe.You absolutely must try this game. This game is free, and if you arent enthralled, then at least you can play through the amazing story all the way to the end, without spending a single dime, and then uninstal and never touch it again. This game's story content alone is better than deus ex mankind devided for example, which had the balls to come out full price and with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ single player micro transactions. If you are a new player, then you are in for a real treat, and I don't want to spoil the first time playthrough with too much crap or overhype, but honestly there is so much that I havent even mentioned here, that will (hopefully) pleasently surprise you :)good luck, and have fun!"
76561198074812617,Not Recommended,215280,30825057,Posted: 29 March,all,WuYiXiang,"I can't recommend SWL after having played it. Yes, a lot of the good things about TSW are still there - but so are the bad. Most of the TSW bugs from years past are still there. Everything has been simplified - Hell, if you're a completionist like I am, you can expect to be well over-leveled for story content. Also, the majority of gimmicks are highly RNG-based, and TSW already had more than enough of that going on. Hit, Glance, Penetration, Critical, Evade, Block, and now gimmicks. Combat feels just as clunky as it did in TSW with no noticeable improvments. Personally, I'd go play a different MMO, but that's just me."
76561198048113792,Not Recommended,215280,30822642,Posted: 29 March,all,deunan_of_rubika,"The game itself ranges from okay to very good on different elements.  The writing for the story line is excellent, and arguably the best currently out for any MMORPG.  Ditto for the voice acting and the games use of cut scenes to introduce the main missions is great.The gameplay itself is somewhat similar to ESO regarding aiming.  It is very forgiving compared to a traditional FPS or TPS game that requires aiming.The skills and abilities have been significantly simplified which has its good and bad points.  While paring away ones that no one really used under the old TSW model might make sense they changed pretty much all of the skills and abilities and there is far less synergy for skills across different weapon lines so build diversity has been severely compromised.In the end it is free to play so I leave it to you as to whether you want to give the game a try but I can't recommend it in its current state as a game.The storyline and open world PvE content has been made even easier than it was in TSW, which says a lot because it was pretty easy to handle in TSW.  Take that for what you will but if you want an MMORPG with challenging content in that respect, SWL is not going to do it for you.  You are basically going to be able to face roll over that portion of the content for the game with the exception of Dungeon missions which have different levels of difficulty that players can select.Overall the mission (quest) system is very good compared to most other MMORPG's.  There Action missions, which are your typical hunt and kill quests, Sabotage missions which are quests that call for you to use stealth, avoidance and distractions (although you can now face roll over much of this depending on your level and gear, and Investigation missions which require you to go outside the game and use the internet based on clues provided in the mission to figure out how to progress further in the quest and complete it.Gear progression is grindy.   No big surprise there as it's how most MMORPG's get players to keep playing the game.  Like many free to play models, the micro transaction model allow you to speed up progression by providing store items that can increase gear progression that can only be purchased with game currency that can only be introduced into the world by purchasing it with real money.  Players can purchase that currency from other players with another kind of in game generated currency but getting that other kind of currency largely entails grinding out daily content to complete daily challenges.  That being said, because most of the PvE content isn't particulary challenging you can complete most of the PvE game content with sub par gear.Customer support is very very bad atm.  It takes weeks to get a response from a filed customer ticket, even longer to get a response for an in game filed petition.  Live chat only supports payment issues but with only two choices for payment processing and only one reputable one (PayPal) many if not all payment issue requests in live chat end up in the in the aforementioned ticket system.  At less than 7 days before launching on Steam the response time is only going to get worse.  As a result I think they are going to end up burning a lot of turf including on payment issues which may effectively kill the game's long term prospects."
,Not Recommended,215280,29183408,Posted: 11 January,all,†Capt'n†Alister†,"(THE Secret World: Was an awesome game with a great story, great gameplay, helpfull people, awesome dlc and FULL audio from getting every mission. plus its LoveCroft, that alone should make you buy this game.)(↑ Old review I recommended the game)----------------------------------------------------------(↓ New game for Legends recommendation)Now with the new installment of the game, Secret World: Legends. The game is now officially Dead. This game is not worth my time, money nor my effort to play or recommend. if you want to play the real game, ""The Secret World."" you will no longer be able to play it via Steam anymore. you will have to get it off the website and download the client.Found here:https://register.thesecretworld.com/accountNOTE: TSW will no longer be updated."
76561198019572384,Not Recommended,215280,22509768,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[DoH]Heartstopper,"I don't know why I'm even bothering to post this since it won't let me update the posting date.  Nobody will see this.I really wanted to like this game.  I went into SWL as a huge fan of the universe, but unfortunately the pros are far outweighed by the cons.  The overall lore and feel of the atmosphere still seems to be there, but I can't stand the new combat system at all.  The new visuals are cool, but they went completely overboard with oversimplifying everything.If a game that by it's core design encourages using two weapons, while at the same time effectively penalizing you for building around both of them, then it is already broken.  This isn't something they can tweak with numbers...they would have to redesign everything from the ground up.  They should have never removed the skill wheel.Sure you can be driving around the most gorgeous countryside, but if the car is an old smokey Pinto that won't get out of 2nd gear it's still going to be a miserable experience.None of this even takes into account the extremely heavy-handed nature of the f2p monetization.  It's in your face with literally every aspect of the game, and even subscribers don't get adequate compensation.Then there's the shady tactic of using the original game page's reviews to make the game's reception look way more positive than it is.The atmosphere and story are top-notch, but the forementioned issues just kill the game.  I can't in good conscience recommend this to anyone."
76561198132333027,Recommended,215280,19302950,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,ItsEasyMkay,Deep and enjoyable story.
,Recommended,215280,20799922,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,dQremy,"I picked up TSW in early 2016 but never truly got into it until around early January 2017. I loved my experience in TSW but here's my experience in SWL (pre-Steam launch):Cons:- Meh graphics. They aren't bad but they aren't great. They look somewhat outdated.- Meh interface. Dragging stuff around feels slow, typing feels slow, some stuff looks too big and clunky.- Combat system still isn't great. It's like a tab-target system masquerading as reticule-based combat. Better than TSW but not by much; still inferior compared to the likes of Neverwinter, TERA, BnS, BDO, etc.- Combat animations still aren't that good. Again, better than TSW, but characters still look somewhat wooden and unimpressive. However, skill effects and graphics are really pretty for most weapons.Pros:+ Outside of combat animations, character animations like idles, gestures, etc look pretty good. They seem fluid and realistic, and this shows especially in the numerous dance emotes. Animation in cutscenes also looks really good.+ Speaking of cutscenes, the voice acting is great. Accents sound authentic and characters sound believable. A lot of them seem to speak in riddle, but it isn't THAT hard to piece together what they're saying.+ And speaking of characters themselves, there's plenty of character customization options. Hundreds of clothes and vanity items to collect.+ Investigation Missions are the BEST. These missions won't direct you to a place and tell you to kill X amount of Y. In these missions you're like a detective. You have to gather clues, put them together, and solve mysteries. They are VERY well-designed.+ Storyline is every bit as groundbreaking as TSW's. Great setting, great lore, great plot premise, great storytelling of said plot. Some plot holes and gaps that were in TSW were fixed so that the story flows better in SWL. It's a lot easier to piece things together.+ The atmosphere is also great. Good sound design, good ambient tracks, good background music. Pair this with well-designed lighting (despite what I said about the graphics being meh) and well-designed maps. The game is big on the immersion factor.+ Overall the story, lore, and atmosphere makes for a really enjoyable experience if you can get past the combat and graphics. It's one of the game's main selling points, and it rivals the storylines of most single-player RPGs.+ BONUS: Because its lore and story is so well-done, the game has a really good roleplaying community. It's somewhat small but they're dedicated and there's tons of possible stories that you can create that still fit with SWL's lore.Overall rating: 8/10, combat and graphics are meh but the story and lore is really good. Plus I'm also having lots of fun with its roleplaying community. Would recommend SWL to people who like storyline and people who like to roleplay."
,Not Recommended,215280,6665435,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Retarded Jellyfish,"Had to edit my review from 2013, in order for it to reflect SWL instead of TSW.>>>PAY-2-WIN<<<¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯That should be the name, not Secret World Legends.And o'boy is this game expensive.Subs are $12,99/mo, and it will give you little to nothing. It will give you double the AP/SP, roughly 400ish extra till you reach level 50, after that the XP progression is so slow it doesn't matter.Free anima leaps is probably the best part, but that's not worth $12,99. Oh and you get one cache key per day.. you'll probably get 200 caches/day (you can buy keys for €1.50).What about vanity items? Yeah, they are still sold in the most awkward shop ever designed in a game. It's the same items they sold in the original TSW shop, they just increased the price to absurdity:A full outfit (The Plague Doctor in this example) costs roughly 3500 Aurum, that's either $35 or 500,000 in game cash Marks of favour. These outfits been around since 2013, nothing new.$35 is never and never will be a ""microtransaction"".Upgrades? You have to upgrade Inventory Slots and Bank Slots, otherwise the game turns into Item Management Simulator 2017. So what are the prices? Start of with 300 Aurum for 5 slots ($5), Then 500 Aurum, then 1000 Aurum and so on. To buy 15 slots will set you back $19,99. But you'll need that in the bank as well, so $40, just for a limited amount of space (not close to enough of what you'll need).Sprint upgrades are just as expensive. Final sprint will set you back $10. You'll of course need that to get achivements like Speedhax. But that alone is not enough. It also costs Aurum to open up new Weapons. And you will need a weapon that has speed improvement, like Blade. That'll set you back another few hundred Aurums.The game makes sure that during progression you'll never have enough Shards nor Marks of Favour to progress steadily. That way, you'll always always always feel forced to use your credit card. Either that or logout, wait 72hrs, then go back in, and replay the content you just played to get the shards and MoF's you need.If you bought vanity items in TSW you can transfer them to ONE of your characters in SWL. But only some will transfer. And if you bought ACCOUNT WIDE vanity items, well, bohoo, you ain't getting that.Want to create a Cabal? Make ure you have Patron and some money at hand before you attempt that.>>>F*CK UPS<<<<¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯Since the launch FUNCOM has time after time mseed up. To the extent that it's turning into a joke in the gaming community.If you're a European, you can just ignore patron. Why? Well, all updates for this game (multiple per week), will be during your prime time. They usually last from 5ish in the evening to 8-10 in the evening. You will never be compensated with extra days. Not even when they are down for an entire day. It's basically fraud.They had so many patch failures by now that we see all patches as potential game wreckers. Not even the Steam update went flawless. Some people got automatically converted into Steam Accounts... and lost their Patron. Did they hotfix it? Nope, instead they say sorry and wait for the next patch. Compensation? Probably not, we never recieved any compensation.They use a fraudlent credit card company. They ignored the community telling them about this company that most if not all banks refuse to transfer money to.That company pulled so much money from peoples accounts and for weeks Funcom shrug their shoulders saying ""We'll look into it"". Finally they managed to get paypal.. but they already lost so much money.They changed Patron when everyone hit level 50. Most games, when they decide to do a move like this, compansate their players. Especially the ones that decided to sponsor the game directly. To help the game out. But not Funcom. They made Patron better, but only for people below level 50. Sounds like a hoax doesn't it? But no, it's true. You had to either suck it up and realize you'll never get as good stats as the newcomers, OR, re-roll, leave all your transfered stuff on your main account and then start an alt to get the extra AP/SP and XP.I now have a main account I don't play, because the stats on it can never be as good as the stats on my alt (the difference is H U G E, don't let anyone fool you into thinking anything else)So how big is the difference?My Alt has opened: HAMMER, FIST, BLOOD, ELEMENTAL, SHOTGUN, AR, BLADE) aswell as most PASSIVE for these. Fist is even MASTER LEVEL 6.My main account has opened CHAOS and HAMMER. And since all passive stats are always added, my alt has VASTLY better stats in CRIT/CRIT POWER/COMBAT POWER etc.>>>>SKELETON CREW<<<<¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯Don't expect new content any time soon. SWL has what they call a skeleton crew. Like one developer, one designer and so on. They will most likely never be able to deliver any new content. And, for the upcomming year and a half, the only content to be released are old content from TSW. Don't forget that SWL is a product from 2013, a stripped down and dumbed down version of the original game.In essence, I can no longer recommend this game. The pay walls are insane. What you get for your sub is silly and gets worseless as soon as you hit level 50 (and you can hit that level in 12hrs of game play without a problem).Microtransactions generate $$$, we get that. But when you go from macro to mega and expect the game to generate money for you, and you set up money walls the size of the great wall of china.. well, then you have a sinking ship on your hands.The Secret World was and is still my favorit MMO. SWL, removing the huge walls they have, is also really really good.And even for someone like me that spent well over $400 so far in this game, the constant reminder that anything you do, will cost BIG money, get annoying.So I'll probably step away from this game now and just look at it when it crumbles into the land of forgotten Funcom games... they have a few by now. :("
76561198078975430,Recommended,215280,14598892,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lyrue,"This game is amazing. Interesting storyline, awesome quests with riddles and hide-and-seek elements. improved combat since tsw and its all FREE! i miss only skill wheel and maybe harder combat. so i highly recomend this to all."
,Not Recommended,215280,7324039,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,LordUnborn,"Well Funcom killed another game.This game isn't worth trying to play through far enough to review.  They stripped almost all the working mechanics from the original and put them behind horrible paywalls.  Yeah I will just go download the original version and play there.  No more updates but at least I am not being mugged.This is my original Review from 2013:I am impressed so far.  I have only been playing for a week or two but this game actually has promise.  I have not tried the PvP as I am a PvE player for the most part but this game has a bunch of Pros and only a few Cons that I have found so far.Pros1.  This is a MMORPG in a major way.  The quests are very well done.  They are puzzles and are difficult.  The game has abuilt in web Browser to help google things and find answers to the puzzles.  Seems Funcom went and put hints all over the internet and has you find the hints in the real world and apply them to the game.  It keeps the quests entertaining and fresh.  No more just hitting escape to avoid the dialog and reading kill X/X of this monster / badguy.  That is not to say that there are not kill X/X quests but they are NOT the only thing and are actually the most infrequent type.2. Your character can be anything they want.  Want to be a Jack of all trades then go right ahaed.  Want to just be a caster who can CC and Heal and DPS?  Sure thing.  Want to dump everything into Assault Rifles?  Go right ahead.  You can actually with enough time fill every role completely (that would take a huge amount of time but it can be done and you get a special outfit for it).  Character development is entirely up to you.3. This game is NOT for children.  The theme is VERY dark, the first quest area is right out of a lovecraft novel (No really Kingsmouth is Innsmouth).  The language is harsh and the subject matter is R rated (a guy telling his female sidekick that she needs to keep her legs open to draw in more followers).Cons1.  The game is difficult.  This is one you may want to play with friends.  The game is not unsoloable but it is tough.2.  The quests are HARD.  Some of the puzzles are pretty tough to get through.  Expect to use a lot of Google.3.  There is a very poor tutorial on the character skills aspect of the game.  There is no respecs.  You put points in Blood Magic and they are there forever.  Which is more realistic in terms of if you learn a skill it stays with you you don't just forget it but it leads to a LOT of grinding for AP and Skill points.  That being said you can do almost every quest over and over again (after a slight time delay).  I recommend reading about the Character Decks (sort of a guided template with a reqard for filling that role).4. It is a F2P title which means that after your first 30 days your going to have to either subscribe or your going to miss some of the features.  Some potions only work on subscribers/  I don't mind the F2P format so far as it really doesn't effect the early game so much.Overall I think the game has a LOT of potential and I hope that further updates and mandates from Funcom's EA overlords don't ruin a very unique gaming experience.At the time of this writting I have had the game less that 2 weeks and have logged 35 hours in game."
76561198025297329,Not Recommended,215280,13627327,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AsdyThePriest,"Update for 2017 The Secret World Legends. Honestly, I think they should have made a new game-base on steam, because the old reviews are reviewing a completely different play experience.Sadly, I have to change my review from positive to a negative with the new relaunch. Don't get me wrong, the game is still good, and I will play it for the story, but once I complete the main quest again,  I'll probably be done. I downright loved the original Secret Worlds. It was a game I told everyone about. But this new Legends release is akin to being offered a sandwich and only getting a slice of cheese between bread. Yes, it's a sandwich, and yes, it's good, but it's not something you're going to want to spread the word about. This new Legends is that cheese sandwich.They added in microtransactions (that aren't required, but definitly make the game MUCH less of a headache if you dish out $100 - inventory slots and such stupidity. Im not talking GEAR, I'm meaning basic MMO givens), lowered the patron bonuses, made it almost impossible to play different gear sets (you basically pick 2 weapons and those are the one's you'll be using for a long, long time), lowered difficulty on quests, FORCED RETICLE (I hate reticle combat), and implemented cache drops. The cache drops are something that really gets me frustrated. They drop like candy. I received over 40 of them in one night of questing. They don't sell worth crap. And can only be opened with a Cache key. Patrons get 1 key a day (JUST ONE) but you can buy them for $1.80 each. Thats nearly $2 to open a box that has a MINISCULE change of a pretty cosmetic. I have never received anything of value from my caches. I don't even bother opening them anymore.---The below review is from 2014 for The Secret World (not legends) and was positive.The Secret World is an odd gem of a game that had somehow escaped my notice - and the notice of many others. I'll break down the Good, the Bad, and The Ugly:The Good:- This game is stunningly beautiful. That said, you will have to have a somewhat high-end gaming PC to really get the full prettiness to work. The world's layouts are lush, realistic, and full of details that just make it seem like an actual place you could find.- You get to pick one of three secret societies to join: The Illuminati, the Templars, and the Dragons. They each have slightly different main storylines, but overall they’re the same. Personally, the Illuminati storyline is more entertaining – but I’m partial to the Templars.- The player movements are clear and smooth and they did a wonderful job making it so you can have your character look however you want. Desire to make a pink-haired, mohawked, girl with a tattoo covering half her face? Go for it! Wish to have her defeating the hordes of undead wearing nothing but a pushup-bra, hot pants, and bunny slippers? You can get that, too!- The game has no set ""Leave it and go"" skill build. The Secret World only lets you have so many skills on a bar for you to use. You can change them out between battles. By having a ton of different skills and weapons, you can make thousands of different builds to defeat your enemies with. You can use two weapons at a time - but no rules on which you use together. This is a plus because of the variety, the creativity, you can put into your killing tactics.- The game still has the Holy Trinity: Heals, Tank, DPS, but those rules aren't set in stone. Healers may DPS, Tanks may be the group's only heals. You never know what could work.- The Storyline is FAN-$#@!ING-TASTIC. It's short, I'll give you that, but the plot and NPCs are well written, interesting, voice acting is great, and they help push you along. The story grips you. Word of advice: DO NOT SKIP CUT SCENES. Watch every-single-one. Don't let your friend rush you through the game. Don't look up walkthroughs. Try to do it all yourself before you go for help. This is honestly the first game I can say I've had The Bible, Google, and a Latin translator open at the same time in an effort to complete a single side quest.- The leveling system is pretty simple. You gain enough experience and you get Ability Points and Skill Points. You put them into improving your gear and unlocking skills.The Bad:- Alright, there is one thing you must know about this game before you get start: Buggy game is buggy. The console will crash, the screen will randomly go fish-eyed, floors may not register, and buffs/bosses may decide that today is not a good day to #$%@ with them. What many players wish is that the game developers would hold off releasing a new update and instead fix the current issues of the game. This doesn't cause the game to be unplayable - you just may have to restart it every now and then. That said, I have a friend where when his game crashes, he has to install at least a 1GB patch each time…so there’s that.- The Storyline is short. If you actually sit and do the storyline, you could probably get it done in a weekend if you really worked at it. Would be hard, but you could do it.- Once you're done filling up your wheels with the Skill Points and Ability Points, you don't really have much else to do. You sit at the cap and hope you discover something to spend your experience on. The game gave us a thing to spend points on…they’re called Augments – and you will learn to both love and hate them.- Scenarios. Just play the game. You’ll understand what I mean.- Gear upgrades are done through either PVP or doing Nightmare Dungeons. You get tokens and you purchase the gear and upgrades yourself. Bosses in Nightmare Dungeons do drop gear, but it cannot be upgraded so after a while you end up just greeding on everything – no matter the dungeon difficulty – because all you’re looking for is that token the boss drops – not the ring, belt, or sword. You break those down for materials. The harder dungeons just give you bragging rights…which is sad.The Ugly:- PVP in this game is kind of an iffy object. While not BAD, it sure isn’t GOOD. It’s a three-way of Dragons-vs-Templars-vs-Illuminati and three pvp gaming modes. The most popular and easiest mode is a place called “Fusang”. It’s a simple mode where you take over locations on the map and defend them against the enemy factions. There’s no time limit. It doesn’t end. You just leave when you’re done. Every minute you’re in Fusang, you get points – and you spend those points on high-end gear and upgrades for said gear. The more locations your factions control, the more points you get. Which leads to the ugly of the ugly: there’s nothing you can do in Fusang if your team has 2-3 active players and the enemy team has 10. It’s just a steamroll of frustration. The mode isn’t always balanced – not the game’s fault because it’s just how many people have joined the mode.- Other players. While all MMOs have trolls and people you want to “accidently” hit with a baseball bat repetitively, you will run into folks who really need to put on their big girl panties. Some players are extremely loyal to their faction and you having an alt in another faction could cause them to have a mental breakdown. Which is where the “Ignore” function comes into play. But most players are cool. Most are interesting, helpful, and good people.- World Events. Holiday happenings on The Secret World are fantastic. New, fun quests. New clothing items. Pets. All types of interesting pretty things for you to obtain. And often World Bosses. These are bosses that appear in zones around the world. The servers for the game are not made to have that many players in one place, at one time, performing spells and actions on one target. Prepare for lag. It has little to do with your computer – it’s the servers – so don’t take it personally. Just enjoy it.TLDR: Beautiful game, secret societies, fun quests and storyline, lots of creativity. Buggy game is buggy, here there be trolls, not a long storyline. Still flipping fantastic despite the flaws. Get it."
,Recommended,215280,27571723,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,frootlooper,"Note: This below review is for the original Secret World, NOT Secret World Legends.This is one of my all time favorite games. The story. Is. Amazing. So much detail and depth with a wide variety of characters. And there is so much of it too. I love the classless system because I hate being tied to an early game decision. Being able to unlock all the abilities is cool. I don't interact with the community much other than for events and the occasional dungeon run, but they've been super nice and I'm planning on interacting more now that I'm almost finished with the story content. Love all the clothing options for characters. Despite having few options for the appearance of your character you can still really make them an individual. The overall ambiance of the game is super cool too."
,Recommended,215280,9925595,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Rinera,"Let's be honest, The Secret World was never really that great for an MMO. Its repliability had always been on a par with pilling potatoes, and everything had always been annoyingly tedious to grind for at the end-game. However, what it always provided was a great story and fun quests with some legitimate variety. Sure, it might have had some questionable changes but the meat of it still remains.So, now that it's free to access AND with all the content available for all in a more streamlined way, I can't see a reason not to recommend it compared to the previous version. Just don't expect some experience you will be playing for thousand of hours, but a fun time for a hundred or so following the questline and sidequests."
,Not Recommended,215280,10952412,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Edward Wong-Hau Pepelu Tivruski,"EDIT SINCE RELEASE OF SWL.BRING BACK RAGNAR AND STOP RUINING MY FAVORITE MMOReview for TSW""Let me tell you a ♥♥♥♥ing story: Once upon a time. See? You're hooked already."" -AnansiAre you fond of stories?Ones that begin with a boy walking with his widowed-father through a civil-war torn Barcelona, to a sanctuary of books for a novel that would lead him down the road to an obsession that would lose his own fair Albertine?Of a tear-full girl waiting at a train station during the fall of the tsars, where after one step around the cleated stylobate, is thrown into a world of  the unnamed ones from the old stories before Russia ever was, of their trickery, while finds forlorn love for the author of her book that long-ago disappeared in that mansion with the krasnaya dver.Imagine if that boy was that author, two stories linked.Imagine if you were able to find him.Welcome to The Secret World. (Now The Secret World: Legends)The Secret World flopped as an MMO upon it's release, but quickly developed a dedicated fan base.The game itself is set upon the supernatural and mythical. If you are a fan of shows such as The Fringe and Supernatural, and Authors such as Stephen King and Dean Koontsz, then you will definitely love this game."
,Not Recommended,215280,16840543,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Patchy,The transition from Secret World to Secret World Legends meant wiping all your character progress. ALL YOUR PROGRESS.
76561197988451550,Not Recommended,215280,20577708,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,SpiritChef,"Edit:Just logged into the game, seems like a reskin has happened, my character has been wiped.  Get stuffed I'm not starting again, what a joke. Paid good money, only to have 40 hours up in smoke, bye bye....And the money that was paid for the orginal game came with buffs etc, now those buffs to help with character development have been wiped, so the money I paid is now totally worthless.This is disgusting business practice, I will never ever buy from FUNCOM ever again....BEWARE!!"
,Recommended,215280,2405529,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Laughing Man,"I feel like I have taken enough time into the new version of this game to share my opinions. If you played TSW before, the only thing different this time around are the combat mechanics, a new hub in agartha, and the micro transactions with currency known as Aurum. Right now, this game is a really gimped version of the old version, it seems like the company is going through content that was offered free and finding some way to make it not so free to use, like the barber shop, or the plastic surgeon. Even being a patron (The subscription service) which granted offers alot of bonuses like increased exp or double ap and sp you arent entirely free from microtransaction, but it does reduce the temptation.While there arent the obvious signs that say buy in game currency with cash!! buy buy buy! it does things that are subtler, like giving you a ton of cache boxes (think of it like mystery boxes in overwatch or something), you need a key to open it and the key is only available for purchase using aurum. It does a bunch of little things that push in the back of your mind that there is always a means of blowing cash.I dont know how to view this, I lost alot of progress since everything is being reset, but I always find myself coming back because I still love the atmosphere and the storytelling of the game. Its not all doom and gloom either, you can spend in game cash to buy Aurum. So early on it will be really tempting to purchase aurum with your own cash but once you get later into the game you will not struggle as much.Alot of people dont understand that if we didnt get this free to play version of the game, The Secret World would have been closed down entirely. I can appreciate that this mmo has an economy that works in a way that doesnt prevent you from being able to enjoy the game to its fullest, but to say that you cant purchase your way to better gear or instant ap and sp is a lie. Anything that could be beneficial to you can be purchased. However the only one who benefits from this is the person who bought it. it doesnt affect you in anyway, PvP is equalized, and you aren't restricted from any aspect of the worldf by not spending money, so its win win. If you for some reason have some moral obligation to be against this idea, then you've already made it in your mind that you wont play the game.However to those that dont have this qualm I really want to atleast invite you to try the game out. theres not strings attached to free play, so form your opinion this way. Many people who are not recommending this game are rather salty about the changes they have made, but as a veteran as well I feel like it would be beneficial to hear from someone who isnt wildly against these changes.Overall, I personally still recommend this game, yeah it stings that I lost my progress and the game still needs polish but I have no doubt that they will fix these issues. I for one am happy that the game will still get love and attention that it deserves. the world is too engrossing and engaging to be tossed."
,Recommended,215280,9599753,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,NumberFive,"Do you like Rpgs? Do you like to dig for clues, decypher codes? Do you like dungeons and no class limits?This is the game for you..From stealth quests, to research quests, defence quests, to a great story line, this is the game to play..Completly underrated in my opinion..8/10BUY IT!!!"
,Not Recommended,215280,18835854,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dyrfinna,"So I've taken a look at this legends thing, and I'm still unimpressed. Combat has become marginally less boring but it's still tedious as hell. Other than that, I don't really see any significant differences. Their efforts to increase texture resolution hasn't really worked for the avatars, glaring sharp edges which one may not have noticed before because they fitted with the style before are now far more defined and mess up the forms.I don't see what the fuss is about. The difference as compared to the original is so small that it's really not more than a minor update. The incredible combat tedium is still there, and nothing else significant has changed.I've really tried to like this game... for ages, but there are no fun bits to work towards. It just stays boring. So, still can't recommend it to anyone.My original review, before Legends is below.Story is really good.... but... the setting is unsubtle. First outing you have is into a zombie infested over-the-top crawling with the occult island. If you're making a story... wouldn't it more interesting to make the extra-ordinary gradually become more apparent? Let people slowly move into the all-out zombie infestations. All the NPC's know about the secret societies, zombies and take it all in stride. The ""Secret World"" isn't particularly secret. They have completely glossed over the ""this shouldn't be happening reaction"" that should be a big thing among normal people in a setting where all legends and myths are turning out to be true. It's a missed chance. Given those restrictions though, the stories and cut scenes are very good.3D design can at best be described as lazy. Take the assault rifles. All of them must have a grenade launcher for some reason, and it's always an M203 or a nondescript piece of black piping which I at first mistook for a flashlight. Scaling and placement are wrong on pretty much all assault weapons though, presumably so save time on customizing the animations so that the toon's hands are in the right place. If you sling your weapon it rides high on your characters back in a place where no real weapon would ever be when slung. This is just one example of things which subtract from the overall quality, and it's a shame.Lazy game design is also evident in the face that this is a modern day setting where you can't even own a car?However, Combat is so tedious and boring that the good stories just aren't enough to make me slog through yet another endless mob that takes ages to kill. It's mobile combat, which is good, but the point is lost when you have to run thirty circles and fire eighteen shots (no autofire) to kill an average difficulty monster.In hindsight, I would have bought something different if I had known about the crap combat. The other downsides might well be acceptable because of the good storytelling."
76561198082455263,Not Recommended,215280,20351651,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Jack T,"My old review said thumbs up, this one says thumbs downFirst, if you come from TSW you won't get rewarded. On the contrary. For example, the motorcycle that came with sprint VI and a quest now comes with nothing. You just get the bike, Funcom keeps the rest of your money. (Unless I missed something...)Second,  for a game that ran relatively fine it's now not so great. Depth of field is worth, stuttering is more present (especially in Argatha and the Hubs and this stuttering isn't caused by the quality of my internet or the number of players) and camera moves is not smooth at all (a problem I had with several games but the Windowed Borderless mode fixed it everytime, not in TSWL's case). When you ask about it, they say it's your rig. Of course , it's your rig. The devs are perfect and if it works fine for one then it should work for everyone. (NOT)I've to add, graphics are exaclty the same. So why doesn't TSWL work the same as TSW or even better?Third, the community isn't the same anymore. When something is free, well... imagine the kind of people that will run in a store that says ''free stuff for the taking''. That's it. Even though to me, it's not that free. And shut up, I hear you say ""go back to the old version"" I was waiting for new Issues and I won't have them if I play the old one. I won't even have updates and I won't be able to do the broken quests that may be fixed in this new version of the game. Finally, I do what I want even thumb down a ""free"" game.Thumbs will go up again if everything changes in the weeks/months to come but I sincerly doubt it. I was really waiting for this new version of TSW I can say I'm deeply disappointed."
,Not Recommended,215280,32997746,Posted: 29 June,all,Wifi Bee,"Extremely repetitive, you will be done with it after 1 month going slowly.Story is great, i recommend playing it just for that .. but i've had enough with the bugs and the crashes.Sad cashgrab."
,Not Recommended,215280,20586072,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Рафал改,"The thing with MMO's is that they have to eventually die off. When an older MMO loses popularity and doesn't give the company the profits they want, of course they will try to make it more accessible and try to milk it for as long as they can. But there is something really depressing about coming back to an MMO which you have fond, nostalgic memories of, and finding that it's been completely dumbed down. You'll never be able to revisit it and experience what you did playing it for the first time, because the game you remember is gone. So I think I'll just pretend the game is dead and remember it for the good memories I have rather than play this.Farwell, my love. May your rotting corpse be milked until you evaporate from existence."
76561198011270411,Not Recommended,215280,18253448,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,SiFi,"Even with the update, the game fails to be engaging. Its sad that its failed to do so, since the lore for the game is expansive.To any and all serious MMORPG players, TSWL will leave you disapointed.But if all you want is an ok story, then this game will suit you well, if you can get past the clunky combat and grind, to get to the story."
,Not Recommended,215280,30844155,Posted: 30 March,all,Canard_de_Bain,"It is grindy as all hell and has a terrible, Korean-inspired item upgrade process where you take 2 max-level items of a given quality to make 1 minimum-level item of a higher quality. As you reach the highest level of the 3rd highest tier of equipment (all maximum), you either pay 20 USD per item to upgrade it to next tier or wait for weeks of grinding to see ANY gear progress whatsoever.The only way to feasible (with RNG) upgrade glyphs (which give you hit rating, critical rating, defense stats) is by opening caches (loot boxes) which you get 1 key / day as a subscriber OR paying 37.5 USD for 25 keys. The in-game way to get item xp for glyphs is too slow and very RNG-based. The content to acquire them is a bore, easy, and worse than in TSW.A lot of bugs from original TSW are still present here, most of the staff is gone, and this is from a barebones crew trying (but failing in design) to salvage a once-great game.The forced reticle system is highly unneccessary and is sometimes a hindrance. In a 10-man lair for instance, you have grey enemy additional monsters spawn in a grey environment, but you can't easily tab-target them to engage or spot them. Literally, the entire game could let you use tab-targeting as an OPTION, but the developers did away with it.Suggestions for improvement: Scrap the fusion system entirely, give options for increases Scenario difficulty that awards more item xp for glpyhs, and allow tab targeting.EDIT:  ""Only Funcom Points purchased from July 1st 2016 to June 26th 2017 are eligible for exchange. ""  So, if you were a FunCom vet like me with old points ($$$ currency), you got anally ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198008218794,Not Recommended,215280,27028599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Herr Noggin,The company that makes this game does not treat their paying customers with respect or act ethically as a company. I cannot recommend that anyone plays this game or spends their hard-earned money with this company.
,Not Recommended,215280,24125476,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dr. Doop,The game used to be good until it went F2P.. I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of vanilla SW and i loved the game  the way it was .. i logged into the game today to give it a shot and see what changed i was severly let down.. Not only did the Devs lie about upgrading the engine they went and put a real money currency system into the game.. WTF WERE YOU THINKING?!?!?!?! To top it all off they claimed that the veteran players were going to get special benefits blah blah blah .. i got he ultimate edition for SW years ago where the ♥♥♥♥ is my benefit? i paid my own money to get every single story unlocked in the game and now i have to progress and pay again? ♥♥♥♥ YOU funcom you money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Take my advice stay away from the game unless your wallet is over flowing with cash.
76561198071702749,Recommended,215280,6660050,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Adjuster,"Ok now i can make a better review of this personally other than mechanic changes and having to unlock weapons not much has changed alhough some missions have been removed or they are hidden. Each weapon now has special counters to increase the potency of attacks or add special effects to certain abilities. I have heard that the game is money grubby is anyone can give me a good example i would apreciate it but so far i haven't seen one yet. weapons have to be unlocked by marks of favor which you can get by completing daily tasks which net you about 5000 if you complete all of them so someone can unlock every weapon within a month or shorter if you do the bonus task; going along with this same trend you now pick which starter class to play as which will give you two weapons to choose from and each class now has a prefered role and difficulty rank to deter new players from picking something to hard for them at that time. Customization is still the same although some new clothing options were added but not enough to change how i felt about it earlier. The voice acting is still mediocre as well so don't expect any changes there. The game now has a tutorial well a earlier one anyway which goes into more detail about the game itself while familiarizing yourself with the new weapon mechanics. In conclusion for me Secret World Legends is a updated version of The Secret World going free to play to get more people in and if i had to rate it i would give it a thumbs up for customization, story, and creative builds once you unlock you weapons of choice (for me thats assault rifles, blades, and chaos)"
76561198049944015,Not Recommended,215280,24510093,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,grasharm,"Keeping the original review for core Secret world since you can still play if you go through the hoops of getting the launcher directly from funcom but legends broke one of the most imporant elements to TSW.  The unique advancement and character creation.   No longer is it an intricate web of interconnected bits.  Now it is a dumbed down version of its former glory and the one thing they could have done to make that much more palitable they didn't.  There is no controler option though the new set up screams for such a thing.  If I have to use keyboard and mouse anyway why would I use the inferior of the games?  Story still rocks but now that is all it has going for it.  Personally I'd rather play wildstar now than this.  It does mostly the same stuff better gameplay wise.  Like I said go for the original***This is the one MMO I can still  play.  Tierd of your basic class based gameplay with the same kill x number of things or collect 10 rabbit ears that drop off the feral rabbits then this is kinda your game.  You still get those kinds of quests but they aren't the only types.  Want story told to you through fmv and cutsceens instead of reading page of ater page of text then here you go.  You like read all that text then there is plenty of optional reading to keep you busy and entertained for years. I've tried all the other games but they just kept hitting too close to the same strike zone.  This one is still close but far enough away that I don't get instantly board and a been there, done that vibe."
,Not Recommended,215280,16021819,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Flallen,"Note: previous glowing review was for the older ""The Secret World"" not ""Secret World Legends.""Secret World Legends is a repackage of what was a flawed but solid game that has somehow made it's flaws standout more and smells more like a cash grab than anything else. Only play if your idea of an enjoyable experience is being disrespected by the developers.Years of dishonesty with the older player base led up to a PR fiasco of a launch which was addressed by ignoring or trolling the customers who were unhappy. The closed beta was more or less pointless. Virtually none of the criticism seems to have been taken seriously and the result is a profoundly clunky game.Recommendations:If combat in MMOs is important, go play something else. Dragon Nest if you want freemium; GW2 or ESO if you want to buy a game. I'm sure there are plenty more you could try if you looked.If story is important to you, wait for the TV show to come out and hope that Funcom is less capable of ruining that as well.Orginal The Secret World was great. Secret World Legends is atrocious."
76561198044483764,Not Recommended,215280,19040098,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Borealis,"Before the relaunch? I could and did recommend this game to my friends.After the relaunch? I frankly will not recommend this game.""You only need 1 character anyway.""In the TSW you got 3 character slots for free. The only way you get this same effect is if you had a TSW account to link. There is no point in restricting players to 1 character slot other than to wring out more money.""Its a fresh start.""My problem with that is all prior effort and love placed into this game is now moot outside of most pets, sprints and outfits if you had obtained them. I had already made a character for each faction before and leveled them up.  Now each of those characters are gone now.""But having classes is more helpful. The active and passive abilities are streamlined.""1) Yeah, as a guideline. But that was already accomplished by the ability decks you earned through ability-point purchases. In fact the ""starter classes"" don't account for other builds like Sword/Blood or Sword/Chaos. As in TSW, when you were asked to pick your weapons by the Faction Trainer, you could pick any two weapons. Perhaps you want Blood and Elemental as your starter weapons. But because of this new system you can't do that anymore.2) Also its arguably more of a hindrance in the passive side, as instead of 5 slots you originally had 8 slots.3) That you no longer can really mix-n-match three or more different weapons worth of actives+passives is also a strike against it.4) In fact, not only did you have weapon abilities, you also had neutral abilities that were complimentary to your builds.5) You also didn't have to pay for ""weapon pages"", it was a given you got it free as it was part of the Ability Wheel.6) Your passive abilities costed ability points (AP), not skill points (SP).7) Your abilities in the internal wheel for TSW were cheap and got more expensive as you expanded out into the more advanced sections of those weapons. When I mean cheap I mean 1-8 ability points (AP).8) The grind for your talismans and weapons, feeding them,  is some of the most awful stuff to experience. You know what it feels like? The signet grind. Which was not a well-receieved system.9) The initial linear questing system. What you experience when you are high enough level in a zone? That is what the original TSW was like when you first visited it. You want to do Mooses's quests after turning in ""Bullet's For Andy""? Go ahead the game had said.10) The leveling system. The original had toted itself as a game without traditional leveling. It has been reduced to traditional leveling. Very facepalm worthy."
76561198049692475,Recommended,215280,5433386,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Absurd,"Buy it. Now.Edit: 5 years later now. Game became f2p so there is no excuse not to try it. They improved soooo many things with that f2p update it feels like TSW2, almost everything has been polished and reworked."
,Not Recommended,215280,1355468,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,parsnipdotcom,"I loved ""The Secret World"" but SWL has disappointed me."
76561198040626809,Not Recommended,215280,29657310,Posted: 2 February,all,Precix,"TL;DR: Nope. Nothing new to see.SWL is an attempt to make TSW more accesible to the general (mmo)public. TSW was fun, but it lacked new content. It was fun because it had total freedom in weapon and skill selection, when to play which missions, which end-game content to play for how long you wanted. For me those were the main hooks to play it. And of course, the promised content which never came.SWL took away the freedom of weapon and skill selection. Instead, a horrible grind was introduced to upgrade weapons and gear.SWL took away the freedom of mission selection, instead locking it behind level requirement and adding a 3 day(!) cooldown to missions for F2P players.SWL took away the freedom to play the end-game content you wanted. Instead you are very limited in your options because of lockboxes with limited daily keys.For the returning player: Nope, nothing to see here, remember TSW as it was, don't spoil it with SWL.For the new player: Play the storyline, don't bother with min/max stuff or end-game content."
,Not Recommended,215280,17003380,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Alessondria,I do not like what they did with the game. It was great before with the option to play in 'action mode' or tab target mode. This new combat system (the entire overhaul) feels not so nice. The new upgrade system I do like but that's not going to win me over. I think I will be going back to the old one.Funcom did a very naughty thing with relaunching this. I like The Secret World but I do not support the decision to remake the game and force everyone to start over.
76561198014198966,Not Recommended,215280,19803361,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rafgar,"Hey all !Just want to put few words in here about this tittle. I have been playing MMORPG for over a decade now. Seen better and worst many times before. The secret world is definitely worth your attention if: you like horror climate in games, if you like freedom from start of the game, if you likke innovative ways to build and progress your character, if you dont mind progressing through most of the game on your own and dont mind spending lots of time looking for groups. Then this game is a perfect choice.Myself however i had a large issue with lack of group runs on the low level, i dont mean QL1 or 2 here i mean QL5 and above. Sadly there is no groups for new players, yes the Sanctuary chat is friendly and full of people but none of them is willing to do group runs below QL10 cause they dont get anything out of it. The facebook page is almost dead and apart from devs putting up the news there the response is very very little. Seem that the game is largely populated by high level players who dont bother with newbies. No LFG tool also does not help in this type of game as fresh players have no way to learn their class in group. Personally i think this takes a lot of good out of this game. MMORPG is all about teaming up with people and overcoming obstacle in groups and i am sad to say but you will not see this in here untill you waaaaay deep into the game and bored of feeling that you play another single player rpg.Iam recommending this game as a good game on its own but not for hard fans of team work.UPDATE FOR  SWL !!!Game has become unplayable on my Pc. Despite that i could run it on high settings before now it will not work on the lowest. Animation is choppy and the game is keep suhggesting to download latest GPU driver which i already use.Shame, it was such a good game.NEW UPDATEThe game seem to be working better in DX9 but stil unplayable in dx11 also there seem to bbe many graphic bugs visible which i did not see in original TSWWill continue testing"
,Not Recommended,215280,20568754,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Killroi,"Wow how do you ♥♥♥♥ your game up this badly?Completely ruined everything I enjoyed about the game, and I can't even get a refund.0/10; rerelease TSW Classic"
,Not Recommended,215280,14878648,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dane [GameTame.com],Do not give money for this developers. They aren't deserve it.
