user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,215530,3394528,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Meatbug,"A very atmospheric, dark-fantasy/steampunk Action-RPG.I wasn't sure about buying it, as ARPGs aren't my favourite (though i really enjoyed Diablo 2), but i didn't regret it.Actually, it's pretty well done.You play the son of the famous Van Helsing, accompanied by the ghost of Lady Katarina, which will aid you in your battle against werewolves, robots and all sorts of other monsters.The world is dark and with lots of steampunk elements in it, very detailed and atmospheric.As you progress, you also hear some nice dialogues between the two main characters, which are pretty humorous sometimes. The game is also filled with some pop-culture-references (Lord of the Rings, The Hitchikers Guide to the Galaxy, as to name only 2).Though it has some minor flaws and might not be as polished as bigger productions, it's a nice and well done game, which i would recommend to anyone who likes ARPGs."
,Recommended,215530,7635178,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,^Venusian Fleshtrader,"Excellent voice acting, original atmospheric music , 15+ hour storyline and great attention to detail easily matches full price releases. Very underrated and together with path of exile the best in their genre (with PoE being the more hardcore/advanced option).The class dlc is somewhat scummy but seeing as how the base game is so cheap its pretty bearable (plus the 'new' classes are just very specialized variants on the base class but still completely new in terms of trees and skills)Minor critiques is that the gem slot system barely makes an impact but that wont ruin your enjoyment and fairly long load times on zone transitions (but barely slowdown once properly loaded)Warning: game seems to use a consistent 1,5K-2,5K ram depending on settings"
76561198309334496,Recommended,215530,32798105,Posted: 25 June,all,DeusExMachina08,"Just finished the game last night on my first playthrough using Hunter class and on Hard difficulty.>Gameplay 9/10 You really have to pay attention on the skill/attribute points, with limited points to spend you need to find the best setup that works for you, but that's only for the first playtrough since leveling is maxed at 30, but the good thing is you can respec your character skills/attributes points through Gaspar the Gypsy and for Katarina through Vlados. Character to enemy matching is good, you don't get too OP against enemies so there is still thrill even at maxed level. Haven't tried the never ending story mode where you get to replay with stats and all equipments retained.>Story 8/10 Well thought but very predictable.>Graphics 9/10 I love the steam punk gothic noir theme of the game.>Music 9/109/10"
76561197967226747,Recommended,215530,8154285,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Lumbardix,"Nice but short gameVan Helsing is a typical hack'n'slay with skill tree, mana, cooldowns and so on.I took me about 18 hours to complete the game with one character (caster aka Thaumaturge), this include finishing all sidequests and expose every single area. Compared with other games like torchlight this is a bit short.One variety was a tower defence part and the possibility to power up the generator for the traps. Unfortunately there were only 2 events were you have to defeat the secret lab.After I finished the game I also tried the Scneario mode which contain higher difficulties starting from 31 (current cap level for the player is 30).In this mode you could gain glory points instead of xp. Normally you should find better items on thissingle map scenarios but compared with the items I already had the weren't better. But this depends on kind of luck you have (like in other games).So I created new characters to test the other classes, but after a short time it doesn't makes fun playing the same story again.At last I tried the ""Neverending Story"" mode which was described as""The monster will keep getting stronger while your only way to improve is to play even better. See how far you can get!"".Well it was really hard and the main thing I did was casting my spells and run away till all was dead. For stronger monsters that means run in a circle arround them casting again and again and don't stop to drink healt potions. And the bad thing was, this tooks a lot of time and after a while it gets boring.Short game summary- Level cap: 30- Skill and ability  points could be assigned- Skill and ability points could be assigned to your aide (Lady Katarina)- Perks: by finishing quest and killing enemies you gain reputation. There are 10 levels of reputation and on each of them you could choose one perk to activate e.g Unstoppable (Immunity to all movement impedding effects)- Glory: after reching max level you could gain glory points in scenario mode. And with these points you could increase stats like attack rate, fire damage or cooldown reduction- game modes:-- Story-- Scenario-- Neverending Story- classes:-- Hunter (blades, firearms)-- Thaumaturge (caster)-- Arcane Mechanic (expulsion cannon)- difficulties:-- casual-- normal-- hard-- heroic-- hardcore character as special option (like in other games ""death is final"")- multiplayer modePositive:- good hack'n'slay: I played it through in 18 hours on two days caused of pickup loot and leveling up- chest were you could share items with other characters- single skills from the skill tree of player and aide could be removed by paying gold (same for abilities)- multiplayerNegative:- too short- difficulty could only be choosen on character creation time and not be changed after that- difficulty varies to much: normal game could be played through no problem but the ""Neverending Story"" mode was too hard.Conclusion:It's a nice game which facinates me from the beginning till the end. Even if it's a short game I would definitely suggest this game."
,Recommended,215530,1448396,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Groucho Marx,"A really good ARPG, with a nice skill tree and crunchy combat. Your sidekick is pretty funny and I cared enough about the plot to actually finish this game. If you loved diablo 2 or titanquest than this one is a must buy,"
76561198132960300,Recommended,215530,14188842,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LoneWolf,"I finished my 1st playthrough of Van Helsing the other day. It was pretty good, the graphics were fine (nothing great), the story was very average (the usual save the world from the bad-guy & his minions), & the gameplay was similar to Torchlight/Diablo ARPG's.I ended up with 73/95 Achievements, & that's ok with me. To get them all you would need to do multiple playthrough's, & i wasn't impressed enough to want to replay it, maybe in another year or so.All in all, it was a good game. I used a controller, & it worked fine. If you like ARPG's, i'd say give it a try, but don't expect an involved storyline. It's more loot collecting & monster killing, so if you like that sort of game, you'll like this.Enjoy   :)"
76561198040579632,Recommended,215530,8045451,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Frankenstein,"This game is as its name implies: ""INCREDIBLE""!I have played Diablo, Diablo 2, Torchlight, Torchlight 2, and not one of them was as pure fun as this.The main characters, Van Helsing and Katharina are what makes the game great. They're incredibly funny to listen to. Great dialogue, with very nice voiceovers which seem almost impossibly good for such a small game. The references to other games, books and movies are great and fit the tone, which is always one of (mostly) lighthearted fun. The game is set in a sort of dark steampunk/clockwork setting, but it always aims to amuse and not to drag you down. It doesn't take itself too seriously and that is rare in games like this.It is a solid ARPG, and the mechanics are simple and still have depth and it's really fun and rewarding trying out different approaches. You can play your Van Helsing as a gun-toting Monsterhunter or as a sword-fighting Slayer. You can even play him as a Mage. Each class plays very different and you can also adjust your companion similarly, which is a great idea.As I said, I got more fun out of this than Torchlight 2, for example (the story here and the graphics fit my tastes better), so it is a definitve must buy for any ARPG fan, especially if it's on sale."
76561197985072747,Recommended,215530,10480866,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Steampunk/Supernatural Action RPGI am a massive fan of the Diablo games and enjoy Path of Exile. I got this game on sale and randomly chose to give it a try. I have been through the whole game on normal using one character (I had the DLC to expand the choice). The game is enjoyable and a decent length. I spent 15 hours re-visitng some sections and fully exploring most maps. The humour is good and the dialogue with your ghostly companion keeps the story flowing. There is a hardcore mode if you are that way inclined and different difficulty settings. At a couple of points in the game it allows you to do tower defence, which can break up the game a bit. I have found out you can also take your level 30 character (max level) into the next game. So I will definately be getting that at some point."
,Recommended,215530,9464235,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,AKatarzynaK,"An extremely addicting and visually stunning ARPG. Solid graphics and an extremely well designed world with a steampunk-noir feel. If you're a fan of Torchlight, PoE, Diablo (especially if you were left less than satisfied with Diablo 3) then this should be right up your alley.The character development is pretty unique, in a very good way. Each skill offers various ""powerups"" which you can use during fights to better suit whatever challenge you face. This makes for a very fun combat system that I would love to see more of in the future. Besides skills, you also have the ability to use XP to purchase auras, tricks, and perks. Your companion, Katarina, has her own attributes as well as unique skills which you can select as she levels with you. This all combines to make for one of the most customizable games I've played in a while.For this quality and the playtime which it offers this game is well worth the purchase, especially if you factor in the replay value which the DLC's bring with their addictional classes. This game seems to go on sale fairly frequently, so if you can manage to catch it during one of those times you'll be getting more than your moneys worth."
,Recommended,215530,8549307,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Multani,"Gorgeous looking Hack N' Slash, (Diablo, Torchlight, Etc.), with that lovely Van Helsing vibe.  Lovely monster design, great looking levels, and an overall good atmosphere.  Character development is two fold, yourself and your companion can both be upgraded through leveling up and adding not only Ability Points for stats, but Skill points for Skills,(Spells,Attacks, Auras, Tricks, etc.), which opens up the play style for all three classes to your own interuptation quite well. Finished it in around 20hrs, with a few more discovering all the extra the game has to offer after completion, which is a scenario mode for a challenge and chance at some better drops.  Also Neverending Story, which is like a New Game+ mode, where you continue on, but this time, because you'll probably be maxed at level 30, you start to gain Glory, and each level of that, lets you further strengthen and build your character.  Overall I had a great time playing, only had a few bugs here and there, which I've read are being constantly worked on and fixed, and didn't have any trouble running the game, minus extended load times, and an occasion stutter on certain levels due to the sheer amount of plantlife and monsters I suppose.In Closing: Worth Picking up if you love Hack N' Slash.  It's not going to be a game changer, but it's a great 20 hours+ depending on your love for the game.  Which should be quite great!"
,Not Recommended,215530,8234627,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,LeBerduk,"Played the game on hard mode.The previous reviews pretty much summarized the good sides of this game:- Well designed world.- Some really nice background music (definitely getting game OST if there is one).- Attractive graphics.- Highly customizable settings (could play this game on my laptop).- Some interesting references to pop culture (really liked Baggins dude!).- Good voice acting.- Decent storyline.But all in all I would advise you to avoid this game. Here is why:- If you do not buy DLCs then there is only one character class you can 'choose' from. The character can do both melee and range attacks, however, due to horrible difficulty balance I had to specialize only on one attack type. The result is there is not a lot of variation in the action.- Except very rare short conversations, the sidekick ghost lady is useless. She dies really fast and eats up all the health potions. I have ended up keeping her in a ghost form all the time. The result is the game would not change much if she was removed completely.- The game gives you impression of customization, but it actuallly punishes you for doint it. After mid point of the game, customization becomes really expensive and you can end up spending all the gold and still not getting what you want.- The essense system (aka gems and gem slots) is useless. Items where you can put gems are rare. If one is found then usually it does not have enough essense capacity to put useful essense. You can use an essense to increase the capacity but during my 27 hours of gameplay I had collected only 3 capacity increasing essense. Finally, there is not a lot of variation in essense types. I had collected only 20 or so different essense types during the entire game!- The fighting becomes really repetitive quite fast. There are many enemies that look different, but really just a skin deep difference. All off them can be categorized into melee enemies that charge in mass, melee enemies with hooks and ranged enemies. There is no interesting behavior from AI. More challenging enemies have simply 1) more HP and higher defense points, 2) just attack in bigger numbers, or 3) have more HP and defense and attack in higher numbers. It is not possible to use interesting tactics. Most of my gameplay consisted of repeating two things: have a short skirmish and then running away to use potion before having another short skirmish. Bullet spongy enemies just killed all the fun for me in this game. Most annoying are the enemies with hooks. It is not possible to predict or avoid hooks using your skills. The hook animation is instantaneous. The problem is, at least on higher difficulty, if you get hooked then you are basically dead.- Horrible camera angles. It is not possible to control the camera. Did I tell you about enemies with hooks? Well many times I was hooked by enemies I could not even see. I am not even talking about number of times I was shot at by enemies outside of the screen.- Bad character controls. There is no keyboard-based movement control. Mouse is used to click on a place where you want to move your character. Sounds good enough right? Well not. Combined with horrible camera angles and enemies swarming everywhere you will end up in many situation where you cannot find a free space to click on and move your character. I ended up more than dozen times dead because my character refused to move. The complexity of the surrounding world makes the situation even worse because it is not immediately obvious where you can and cannot click.If you are looking for a good ARPG then go for Path of Exile. PoE is superior to this game in everyway. Plus, PoE is free, and there is no DLC nonsense."
,Recommended,215530,7761880,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,In the world of hack and slash this game is an absolute gem. I can't fail it at all. It has all:Great enveronmentsFast responsive gameplayDeep skill treeAmazing music!Great sound effects and voice workUnique universeExciting narrativePrice is really TOO low.An excellent game.
,Recommended,215530,18814832,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mr. Andrew,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing – REVIEWGraphics (Environment 9/10, Models 7/10)8/10Animations7/10Sound6/10Music8/10Story6.5/10Gameplay6.5/10Inovation7/10TOTAL SCORE7GraphicsOn all max settings this game looked very nice. Environments and most models of the enemy creatures were designed pretty well, but sadly the characters of people felt 'just' boring.AnimationsThe animated events that happened while playing were nicely done, but that can't be said for animations of your character, Katarina and other enemies, which felt too repetitious, harsh and halting, that definitely spoiled the feeling of a smoother and more efficient gameplay.Sound & MusicThe voice acting and other sounds in this game were mostly bad and disappointing, but the soundtrack was good and enjoyable.StoryEven the Blizzard's Diablo, with its all magnificence in every aspect, sometimes fell short in the story, so there's not much to say about the story of Van Helsing. I completed the first chapter which seemed really short with a main story that wasn't any special (with a few side quests). Second chapter put me in exploring of a steampunk city called Borgova, which I personally found a little better. But because of bad gameplay mechanics and other repetitive elements were 13 hours spent in the game just enough for me to get an overall impression and write a review.GameplayMany players complained about the difficulty of this game, which is really hard even on normal settings! But the problem isn't just in some ridiculously 'strong' enemies, but in the hordes that attack you all at once. That's when the game of a cat and mouse begin, which really spoils the charm of your gameplay and feels totally unbalanced.If you have ever played Dota 2 or (to be more fair and precise) Diablo III or some other quality hack'n'slash rpgs and truly experienced (mastered?) their gameplay, than you should know how far superior are their gameplay mechanics to the game like The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing. It definitely tries and has some new cards in its hands, but it doesn't come really close.ConslusionThe Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing has some new ideas and approaches in this genre and some of its parts are done pretty well, but on the other hand lacks of some vital and more polished details that would make this game a truly unique gaming experience ...Replay value: This game was built for it, but in my opinion:NO.Recommended: Yes, butONLY ON SALE!byGarret A.M."
,Recommended,215530,33138661,Posted: 2 July,all,Jerry,Just bought this game on steam summer sale 2017.So I played it for like an hour and I really liked this game.I'm recommending to get a full pack of 1st and 2nd releases of the game.✔ Dark atmosphere.✔ Decent voice acting.✔ Perks.✔ Skill Tree.✔ Talents.✔ Arpg style game.✔ Decent music.✔ Similar to Path of exile and Diablo 2.✔ Gothic noir universe.✔ Fantasy game style.✔ Gore.✔ Werewolves.✔ Vampires.
76561198079951736,Recommended,215530,32824951,Posted: 26 June,all,Shaggy | Case-Ninja.pl,"positives:-dialogues-nice H&S-a lot of mechanics-addictive (a bit)negatives:-music. It's boring.-i am polish, and im pleasantly surprised with polish subtitles, but... there are no polish letters in alphabet. pls fix.-game didn't start at first. I had to run game from outside steam, and then enable in options ""32 bit mode"", because directx 9, that should have been installed, didn't work.-pls fix also, bug: when someone starts talking for a longer time, my right-click skill resets to defaultWorth price of 3 EURO, wait to buy it on steam sale or something, i would reccomend it more, but bugs made this game for me hard at first. If you like Diablo/Torchlight, or other good Hack&Slash'es, you will have a good fun!"
,Not Recommended,215530,445988,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Soüp,"Van Helsing is a game with a lot of promise: a fresh take on the action rpg dungeon crawler genre that has been rather stale in recent years.  It has some great successes, and some great failures in this goal.  After almost finishing the game, I have to say I'm not feeling as good about it as when I started.The game follows the structure you'd expect: you run around, kill monsters, do quests, get loot.  Combat is mediocre, not having much feedback and pretty poor animations and sound, though the graphical effects are nice.  The game likes to throw massive hordes of enemies at you though so that does liven things up a bit.The skill system is interesting an unique, though I don't think it's been balanced very well.  You have a set of skills in 2 trees encompassing melee, ranged, and magic attacks as well as a few passive skills.  Each skill unlocks powerup abilities when you put enough points in which you have to activate manually by consuming rage (which you gain from killing monsters.)  It's a nice system that keeps you focused on what you're doing, though I wish there was a bit more flexibility and variety in it.The quests are well done for the most part.  There are a few choices to be made, and the quests that feel rather bland your ghost companion will make snarky comments about.  I feel safe saying she's the best character in the game and she does a pretty good job livening things up.The graphics are very good, though unfortunately the loading times are very high due to this.  The engine is fairly scalable and it runs decently on older computers though not as well as I'd like.  It does its job well and is surprisingly stable considering how buggy other aspects of the game are.I've run into a lot of situations where clicking to walk up a staircase makes me run down the staircase to try to get underneath it, or trying to hit an enemy with a spell shoots it straight into the ground.  Enemy selection boxes always seem to be the wrong size, feeling extremely large when you need to move so all you can do is attack, and extremely small when you're trying to hit them so you only seem to be able to move.  I don't know why these games have so much trouble with selection boxes these days, Diablo 3 had plenty of problems with this as well.  Multiplayer has done really strange things to save games (though I believe the devs have fixed most of this,) only saving progress on the host's save and even replacing your gear with completely random items.  Somehow my character was missing an NPC in the second hub town so I didn't have a shop available for a long time due to these bugs.Now the game's greatest failing is balance.  The early game is very easy, and ramps up very suddenly later in the game.  Certain enemies do tons of damage and come in massive hordes, all but guaranteeing your death unless you play a melee tank.  In fact, melee tank seems to be the only real choice as it does the most damage as well as being the only survivable build.  What really put the nail in the coffin for me playing a magic user, however, was reaching the final boss and finding him impossible to beat.  So much for that.So while being initially excited and quite enjoying the game, after reaching the end I have to say, wait for Grim Dawn.  Maybe it can breathe life back into this genre like no other games seem to be able to.  If you can't wait, give Marvel Heroes a try."
,Not Recommended,215530,8100025,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,RoleplayeR,"This is a hard one to judge.I purchased this on the release day with the sole purpose of playing coop with a friend, but that failed miserably as the net-code of the game was severely broken and it was unplayable @ multiplayer.So, I forgot about this game for half a year and just now realised that I've haven't played it yet, so I gave it a try.This is a classic hack-n-slash, let's break it down to points a little bit.pros:-Good setting, steampunk, mad scientists, vampires, monsters. All that good stuff.-Gameplay feels solid. UI is good, mechanics are there and do not fall apart.-Katarina =)cons:-Out of 3 classes of heroes - 2 are locked away in DLC. That's just a♥♥♥♥♥♥move really.-Simplicity of it's core. Zero build diversity, while you have to appoint attributes and skills - it's pretty much useless, you might as well had them auto-allocated. Action is not as good and diverse as in Diablo 3, systems behind the game are not as deep and complex as in Path of Exile.I will definitely finish the game, because it grabbed me in some way, but I really couldn't recommend to buy this game, as it seems like a easily skippable one."
,Recommended,215530,22777478,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Milcure,"A memorable hack-n'-slash ARPG. The gameplay is not necessarily unique, but the game manages to stand out in its own way with its 'magic vs machine' theme. It also has quite a bit of technical flaws, but the art style and the steampunk atmosphere manages to make up for it. (I have not tried co-op mode yet, so do not expect it to be included in this review)Pros:Immersive steampunk setting and soundtrackAmazing voice acting, one of the best I've heard so farFlavorful dialogues, that does not make you want to skip them (some even have references)I personally liked the character design and personality of Katarina, your companion, as she really feels like a living (lol) partner you actually share your adventure withCharacter designs of the mobs/monsters are also interesting and originalTons of lootA handful of quests are fun and creativeLots of options to customize your character build, from skills, to spells, to auras and tricks, etc.Cons:Gameplay is entirely similar to that of Torchlight II and Diablo III, pretty much same formulaWhile Katarina has an interesting character, her function has been reduced to that of Torchlight II's pet (she can go to town and buy potions/sell stuff on her inventory, etc) which seems out of character for herToo much mobs in one area with the same AI, so that they can easily crowd you^ Because of this, combat feels too repetitive and bland at late-gameLimited variation of mobs, as the same mobs appear in different areas and levels of the gameI'm not sure if this was only me, but unique items in the game seemed too easy to acquire (I ended up with lots of uniques even though I never went out of my way to acquire them or whatever)Loading screens take longer as you progress further into the story. And whenever you die, you are brought back to a loading screen unless you spend gold to resurrect yourself on the spotGame also freezes for no reason in the middle of combatOverall Rating:7.5/10Edit 05/10/16: Just corrected a few in-game terms I have used"
76561198073349621,Recommended,215530,33892610,Posted: 29 July,all,Singularity,"You click things, and they die."
76561198088722985,Recommended,215530,8360536,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Junk_Punch,great little action rpg that kinda reminds me of torchlight. if u like games like torchlight and the diablo games you'll dig this too. buy the dlc too so u have more character choices also. cause who doesn't love more choices?! ;-)
,Recommended,215530,7972438,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Chewable C++,"I wasn't expecting much from this, seeing the low metacritic (72), but it turned out to be better than its score implied, especially considering the low price point.The high points are solid ARPG gameplay, graphics, and atmosphere.The atmosphere features Eastern European (""gothic-noir"") influences not often seen in the genre (and steampunk elements very often seen in the genre lately).Mechanically, it's a mix of other recent ARPG titles - most closely resembling Torchlight (with at least one overt reference to it during the game). It also has odd Tower Defense sequences thrown in at the end (think Sanctum, but with ARPG instead of FPS mechanics).The itemization is solid, albeit relatively unimaginative. Apart from well balanced base rolls and selection of basic, magic, rare, set, and unique items, you can further enhance your gear by adding a stat (Enchant) to any item for cost, and some items can hold ""essences"" (a sort of socketing system, minus the sockets) for even more customization. There is also gambling and a limited form of crafting (item rerolls/recycling via Artifact Forge).For those of you wondering - you can respec individual skill and stat points at (relatively low) cost (or all points at once for Katarina), so there is freedom to experiment and no need to grind out multiple characters to experience the entire skill tree.Especially notable is your companion ghost, Lady Katarina, who serves as both a wose-cracking companion to make your single player adventure less lonely, and an able fighter in her own right, with her own equipment slots, inventory, skill trees, and behavior settings. She can also go shopping for you.The most disappointing aspect is the prevalence of bugs, which have been getting fixed over time, but are still apparent as of writing. This includes some game breaking bugs that make it impossible or difficult (via a workaround) to progress with the main quest.The low metacritic can largely be explained by the shortcomings of the original release, which have since been amended via updates and DLC. The updates include additional endgame content (high level ""scenarios"", Glory System (perks for completing scenarios), and a new game+ mode).DLC adds two character classes (previously there was just one, with a melee, ranged, and magic path), a passive skill tree for Katarina, and more endgame content (high level ""scenarios"", and a new game+ mode). Not having played the DLC classes yet, I can't comment on whether they are worth it. Blue Blood basically makes Katarina substantially more powerful, which is certainly eyebrow raising, but that DLC could be skipped with limited gameplay consequences.Overall, I would recommend the game as an enjoyable diversion for any fan of ARPGs, especially for anyone looking for an atmospherically unusual ARPG or fans of the source material, but keep in mind that my own experience was limited to single player."
76561198094191756,Recommended,215530,7958912,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,snakefistahfu,"You liked D2:LoD? GET THIS GAME! Detailed review is below. (Sorry for English, not my native)A short ""what is it all about?"" - hack'n'slash with great and complex character development, decent number of items (magic, uniques, sets, legendaries are included), great crafting system for improving gear. Good interface and interesting monsters to slay (available in great quantities). Replayable and good for multiplayer.This is one of the best aRPG games I've ever played. And my gaming 'career' is long and glorious - started aRPG genre with original Diablo, carved my way throught D2:LoD [and kept carving it until 2012], tried my luck in Sacred series, Titan Quest and lots of other titles. Except D2:LoD, none managed to kept my attention - sure, I played them, finished them but always returned to good'ol.What I have to say it that this game for me is second to D2:LoD only - with a chances to even surpasses it, never forget that this is only one third of full game. What made me put an unfinished game over, for instance D3 or PoE? Regarding D3 - Van Helsing is what D3 should have been. Regarding PoE - it's a close match, but i prefer graphics, interface and overall feeling to a more complex and somewhat confusing skill system. Don't get me wrong, I've played fair share of both, regretting deeply what D3 could become and seeing potential in PoE.Game itself is fun to play, even repeatedly over and over. Price is fine, and you don't REALLY need paid DLCs (except 1.5EUR ""Blue Blood"") - the basic game brings more builds and customization of character than whole D3 - and I stand firmly behind this claim. Interface is excellent, any D2 veteran will find himself at home. So is the monster density and constant action (but with good measure!). Character progression is good, there is a 'respec' option (I don't like it personally, but it seems like a trend nowadays), but some choices are permanent, as it should be.Voice casting is excellent, and dialogues between main character and ghost sidekick (which can be customized almost as much as main character, making a deadly duo in fight, and source of fun inbetween - again, clever dialogues doesn't make it boring).I was with the game since release, and developer team knows what they are doing - many additions/changes were always for the better - I've returned to the game after few months hiatus and got surprised by amount of small, but important quality oflife improvements. And bug/exploit fixes. And new feeling and better endgame.Pros:- High technical quality (graphics, sound, voice-acting)- Various builds for each character- Complex companion development, something unseen in aRPG before- Intriguing (and unfinished) storyline- A unique game settings: alternate history with slavic mythology mixed with steampunk, working PERFECTLY- Storytelling is very good- Game lore is excellent, and so are little details who mean much - names of the people, equipment etc - all very atmospheric- Character progression is complex, depending on several separated systems - dwarfing D3, keeping in line with PoE (on a different level, though) and succeeding D2:LoD rapidlyCons:- Non-random maps and moster type/positions- Lack of random events and quest- Scripted story - not really a problem, but little more open game with randomization and wide range of optional quests appearing randomly - would add more replayability. There is a replayability value, don't get me wrong, but more never hurts- Bugs in multiplayer - once plagued the game, now mostly fixed - and this 'mostly' is why I mention this. Won't destroy your days of playing, but you'll maybe need to repeat quest, for instance. Big deal.Finishing thoughts:I understand that now there is a demo. At least try it. As of myself, I've bought several copies as a gifts to my friends. DLCs add multiplayer value - you can have dedicated melee/ranged/caster characters (and companions with different builds!) with regular game, and it's way better than parties in D3, but DLCs add more.If you like D2:LoD, you'll probably like Van Helsing - it is true spiritual successor of a legendary game. If you think that D3 is what aRPG should be, you probably should try anyway - just to see a different side of a coin, how modern game functions with different mechanics. It's just 17% of what you paid for D3."
,Recommended,215530,10173095,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Emperor of Mankind Torguan,"Great game, very nice hack'n'slash. This game have very nice plot, main hero and companion Lady Catarina."
76561197995381979,Recommended,215530,13278965,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Billy_Brightside,"In a cliched world of action RPGs involving medieval/fantasy type settings, it’s refreshing to discover Neocore’s 19th century steampunk gothic-noir type game,The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing.The game’s ambience of nighttime villages and murky swamps accompanied by a greatly appropriate soundtrack will keep you playing until your index finger gets numb.Character class and selection is so varied the game will probably warrant more than a single playthrough to flesh out all of its possibilities. Upon seeing the blank skill tree when first starting out it’s almost mind blowing to wonder where you’re going to put all of the skills, perks and auras the game allows you to. It’s not quite the endless skill tree asPath of Exile,but it’s deep enough you’ll feel your character grow as you play. Enemies come in waves, overwhelmingly so. I played a range character and being able to kite the enemies helped somewhat. If you decide to play as a melee class I think you’ll have your work cut out for you.Neocore is a small publisher out of Hungary, and big publishers could take some lessons from these guys. I’ve never had the desire to play an RPG through more than once until I played this. Despite the trappings, however, all is not perfect. There was no game manual included in the download, and for the developers to instruct players to read online forums and watch online videos to learn simple instructions about the game bears little in the way of professionalism. Once I learned how “rage” (the energy required to do super attacks, acquired through killing NPCs) worked I was able to accomplish much more. Some creatures in the game had an attribute called Abomination. I never did find out exactly what that was. And the final boss fight involved a lot of lag for me. I died many times because I simply lagged out. Definitely not a deal breaker, but it made that final fight more difficult than it had any right to be. This may or may not be an issue affecting anybody else. I have a state of the art rig, and I was surprised the lag even occured.Still, I’m glad I found this game. I look forward to playing through it again, experimenting with another class. And then I’ll look forward to tackling Neocore’s sophomore effort,The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II."
,Recommended,215530,12375083,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Archarachne,"I'm a casual player. I mostly spend my time on simple games or on the ones which handle a story that I really like. The only serious, well-made RPG game I started and finished was DragonAge. And then came Van Helsing.I have never thought I would encounter a game that will mix up steampunk, monster killing and the legend on Van Helsing in such a perfect manner.The game is just amazing. I only played the hunter class, but I just can't wait to start it again as a mechanic or a thaumaturge. Well-balanced, fun to play, and Lady Katarina's character is just brilliant.It's worth every penny."
,Recommended,215530,16756661,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,daydr3am3r87,"I heard of this game by accident and, after playing Torchlight I & II, I decided to give it a try since it seemed so dark and atmospheric.And it seams I wasn't wrong.The first thing I noticed was that, unlike other similar games, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is a game with a distinct ""personality"" (assuming this can be said about a video game).The action takes place in the dark and mysterious world of Borgovia, a world where magic and science(and of course mad scientists) can coexist.The world is beautifully designed and it seems the designers paid a lot of attention to details. The atmosphere somehow reminded me of London as imagined by Conan Doyle as well as Transylvania as portrayed by Bram Stocker in ""Dracula"".The soundtrack is great and it fits perfectly with the dark foggy streets full of strange creatures hiding in the shadows. It's really hard to tell how much it adds to the game feeling but it's obviously, once you start playing, that the game wouldn't be the same with a different soundtrack.The game features 3 classes, The Hunter, The Thaumaturge and The Arcane Mechanic, the last 2 being sold separately as 2 DLCs.Each class has a very complex skill system, with multiple skill trees as well as many abilities that can be both, passive or active. While this can be frustrating for those who don't like to replay the game, due to the fact that it's quite impossible to complete a skill tree in a single playthrough, unless you wonder around and kill monsters just for fun, this makes more sense if you plan on playing the sequel, since you can import everything and continue from where you left.The main character, Van Helsing, also has his own companion, Lady Katerina, the ghost of a noble lady. Just like Van Helsing, Lady Katarina has her own skill system with a few active and passive skills as well as different combat modes (melee, ranged). You can also set her to attack those who attack you, those you are attacking or anyone around or you can tell her to stay out of battle. She can be very useful when you're overwhelmed and she can also go grab loot for you and sell/buy items.Voice acting and dialog is great and you can actually see the chemistry between Van Helsing and Lady Katarina.The game also has a lot of pop culture references to movies/games like The Witcher and Lord Of The Rings.Unfortunately, for those who are used to games like Diablo and Torchlight, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, is a hard game and sometimes it can be very frustrating and cheap.There are moments when you will be overwhelmed by creatures 2+ levels ahead of you, in confined spaces and if their huge health given by the higher level won't be a problem for you, the huge number will eventually make it impossible for you to move so you'll just have to wait for your inevitable death and respawn.Overall, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is a great game that will please many Diablo/Torchlight fans.8.5/10"
,Recommended,215530,1219888,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Fobeus,"A great Action-RPG. Similar to Torchlight/Diablo, if you like your RPG's to have a lot of loot then this game is for you.Not particularly long but it's also quite cheap. As far as 'bang for buck' goes, you'll get your money's worth."
,Not Recommended,215530,18208238,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Suncake,"This game is fine if you're a big fan of hack-and-slash action RPGs, otherwise I would not recommend it.I like the setting, and there's a lot of easter eggs in this game. But you get only one class with the game itself and 2 more as DLCs. You can differently build that single class, but there isn't much skills to chose from anyway. Surroundings are dull and gameplay quickly becomes too repetitive - just throw AoE attacks at huge and stupid crowds of enemies again and again. I haven't tried multiplayer, though - maybe that's where all the fun is hiding."
,Recommended,215530,24496704,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Scallywag,"If you played Diablo 3 and thought it was to easy, play this. If you played Torchlight 2 and thought it looked too cartoonish for an ARPG, play this. If you played Path of Exile and wanted to spend money instead, play this. If you have no friends, play this and not get angry at multiplayer bugs.EDIT: 9 People found this funny I feel like a goddamn comedian."
,Recommended,215530,8168955,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mr Ashman,"A really well designed ARPG, a slightly darker version of torchlight 2 with a steampunk twist. Slightly more depth to the skill tree's than torchlight 2 as you have more useful active skills, a must buy in the sale if you enjoy games of this genre."
,Recommended,215530,23968796,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Olokas,"Diablo 3 in dark steampunk setting, with a neat skill system."
,Recommended,215530,3555664,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Jasperline,"I really recommend this game to anyone who even slightly enjoyed Torchlight 2, Diablo 3...It's got gorgeous graphics, the conversation is funny and it still is a simple hack and slash. (Who DOESN'T love a good H and S?) The developers are also VERY active (from what I've seen) on the forums and bug fixing, which is a huge plus in my book. The Story is pretty linear, not a lot of ""open world"" adventuring, but it's unique story kept me coming back for more. It's a trilogy game set, so keep in mind this isn't the end. Has this interesting power-up system that allows you be both melee or ranged. You can even equip both weapons."
,Recommended,215530,12139617,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,-NB-Mbaya,"☺ Everything an ARPG needs.☺ Great environments.☺ Nice soundtrack.☹ Repetitive encounters.An entertaining and enjoyable hack and slash, filled with loot, humour and atmosphere.If you're not a fan of Action Roleplaying Games, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing isn't going to be the game that changes your mind. However, if you're new to the genre or a fan of hack and slash loot fests, you're in luck! Van Helsing manages to provide an entertaining experience throughout its ten or so hour campaign (more so if you're an explorer like myself who likes to uncover all of the map).You take on the role of the famous Van Helsing (well one of them, his son to be exact) as he and his companion the ghostly Lady Katarina attempt to save the day as monsters and science collide to bring about death and destruction upon Borgovia. You empower the great monster hunter and snappy ghost with a variety of skills from melee to ranged attacks and can even increase your attack power or versatility mid combat by powering up said abilities. Although an interesting attempt at creating options in combat, I will admit I hardly ever used said system myself, as I created a character who got his benefits from not using Rage, the resource that powers the stronger attacks.The world itself is really well created with a lot of detail, creating a great mood as you hack and slash through groups of monsters. The encounters themselves are well balanced, but grow repetitive as you encounter the same groups of enemies again and again, a bit more variation in group makeup would have been welcome, but it's a slight issue rather than a deal breaker. Of course, the most important element for a game like this...the loot, is frequent and diverse. I was often switching over to newly acquired items or optimising my build.I must admit, I really enjoyed playing the game. The grim world is lightened with a sprinkling of humour, especially the witty banter between Van Helsing and Lady Katarina throughout the game, which is well acted and entertaining. The game itself is also littered with cultural references, if something is clickable, its likely Van Helsing has something to say about it that'll bring a smile to your face. I also found myself really enjoying the music, while not overly diverse, it's rather lovely and fits the world well.Listed under 'Main Features' is a section on building and developing traps to defend your lair. It's worth mentioning this is more of a brief distraction and isn't very deep. Those looking for a bit of tower defence in their ARPG might be a bit disappointed, despite the developers best intentions.I really do recommend the game to fans of action roleplaying games or for someone that fancies a simple, yet entertaining story with a touch of humour and a great deal of sparkly objects bursting out of everything you touch."
76561198014921375,Not Recommended,215530,7993666,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,cosmicandre,"This game is a real mixed bag.On one hand - its fun. It's well designed, has interesting character aspects (skills, perks, etc), a companion , nice graphics, good gameplay.On the other hand - its hard to enjoy it when the game is riddled with bugs. Some of which were litterally game stopping (eg Industrial Port / Palace quest bug - only recently (12/10/13) patched. There are also other numerous bugs (now with fixes via the /FixQuest command) - and MP hasn't worked for many (perhaps patched today as well) and warning of data loss for MP characters.For some, having your game not progress unexpectedly, requiring you to search the web for solutions, isn't enjoyable or expected from Steam games.Perhaps now, the game is bug free. Perhaps not.I would say this game is not one i'd reccomend due to how many issues there have been that are substantial (MP, game stopping bugs) - unless you can get it for a massive Steam discount (80% off). Then the risk would be worth the reward. Paying full price now - without time showing if all the bugs are fully worked out - is not something recommended."
76561198039297464,Not Recommended,215530,13824932,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,juazlee,"Initial positive impression, as soon as I got into chapter 3 things went sour. Overall, not touching it again. TLDR on the bottom.+ Decent storytelling, somewhat involved.+ Comments from Lady Katarina are pretty amusing.+ Good pacing, good attribute system, fairly decent itemization (by comparison, MILES ahead of Diablo 3).- Little enemy variety, weird incoming damage at times.- Skill variety on the Hunter class is extremely poor. A handful of reskinned shots, didn't really feel progression or much weight from using differerent skills. Same deal goes for the melee tree.- BUGS. Oh the bugs. One of my hunter tricks crashed multiplayer games when I hosted, had to respec / avoid using skill to keep playing. The ""slow time"" skill on the Thaumaturge often bugged entire maps, lasting forever and then on a second cast engaging turbo mode. Random client crashes every 20-30 minutes.TLDR: The game is not entirely bad, but does not warrant a positive review. If you want the hack and slash experience and don't mind restarting the game every 30 minutes or so, go ahead. It's built on a solid foundation, but lacks the necessary polish to be a true contender in this genre."
,Recommended,215530,24138963,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nexiu,"Generally,The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsingappears to me as a fun production, but a little misguided. At times it is extended like a big hack & slash in which we play for weeks or even months - but it is not. It's pleasant, climatic, well-sounding and truly impressive-looking action game, little sophisticated, but without much problem, able to keep it with you for several hours. I can't stop thinking how cool it could be if it hadn't devoted as much time and resources on masking her and dressing in robes ""game similar to Diablo"" ... which wasn't needed because its main strength lies elsewhere and it had to focus on. If instead of extensive character development, loot system and crafting they had been devoted to improving combat mechanics and creating more decent plot, Van Helsing could be a really good game. But it is not, unfortunately. I admit it with pain, because I liked it for the ambience and Katarinas jokes. It is simply bearable. However, spending 15 euros (5 while discount) on it, isn't the worst idea, especially if u are fed up with more or less infantile fantasy, which offers us ARPG games. Well, also if one would like to play in a slightly different scenery - just because the authors managed to create it gloriously."
,Recommended,215530,8503649,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Animosity,"Sleeper hit of 2013. It is a gem of a game with incredible voice acting, 2-3 times longer than Diablo 3's content. Best of all, Van Helsing is a trilogy and the 2nd installment arrives early 2014 and your character from the first game will import directly into the second. Found this to be much more enjoyable than Diablo 3 or Torchlight 2."
,Recommended,215530,8217772,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,hammer326,"I...really tried and yearned to love this game, as I do with every indie project that shows some semblance of original thought.I ended up...liking, if at times only TOLERATING, a lot of things about Van Helsing.Why do I say such a thing? because it got pretty bad at parts, but I also don't shy away from games totally unafraid to make me feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like they did 15 years ago. This game succeeds on that front unquestionably.Ideally for 2-4 players, I actually just finished the entire game solo. Be forewarned, if you're not an ARPG guy, you're even in for a rough time on easy difficulty, which I all but mandate in your first playthrough. This game will swarm your♥♥♥♥♥like Starship troopers with things that do not, I repeat NOT, die in 1, 2, even 5 hits. It's rough, and it works for the setting and the game.Now at this point the average Joe has some idea of what they're in for, so maybe you ARPG die hards are now asking: ""What's in it for me?"" Well I'll tell you!Great music: I had to talk about this here. It's a standard we all have with games of substance, especially a good APRG. This game delivers EXCESSIVELY. The entire score features soft harps and pianos, things you would expect to hear in this alternative dark fantasy Transylvanian tale. Hit up youtube and hear some of it for yourself. This is one of few games that I actually left on while I wrote the review because of how great an atmosphere the menu theme provided.Story: One thing I found funny about a game as goofy as Torchlight 2 is that it took its Story as seriously as Diablo did. This flip flops- very believable, gritty, down to earth graphics, sounds, and atmopshere, totally slapstick everything else. The characters engage in light heartened banter while picking up quests, interacting with objects, and more.♥♥♥♥♥♥ there's even a message board in town at the beginning that is for nothing beyond ""click for great pop culture reference."" It's a true joy to experience.Gameplay: Not much not already said here, You are in for a challenge, no way around that. A fun challenge with friends, but a challenge. Bring your A game, this game's ""easy"" is NOT TL2's.Fresh and new ideas: Ever think how badass it'd be to properly have your own hideout/camp, or even gather resources and build♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game like an ARPG? well VH almost delivers. I can't say there's any proper crafting, but midway your township where your vendors reside can actually get attacked, and you play a metagame of tower defense to protect it. Very innovative IMHO, and successful.Overall, if forcibly shoehorned into rating it on a 1-10 scale, which I like to refrain from, I would call this game a 7 without question. Flawed, buggy still, but the devs care about the latter and are working on it, it's an all out riot most of the time, and most important of all- it's fricken $10 until the 2nd. Consider snagging it if you're a fan of the genre, or even a new guy looking for a semi hardcore trial by fire."
,Recommended,215530,8452262,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bl0rch,"This game is probably what the quick-to-judge would call a ""Diablo ripoff."" If you call any isometric hack and slash RPG a Diablo rip-off, then yes, this is it.However, it puts its own spin on the genre and taking a lot from what Diablo did well, and added some things it maybe could have used.You play as Van Helsing, of the Monster Hunter lore, as one of three classes: Hunter, Thaumaturge, and Arcane Mechanic; each with it's own set of skills and abilities. The monsters and creatures you face are the ever-familiar brand you'd find in any fantasy setting, such as Rat-men, undead zombies, giant behemoths, acid-spitting breeders, and even automatons. From what I can tell, the story is pretty straightforward and can be completed in about 15 hours, but that doesn't mean it isn't worth your time.The inventory system is top-notch, taking much from Diablo where you have to arrange your items according to their size and shape in a grid fashion. You are provided with a storage that you can access through the town areas and depending on your choice of perk, you can store more than just a single page.Your companion through the game is Lady Katarina, a ghost of someone who knows the Van Helsing line quite well. She can be customized to be completely support (no fighting), ranged, melee, defense, attack, etc. She can even be configured to grab items from the battlefield according to their type or value. She can be sent to the store (like a town portal) to sell loot she's carrying and even buy potions if needed.They kept with the waypoint system of using an ""ink gate"" which allows you to teleport to the various areas you've discovered, as well as use a town portal for yourself.There's plenty of side-quests and the various tasks to keep you busy (as mundane as they can be sometimes), the rewards are quite worth it.Each character has a skill tree that can be traversed as you gain levels by investing skill points. There are class-specific skills (main attacks and passive abilities), tricks (which are like sub-skills), and auras (which are passive bonuses). There's also a perk system that allows you to choose various character bonuses as you gain reputation (how well you're known around the land -- kill lots of stuff).The HUD and interface are very easy to navigate, it's very hot-key friendly, and the music/controls are top-notch.The game also supports multiplayer as well, so you can team up with friends to take on the monsters of Borgovia.It's not the most revolutionary game out there, but I think anyone who's a fan of the lore and liked Diablo (maybe even those who didn't) will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,215530,30859837,Posted: 31 March,all,_67alecto_OZ_,"Solid entry in the ARPG genre.  If you've played Diablo, Torchlight, etc then you won't see too much that is new.  Random items, set/unique items, packs of champion monsters, fetch quests, enchanter NPCs, imbuing socketed items with various items, and so on.My first time through, I played it on the harder difficulty so I got about 20 hours of game play out of it using the Hunter class.  There are additional modes like New Game+ (which they call neverending story) and Scenario where you have to complete maps with a timelimit while also achieving another task (never dropping below 50% health, looting all the corpses, or other things like that).Things I liked that may or may not appeal to veterans of the genre:When you disenchant something, you only remove the custom enchantment that was placed on it.  The item's base enchantments are not affected.  You can only enchant items once, so this is a nice balance.When you hover over an item, it tells you *exactly* how much better or worse it is compared to what you currently have.  It will show you impacts to spellpower, DPS, protection, Mana, HP, etc.If you put an essence in an item (the equivalent of a gem, element, etc that adds effects to your stuff), you can later pay to remove it without destroying the item or the essence.The only restrictions on item use are class and level.  So that thing that happens in other ARPGs where you're using the stat bonus on one item to allow you to use another item causing your stuff to become unwearable if you remove things in the wrong order doesn't happen.Respec'ing or reassigning ability points isn't an all or nothing process - there is standard cost to take back points or skills and you can play around with options on what you'll unlock before you are asked to confirm or cancel out.For a steam-punk/fantasy themed ARPG, Torchlight 1 and 2 are better, but if you can pick this one up on a sale like I did, you'll have some fun."
,Recommended,215530,8582479,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,StolenVex,"I found The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing to be a fun Diablo-esc game.  I did not purchase the DLC, as I got this game on sale at a much earlier point in time and only played it recently.  I did play the game on a normal difficulty setting, single player only.  If you are looking for a review of DLC or Multiplayer content, this is not for you.Van Helsing is filled with hand crafted art and textures, fair story writing, and the occassional surprising content.  There are quite a few references to what I imagine are their influences in game and story design.  On the flip side, I felt like the gameplay was lacking.  I also felt like the story was developing into something exciting, and quickly sputtered off like they lost the inspiration to keep going.I spent the first half of the game excited and drawn in.  The second half I felt like the gameplay had devolved into holding down the right mouse button waiting for my skills to kill ever increasing numbers of the same types of enemies.  It took me about 20 hours to finish based on my play time.  I felt like the skill trees had some fun possibilities, but nothing inspired me to branch out from what worked in the first hours of the game.It was worth finishing the game to me, but I did feel this sense of, ""Was that it?"" --I don't know that I could recommend this game to everyone.  I felt like it was worth the sale price I paid for it, and the 20 hours I invested in finishing it.  If it matters to those reading this I do not feel like its worth a replay, and I am not interested in DLC for it.  If I was to attach an arbitrary number to the game in regards to a ""score"", I would probably say a 60%.  It doesn't fail to create a fun game to play, but it did lack some kind of wow factor."
,Not Recommended,215530,31875037,Posted: 20 May,all,exitplanetdust,"After 25 hours, I was starting enjoying the game. Suddenly, I discovered the level 30 cap and a little bit after that the game ended. I was planning a specific character build and I don't think it is honest forcing me to continue it in a sequel. Very disappointing. The game is conceived to be a trilogy, but since I wanted to enjoy a single experience, I was very frustrated because of the sudden interruption."
,Not Recommended,215530,20190443,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Slartibartfast,"I was expecting something visceral and hard-hitting, and although the scenery is nice, as well as the number of enemies which can come rushing into you - Nothing you throw at them feels strong, nor does it feel satisfying when you use a strong ability.The animations are very lacking, as well, and the fact that you have to purchase DLC materials to get more than one character is the final nail in the coffin for me.Better stick to Diablo, even if everyone hates it."
76561198035054806,Recommended,215530,7999973,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,sara_bear,"Nice gameplay. A bit diablo 1 style with a tad of steampunk thrown in. For a movietiein ish game, it's the best I've even had the pleasure to play."
,Not Recommended,215530,8329232,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,몬캣,so much bugs ever seen before.
,Recommended,215530,34142559,Posted: 10 August,all,LeeboyPancakes,"Stop what you’re doing, do yourself a favour, just go buy and play this game. Or wait for a discount, it’s your wallet after all. I mean who am I to tell you how to live your life. I heard that they give you discounts up to 70%, which is always great. But this game is worth to buy either way.The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, to which I’ll be referring as “TIAoVH” from now on for convenience purposes, is a great game with it’s gothic/steampunk atmosphere and memorable characters. The game takes place in the 19th-century Eastern Europe where magic and weird technology is real. You play as the son of the famous vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing and take on various adventures in order to defeat the reign of the mad scientists Dr. Fulmigati. Of course you encounter a wide variety of enemies from robots to werewolfs, harpies to mutant abominations on the way. I mean, come on, it wouldn’t be a Van Helsing game unless you get to kill tons of different mobs. Also, your lovely ghost companion Lady Katarina is there to help you out along your journey. The balance between the characteristics of charming and witty Katarina and more down to earth, serious Helsing makes the dialogue in game much more enjoyable.In TIAoVH you can use both melee and ranged weapons and make them viable on one character depending on your build. There are also other passive and active supporting skills for both Lady Katarina and Van Helsing. You can also switch Lady Katarina between melee, ranged and ghost modes. You can send her back to sell items when your inventory is full. Just like a Torchlight pet, but more useful most of the time. Also if you buy the DLC’s you get access to two more classes, Thaumaturge, a mage-like class and Arcane Mechanic, an engineer type class. All three classes have different skill trees and gameplay mechanics. The skill point reset system had some bugs that made changing builds a living hell, but the lovely developers implemented bugfix chat codes so they shouldn’t bother the player anymore.In some other reviews, I came across people comparing TIAoVH to other, similar games. Although I think it is completely natural to do so, there are couple of things they are missing. While comparing games the gameplay shouldn’t be the only aspect. The price tag, release date, the theme etc. should also be taken in consideration. And I’d say all things considered TIAoVH is one of the best games on the Isometric RPG market.Now, of course TIAoVH too has it’s cons. Personally, I love most of the achievements in this game. They provide you with some challenging gameplay and replayability. And while I am a big fan of challenging achievements, I can’t say I enjoy grindy achievements one bit. Not killing a single type of enemy throughout the game for an achievement, fun. Killing 500000 monsters to complete an achievement, not fun. But in the end earning achievements is up to the player. Some people might just say meh, while others like yours truly may spend over a hundred hours playing, chasing monsters left and right. Well, I think it was still worth it.There are times playing co-op feels almost impossible with constant bugs and crashes. The worst part is it completely depends on your luck. Sometimes me and my friends play for hours with no problems. But sometimes we crash so much that we eventually stop playing. I mean, it is still manageable. But if you’re buying this game to play with friends you better strengthen your nerves.Another downside of the game, to me personally, was the ending. They left it on such a cliffhanger that made it feel almost incomplete. But considering that there are three more TIAoVH games out there makes it a bit easier to deal with.All and all, I’d say this game is definitely worth your dime. It has great visuals and a good story. You can always spice things up with different challenges. And the game keeps you entertained with it’s perfectly timed pop culture references throughout the gameplay."
,Recommended,215530,12770555,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Seneschul,"Excellent fun! Modestly intrigueing story!Customizability abounds.If you like torchlight or diablo, you'll like this game!"
76561198024218676,Not Recommended,215530,8563182,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,coolsoeb,Does not work on mac.
76561198040401422,Recommended,215530,8001067,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Dolor,"This is a very solidly put together aRPG in the style of Diablo or Torchlight.It is a beautiful game with lovely detailed scenery.  The combat is meaty and satisfying, and it is well-polished.Highly recommended!"
76561197996595835,Recommended,215530,8372903,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,GreatRumbler,"Totally passed under my radar, what with Path of Exile, Diablo 3, and Grim Dawn getting most of the attention in the ARPG arena. However, it's a surprisingly fun loot-grinder that offers an intersting settings that's different from the usual: 19th century Romania-analog with a blend of classic monsters, weird science, and magic. This is easily worth paying full price for, even if it's not still on sale."
,Recommended,215530,8994301,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Gkob,"Really a great alternative to PoE (Path of Exile), not beeing so hardcore as PoE but still proves a chalenge great atmosphere with a steampunk / gothic look. If you are a fan of the genre you must have to play it!"
76561198035536844,Recommended,215530,9036879,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Salarian,"""The Adventures of Van Helsing is an excellent game that deserves to be played by those looking for an extremely well written experience and for fans of old school RPGs. with such polished and well-designed champions in the ring, this quality contender may only be recognized for its hat."""
76561198021226900,Recommended,215530,8656991,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Smokezilla1,"I've really, REALLY enjoyed this game.  If you're a fan of titles like the Torchlight series, Diablo, and Path Of Exile (reminds me of this game ALOT!), you'll love this one.  I like the visual style of the game, the whole feel of the Van Helsing world, and the definite steampunk feel to parts of the storyline.  Caught this during one of the Steam sales and I have been totally pleased with my purchase.  Give it a look!!!"
76561198086796294,Recommended,215530,12406625,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Royal_Wolf_1996,"Well well well, how did this little gem sneak under the radar?Already played Torchlight, Dungeon Siege and the other few hack and slash ARPGs?Want something to pass the time with as you await the full release of Grim Dawn?Boom here it is!For some reason some people dislike this game, no idea why. I found it to be quite enjoyable, although not of a quality in game of that as perhaps Torchlight II but still very fun.What this game does have over Torchlight II is a *story.*The voice acting is absolutly fantastic, and humorous as well.Many people had issue with a skill tree with large amounts of passives. And while, I do wish there were far more actual powers, I like having several passives to choose from.So as we wait for our next gem in this under developed genre go and play this, its loads of fun."
76561198015035530,Recommended,215530,32186139,Posted: 4 June,all,aaronj0072,"Very enjoyable.  It has three classes, each with 'class only' loot and skills so it's replayable plus once beating the game you can start over and keep leveling up your character similar to Diablo 3.   For $20 you can't beat it.  I'll be downloading the second part next and hope for more of the same."
76561198002913841,Recommended,215530,19405143,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,pugo,arpg similar to diablo with tight graphics and amusing storyline; van helsing and his companion ghost lady have adventures in typical van helsing setting.
,Not Recommended,215530,8962917,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,PvtHudson,"Van Helsing is a Diablo like action RPG developed by the Hungarian studio NeoCore Games known for their King Arthur series. Van Helsing combines a lot of the quality-of-life tweaks developers have been adding onto the genre ever since Diablo 2 became bigger than sliced bread. Some of these include the companion and pet system, the ability to respec your character without ever having to be afraid of gimping them, and the ability to disenchant and unsocket weapons without destroying either weapon or gem. However, the game is plagued by tons of bugs and performance issues and its multiplayer component should not even be considered playable.Issues in co-op:- The questline is not saved unless you are the host. Either play through the game entirely with a party or play it solo.- The tower defense portion and all the Secret Lair upgrades are inaccessible to anyone who is not the host.- Constant crashing when transitioning between areas.If you're opting for a single player only experience, then you'll get an average game that never takes off or goes anywhere. Remember, this is part 1 of an unfinished trilogy. Van Helsing lacks replay value as well. The level cap is 30 and there is no real endgame content. While the combat is genuinely fun despite adding nothing new to the genre, the customization options are very weak due to limited skill trees.NeoCore have rushed out an average game then proceeded to sell extra content for it without fixing longstanding issues. Both extra character classes, and the 2nd skill tree for Katarina, were sold for real money which is absolutely deplorable for an action RPG. Let’s not forget that people who pre-ordered this game got an exclusive permanent boost to their magic find. If you plan on buying the 2nd game, you can probably expect the same treatment. Buy a buggy game for $15, then pay $10 for additional content. These 3 games and all their content combined will end up costing you more money than a new game in the long run.Unless you've experienced every action RPG on the market right and starving for more, then there is no way I can recommend this title.My full video review is available at:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJZn7fde1J4"
,Recommended,215530,8589257,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,snobeee,"When I saw this, I thought this looks fun.  I was not wrong!  Besides the initial issue I had with DirectX (had to install DirectX 9 again), I had no problems or obvious bugs so far.  The game has performed well on my i7, 12GB memory, with SSD, and a GTX670 graphics card.Some users I noticed on the Steam forum have been having problems with the game not starting.  My wife and eldest son both play the game, and both had no problems.  But be aware that this seems to be happening with some people.  There is a dev that is on the forums at least trying to help now and then.Takes a short while to figure out the Rage, powerup settings and tricks, but once that is done, the rest of the game is easy to understand and grasp.  Pretty linear, just follow the quest markers.  Keep the tutorial on so you can easily get the initialy help you likely will need to better userstand the game.  Even then, you may need to play around a bit to fully understand the rage and powerup settings.  You can reset your abilitys, so don't worry about it being set in stone forever... just costs gold.Graphics and audio is great.  The audio is enjoyable and fits the action adventure gameplay.Some pointers:1. Take note that you can only have 10 perks during your 30 levels.  Many better perks don't show up initially in the game, so you may need to hold out before selecting.  Otherwise, find a resource online somewhere that provides all the perks and wait for the ones you want once you have seen them all.  Unlike your abilities and skills, you can't reset your perks.2. There is no save option, so you will always return to the waypoint (or ""ink"" point) of a certain area after you exit.  There is a setting in options that allows you stop the monsters from respawning if you exit.  Respawning after death costs money.  Once you get to your lair, you will be able to return to your lair for no cost.  Then you just run back to where ever you were when you died.  In general, the run back is not long for any place, so not a problem if you are a money scrooge.3. If you play all the quests, including most side quests, there is no need to grind for loot and leveling . Once you get further into the game, you can obtain a lot of loot by repeatedly killing certain mobs, bosses or champs, though in general there is no need to do this unless you want epic loot for all pieces of armour... and even more gold.  Gold is NOT difficult to come by.4. Your ghost, Lady Katarina, can be setup to pick up items for you.  Any items like potions and gold will be picked up on YOUR behalf.  So you will auto receive the items she gets.  She just saves you the inconvenience of going to collect them at times.  If you want her to actually use healing potions herself, you must specifically give them to her, and they will go in her potion's inventory tab.  On the other hand, the armour and weapons she picks up will go into her inventory.Overall, the game is fun, with some humour thrown in.  Make sure you get the DLC as it will give even more replayability."
,Recommended,215530,13593883,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Najinful,Hard mode - Challenging - Improved optimization - 100+ Hours to invest - Value for moneyVerdict : Grab it ( the dlcs are worthy too )Heroic Hardmode Guide is coming for ThaumaturgeGrab it 8/8
,Recommended,215530,12699476,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SweetBullet92,"If you like short arpg's with interesting storyline, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,215530,9952706,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,NMBR1MRTL,"When I first played this game it had a sizeable number of bugsand a punishing difficulty, even on normal. But it was fun.Four playthroughs later, after using all three character classes;the game is a mix of Torchlight II in terms of mechanics and asteampunk-ish Dark Souls, with its keyboard-bashing AI swarmtactics and overpowered monsters thrown at the player.The game has its sizeable number of bugs trimmed down to'manageable' number of bugs with its patch history, but bugsremain. Some of the achievements do not unlock even whenall the prerequisites have been cleared, only to be unlockedin a separate playthrough with another character or when alevel is loading between map screens.The writing in the game is, well; incredible. The introductorysequence alone leaves you wanting more with the variouslocations shown, but the witty banter between Van Helsingand Lady Katarina doesn't feel out-of-place in the grimlyrendered, industrial-gothic-overtoned world.With design elements from other great games and its owncombination of witty black humor and quirkiness, theIncredible Adventures of Van Helsing stands out well, morethan the sum of its parts.Recommended, but due to the bugs, proceed with caution."
,Not Recommended,215530,8381999,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SEKTORX TV,GAME CRASHES ON LOAD EVERY TIME.IF YOU LOOK AT THE FORUMS THIS HAS BECOME AN INCREASING PROBLEM FOR THOUSANDS OF PLAYERS.RUNNING:4.2 GHZ PROCESSOR8GB RAM 2 X QUAD COREWINDOWS 7 HOME
76561198271339210,Not Recommended,215530,21323773,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Voidbender,"The Incredible Lag of Van HelsingGenerally I don't write bad reviews about games, but this time I have to.The main reason why I give this game negative score is because the technical aspect of this game is on the same level as that garbage of this game's steampunk scenery:1. It is badly optimized2. Quests get bugged all the time3. Ability sets don't get saved4. The game tends to crash after minimizing itTo eleborate:1. You will needbetterhardware you think for this game to be playable, the recommended settings I can consider to be lies. Even if you tinker the settings to get FPS up, the game still suffers from annoying stuttering and screen-tearing. V-sync will dump your performance even more.2. Scripts, gate openings, cutscene launches after booses - such quest related things routinely fail to execute, but hey - the devs got a ""solution"", open chat and type ""/FixQuest"" then space and a number, which quest needs fixing... it is better than nothing but such cheap solution is an insult to paying users - why the hell wasn't the game released in a proper condition in the first place?3. Similar to other hack and slash games, you can switch between saved skill combinations, the thing is, they are resetting to basic attacks after each loading screen. I have asked about this, the support quickly replied and said they will look into this, kudos to them, but that problem actually happening was just another drop to my already aggravated patience.4. Oh, another quest bugged? Just Google, which quest number should be entered now for the command, you minimize the game and it crashes...Even apart from technical problems, there are other things:1. The fights in this game get extremely overwhelming, you are attacked by a lot of enemies at once who charge at you from large distances, in some areas the enemies simply keep respawning indefinitely after you've killed a wave...2. Abilities feel they have low impact. Nothing you throw makes a lot of difference, in most of the game you'll be orb-dancing and spamming ranged attacks, constantly drinking potions and waiting for Katarina to respawn.3. Katarina doesn't understand the concept of tactical retreat. You can adjust her combat behaviour but it doesn't make any noticable difference.Now positive qualities:1. Humour.There are funny situations and interesting dialogues between the main character and Katarina - the ghost companion.2. Visuals.The game does look good, despite unreasonably highactualsystem requirements.Note that if the technical part of this game would be fine, I would give this game positive rating, there certainly are some interesting ideas and nice sceneries, however - in the condition how it is now I just cannot recommend anyone to pay for this.I am glad I bought this on sale, not for full price! And speaking of money - you can play only ONE class in this game, you are asked to buy DLC if you want other classes...It is NOT worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,215530,9346933,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Black Wombat,"I want to like this game. The writing is decent and enjoyable, the ambiance is interesting, and it has a pet system similar to Torchlight, but with more customization and leveling options.However, ultimately, in my experience, it devolves into a tedius grind at higher levels, where virtually every fight wound up being 'aggro group of enemies, kite for an unforgivably long time until all dead, run to next group of enemies', and I really can't overlook that. Maybe it would have been better if I hadn't been playing on Hard difficulty, but the lack of variation in enemy AI and length of time every enemy took to kill really wore on me.Go download some mods for Torchlight II if you want to reinvigorate your Diablo-like experience."
76561197993561188,Not Recommended,215530,17006319,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,koobze,"I bought this game to play multiplayer with my girlfriend, after we beat Diablo 3. Honestly, it was some of the most frustrating gaming I've ever experienced, and if it wasn't for the fact that not many other games of this genre exist, I would've uninstalled it ages ago.Pros:- nice atmosphere and art- interesting character builds- decent story and voice acting- the game looks great and runs pretty well - no sudden slowdowns or anything like thatCons:- frequent crashing/locking up when doing scene transitions, to the point where we were lucky to play 2h at a time- frequent bugs that interrupt the gameplay (ie you are dead and can't respawn, or you respawn in your home-base but are dead and need resurrecting *in the base*)- bugs that break missions (had en entire level bug out with no enemies spawning over multiple visits/session, broke the final boss quest 3 or 4 times)- ridiculous difficulty. maybe we were playing it wrong after Diablo but dying constantly on Casual difficulty was not fun- as a spellcaster, I had frequent lock-ups where a spell would remain stuck casting, so I couldn't cast any other spells and could not move - had to just wait to die and respawnNot sure how that stacks up in single-player since I was not interested in that aspect, so if you're never intending to play multiplayer read some other reviews. However, if you want to play multiplayer, I hope you have endless patience."
76561197965252802,Recommended,215530,15794339,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Danstri,DIE MONSTERS DIE. Was fun.
76561197998701258,Recommended,215530,25979234,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Psygnal,"This is a fun little ARPG. Without DLC there are effectively two options - swordy type or shooty type, and you can switch between them basically at will. Your ghostly companion can be set up as either range or melee as well. The combination is pretty cool.  I've had some success levelling my ghost up as a tank, and sitting back at range and using my guns to finish off opponents which are targeting her. There's also some limited magic which you can use for basic AoE attacks.Environments are nice. Maps tend to be pretty big, and the sort-of-steampunk atmosphere is a nice change.The voice acting is a bit hit-and-miss. The main characters are fine, but you'll bump into some real howlers early on who I suspect were voiced by the game's programmers.The game is a bit more story-driven than, for example, Diablo III seems to be. You get quests popping up all over the place, and finishing them isn't too much of a stretch.You do have to do a lot of kiting. More than I'm particularly comfortable with. You either get mobbed by a *LOT* of enemies, with no real way to damage more than one at a time... or you'll get one mob which takes a long time to kill, even though it's not particularly challenging.   This is a bit of a flaw, but it's not a major one, all things considered.I got this on special for $4, and it's well worth that. This holds up nicely, even given the fact that ARPGs aren't really all that hard to come by.It could do with more character/attack customisation (without DLC) and the loot system is a bit 'meh', but it seems to be a pretty solid, enjoyable game."
,Recommended,215530,17390225,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Terrean,"Recommend?  Just barely.Pros- Great environment- Good music- Decent voice acting- Defending your lair against waves of enemies- DLC - Lady Katarina and Thaumaturge class- Cool monsters to interact with - rat men, werewolves, and necrosCons- Story is a bit muddled.  Individual pieces make sense, but the overall theme gets lost.- Display issues.  Played on an older system with Nvidia GTX 560ti and it was almost unplayable with everything cranked down.  Upgraded to basically new everything and ran great with everything cranked to max though I would still login and have to restart my computer sometimes due to graphic bugs.- Level cap?!  So weird, they give you the option to have monsters respawn in areas you've cleared, etc. Got to end of the game and my level is capped, perks are capped, and I'm assuming Lady Katarina was capped too.  Lame.  Really killed replayability with that character on the different modes.- Crafting was needlessly complex for a top down RPG.  Let me combine A and B and get C.  Not A, B, C, with D to regulate this variable with E controlling something else.  I went straight to enchanting - pay a fee for a particular stat increase"
76561198052277089,Recommended,215530,8272226,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Stan_nn,Van Helsing was realy fun to play!
,Recommended,215530,7825356,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Blattdorf,"It's a game that does a lot of things right in the first 3/4ths of the game, but that last 1/4th becomes a bit of slog. Still, I had a lot of fun with it. If you want a D2-style aRPG and dislike playing a game three times to get to the ""real game"" - get Van Helsing. You'll have a good time with it.Definitely get the Blue Blood DLC as it has some very useful skills for Katarina (which should've been there in the first place, but I digress)."
,Recommended,215530,21811104,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Rudivdw,"I've been playing Diablo 3 a lot lately, and I got a tad bored with it, so I decided to finally fire up Van Helsing. At first I didn't like it, but it gets progressively better the more you play. It has a few unique twists and mechanics to the whole ARPG formula that I really like. It's not quite a fluid and fast paced as Diablo, but that's not necessarily a bad thing in my opinion. Anyway, if you like ARPG's, then this is a no brainer."
,Recommended,215530,26083868,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pingu' [5],"Good game, interesting story line gets a bit imposible."
,Recommended,215530,6114065,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,echoness,Incredible Adventure indeed. A really fun game for ARPG lover.
,Recommended,215530,34681541,Posted: 2 September,all,Brak,"My wife and I have started playing Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing 1 recently and we are both enjoying it very much. I recommend this game as an alternative to Diablo III and Classic Dungeon Siege. Concepts and Gameplay are very similar. I must warn in advance though that so far I have encountered 3 bugs in the game (only with the Thaumaturge though), don't use alternative attack (Right-click from your mouse), sometimes your character will get stuck and not even attack, even though the mana burns down, this is fixed when teleporting back to town/lair. Second sometimes it's stuck on the loading screen when exiting the sewers, and third but most classic (unable to reproduce, but worth mentioning) the Thaumaturge has a ""slowdown-time"" ability, depending on what level you are will determine the lenth of the slowdown-time. Once it went on longer than expected so the entire game slowed down, when I used the ability again, the game was sped up by double the normal speed. We couldn't stop laughing at this as with one click you are on the other side of the map just because we tried to pick up items and the enemies died a lot faster which was a bonus at the time :), returning to town/lair fixed this problem as well. Only advice that I can give to anyone who plays, preferably don't use right-click and teleporting to town/lair seems to fix most of the issues. But they haven't stopped us from continuing to play."
,Recommended,215530,9356283,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Jakkar,"Exactly what it wants to be. Completely aware of what it is. A smoothly produced, atmospheric and thoroughly entertaining ARPG emphasising singleplayer, enjoyable quests and characters, and a focused experience. A single character and his ghostly partner (playing the role of a pet or minion, albeit with a strong personality and her own inventory, abilities and progression) romp across a neo-Transylvanian setting combing classic Gothic horror, Shelley's Frankenstein and Teslapunk/Steampunk aesthetics.I've not enjoyed any other traditional ARPG as much as this one - more challenging than Path of Exile, more varied and consistently entertaining than Diablo II, richer and far better presented than Titan Quest, and more involving than Torchlight.If you want some story, good writing and something a little more lively than the conventional grind in an exceedingly well made and satisfying ARPG, jump in. If you want to level mindlessly and play the game repeatedly in multiplayer, play something else.This crew deserve your money.- Jack"
,Recommended,215530,13902962,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Oski,"The Incredible Adventures of van Helsing is a really nice surprise. The game has a unique gothic atmosphere, a well designed character development system, dynamic combat, storyline with decisions to make and some tower defense elements. Unfortunately there are some errors and issues - a silly economy model and weak epic items, for instance. Still - Van Helsing isn't a game visibly worse, than other hack'n'slashes out there. If you like gothic mixed with strange machines, it's worth checking out"
,Recommended,215530,7823299,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Darth Edison,"A so so game, not so good, and not so bad either. I wouldnt say any better than Diablo 3 but i think the game is worth below USD10."
,Recommended,215530,14992134,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,i2k011,"Absolutely love it - story telling (even if cutted into 3 parts), balance and enemies, humour, Katarina (!), easter eggs, etc.No, this is not (Spartaaaa) Diablo 3... of course. But if you give chance to it you'll have fun."
76561198017274582,Recommended,215530,8351719,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,O-Mega-Piçalhudo,Awesome Indie game a Must buy
,Recommended,215530,31146245,Posted: 14 April,all,CipherHawk,"Played this game a bit now, got it on sale, but honestly it would have been worth it even if it wasn't. The game maps are expansive, detailed, and fun to run through. There is a good mix of character types and abilities, so you can certainly play to a specific style you prefer.There were some issues, one in particular, is a blank loading screen that occurs when setting the game is set to windowed mode (black screen would load and game would be unplayable). However, the fix to this was simple enough, load the game from its binary (/steamapps/common/<gameloc>) and set back to full screen, and everything was back up and running.Another issue was being unable to change camera angles, being unable to do so, was a bit off-putting but certainly not enough to keep me from enjoying the rest of the gameplay.As it stands I do highly recommend this game, as it is highly enjoyable and by and large well designed – overall, it was certainly an enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,215530,15214869,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Epilepticon,"Van Helsing was, to me, one of those games that was only pleasureful to play in c-op. I've started out playing it alone, but quickly grew tired of it. There isn't much holding this title up in terms of story or novel game mechanics. This is a classic, if a little simplistic RPG through and through. In co-op, however, I had the chance to play polar opposite builds with my gaming buddy which made for a more interesting, strategy-driven experience. Without this additional challenge, I wouldn't have found the incentive to ever finish this game.Your ghostly companion has a very enticing voice, though.All in all, I don't recommend it."
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,215530,15965027,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Zuntullah,"Difficulty issues, boss fights not fun.This could have been a great game, but it's mediocre at its best.Increase in difficulty = increase in number of enemies. It becomes a gangbang after a while.Some boss fights are frustrating. For example during drill monster fight it's really hard to click on the trigger in the middle.Currently shrines are broken. When you click on them your character starts running in opposite direction. There are lots of forum posts about this but no one has fixed it yet."
76561198073506651,Recommended,215530,8397407,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tero,"Great game, I really enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,215530,8437120,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,sylvanax,"A lot of playability, fun and tasteful references to other well-known games (including Diablo, Torchlight, Portal...) and additional flavour to all people whose mother area is one of the Slavic countries (guys, after all this time spent over Sapkowski's novels I've battled rusalkas, vrikolaks and domovoys - how amazing is that?...)Bawcie się dobrze ;)"
,Recommended,215530,8111427,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Overkillbunny,"Detailed graphics made with lots of love, nice music that fits perfectly to the setting and most importantly engaging and versatile gameplay mechanics. The DLCs add even more varsity to the gameplay by adding skills to Katarina and introducing completely different gameplay styles with the two new characters, the arcane mechanic and the thaumaturge. I can't wait for more content to spend more time in this mysterious new world with van helsing and his ghost katarina, the monsters of east european myths, the steampunk machineries, etc."
,Recommended,215530,7004711,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Orgasmatron,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=149670880#90327
76561198102417883,Recommended,215530,7927077,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,XanderDanger,"Entertaining and fun. This game plays like Diablo meets the world of Van Helsing with vampires, werewolves, and other such monsters. It's a hack/slash fun-fest with some decent voice-acting (entertaining quips and interesting voices which does occasionally lull with some of the dialogue, but at least the voice-actors are pretty cool), some decent graphics, interesting powers/perks and character development, and other such fun. If you dig Diablo and the world of Van Helsing then check this game out. It's a shorter romp, but well-worth the playthrough!"
76561198038879962,Recommended,215530,8401572,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skattfor,"Action RPG, Diablo-like game.Quite fun, environment is beautiful. Quite a lot of stuff you can customize as well.As of now there are 3 different classes, each with 2 different ability/skill paths.Hunter: Name defines the class, melee cool sword abilities, ranged revolver or shotgun battles, pretty cool effetcs and abilities.(the only class ive played), the other two are a battle mage, and a ranged specialist. All classes also has a set of Auras, and a set of ""Tricks"", special abilities rather said. Each ability can be infused with ""rage"" which you get form killing monsters and enemies. With the rage you make an ability stronger by choosing between three different powerups. SUch as 50% more dmg, or 5% heal per enemy hit, or mroe targets hit. the Artifical intelligence is quite something, works much better than in D3 and Torchlight 2, give it special acessories and upgade its abilities, which you choose yourself, talking about your companion, is it wasnt clear enough.Nice Features:Gem cutting, enhancing, upgrading.Armor forging, combine for chance to get better item(Artifact forge).Inktravel (basicly teleport).Enchanting, disenchanting.up to 4 player MP online OR local.Nice storyline, as well as great humor thrown in here and there.Companion called katarina, has her own abilities and passives, has 3 different ""modes"", defend, guard, and caster.Great environment, clothes could have been more detailed but still fits into the game perfectly.Spell details are also quite nice, but could have had more work, compared to the detaield environment and enemy-models.You get to play as the legendary monster hunter Van Helsing.I really recommend this game, very fun and entertaining, tons of quests and items with a large variety of ""stats"".9/10 for its astonishing humor, environment, customizing capability and storyline."
,Recommended,215530,11097381,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,humbledore,FOR MUCH PROGRESS AND MANY SCIENCE
,Recommended,215530,7953579,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,p3r02d3r0,"An incredible, insanely addictive game with great characters, great voice acting, great graphics, design and gameplay. Sadly, there is a good number of bugs which can prevent you from advancing further in the game. But the good news is, the developer is very responsible towards players, so as soon they notice the complaint, they make a patch.At this point, I'd give it 8/10. It would be 9.5/10 easily if it was bug-free."
,Recommended,215530,8320905,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Umbreow™,"this game is fun, I've only played 2 hours so far and I already want to try my hardest to complete it just because of how fun it is."
,Recommended,215530,8329289,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,shitstain,"First time I heard about this game I thought it was a cheap Hack n Slash similiar to Frater or Space Hack (which weren't really any good). The promo trailer shows a character being put in a bullet hell, but with monsters instead of bullets. This seemed like a good idea to me, but still I was thinking this only happens in special areas/zones, or during some in-game events.Couldn't be more wrong as this game is as intense as it should be. You can fight a lot of monsters and develop your skills in a way that expands your gameplay. Even though the plot and characters aren't really ""the best"" this is still a very good, plain hack'n'slash game. It offers a lot for the price of 3,73€. You should really try it. I'm a Diablo fan and even though I wouldn't play this over Diablo, I would totally play it over games like Torchlight. This game just gives you this feeling of fighting evil at it's finest.♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,215530,8642061,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,blint,"A ton of fun. If you liked Titan Quest, this feels like a spiritual successor. It's not very long, guessing around 20 hours. I got it for less than $7 though, and that's a great value. I'll probably replay it at some point as well. I'd say it's easily worth the price at full price too. It feels more engaging than your typical isometric arpg, especially playing at higher difficulties. They made most of the abilities have combinations, so you're constantly doing things. Unless you're playing the game on an easier difficulty, it shouldn't be a matter of spamming a single ability over and over (which is nice compared to a majority of these style games).The leveling system feels nice. It's usually exciting to get a new level. There's also a reputation system, where you get to choose a new strong buff after gaining enough reputation. The reputation system felt a bit slow, though. I'm nearly at the end of the game and I've gotten around 6 levels in reputation. The loot system felt on-par with other games in this genre. I got the feeling that there weren't many ""set"" items, but that actually was a positive thing given the length of the game and it's focus on a single player experience. I was able to complete 2 sets in my playthrough. I usually don't like forced companions in these types of games, but I enjoyed the companion in this one. She had a lot of dialog, and actually felt helpful. She also buffs you as you level her up. There are side quests that give you unique items for the main Hunter class, but you can equip them on your companion if you're not a hunter.Overall, I had a ton of fun with this game, and I highly recommend it if it's on a sale or even if it's not. Just keep in mind isometric arpgs are not everyone's cup of tea.I did not try the multiplayer, so I cannot comment on that."
76561198088512517,Recommended,215530,13253572,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kull,"Not normally into this type of game but my love for Van Helsing and everything Steampunk forced my hand. So glad it did, the game is beautiful the music is awesome the voice acting is great and whitty. The customization and Skill Trees are pretty in depth and replaybility seems pretty big.10/10 addicted!"
,Recommended,215530,8331994,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Into the Pot,"One of my favorite games on steam. It's combat is similar to that of Diablo. Your methods of attack are of course Ranged (Guns) and Melee (Swords). The skill tree system allows you to specialize in one or the other but also allows you to mix and match to find a style that find a style that fits your method of playing. The game is pretty long with plenty of side quests and the story is pretty good. The dialog could be better for other characters but the conversations between you and your partner are quite humorous. There isn't any grinding in this game so the game pretty much encourages you to do side quests to make sure that you're at the appropriate level so things aren't to hard. There is some strategy involved in combat so you can't just go rushing into a fight expecting to win all the time. I learned that the hard way. You're ghostly companion can also be leveled up and the game allows you to spend her stat points as you please, so you can make her a tank or an all out brawler. She also has two modes of attack: Melee and Ranged which you can switch at anytime you want even in the midst of combat. She has plenty of buffs you can choose from when you level her up, giving you more defense, attack, etc. The games multiplayer isn't that bad but it's kind of dead so maybe you might want to try and get a friend to play with you. Overall the game is worth the buy even at full price. My personal score for the game is an 8/10 so give it a try!"
,Recommended,215530,9505972,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,DesperagoN,"i  I recenly bought the game and i started palying it !! I have already play the Torchlight 2 and the Path of Exile , and i was kinda familiar for this game kind.. Well the game is really cool, it has a nice story , but i think it could be a bit deaper than it is now, but i guess that it will happen in The Sequel of the game that it comes..The basic hero (hunder ) is ok , with some spells/skills be more powerfull than others , the melle is ok , but i prefered to play it on max range with guns... The good thing withthe game is that you can play it the way toy want it , it offers a great variety of gaming styes to chose what you really want..I replayed as thaumaturge but this clas seemed a bit morre powerfull than the hunter....i dont know if this is my idea or not, but i finished the quest faster than the 1st time...Now i chosed the neverending story to find more chalenge in the game , which seems cool to me,,the ghost companion is a very good made implement in the game , and i ant to learn more about the lady..its on the high ights of thi game..the thing tha i dint like a lot is that i was 25-30 lvl and non of the items that i loot was good for me... i was with the same items from lvl 23 or so i think ,, which made the looot a very stupid thing... the only good thing bou t it in high levels is that you could selll them in high prises.. this continues in Neverending story.. i m still with the same item from before enter he mode, which is kinda stupid and boring..the replayability of the game  is pretty high and to be honnest is the first time in this kind of games tha i want to keep playing it .. also the achievments are kinda adictive i have to say, and i want to collect them alll..the game ofc is not in the same level as Diablo 3 or POE but it is a great single play game that you hav to try if you are fan of those games!! Also the low prise helps in that, especially in dicount sales it costs 3-5 euro which is pretty cool if you thing the enjoyment that it will offer you...SO GUYS YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS GAME, IT WORTHS THE TIME AND THE MONEY"
76561198185785554,Recommended,215530,15993843,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,LordXetius,One of the better PC games I have played in a while.  It is also Full Controller Supported which makes it so much easier for me.  I am a console gamer at heart and this game is perfect for that feel.  This game feels a bit like Baldur's Gate with more extensive leveling and equipment.  The story is pretty good and after about 2 hours of gaming I can say I am pretty hooked.  Definitely a good purchase and well worth your time if you enjoy the RPG/Hack & Slash genre.
76561198062668142,Recommended,215530,14998048,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Avalanche!,Being a vampire hunter sans vampires feels weird. Hehe.But definitely a good hack and slash game wth good graphics and good humor ( Van/Katrina banter )
,Recommended,215530,15082632,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,S8 Daddy Long Legs!,it has something that torchlight and diablo series doesn't have :)
76561198094906782,Recommended,215530,14952950,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,twelvegaugetim,Super fun game! Stands up to Diablo and all the others.
76561198027713442,Recommended,215530,16461107,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Scissorman,"A great start to a new franchise and one of the funnest, and funniest dungeon crawler RPG's I have ever played. Van Helsing and Katarina have great chemistry and quip with eachother the entire game and there is also plenty of humor and jokes hidden throughout. There are a few issues with the game that do hurt my rating of it, though. First, for a dungeon crawler it is pretty short, but it was meant to be a trilogy. Second, the game is very, VERY unbalanced. When the game begins it's simple enough and fun to play, but once you are a couple of hours in the difficulty ramps up out of nowhere and you are constantly dieing and respawning every few minutes and this lasts the rest of the game. Enemies seem to do ungodly amounts of damage and your stats or equipment don't seem to make any difference in how much damage you take or deal. It makes for a very frustrating experience in an otherwise top-notch RPG. I highly recommend it for the cheap going price."
76561198108269527,Recommended,215530,15903772,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,quantum_jak,"I initially resisted buying this game because I thought it might be a lame movie tie-in game. However I decided to give it a shot after reading reviews. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it is a very good arpg game.The game features standard arpg gameplay, well-adapted for using a controller. With dlc there are a few different classes, and different ways to build your character within those classes. The writing is good, with lots of clever banter between Van Helsing, his ghost companion, and sometimes the different characters you meet while adventuring. There are a few offbeat quests and amusing easter eggs to find. These touches help the game to stand out from the average hack n slash arpg. The action is top-notch. Mobs can be huge and overwhelming sometimes. The game definitely keeps you moving while in areas populated by enemies. This, combined with the large variety of monster types definitely keeps the game from getting repetitive. Monster respawn every time you leave an area. Fortunately the respawning can be turned off, and then can be turned on again if you feel you need to grind more xp before progressing further in the game.Overall I'd give the entire series an 8.5/10. This and its sequel are first class modern arpgs, just as good as Diablo III or Torchlight II."
76561198069095749,Recommended,215530,14995280,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Noriega,"I liked everything about this game.  Good gameplay, nice graphics and music.Actually enjoyed this more then Diablo 3.  So many enemies coming all at once, keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Really found the lore interesting and lots of cool loot drops.  Loved the ability to switch between gun range and sword up close on the fly.  Had so much fun with this one!9.5/10"
76561198071348073,Recommended,215530,15821628,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Starfield,"Nice ARPG, with a good protagonist and a great sidekick.The East European mythology + steampunk setting is a refreshing variation from the usual fantasy mix."
76561198034500162,Recommended,215530,15910149,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,kleiniam,"Man for the price of a movie ticket and a snack...you cant go wrong. I just started but the replay value seems pretty good already. I love the Diablo games and such, and this is similar. Story seems to be decent at this point. The only complaint I have is the skill usage. I am playing the regular character and skills do not seem very dynamic so far. Also boosting  the skills with your rage is 50/50 for me. I can not decide if I like it yet. But I would give this game a 9/10 for its price. Get it and have fun."
,Recommended,215530,18900989,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hane-Loxtrisa,Great fun! A couple of glitches/bugs I've encountered have been fixed by reading the forums here on Steam. Lots of replayability IMO. The dialogue alone has been worth the price.
,Recommended,215530,10237211,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,tithin (งツ)ว (✿ >‿‿<),"A sturdy, if rough around the edges Diabloesque, reasonably well balanced though ranged characters suffer quite harshly towards the end of the game. Somewhat mitigated by the fact that you have a companion who you can build as you see fit."
,Recommended,215530,7310616,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Foxy the Milf Hunter,good game killing mosters and stuff and it kinda reminds of WoW LoL Dota kinda one of these
,Recommended,215530,9345212,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,nethead,This is the best indie rpg ever
76561198298854896,Recommended,215530,24492120,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,tggleason51,"Well, I have found that after choosing many games by the good reviews that reviewers tend to be a very picky lot. Many of the games that have great ranking are simply awful. the ones that get between 70%  and 80 usually find me at least liking them. It turns out after many years of casual gaming I dont like most of the games that are highly rated. This game is charming, fun, doesnt take itself to seriously, and has in my opinion very good characters and gameplay. Rotten tomatoes gave it a 72% I think, I give it a 9.5. its a fun game! like games should be.....good guys and bad guys, none of this always bad against worse guy."
76561197972258172,Recommended,215530,13329731,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is one of a number of games released in the last few years that succesfully tackles a popular but well-worn genre, and manages to be both faithful to the genre style, whilst streamlining the experience, leaving it feeling both new and deeply nostalgic at the same time.This game is one of the more fun isometric RPGs I've played, and I'd call myself a harsh critic of the genre. This and Torchlight 2 are probably my favourites, and share a lot in common in terms of updating and streamlining the experience. TIAVH is generally a well-made game, and despite some issues with player-character pathfinding, I can't really fault the production quality. It has wonderfully schlocky voice acting, humourous dialogue, lovely visuals, a deep, deep skill tree that you'll never completely discover in one playthorough, a streamlined inventory, tonnes of enemy types, plenty of wonderful locations, and LOTS of loot. The game also rewards you regularly with achievements, which keeps you pushing forward.With that being said, it doesn't reinvent the wheel, meaning that some of the clunkier core mechanics of the isometric RPG classics remain intact. Expect repetition, a relentless onslaught of enemies, lots of useless loot, and sharp, frustrating spikes in difficulty, particularly towards the last 25% of the game.While this does stick to a classic (and some might say tired) formula, the depth of the skill trees, the frequent validation by achievements, and the sheer personality of the characters and the world keep me playing onwards.Even with any gripes I have towards genre, I'd recommend this for full price, as the sheer depth of content will surely leave you feeling satisfied with your purchase. I hear that the sequel is even better, and I can't wait to play it!"
,Recommended,215530,12841802,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,fu k u,"A real gem for ARPG veterans or casual gamers alike. Do pick up the DLCs too, they are worth it!"
76561197965296062,Recommended,215530,26165528,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Levyten,"surprisingly good, after a rough start it gets better. Made with a lot of hearth, many nice small details.8,5/10"
,Recommended,215530,7720533,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Viktor Stay,Very Nice Game with ton of Bugs!
,Recommended,215530,29873727,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr. Matt,"Since some folks may look into puchasing these games individually as opposed to in the ""Final Cut"" edition which includes all 3 games, I'm going to also post a review of the individual games, taken from my Final Cut review with very slight modifications. I'm going to call this one Van Helsing I (while the sequels will be II and III, of course).Van Helsing I's content was great. I expected a garbage Diablo clone with a ghost following me around that wouldn't say anything and would be useless in regard to gameplay; just serving as a stand-in for a co-op partner because the game's balancing wasn't made for single player. Boy, was I wrong. That ghost companion is my favorite thing about all three games. Her name is Katarina, she's wonderfully voice-acted, is the best character in all three games, and she is snarky, funny, and great to have around for gameplay purposes, as she has three separate skill trees and levels up on her own. You can boost everything from boosting your hero's critical hit chance, to your Magic Find (item drop quality), to her own damage output, to her own HP, etc. She takes scenes that would be boring in any other game and injects personality and humor into them which make them either enjoyable or less unenjoyable than they would be without her. I cannot properly express how much I like Katarina. If I were given heaps of video game characters to pick from and could choose her, I dare say she would be in my overall top 10 favorite video game characters list.With Katarina out of the way, the environments in the first segment of Van Helsing I are all outdoors, looking nice with rocks, grass, snow, swampland, trees, etc. It wasn't horribly exciting, but the sheer competence of the combat for a ""Diablo clone"" took me by surprise. The maps were huge with plenty of monsters to fight, loot to pick up, hidden treasure and a fair number of side quests. By the time I finished the first big leg of Van Helsing I, I was getting a little tired of the outdoor areas. So what does the game do? It goes full-on steampunk. The guns and a few clockwork-soldier-looking-dudes in the wilderness had that vibes, sure, but I never expected a steampunk city with Van Helsing as the hero, but a ghost sidekick, monster allies, and scientist villains. It was cheesy and the vampire ally is practically a cartoon character, but it was all so lovable and fun. There were a significant number of references to movies, film, games, etc., but they never felt like ""too much"" to me, and added some levity to the game. The third act was more steampunk city, but the classier end of town, so it felt fresh.The final boss to Van Helsing I was pretty easy, but I'd rather have easy than insufferably hard, because I'm here to have fun, rather than prove something to myself or others. The ending is a to-be-continued sort of thing, but not a cliff-hanger by any means. I thoroughly enjoyed Van Helsing I's original release, and the version you can find in the Final Cut version of the game appealed a bit more to me, thanks to the new skill trees, though that's a matter of taste which could vary from player to player. I cannot speak of the co-op in the original version as I have not tried it, but if it is functional, then I would imagine it's quite fun as it was in the Final Cut version. This is a very good game, though depending on the price, you may wish to grab the Final Cut, even if only to play through the Van Helsing I segment and then quit the game without continuing due to the dip in quality from the sequels."
76561198081644909,Recommended,215530,26072995,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Droid,"It was fantastic game. :DIt worth every penny, full price and any discount.1. My first favourite game was Diablo III with expansion disc. So I never played same view games since I was toddle.2. I saw this game's trailer and the game third episode a really fair discount.3. I said ""All right, we live once"" so I bought first episode and started to play.4. I set game difficult hard because my diablo history and experience... and I felt the same feeling.5. Really good:- history and story line- skill tree- perks-the weapons and any of your equipment have not got durability like diablo-variable monsters-good graphic...etc.6. Bad:-to expensive healing potion :D-I am not experienced else mistake or bug.Summary:It worth it, you can BUY IT ANY TIME!!! :) AND HAVE FUN!"
,Recommended,215530,12381517,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Muir,"This game. Buy it. It's worth the full asking price - and that's high praise coming from me.The story is fantastic, drawing you in and making you want to play more just to find out what comes next. The music is soulful, and haunting; the graphics quite good.The game itself plays like Diablo and Torchlight, so if you've played either, you shouldn't have any problems with the controls and skill trees. The references to memes, other games, and popular culture are wide spread in this game. Everything from Ghostbusters to Portal and many more are alluded to here.The only gripe that I have about the game is that the end boss was too easy to beat. I had more difficulty beating a lower level boss than I did the final one. But then, I did play single player and on easy difficulty, which probably affected things a bit. My next play through will be multiplayer and on a higher difficulty setting, so it should be a bit more challenging the next time through.Again, this game is highly recommended."
,Recommended,215530,13283204,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,InsomniacHeaven,If you like Diablo style games such as Path of Exile or Torchlight then The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is for you. I recommend getting the Franchise pack while it's still on sale for a mere $13.59 or else you'll be missing out on the amazing game!10/10
,Recommended,215530,9318807,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Fallouter,"The main problems of that game was connection issues in coop but after my first reception devs had fixed coop troubles very quickly.And by the way, game is great, visialisation is dark and the music is charming.TL2, Diablo 3 < Van Helsing:)"
,Not Recommended,215530,17683796,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Rad Bromance,"I can't really put my finger on what exactly turned me off from this game. Some of it probably has to do with a fairly uninspired loot system lacking many interesting and meaningful modifiers, and having it reduced to simply red or green numbers to tell you straight up if it was more dps or not. I'm sure the writing did its share to help out, which seemed to think that if it was somewhat self-aware about being terrible it would be less terrible. The companion system was ok, but didn't feel like it really differentiated itself from, say, Torchlight 2. The tower-defense portion was pretty interesting, but felt kind of tacked-on, and like it took up a lot of space for being so ultimately meaningless. The infusion/enchanting system also seemed to have potential, but most of the ones I found didn't seem like they were that useful so I never really bothered with it.Overall, it was a thoroughly mediocre hack-n-slass. I can't think of any good reason to play it over its competitors. It just kind of exists."
,Not Recommended,215530,20284610,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Chtholly ~~ Nota Seniorious,"I hardly play this game without  opening my web browser....Not because it's too hard to beat butTOO F**KING MANY BUG ALREADY,....I'm done with this game"
,Not Recommended,215530,20434112,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Neriy Roe,"Fun, but still very alpha (as of 10 January 2016).1. Doesn't work on OS X 10.11.2. Crashes on launch. Tweak your system to make the game work.2. Hordes. It's impossible not to die when 50 or more enemies attack you at once, all the time. I'm talking about casual mode. In despite of whatever skills or armory you possess.3. My Mac meets all the requirements and I have over 30 frames per second. However, animations look very glitchy, skipping like 90% of all frames, despite of overall framerate. Even RuneScape animations look better.4. The game keeps freezing."
,Not Recommended,215530,21685265,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kerocyd,"+ Nice story (because i like van helsing)+ Good Character+ Pet? No, you have ghost- Not recommended for small graphic spec- Many bug spot, you can do nothing (exit, save, return from start point)- Little difficult for Normal Mode, i mean it's hard for newbie rpg player- Will get boring after play 1-2 hours"
,Not Recommended,215530,8430087,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sarindipity,"It's a fun game by itself but once you start comparing it to other ARPGs, Van Helsing doesn't quite match up.  The single player can be fun and monsters challenging but there are only so many play styles that will work.  With online co-op mode you might be able to specialize, but that is if you can even get online to work. Co-op frequently disconnected even after configuring everything.  If your looking for more diversity from a cookie-cutter dungeon style ARPG, look else where.  The limited abilities/spells also takes away from what this game could be.  For the price it's hard not to compare it to Path of Exile, and come up wanting with Van Helsing.tldr; Buy it for the single player, not the co-op, but don't spend more than $5."
76561197970582701,Not Recommended,215530,8329156,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,unblind,"Not even worth buying at sale prices.The combat is repetitive and slow paced, the UI is clunky, the vanilla game only comes with one character class you have to buy DLC to get the other twoI suspected it might be sub par when I found a bug in the start menu that would crash the game (pressing ""left"" in the character select screen before creating a character, how that hasn't been fixed after 9 months I have no idea)"
76561198089458478,Recommended,215530,10739857,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Gaffgarion92,"This was a fantastic buy during a Steam Sale when I first bought it, yeah it has some bugs and issues like any other PC game, but it's REALLY fun. Lots of people, including myself, like a challenge in a game, and being OP in a game is kind of boring. Not in this game, because you end up fighting hordes and hordes of enemies, so while you're OP against most enemies individually, you still get a good challenge to stay alive when fighting 50+ monsters clustering around you. The story is lacking some depth to it, the creators really focused on the dialogue between your main character and your companion, thus neglecting the story and creating something with more substance. Regardless, this is a great game to just kill things for fun, level up, and choose from a variety of playstyles and customization options. Oh, and did I mention you can get a GIANT FRICKIN LASER BEAM?!"
,Recommended,215530,9905034,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"Frankly I had doubts about this game as it seemed to be a diablo clone. Yet it is far more than that, in fact I enjoyed it much more. Picked up to play some co-op with my wife, but frankly I would have enjoy it alone as well. The graphics are great, the world is eerie and dark. Some mobs look a bit childish for my taste, but oh well... All in all, it is a great and sometimes challenging game, more intelligent than most of the games in the genre."
,Recommended,215530,6446009,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Vinidesigner,This game is Awsome! I recomend to everyone who like some Hack and slash Action RPG game!!!
,Recommended,215530,10037043,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Woggy,"Really enjoyable Diablo / Titan Quest / Torchlight style game, well worth playing if you like these kind of games."
,Recommended,215530,8575901,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,goeroezeboe,"Van Helsing is a very enjoyable hack and slash RPG. It may not offer endless replay value but you are almost certain to enjoy your first / second playthrough. So it offers 15-30 hours of fun at a very low price.PS. I do advise to buy the katarina DLC. It helps to keep her alive and thereby make the game more fun to play.+ good pace & difficulty level, lovely world with plenty of humor. Truly excellent item system offering just the right amount of loot to keep you playing just a little bit longer, if the Diablo III loot 2.0 is a bit like this, everybody will have a blast.- The graphics itself are rather decent, but the spell effects are not that impressive. Some games in the genre offer nearly endless replay value, in Van Helsing that is less the case. After 1 playtrough you have the feeling you have seen it all. The only reason to keep playing is the loot."
76561198007568142,Recommended,215530,9510116,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,WombatDazzler,Just finished the game with a ranged hunter build. Quite enjoyable. Just starting with a melee build for the second run through. Well worth the cost and time.I also have to say I am looking forward to the next van Helsing game.
76561197970485644,Recommended,215530,8820121,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,garryc,Good game
76561198017609499,Recommended,215530,9355920,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Conor McGreGOAT,"Super cool, challenges the senses at every turn"
76561197977524415,Recommended,215530,7924197,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,KrunkTheMadMan,Pretty good game minus the multiplayer issues and some quests bugging.
,Recommended,215530,9381819,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Crackoder,Amazing game! I like it a lot
76561198121226842,Recommended,215530,9382128,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Caly Andreea,Awesome!
76561198022755198,Recommended,215530,9499536,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,whdavo,"Initially I had lots of problems with the multiplayer, but months after release it's finally sorted. Fun and engaging, Van Helsing is definitely worth the £10 I paid for it."
76561197993713200,Recommended,215530,9418568,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Ỏ̡̲̗̬͚̥̾ͥ͟ͅ,"The incredible Adventures of Van Helsing ( an all dlc version review )This game offers you a choice of 3 different classes, each with a very solid selection of skills, first being a hunter which can actually be built in 3 different ways entirely on its own, or hybridized to your hearts content, having melee, ranged ( pistols and rifles ) and occult ( magic ) skills at his disposal.The second class is the Thaumaturge who is a pure spellcaster with plethora of skills at his disposal both offensive and control/support, all having their specific use, and the final class is a unique Arcane mechanic, having mine and grenade skills at his disposal, as well as gadgets and turrets.It is a very well done, unique and incredibly refreshing setting that this game is taking place in, there are no dwarves, no elfs, no typical fantasy arpg of which there is 16874 on the market and all look the same in the end.The game is set in a beautiful gothic noir setting with mythical, as well as mechanical creatures to be fought, and with exciting places to explore.Speaking about the monsters -They are designed well and look unique, there is swarms of them, so there is always alot of action, and thus, there is also tons of actually good loot, what more could you wish for, right?Speaking of loot, the itemization in this game is very well done.There is very typical item system of normal, magic, rare ( thus far the exact same as diablo II, including colors ) and finally epic and set items, which all have functionality like stat comparison to your equipped item, comparison to your followers equipped items ( more on that in a bit ) etc, a bit of a downside perhaps could be  that later on in the game, you may start getting lost in the constant stat comparations, because in this game it is fairly usual to be swapping items for new ones often.And what deserves a mention as well is that the devs were not afraid to actually let you drop or be rewarded with the epic items, one of my dislikes about other recent Arpg's is that you basically never get to see any of the highest tier items unless you farm for them for ages or play advanced game modes.This brings me to quest rewards, and money, since they go hand in hand.This is another area this game excels at. You get very, very good rewards even for sidequests you'd think were meaningless or not worth to bother with, being used to that from other, maybe even most rpg's.But in here, you are always rewarded with a rare item, sometimes in fact a unique ( epic ) one, with skill or stat points ( sometimes for you, sometimes for your follower ), and a decent sum of money, which are useful for quite alot of things as well.The experience reward for quests could I thought be higher, but then again, I reached the max level just playing the game normally, so there was no need for it then.And regarding money, another often overlooked area in other games, in here, you can then spend them upgrading your weapons, reseting your stat or skill points ( no other limits  for that then your money, awesome! ), gambling for items, and later on even improving the hideout where your character interacts with friendly npc's.Remember the mention of a follower? You indeed have one, bound to you by the storyline, and when I saw this, I was not happy about that, having experiences from most other games where followers are just constantly dead and useless.Not so in here, your follower, a ghost woman called Katarina has her own level progression with attribute points and 2 skill trees, one of which improves you by her actions/simply being with you, and the other purely improving her alone.This leaves incredible versatility and usefulness to her because you are completely free to make her an uberpowerful tank if you need it, and if it so happens she'd die, you can actually enable her to explode on death, usually clearing the whole mob of enemies that was attacking her.If you are melee, you are in turn completely free to make her your ranged support, or even if you so wish, to leave her out of the battle and just give you a permanent 10% dmg reduction.Furthermore, you could also tell her which items she would pick up ( if any ) and in which way should she attack your enemies, I wouldnt ask for more.Along Katarinas level up progression, and yours, which of course also lets you assign the typical attribute and skill points, there is more for your character than that. Much more.Along the regular skill tree ( or trees, for the Hunter class ), you also get an entire additional passive skill tree, which is in part unique and partially shared to/by all the classes, where you could choose from a number of passive skills two that you want to have active at all times.Want dmg reduction? Its there, want to heal Katarina with your attacks? Sure, and so much more.And thats still not all. There is an additional skill tree called ""tricks"" which you can also invest skill points, which are very useful active abilities like stopping the time, making 2 more katarinas temporarily to help you, or my spellcasters favourite, being able to burn all your mana for a massive explosion around him.Since the Thaumaturgist's spells are mainly focused on damage over time ( DoT ), this is a great tool to have for burst damage.Thought thats all? Nope, still not yet, because there are additionally perks too..You get those for killing big bosses and in general unusual monsters like veterans and champions, and they furthermore permanently improve your character to the point where you can choose to be impossible to be stopped in your tracks, or to not die when killed, and merely become incorporeal for several seconds.Now thats what I call a character progression, and to my best knowledge, I can honestly say it is unparalleled by any other single player Arpg's out there.The game as it is at the moment is imo a truly great experience free of any glitches or bugs, after being patched multiple times, which is incredibly impressive for a game studio so small that the final credits only rolled for about 1 single minute, no exaggeration.The game has very professional voice acting, as well as enjoyable music which deserves a mention, and the game is also full of very funny references to all kinds of things, including other games, of the same genre or otherwise, sometimes fairly hidden, sometimes very obvious.Some games may try to make jokes which dont fit in it, or some games just go full ""funny"" all the way, but what is impressive  about this game is that it manages to have an interesting, serious, believable world and atmosphere, and yet, effortlessly manages to include funny references in it that just make you smile..The games lenght is very solid 18 hours for one playthrough which is great, considering there are scenario mode and a game+ mode available as well, so replayability is great.Sumarry: An amazing action rpg game that has been a ton of pure fun thanks to its for a single player rpg unrivaled character development options, unique setting, fluent game mechanics that are clear and work exactly as youd expect at all times, and thanks to the constant rewards the game gives you which will never make you leave it for long until youve seen it all.And that would take at least a while.Highly recommended to get, the developers really deserve to be rewarded for a game this polished and with this many gameplay features.Rating: 89/100Pros:Unique settingCharacter developmentUseful followerItem types, customization optionsNpc functionalitiesGame's lasting appealSmart, funny referencesMade by a very small team, yet feeling as an AAA title forCons:Recycling of enemies in some levelsSometimes can become messy with swarms of enemies aroundStat comparing may feel a bit confusing"
76561197990499249,Recommended,215530,8487614,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,szubin0020,"its gooood, better than dugeon siege and much cheaper and almost as good as torchlight :)"
,Recommended,215530,10507610,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,dc,"Totally awesome action RPG. Without revealing too much of the story, you are the son of Van Helsing and aided by your ghostly companion Katarina, you travel to the distant land of Borgovia to rid the evil there. Gameplay reminds me a lot of Torchlight but the level of customization is a bit higher and the skill tree provides some nice upgrades. There is also a perk system which greatly enhances gameplay imo (depending on which perks you choose). Controls can be daunting at first, but as you go along and experiment with different skill sets, you will find the best option  that works for you. As previously mentioned, other classes are only available as a separate DLC, hence you should only buy this game as a full bundle (when it is on sale of course). The other DLCs add some much needed upgrades and modifications to an already cool game. Plus, when you've beaten this game you can import your character into The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing 2 and continue the adventure! :D"
,Recommended,215530,10605639,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rec_Bomb,Awesome
76561198056376350,Recommended,215530,10212316,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,0zinga,"great game, gets a little glitchy around the end boss, but the next one should be even better. So keep an eye out."
,Recommended,215530,8601108,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,alB,11/10 - It's ok.
76561198025106986,Recommended,215530,8394492,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MetaByte,Is quite the Diablo3 clone but it has really nice skill trees and is well designed. Real fun to play - dont miss the Katharina DLC.
,Recommended,215530,8504825,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Nainodel,Definitely better then Diablo 3 :). It's main pros are dialogues (they're funny and really well fit for the naughty adventure in style of Indy ;)) and difficulty level - it's not so easy as in torchlight sometimes you need to use your head (unless you have firewall skill :D)
,Recommended,215530,8248341,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Quatters,WHat Diablo 3 should have been
76561198104337278,Recommended,215530,9020733,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,davisp72,Love this game. Yes it is shorter but for the price and the fact some people dont want a 300hr+ game this is perfect.
,Recommended,215530,9023185,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,samkime,"Every good thing everyone else said.  I'm SO happy someone referenced this game in their review of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game I had purchased.  I've been taking my time exploring every nook & cranny, so I've only just started Act III -- therefore, I can't speak to replayability, ""endgame"", the 'Nightmare' mode (can't remember what it's called at the moment), etc.  But even if it ended with what I've experienced so far, it would still be absolutely worth the price."
,Recommended,215530,9030643,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,keowolf,This is a fantastic Steam Punk Diablo clone. The more I played the more I was hooked. Had lots of internesting options for the characters and some funny interactions between characters. Oh and I played the entire game with a controller it was fantastic!  It was well worth the money I had paid!
,Recommended,215530,9039286,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,bagmonkey,Best non-Diablo clicky looty RPG game I've ever played.
,Recommended,215530,9039550,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheMaytagMan,"A little buggy, but an extremely solid arpg."
,Recommended,215530,2533935,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Deathecus,"This game deserves more attention. One of the best recent ARPG's out there.Gorgeous looking game, great setting, great dialogue, story and pacing. Plenty of customization for yourself and your ghostly companion to create interesting snyergies. And hey, it's Van Helsing.I've been finding it very hard to stop playing this game. Even if you're not particularly interested in ARPG's, this game is worth a try. Better than Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3 in my opinion. Not as much replayability but your first run through experiencing everything will be far superior."
,Recommended,215530,9588697,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Zombie-Fu,"If you liked Diablo II, you'll like this. Tons of fun."
76561198053234081,Recommended,215530,9589683,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,bossjohn420,As good as Torchlight2 with better graphics and story
76561198010285850,Recommended,215530,7919184,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,D.E.N.N.I.S,Excellent game!  A hidden gem!  I 100% rcommend this.  Loved the UI and the graphics.  I only wish multiplayer works better (rubberbanding) and that the game was longer.  If you liked the Diablo series or Titan Quest you will enjoy this!
,Recommended,215530,8587875,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CombatJack,"I bought this game just to fill the void until the D3 expansion comes out. And I have to say, I've never been more pleasantly surprised by an indie game before! Calling this game an indie is unfair.Top notch quality game. Beautiful visuals, great steampunk feeling, brilliant and original monsters, great story, witty and humorous. And of course beautiful loot. LOOT!Do your self a favor and buy this fresh and original ARPG and you will not regret it. The loot drives us forward!"
,Recommended,215530,848112,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Paheej,"So Van Helsing doesn’t have a ton of character classes.  It’s not quite as variable as Diablo II.  However it has a better storyline, allows multiple builds of the main character, has cool defense missions, and all these elements combine to make a wonderful game that is a steal at $15.  It has co-op also in case you only play action RPGs in groups and is overall one of the best games I played in 2013."
76561198003035542,Recommended,215530,2148031,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,HUELITARD,"Le Diablo 3 killer, plus beau plus dur plus brain."
,Recommended,215530,12185464,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ynto,"Rating: 8/10This game definitely belongs to the better half of the hack'n'slash RPG out there and has probably the best kind of humor amongst them all. Gameplay is really nice and smooth, with various skill tree (tricks/actives/passives/auras...) and many side-quests, hovewer, it's pretty short in comparison to other similar pieces. You can extend your game experience by playing single scenarious or start neverending story mode (something like NG+). If you decide to buy this game, I would recommend to get the DLC's as well, since they really add some nice features which original game lacks (new skill tree for Katarina, and most importantly, two new classes - Thaumaturge and Arcane Mechanic)."
,Recommended,215530,11467891,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Paper Titan,"Despite a number of issues, this game is well enough. I purchased this game when it was on sale, so I don't have much to regret even if i didn't like it. The enemies are interesting, but eventually recolors. The lack of true screen control makes it hard to see enemies before you just run into them if you are headed south. The powers can be annoying to switch between, but a few interesting functionalities of 'set combos' and Rages save it; even though i never used either i can recognize its usefulness. All in all, i recommend this game for solo and multiplay for those who like top-down hack n' slash. Though, if you do not like the aesthetic of gothic victoria, then i recommend you just move onto torchlight. this game has ntohing to hold you."
76561198094711147,Recommended,215530,9561141,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,tombob14,"This is by far my favorite game I have EVER played on the PC!!  It has a very funny story, but still has depth to it. It is an action hack and slash. It is pure awesomeness. If you don't own this game, you should get it ASAP before the II comes out in April 2014. Buy this game now, don't think about it, just do it. NOW!!!!!!"
,Recommended,215530,9328100,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Treras,"I was surprised by this title. It is reasonably well put together and enjoyable with great quips from the characters as you meander through the world. The quests are reasonable, although standard and they have a few scattered in the world as well. It is a bit more static than other games of this nature (At least up to the point I played) and I don't find the classes particularly gripping. The melee combat oriented Hunter, particularly, seems wildly unbalanced compared to the fellow wandering around with a flamethrower and his eyes closed and the purple outfit of the mage class just makes it something I want to put away.  It is worth a play, but only really if you're a Van Helsing fan or a regular ARPG type fanatic."
,Recommended,215530,9324944,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Harlo,This is a solid Diablo-esque hack'n'slash game. Well worth the budget price. My only complaint is it falls victim to the Portal reference plague in the too late for a Portal reference world we live in. It's very misable so I'm not holding it against it too harshly. Surprisingly good humor otherwise going on in this one.
,Recommended,215530,9386432,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,shoukko,"This game is a ridiculous amount of fun. The graphics are nice, the soundtrack is really good, there is a lot of scope for customising your character with abilities and skills and there is some hysterical dialouge between characters. There are a few down-points; it can feel rather 'samey' with all the 'hack and slash' - though experimenting with the abilities can remedy this, and there are a few bugs, the most noticable one for me was when werewolf corpses kept following me around one particular map.Overall though this is a really charming game. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,215530,7843488,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Bio_Dio,"Very nice and fun, with a really awesome character development system (It reminds me of The Witcher)"
76561198045291203,Recommended,215530,7918487,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,ensignedwards,"Not very original, but a lot of fun. It's very much a Diablo clone, but it's far more polished and enjoyable than I would have expected. It's got a nice tongue-in-cheek sense of humor, fun if fairly mindless combat, a nice art style, and some fairly deep build customization options.For such a low price tag, you can't go wrong."
76561198126340168,Recommended,215530,9416097,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Homestar,"Who doesn't like slaying hundreds of monsters, picking up loot, and having 2 main characters pick on each other throughout your adventures? Definitely worth playing!"
76561197969744654,Recommended,215530,7829747,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Froshbyte,Fin Awsome!
76561198033532132,Recommended,215530,13950098,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Eccentric Inari,It is a very fun Diablo-style ARPG with lots of interesting mechanics and a lot of secrets hidden everywhere. It is surprisingly good and it surpassed my expectations. I would give it an 8/10 because it has some flaws which are to be expected in those type of games like dozens of powerful enemies ganking up on you or the feeling of not knowing what your doing. But at least it is a quite forgiving game in some respects which makes up for the little flaws.
76561198145713942,Recommended,215530,13528838,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,alicethehippie,"I really love this game. One playthrough takes about 21 hours if you don't rush and do all of the side quests. There are three character types to choose from. You get a ghost companion named Katarina who follows & destroys enemies with you. It is action packed, has a good plot. There is just mob after mob to get to where you need to go. I would compare it to FATE, except this has way better graphics. It also has pretty good variation in the mosters you battle. There are also side quests that add to the experience. It's different than most RPG's and honestly, especially if it's on sale, you just should try it out."
76561198012122849,Recommended,215530,8485289,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Principal Lewis,bang bang slash giant ♥♥♥♥♥♥s Blarg glarg 10/10
76561198029047155,Recommended,215530,8336431,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dratewka,"Super gierka, polecam!!!"
76561198112805842,Recommended,215530,21357950,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,PuddleJumper,Nice graphics and easy understande UI ..very enjoyable game play
,Recommended,215530,25277450,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Andy,great game to play alone and great voice actors10/10 would buy for friends
76561198077572270,Recommended,215530,20335713,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,MJStowe,Great Action RPG.
,Recommended,215530,19884737,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rob Jennings,"An action-packed steampunk adventure complete with an evil scientist at the end. Words cannot express how much fun I had with this game. Lady Katarina, Van Helsings ghostly sidekick, is one of the best traveling companions ever."
,Recommended,215530,16660567,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,noventikus,"Diablo 2 + LoD is my favourite game of all time. So far, only Titan Quest + Titan Quest IT and Torchlight 2 had came close to it. Not anymore. The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing has joined the team! Great job Neocore! Thank you!"
,Recommended,215530,11500627,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Stonerton,"Amazing ARPG, a bit short but well worth buying if you love ARPGs. The interaction between you and your companion is worth a play thru or alone. The only disappointment for me was when I finished it, but then I just played thru again."
,Recommended,215530,1478422,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Fye,An excellent diablo-esque game mixed with slavic folkore and late 19th century concepts of mysticism and mythology.
,Recommended,215530,1012358,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Gigabeard 'O' Callahan,"A surprising slick and decent ARPG, lotsa tasty skill trees and also surprisingly funny"
76561197972318971,Not Recommended,215530,14059046,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Steaksauce,"Van Helsing seemed like a pretty unoriginal but promising Diablo clone, but late in to the game tremendous technical issues caused constant CTDs (these are known issues - check the Steam discussions for proof of how common they are) and these literally prevented me from finishing the game. I couldn't have even if I'd wanted to. What's worse is that these are not new issues. These are known problems that the developer acknowledged but never bothered to fix.I will never buy another Neocore product again, not even on sale (which is how I purchased Van Helsing), and I do not wish their studio well. This needed major technical attention that it did not receive."
,Not Recommended,215530,18896248,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,tootpocalypse,"I've played allot of action rpgs titans quest, diablo series torchlight series, phantasy star online seriesthis game is kinda not that great it needs an overhaul of the skill system. Everything else is great the graphics the story, voice acting and the music. But I can't recommend because if you want to dominate you have to play with a set of skills that honestly suck bawls, if your melee class you have to put all your points on body because eventually your gonna get destroyed by the damage the enemies dish out for defence etc.. and so and so forth with other builds."
,Recommended,215530,9632190,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Jearbear,"This is a fun diablike that has some fairly interesting skills and ability combos that keep the game interesting the whole play through while leaving you still wanting to try another character or two before putting it back on the shelf. The most appealing thing about this game is certainly the humor and the atmosphere. Even during my second play through I was still laughing at the same comments, particuraly those of the sexy spectre Katarina. Music is also amazing. Would rate this game as a wooden block out of six. Would certainly play.Overall Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,215530,7933490,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Tyrantsbane,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing lives up to it's title. It is pretty incredible.The core system of the standard ARPG is there and is solid. The twists it adds (such as the combo) system are fluid and innovative. The three classes seem balanced and conform to specific role types. While the maps aren't randomized, mob placement generally is. Playing on Hard, the mob packs were huge and plentiful.The quest line and atmosphere is wonderful. Some of the character models, when viewed up close, are kinda ""meh"". This doesn't matter because the environment is BEAUTIFUL. A lot of work went into creating this world, and it shows. There aren't many music tracks (they are generally recycled through different areas) but they are good and help immerse you into the world. As far as length, it took me about 20 hours to clear the campaign on Hard mode.I won't deny, there are some bugs to be worked out (Neocore is working on a patch as of this review) but they are hardly game breaking. The fact that this game was created out of a small company is incredible. The dev team is active with the player base on their forums and you can tell they generally care.If you have an ARPG crave, or you are trying to forget about the last few ARPG disappointments, you HAVE to play this game."
,Recommended,215530,9355701,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,(TFG)Andy,"If you Like Diablo 3 , this game is fun like that ! Though you get a gun an sword! I think they also added 2 more a Mage an a Engineer/Mechanic build! which makes for replay value! GET IT WHILE ITS ON SALE !"
,Recommended,215530,8445687,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,DatonKallandor,"Probably one of the best Diablo-likes around. UI improvements in every area and several ways of control just because they could. Skill system several layers deep and innovative mouse-specific gameplay mechanics.DLC sadly practically mandatory, but apart from that an incredibly solid game."
76561197994563865,Recommended,215530,1549424,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,MidgetofDoom,"Great game, great price. Enough said."
76561198035782414,Recommended,215530,4345106,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Narvo,This is a very cool game. A strange mix between Diablo and Torchlight amd something that reminds me of old Lucas Arts games .
,Recommended,215530,14072380,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Jolly,"Usually I hate.....no...despise ARPG's but not this one.This game has beautiful graphics,a very fitting and atmospheric soundtrack and no lack of epic battles.As a bonus it allows you to slip into the shoes of the legendary Van Helsing and enjoy all the legendary...ness.....and  witty banter that comes with it."
76561198022254324,Recommended,215530,14011890,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,RoniX of Scandia,"Fun point and click with interessting places, story and characters"
76561197970733107,Recommended,215530,454060,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,AzmzA,"Great game, if you love Diablo III you will love this game."
,Recommended,215530,2475805,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Metals,"Van Helsing is an arpg fantasy game set in the not too distant past. You play as the son of Van Helsing and, like your father, you have a variety of spells, ranged weapons, and blade weapons at your disposal. The story isn’t great, but it’s also no worse than the stories in other arpgs. Van Helsing, the ghostly companion, and a few other notable characters have decent voice work, but the rest of the cast is plagued by lines likely composed by the programmers themselves. Most of the locations are graphically pleasing, but some appear slightly blurry (idk why???). The-game play is smooth and responsive; the enemies vary in aesthetics and behavior; and the progression system is elaborate and rewarding. Overall, the game at its core is great, but bugs, glitches, and oversights (see comment section) compound to drastically ravage the overall experience.The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing: 7.5 / 10.0"
76561197972729524,Recommended,215530,600716,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Perus_TC,"Only 12 hours of game play but,I fully enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,215530,1217496,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,+Gump,"I really was not expecting this to be so good. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Low-budget, but extremely well-designed. If you don't mind the lack of polish, it'll give you lots of fun. Well worth the $15, and there's more (free) DLC on the way."
,Recommended,215530,7736346,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Abigor,Nice game with a lot of achievments *_*
76561197978562885,Recommended,215530,8581791,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,What it do nephew,Отличная игра всем советую!
76561197982543417,Recommended,215530,7887516,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,OmegaDestroyer,"I picked this up a few weeks ago on sale and so far, have greatly enjoyed it.  It's an action rpg with surprisingly good character chemsitry and voice acting.  The interactions between the protagonist and his ghostly companion are well acted and entertaining.  The companion helps in combat, either through a ranged form, melee form, or passive form that grants you 10% damage resistance.The skill system (for the primary Hunter character) is divided into 4 parts.  Melee, Ranged, Tricks, and Auras.  Melee and Ranged are self-explanatory.  Tricks give you spells that don't require mana but have a timer, that range from healing, to cloning your ghost, to ramming through your enemies.  Auras grant you passive improvements to your character.  One aspect I really enjoy of the skill system is the ability to upgrade your ghostly companion.  You can spec her to have skills that passively benefit you (such as increased magic find or defense) or enhance her damage and survivabilty.Combat is a bit diferent in that you can enhance your skills with adrenaline.  Each skill offers 3 different side-grades that you can enhance your attack with all at once (e.g., +30% damage, +10% damage resistance, +10% length) or dump all of your adrenaline into one for maximum effect (e.g, +90% damage).  The combinations are interesting and even the early skills remain viable throughout the game.  Combat can be irratating because you are constantly being swarmed by gangs of monsters, so the focus tends to be more on crowd control than anything else.  As you progress through the story, some monsters are downright brutal and can kill you very quickly if you are not careful.The story is on par for the genre and the setting, while appropriately grim, isn't anything spectacular.  There are a few bugs here and there, so be forewarned.  At times, the game will hang, which can be really annoying.  Generally it clears up but I have had to force-quit on at least one occassion.With the vanilla pack, there is only the Hunter class.  While you can spec Van Helsing with all sorts of skills, if you want a pure magic based or technology based character, you will have to pay for them in separate DLC.Bottom line:  If you like action RPGS, you will like The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing.  It's not perfect, but I think it has enough charm to help it stand out in the crowd."
,Recommended,215530,8351303,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,J.Jensen,Incredible game at an incredible price!
,Recommended,215530,9868206,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Akira49,great game!
,Recommended,215530,7834952,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Fire Woven,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is an ARPG. It's a very good, entertaining ARPG. I've had plenty of fun with the game, especially once the online was fixed and I picked up the Thaumaturge. The DLC classes are a bit pricey, especially since they add a bit of much-needed diversity to the game, but the base content is by no means bad. Just a bit limited in your character options, especially for more than 2-3 people.The atmosphere and tone of the game is dark, but at the same time it's not. The dialouge is surprisingly entertaining, but not all that great. The back and forth with Katarina and the hunter is especially amusing. There are a few other humorous characters (like the priest in the village), but no one really THAT memorable.The combat is pretty standard fare for the genre, but it's not bad, or even bland. I'm not a Diablo 2 veteran or anything, so I can't really say for sure how ""done-to-death"" this whole system is, but I enjoyed it.IT""S a good game. If you like ARPGs, or want to try them, it's not a bad one to pick up. Especially if it's on sale. Like it is right now."
76561198036182436,Recommended,215530,7949529,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Surprise!,"Fun game, but I stuck on the Chapter 1 - The road to Borgova - Find your Way to the Mines quest.I came to the entrance of ""Ancient Inkgate"" and it seems to start the fight but bosses are doing nothing and can't be attacked at all!However there is a special thread on their forums for these ""broken quests"" quickfixes!http://forum.neocoregames.com/index.php?/topic/1754-fix-for-progression-errors/"
76561198020873718,Recommended,215530,8073631,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,grim_ster_76,Love the game play still playing like crazy .. Make more maps PLEASE!!!
76561198005090883,Recommended,215530,11163376,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Black Hound,"Slice up werewolves, then shoot the faces off frog demons. Fun. Appropriately challenging on normal difficulty. Don't try to start on hard (like this guy)! If you seek a challenging experience, start with normal and you'll find challenging enemies soon.It's well written. The voice acting feels right. Characters are interesting. Katarina, your ghostly battle-buddy, chimes in with witty comments or advice at the right times, and these feel welcome (no Navi syndrome here). There's plenty of humor to be found in NPCs. There are plenty of nods to folklore and even historical figures (e.g., Elizabeth Bathory).Graphics and animations look satisfying enough, as of Summer, 2014 standards. Really, nobody should expect triple A visuals from an indie title. It does come pretty close.This hack 'n slash dungeon crawler takes some old elements of the genre: health/mana potions, stat points and skill trees, hordes of enemies, ect., and adds a few new elements. Not too many, though. This is still a dungeon crawler lootfest. Fans of the genre will be pleased.As for shortcomings, I have thus far found minor ones. Few bugs. Pathfinding is a minor issue at times. There is only one class in the default game (2 more with DLCs). Granted, this one class has plenty of customization; you can build Van Helsing mostly how you'd like. You can also customize Katarina's skills and stats, allowing her to cover weaknesses in your build, or to prop up your strengths even further. However, there is no significant tutorial system except a handful of control blurbs. As for how to build your character, you have to figure that out. Thankfully, there are plenty of respeccing opportunities; just pay an NPC some gold."
76561197983190703,Recommended,215530,13692106,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,cioran,"Shockkingly good Diablo-esque action-RPG. This game came out of nowhere. I picked it up in some bundle. It's an action-RPG with some really excellent character and graphics design and tight gameplay with a variety of weaponry and loot. The twist this time is that you have an AI companion (with good AI, don't worry) that's a ghost that accompanies you, along with clever dialogue. The horror/supernatural/early modern setting is also a bit different. Good dialogue, good story, good game.If you like Diablo-style games, buy now."
76561198066936110,Recommended,215530,10244225,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Don Piton,"This game is good. I really enjoyed it. I did not come across any bugs or things that i don't like in general. Not everybody likes this type of game (I personaly don't), but i wanted to give this one a spin, because it look a bit better than Diablo 3 and other games of this genre. It has that strange authentic feel between fantasy and history, which in my opinion make it somewhat more likable. I have heard and read, that the multiplayer sucks, but that isn' t that important for me. I think it gives a nice experience when you play singleplayer.I found some parts that were pretty challenging. For instance, when there is this huge group of monsters charging at you. Now THAT is scary! (and hard to deal with)The graphics are not the best, but they surely are nice. The lighting effects are really nice and give you a good feeling when you are in the wilderness.Overall i give this game a 8/10. If you like this type of games, DO NOT miss out on this one.+ it's nice to blow monsters up into litlle pieces of meat. :3"
76561197993946994,Recommended,215530,10230901,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jibbajabba.gc,A lot of fun and very well made.  Great music.  A Diablo 2 clone but it sticks to the formula pretty well. The addition of your ghost companion is pretty cool as you can customize her and she can become fairly powerful on her own.
76561198062109860,Recommended,215530,25926211,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bringthethunder,I LOVE THIS GAME! Seriously I havent played in a few years because this didnt work well with windows 8 or 8.1 but I am hapy its back! :) If you like great soundtracks and diablo style dungeon diving and brawling this is the game for you! There are great easter eggs that will keep you exploring as the mystery in this game sucks you in. I highly recommend this one :)
76561198078044782,Recommended,215530,6874769,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,neoZatoichi,"If you want more from your regular hack-n-slash RPG than just... well, hack and slash monsters and demons; that is, if you also want some good story, beautiful looking landscapes, and a dense and unique atmosphere, then this one could be for you, since it possesses all these properties. But... who knows for sure? Maybe you want even more than that these days to be convinced, something new from an old genre. Let's see...Well...- How about a good - and we mean GOOD - soundtrack, that perfectly - and we mean PERFECTLY - matches with that said unique atmosphere? Yes?Check.- How about some really nice voice acting (most of the time, at least), with European accent and all? Ok? You know van Helsing's environment is Europe, right? You remember Bram Stocker? Without google, that is. I hope so.Ok, then, check.- How about some little puzzles with ancient, sacred pagan objects in the middle of some frightening bog, infested with demonic beasts trying to tear your hat - and your head inside it - mercilessly apart? How about fighting some blood-thirsty, hellish fiends that jump over you out of the blue, cause you're trying to retrieve some legendary, holy, long hidden relic? How about answering some riddles - yes, we said riddles - from enigmatic NPC's, to which a wrong answer could mean a quick, but no less painful death?Check those.- How about some funny moments that will put a smile on your foolish face: funny references to famous games, books, movies, and characters every now and then?Check this too.You want all that, don't you? Man, then this game is definitely for you! Just grab it now, cause it have it all, you fool!""Then it is perfect?"" you could ask. You know, no game is perfect.""So what's wrong with this one?"" Well... hum... let's see... Ah, yes! Some skills, mainly the melee ones, aren't flashy enough. Yes. That's it. They could be more flashy. Why not? Well, they are useful, they enhance your survivability, and they are fun to use and kill stuff with, but... not enough colourful lights onto the melee skills. The ranged skills are somewhat flashy, but the melee, not so much...Well...If that's not enough to keep you away from the game, then...But, to be fair, there's actually one more issue. Some people who played on easy or normal difficulty and rushed the main quest complained that the game is too short. They say 15 hours or so is too short. But... what game on easy or normal is not too short nowadays. After all, one one-shots almost anything stupid enough to cross one's way on those ""difficulties"". Our answer: stop playing on normal, you brainless cowards, and play games as they are supposed to be played! Your idiotic utterances do nothing but spread misinformation over the world of gaming!Just play The Incredible Adventures of van Helsing in no other difficulty than Heroic, which is the highest one, and you're on for a fantastic and rewarding adventure that will keep you busy for a good while.One more thing. Incredibly, this is an indie game, developed by some little known, small Hungarian group, and it's supposed to be the first part of a trilogy. So, give them your support for their making of this brilliant gem, if you like the game, and show them your interest in the subsequent ones."
,Recommended,215530,1440488,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,RaQin,"Van Helsing is an incredible indie achievment. From the start it has every thing an ARPG should have! The price is VERY nice, taking us back to real PC game pricing...this indie title is a MUST have for all of my friends!"
,Recommended,215530,8592206,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,=T$ECore= Powerkallo,"I like this game realy much, and I find it realy nice that finaly the health and mana are not on the FAR! siedes, like in most of these kind of games."
,Recommended,215530,18708070,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"It is a decent game, Diablo fans are sure to like this one. Maps are nicely polished, controls are smooth and there is a Casual option to learn on. It is a little to detailed for me, but that does not mean it deserves a thumbs down. I will play this overtime and build a better understanding of the development system, but i am impressed with the detail put into the game. If you have a slower system, you may have to lower some settings a bit. I do wish the in game text was a bit bigger but there's probably an option for that somewhere i haven't messed around with yet."
,Recommended,215530,8448057,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ivan (YearsLate),"There's not a lot to say about Van Helsing, either good or bad. Despite the pleasing graphics, witty banter and good voice acting, Van Helsing tends to meander on a bit. That said, it's not an especially long game, and the time-tested ARPG system of challenging combat balanced out with a need for loot that works for your given playstyle, makes Van Helsing reasonably addicting anyhow. A good game for its price, held back by its own mediocrity, lack of skill variety, and short length. Still a must play for ARPG fans who want something new."
76561198132163890,Recommended,215530,17678543,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,reaperville,"Finished the story in around 10 hours on Normal with the Tathurmage and also tried to play with the other classes a little bit.Gameplay is a hit and miss. Point is you have to just kill the enemies before they get close, doesn't get any deeper than that. Some skills are OP, most are completely useless. Katarina can't tank because I do all the aggro. Lack of enemy variety. Skills don't feel that they have much impact (read=no flashy audiovisuals)The atmosphere overall is good, though. I like the dialogue, music, and the environment, although don't expect anything close to AAA games' assets, but it's entertaining enough.I guess it's an okay game if you get it on a sale for around 2 dollariroos.Not a fan of ARPGs? Then don't waste your time."
,Recommended,215530,9279704,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Lastan,"The GoodSure, this game is YADC - yet another Diablo clone: you walk around, meet hordes of interesting monsters, and slay them. They drop loot and gold, you pick it up, and either wear it or sell it. A tried-and-true recipe with little to improve on.And yet... they managed. The ghost companion provides for rather amusing dialogue and banter, though her shopping spree quips do get old after a while. The setting is a classic, and well done, at that; the monsters are quite appropriate, and the Eastern-Slavic NPC's got at least a chuckle from me.The BadMaps are pretty much static; while loot drops are mostly random, the only thing that changes are the shrines - not their position, but only their conferred bonuses. It might not be a big deal, but a touch of variety wouldn't hurt.The UglyWithout the DLC's you only get a third of the game: one character out of three. And you still get loot drops for the characters you're missing. So if you're buying, take that into account: whatever the game price, add in the price of all the DLC's.This is not how DLC's should work, much as they often do."
,Recommended,215530,12324657,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,jpettifer,"Van Helsing started off as a very promising game.  I enjoyed the first third particularly as the side quests and various other things to find in the world kept the entertainment levels high.  The 2nd and 3rd chapters were less inspiring and the end boss was rather ordinaryPositives - the banter between Katrina and Van Helsing was worthwhile and entertaining.  There were lots of monsters to kill and the setting had atmosphereNegatives - the skill trees were a little lack luster and I lost patience with the loot.  I also found the combat to be hectic and not really engagingWorth a few dollars but I doubt whether I'd be playing through the game a second time.  That said, I'd probably buy the sequel at some point"
76561198030937135,Recommended,215530,7831692,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,rhino2719,Fun game.  Drama with DLC and puplisher pricing but solid entertainment value.
,Recommended,215530,8325799,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,knolty,"nice, well paced, fun, and adventurous :)"
,Recommended,215530,19322246,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Belmont ™,"Brass tacks: it's kind of a Diablo/Diablo II clone... HOWEVER!8/10 = read for why!This is one heck of a fun game. You'll get lost in the great storyline, and the relationships that Van Helsing creates and already has, plus the Ink realms are a hoot. Yeah, some hack and slash grinding, and you'll always be able to re-spec your layout, which I found myself doing a couple times until I was comfortable with my build.The music can get a little boring, the graphics are nice, and Spoiler-Free: your ghostly companion is a hoot.Recommended if on sale and/or looking for a fun Top-Down Diablo II Clone!"
76561198113247644,Recommended,215530,19404382,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Raon,"THIS GAME IMO:-incredible graphics. (For notebook or low spec pc, dont worry ! It can switch to dx9 or dx 11, and has very flexible graphics settings raging from very low to very high)-Voice acting feels like a movie.-Many, many geeky jokes. (you gotta find them by talking to some npcs, reading some stuff, or passing by some areas)-Katarina is funny as hell. (She is your companion)-You are a descendant from the Legendary Van hellsing the Monster Hunter.-The game has many hidden secret, side quests, voice acting, and lore to find.-You will feel badass progressing through the game and feel more powerful. (not like some other games i've played)-Quests aren't boring and most of them are fun/challeging)-the game is easy as hell on normal and easy settings, becomes normal on hard, and challenging on heroic(which is the one i recommend).-The lore of this game is addictive and hell creative.-Has some steam-punk features which is very well made and adapted to this game.-It is a little repetitive but no exausting.-Quest have multiple ending, so the outcome might be different based on your choice.Conclusion i would give this game a 9/10.The gameplay is very good, nice, smooth and envolving music, good voice acting, great quests, and satisfactory lore(excellent beggining and ending)."
76561198004803875,Recommended,215530,8895392,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,flowing_knight,"Overall solid game. Got a little bit repititve towards the end, but fun."
76561198023023259,Recommended,215530,8710722,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Wylde Rose,"If you like D2 or D3, if you are a Torchlight 1 or 2 fan, then The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing will fit right in.  It's enjoyable and I definitely like the banter between Van Helsing and companion.  The music is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,215530,34398162,Posted: 21 August,all,Brisket,"A high quality indie title. Even in 2017 this game impressed me, great graphics (text size adjustable for high resolution, I played at 2560x1440 without issues), nice sound and amusing voice acting with the vicar and Fulmigati being my favorites. This is quite a bargain price wise, with my first play-through totaling 21hrs there is lots of fun to be had here. Recommended game for any ARPG fans, buy it!"
76561198117463395,Recommended,215530,9495595,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kiddrock,"Great hack and slash type game definitely recommend it.Nice storyline, decent graphic, huge option of playstyle (can play with same character as mage,ranged dps,melee dps by changing talent tree).Big option between talent tree,auras,tricks, choice of game difficulty from 4 available,hardcore option in game,3 game modes (Story-Scenario-Endless story mode)And most important aspect multiplayer which provide a lot fun with your friends.Only minus of game is no customization of character when start game ,and pvp in game is not so good only 1 mode and no rewards connected to it. But overall its Great game"
76561198011912721,Not Recommended,215530,12699828,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ExplorerRowan,"Maybe I haven't played enough of it, but I haven't been all that impressed by it. It's well executed for what it is, but it feels a bit like someone took Diablo and slapped a steampunk skin on it. Since I've never actually been a fan of Diablo-style RPGs, it's not my cup of tea. Of course, since Diablo isn't my thing, either, this may well be a better execution of that style, I just don't know. Since it's not my taste, I don't think it's fair to give it a negative review.  It's very pretty, and the monsters and worldbuilding are very good, I just can't get into it.Edit 5/27/2015:I went and tried it out again, hoping that some time and different perspective would change my opinion. It didn't. I just can't get into it. A whole lot of it feels grimdark for the sake of grimdark, and there seems to be very little story other than ""genocide as many monsters as you can.""Overall, I'm just not impressed. Story is too shallow, too one-sided, and too focused on grimdark. It could stand to be a lot better. The mythology of Transylvania, the Carpathians, and the Caucasus is a lot deeper setting than this, and deserves a more thorough plot than ""kill everything that moves.""Also, why isn't there a female character option? Surely the progeny of the original Van Helsing could be either male or female and still kick plenty of monster butt.Also, I'm probably drunk while writing this edit. I feel that's just making me not pull any punches, but your mileage may vary."
76561198015927399,Recommended,215530,16895344,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Sanguinius Týr,"I adore this style of gaming and the fantasy theme calls to something within me. So when the game on sale I quickly clicked 'buy' and began my quest as a Van Helsing. So, what did I think (and still do as I have by no means completed it)?I FREAKING LOVE this game! The theme and back-drop to the game is spot on as you wade through hordes of all varieties of mythical monstrosities.  Graphically, the game delivers well and is pleasing to the eye. The voice acting for Van Helsing and Katarina (DLC) is superb. Really well done! The banter between them adds depth to their characters and is a real treat to hear. The musical score/sound effects are brilliant too and again adds to the immersion.Character customisation is varied and gives much choice to the three classes to choose from. Each gives a different way of combating the horrors that await.Loot... oh the loot. Much is to be gathered and acquired as one would expect from a game such as this. The game is fun to play, even more so with friends (or my dad in my case) but beware, the game (for me) can get addictive. I always feel I need to keep playing just to get that next item that will boost my DPS or to see what new enemies are lurking around the corner.For all its pros there are unfortunately some cons. Certain shrines cannot be activated, instead once clicked causes your character to wander trying to find it even though it's right in front of them, denying you an XP/DMG boost. With the Arcane Mechanic class (which I play and love burning monsters with) when I click over an enemy to attack, he wonders off, not knowing where it is. A pathing issue with this and the shrines I'm thinking.The worst issue (for me) is no matter how long I play for, be it five minutes or five hours, upon exiting the game my PC shows a CPU temperature warning. My PC is not old and boasts some high-end hardware so I was quite surprised when the message popped up. Never before have I seen such a message other than playing Skyrim (with mods and graphical enhancements) for almost an entire day straight, which is justified. These issues I have are not enough for me to stop playing, but it would be nice if they were resolved.9/10"
,Recommended,215530,7393096,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,『Lyh Flare』 - FΛLLΞИ,"Its odd, the first thing i felt when i started it was a feeling of diablo, the way youre just running around gathering mobs, just to turn around and spam a AoE button :) There is not too many flaws in this game. BUT they could have made the tips a little better :) I found my self looking for how to activate my abilities, and I just coulndt.. theres a number system right above your abilities, and so far of what ive learned thats how many times you stack it. TO get the stack ability you need rage, and how do you get rage you ask? well you use youre normal attack, be it use of sword or rifle.The game is really adictive to a certain point. it highly lacks of replayability, as once you killed a creature, it stays killed forever. Some might find it better and more fitting to the story and stuff. but say if you needed cash, or a little exp to survive in the next area, *buzz wrong sound* youre wrong.... The only way to proceed in certain scenarios like that, is trial and error, respec, try and die, respec, try and win. Thats one of the few flaws this game has. but overall really good looking, awesome single player aspects (Havent played online, so wont review that part)Overall rating for this game would be a 7/10"
,Recommended,215530,8352922,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Shadyfigures | Gamdom.com,first impressions of this game and I gotta say it's pretty cool. it has lots of move options and the scenery is awesome. I would recommend this game to all
,Recommended,215530,7755553,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Schakal,"Diablo-style isometric games seem to be enjoying a rennaissance since Torchlight and in spite (or maybe because) of how abysmally shallow Diablo 3 was. The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is another entrant in this category, but one that smartly does a few things differently than its contemporaries. I won't go as far as to say that it's necessarily better than my current fave, Torchlight 2, but it's DIFFERENT. And it does it well. If you've never played one of these, Torchlight (1 or 2) might be a better introduction, but for the money they're asking Van Helsing will do fine.Since I already made the Torchlight 2 comparison, I should stick with it. Gameplay is largely similar, but Van Helsing amps the utility of the companion character. This is a sharp-tongued ghost whose banter with Van Helsing brings in a smattering of levity in sometimes not so appropriate circumstances. While she has a bit less depth than the player character she brings her own skill trees, stats and gear to taylor her to your needs. Which is to say, for my heavy hitting ranged attacker I've specced her to be a 'tank', but she can set up for added damage or support as well. On top of that, Van Helsing has a set of aura skills which further refine the relationship between the two characters. This alone allows for a number of gameplay variety. Add to this a tower defense style subgame for even more fun and two DLC character classes for even more variety and you have a game that seldomly feels boring.But the real star to me is the setting of Van Helsing. Taking cues from the Hugh Jackman movie of the same name and not being afraid to reach deeply into a cliché vault, the game presents a turn of the century world full of fairy tale monsters, mythical beasts and mad scientists replete with clockwork soldiers and mutant troopers. As hinted at above the game often doesn't take itself too seriously and that is ultimately what makes the mixture work. While not as thought through as the backdrop of, say, Dishonored, it's a nice departure from the generic fantasy tropes you get in most any form of RPG to this day.The game is far from perfect, still plagued by bugs and balance issues and the way scenery fades out so as to not obstruct your view (or pops back in) can be pretty jarring. But for the price it's being sold at I find that perfectly acceptable. It's not like it's the 3rd part in an acclaimed series from a purported top studio that is a dumbed down version of its predecessor, it doesn't force you to be always online, has no attached con artistry like a cash auction house... you probably get the idea. For what it is, it's a rocking game."
,Recommended,215530,9789320,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Arcade,"6.5/10Mechanics are pretty much like in Diablo III, except you dont need to farm half a year. A bit more dynamic, a bit more casual.Graphics quality is not as good as in Diablo, but it looks well. I've found some mobs pretty awesome and scary.Anyway, not so many RPG games to play on Mac."
76561198071314377,Recommended,215530,16469460,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cvarkov Djordje,b
,Recommended,215530,932594,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,H. Harpoon,Its fun.You should buy it.
,Recommended,215530,5485780,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Nereler's Cat,"Okey guys. If you like RPG's (Diablo, Neverwinternights, Torchlight, Dragon Age...etc) this game is jsut for you. It has cool story line full of different interesting quests and jokes. And jokes are really funny. + amazing sound + amazing details + cool upgrade system and, of course its gameplay. I did this game on nightmare(or whatever last lvl says), and i got tonn of pleasure. It wasn't so easy to make some quests,but that is all the point - hard game means emotional game. For example one achievement about killing Igor's (don't worry,not a  spoiler) worth a lot. You are trying to kill another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s,while Igors try to kill you, that's unforgetable. Last time i was so happy after game'd ended - Dragon age 1-st (also nightmare)._______To summ up: buy it,feel it, listen to it. enjoy it"
,Recommended,215530,18956491,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,mythal,"One of the genre-defining (and even genre-breaking!) games of the ARPG!- TitanQuest (and now Grim Dawn)- Diablo (I and II, of course)- Path of Exile- Van Helsing(honorable mention for Torchlight II --- but its not nearly as good as these franchises)"
76561198005128610,Recommended,215530,25420054,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,the Winter Warlock,"Well what can I say about this game. It's fun, it's not that long thankfully because the game can get redundant pretty quickly, especially if you have Unlimited Spawn selected like I did the first time I tried and gave up. It was only after a couple of years I learnd about that option (didn't see it the first time in the options) so I went back to play it and I actually enjoyed it much better.This is what I would call a low impact game. For me, something to play to relax and not worry about multiplayer chaos like CS-GO.If you like Neverwinter Nights, it's something like the same style of gameplay. There is a lot to learn about the game but unfortunately I didn't encourage myself to learn the spells and tricks that the player can use in the game. I played straight up, in your face combat.The only thing that I found that was a bit out of character of Van Helsing is that you are not fighting many werewolves. There are not vampires and classic monsters that we all know and love, though the story is based on mechanical monsters aspect. The beginning of the game does give you that vampire hunter feeling, but it doesn't last long. Still, if you are looking for a game to pass the time, this would be good for you.As always, I recommend on buying it on a discount. $5 on a Winter sale I think I got it."
76561198010131593,Not Recommended,215530,9091861,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Deep Chris,"I struggled with my rating on this game. It's at once terrible and kind of addicting. The dialog straddles the line between downright bad and intentionally campy. It's tough to tell for sure whether they meant for it to be as bad as it was.As far as gameplay goes, it's a reasonable clone of Diablo mixed with some Torchlight. The lack of polish on the game was the deciding factor in giving it a Nay instead of Yay. Having the game simply end with no recognition that you've completed anything is tough to overlook. Add to that the MP crashing bugs and wonky key bindings and you have a take it/leave it game."
76561198106580696,Not Recommended,215530,8622360,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,jeansimongat,This game is awsome only if u want to play single player because multiplayer have REALLY BIG ISSUE
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,215530,21239996,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","A bit torn on reviewing this badly because while I played through the whole game and thought it was fun. It is an episodic A-rpg which I find really really lame. basically a good game if your just dipping your feet in action-rpg's but ultimately there are better choices in the genre. action-rpgs aren't games that you should complete then want to drop forever. If you want to play through the whole thing then your going to start shelling out tons of cash for something that should have been ONE complete game.overall, if your thinking about buying this. i would just do yourself a favor and pick up Grim Dawn or Torchlight 2 instead. even Diablo 3, which i don't like to support, would be a better choice."
,Not Recommended,215530,14197538,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,broadsword,"I like the game design, the setting and gameplay.Unfortunately it is unplayable in coop, it frequently crashes, mainly when using teleports in a coop game.Restarting a dungeon again and again because someone died, has to use the teleport and the game crashes (because this someone was the host) is no fun at all.In my opinion this game is unplayable in coop, I think there has been enough tim for bugfixing since May 2013!For me and my friends it was a waste of money.I think I will deinstall the game before even having seen the end (which is against my normal gaming habit)"
76561198037425823,Recommended,215530,7820363,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,OdiumTheologicum,"IAVH is a fun, solid game with a few problems that keeps it from rising above a 8/10.The Good:Now with 3 character classes, you are no longer stuck with one guy that does everything half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Classes are still rather plain being the melee, magic and ranged stereotypes. The skills the classes feature are mostly unique, with a small selection of them being repeats of skills other classes have.The perk system is fun and adds a unique feel to your character. Katarina the ghost WAS a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor addition. With all the patches and full dlc I feel she is actually worth putting into combat now. Having her tank damage and aggro for me has been rather effective, rather than before when she was dying in 5 hits while being built tanky. Loot drop rate is still really high, but the loot is much better and I find myself playing just to find the next drop. I've not used the glory system yet but it looks like a decent way to keep higher levels interested in their build.The Bad:Multiplayer community is tiny. You will rarely see more than 25 games during peak time, and as little as none during others. Rarely will the games be hosted in the US region. What this means is basically if you're in the US, you need friends to play this game with. Relying on random people from the internet is merely not enough. If you can get past the glaring lag, there's still many more issues that need to be addressed. As such, I can only recommend that if you pickup IAVH for the multiplayer, get your friends to do so as well, or don't get it at all. There are also technical problems with the graphical engine. Running IAVH on full settings produces BSOD extremely often. Although entirely capable of running the game maxed, I can't because of blue screens. Games released both before and after have no problem being maxed without technical problems. This is something that can be fixed, but there's no guarantee that it will be.Ultimately, I enjoy the game and I think you would too. If you must have multiplayer, but do not have any PC gaming buddies to play with, I'd pass over this one, random internet denizens will just not be enough."
,Recommended,215530,30154182,Posted: 24 February,all,zeik,"I wasn't expecting to play this game for a long time, let alone finish it, but man, i forgot how addictive is the hack 'n' slash genre.Didn't really pay attention to story.But.I really liked the fact that you cannot master all the skills and you gotta choose which work with you best.It has a lot of challenge. Also i liked that the crates that had loot, aren't highlighted if your cursor isn't upon them.Graphics are meh, but who cares.The only thing that striked me, is the movement, especially when i wanted to go high grounds like stairs etc., i had to hit the exact spot i wanted to go. Maybe it's only me,but it slowed me down..Overall, nice job."
,Recommended,215530,34130768,Posted: 9 August,all,Sham,"You click things, and they die.10\10✔ Great atmosphere!"
76561198011264726,Not Recommended,215530,20679330,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,macnaus,If you're a Mac user forget it!  Needs a hack to even start and there is seeming no effect of changing the video settings leeding to a grainy poor display.  Not very well ported.
,Not Recommended,215530,10760475,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,error,"I'm torn on this one....Great gameplay and quite decent graphics, but the voice acting was incredibly brutal. the female companion said and repeated the most idiotic things in an over the top and phoney accent that was quite transparent at times. She was the deciding factor in deleting this from my hard drive."
,Not Recommended,215530,10217634,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Evil Dave,Very bad optimized. To much enemies in screen for my taste. It looks like a cheap Diablo 2. My recomendation? DON'T BUY IT!. I recomend Titan Quest or Sacred :)
76561198035946000,Not Recommended,215530,31031032,Posted: 8 April,all,GolovA,"It's a good action RPG.Combats are dynamic, many have an epic feel to them.However, that's the entire game - good smasher with no depth or much thought put into it: run around, kill, loot, level up (rediculous max out at Level 25).  (Try Dragon Age: Origins for comparison or Divinity II, to feel what a good RPG should be).More research into and respect toward Slavic Lore, Culture, Tradition, Mythology, and Folklore would make this game seem like it was made by serious and dedicated people, and not like it was made by teenagers whipped by the publisher to get your money.By Kiddies for Kiddies.  Half-baked and anticlimatic."
,Not Recommended,215530,8350657,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,J005E,"Finally picked this up on steam sale. It took me a few hours to get it to launch. Turns out you just have to wait 2-3 minutes for it to load. The same is true for every load screen (changing zones, etc.).I played it for 20 minutes or so before quitting. The game is super buggy and has optimization issues. It runs like total crap on my computer, which runs D3 at +100 FPS).In short, you can probably skip this one."
,Not Recommended,215530,25802228,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Blue,"This game is a real bitter sweet one. It is both amazingly creative and the most lazy game ever.So lets play the sweet and bitter game. For everything good there is almost something equally bad about this game.This game has some REALLY cool monsters. If you have never seen Teslapunk before you are in for a fun suprise, however it is overshadowed by the excessive use of them and constant combat. I played on the middle difficulty and towards the end there are enemys that just take forever to put down, and they arnt even the ones that do good damage either so you end up kiting one enemy for almost a full minute even if you killed everything else.The Enviroments look amazing. Statues, monuments, temples and even the sewer level look very nice. However the plot makes it so you have to go back and do parts of the map over again to progress the story so you start to sigh as you do a level over again.The voice acting is very well done. The problem are the constant meme, references and pop culture get rather tiring cause you have heard them all before in something with a far better plot. Speaking of the plot the game starts out really interesting then kind of tapers off and then crashes and burns towards the end. I think the best way to describe this is the final boss.When you encounter him you have your confrontations something like this:""We finally have you! Why did you do all this?"" ""Why? Because I am evil! This is what I do. Your the good guy I am the bad guy."" Granted there are tons of 007 references and many other tropy things but that just sort of killed the illusion there had been a plot for me.Overall this game really has no replay value and I cant really say I would reccomend buying it because its just another Diablo style clone."
76561198082300511,Not Recommended,215530,8278201,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mysiaq,"allways crashing and freezing on os x, is there way to refund purchase?!"
,Recommended,215530,7761202,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,thenikus,"Fun and entertaining. As far as ARPGs go, this is one of the recommendable ones."
76561197972040936,Recommended,215530,7790424,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Major Magoo (rtd),"A charming little number, with humourous dialogues and good story lines.  Highly recommended especially for the first time would be adventurers.  Not tried the multiplayer mode yet, but see no reason why the quality or gamplay should only improve.A big thumbs up on this one, 9 out of 10.MM"
,Recommended,215530,10471931,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,PsYcHo,"(Do note I haven't played online) This game is great, plenty of loot, abilities, fun skills, controls and interface is solid, and game can be challenging at times. Before I go into what i didn't like and the final anwser i'll talk about all the positive things. They added variety to the game with the multiple classes and the extendtion for your companions skills, the areas look detailed and urges you to explore. You can build your character in multiple ways because of the way the skill tree is, so You have a melee section, ranged section, tricks and auras as you move further down the techtree it costs more to level the abilities which means you cant just get everything. You have to plan out what kind of character you want to make allowing you to be different from other players characters. This also adds to the replayability to try new combos.After you beat the game you can play 2 other modes that extend the lifespan of a single character, trying to make them the perfect hunter, by playing these gamemodes you get to find better loot and get points to further increase their stats. The max level is 30, I use to think this was bad but as I played it fit perfectly for the content available and with the glory point system in the other game modes you can still make them better.The puzzles and side quests are also a lot of fun since it keeps things interesting.The powerup abilities for your skills also adds depth to how you use your abilities.Now for some negetive points, once in awhile buildings got in my way from seeing what was happening (they wouldn't go transparent) though this was only in a few places it still should happen. Some of the enemy champions (elites) have unfair abilities, the wall is fine since you can shoot it, the drain is fine since you can run away from it, most of them are fine except for 2, grapple is annoying and unfair, it grabs you from so far away, cant be dodged (haven't seen it miss), it stuns you as it pulls you to them, they can all cast it sametime increasing the stun effect. It has gotten me killed on multiple accounts. the other is the skeleton hand that cages you, you have to attack the hand to break free however you cant move and it works the same way as the grapple, it doesn't miss (haven't seen it miss) but these are from my experience there might be a way.The lack of map variety, to what I see the maps are static, not randomized each time.The game has some strange difficulty spikes, one moment its simple and easy, next moment you are running spamming pots cause the mobs are no joke anymore but overall it doesn't happen often.If you accidently forget to complete a quest, the journal doesn't tell you which area the quest is for, so you have to do quite a bit of backtracking to find out which can be a pain.Loading screens, it's not that bad but it would be nice if it was faster, it intrupts the flow of the game.The music is good and the sound effects are pleasing. The graphics are great and the game runs very smooth. The variety of loot, enchanting, using essences, the dialogue, voice acting are all good. the game was lots of fun to play and got my monies worth.I give the game a 8.5/10 for being what its suppose to be, to offer some unique features and have a good pace. But for the lack of replayability because of repeating exactly what you did before and the loading screens with not that great backtracking method, no randomized maps and some inconsistency. It's worth buying and offers enough and some for what you pay for."
,Recommended,215530,7744287,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,zakaweb,Great fun wiht good character upgrades.  Controller support is good for those who prefer it. Worth the cost.
,Recommended,215530,8201471,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,PugiDuck,"A game ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing"" similar to diablo 3.Almost all reminds Diablo 3, the interface is similar, mobs also divided into ordinary,elite ... the impression is that the game is for the hunter by demons,but the game is good, if there are a couple of extra hours you can play :)"
,Recommended,215530,7814024,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,❤ milkkore 宇野昌磨,"I always loved the Diablo type of games but it's actually pretty hard to play any other of them after trying Van Helsing because the interface, controls and general comfort of this game are just so good that you'll always want to go back to Van Helsing when you play any similar Action RPG.Be aware 'tho, that it's a pretty much a single player game since the multiplayer part is very buggy. If you don't mind and just want to have some solo fun definitely pick it up when it's on sale! The dev is working on Van Helsing 2 which will let you import your Character from the first game and by then the multiplayer will hopefully work as well ;)"
76561198038975566,Recommended,215530,7811918,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Deathadder,Higly reccomend this game to the Hack and slash Diablo and tourchlight lovers I would give it a 7/10 personally.There are a few bugs here and there but I am sure they will be worked out soon.
76561198003182843,Recommended,215530,7746979,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Fenix,"This game surprised me. Its a simple hack and slash, with a unique skill system, built-in crafting and enchanting. An easy to follow story with a lot of fun side quests including its own version of a tower defense scenario.Gorgeous art, graphics and bloody physic-based combat; Van Hellsing is well worth the purchase if you haven't played a good dungeon crawler in awhile."
,Recommended,215530,7755074,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Minkshaman,"Surprisingly decent! Well worth the price, but unfortunatly a little glitchy with the controller"
,Recommended,215530,7744894,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,greywolf00,"Fun but very short (took me 12 hours). The entire experience is hand crafted meaning no mob respawns ensuring you're at the ""appropriate level"" at all times. I know some form of endgame has been added since I beat it but can't speak to the value. I wasn't inspired enough to play through it again due to limited character building options compared to something like Torchlight 2 (I assume DLC helps this but again, can't personally say)."
,Recommended,215530,7754881,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PavilionGT,"This is a must have, one of the best games I ever played, actully my favourite. At the beginning it might look ok, but once you get into it you are suprised at each corner, each mission and each fight, futhermore what makes this game even more beautiful is the glourious killing spree and the blood mess you do after each battle; wavws of never ending enemies, challenging boss fightes and intriguing stories and to not forget you beautiful and at the same time killer companion who will give you a good time.To conclude this is a game that I personaly advices you to try, come on there' s even a demo what coud you ask more, but seriously just play it and you will be suprised how much you will love this game.Trust me..."
76561197982820187,Recommended,215530,7763146,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,michaelmerlin,"A supriseingly good action RPG with a setting distinct from most fantasy games with steampunk mixed with mythology barrowed from Universal monster movies and eastern Europe. Fast pace with huge groups of well animinated and imagiative monsters. Somewhat like Diablo 2 in it's loot system. Character building is deep and flexable though not every ability feels equally useful. The addition of a follower that can sell unneeded items for you and buy healing potions is nice without being new, though the flexbility offered by the ghostly companion is nice. Tower-defense like sections break things up nicely and don't overstay their welcome."
,Recommended,215530,7774603,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Karthas,"Van Helsing is definately not a game without flaws, but for the most part they all seem to have counterpoints.  The lack of meaningful character customization is off-set by the tightly focused story-driven nature of the game.  The static maps kill replayability a bit, but also allow for better designed set pieces.The skill system is a shallow ocean- giving the illusion of depth but in order to be viable you really need to pick a set of a couple skills and pour all your points into them. I can't speak for the ranged tree as I primarily played melee, your choices are somewhat limited given the crazy mob density that this game throws at you- which, don't get me wrong, was definately a positive- but it means that you need abilities that will kill a lot of guys at once in order to keep from being overwhelmed or whittling guys down at a choke point one at a time for hours on end. Then, while you're doing that you realize you could just be Earthquaking all the guys in a row and be done 10 times quicker.In short, Van Helsing is worth the price of admission, especially if you can catch it on sale.  It's a fun, short romp that does what it advertises, just don't expect a Diablo/Torchlight/Path of Exile killer."
,Recommended,215530,246212,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Bats,"Very pleasant surprise. A single player focused action rpg with a nice sense of humor and a fun take on the old Van Helsing mythos.  Lots of fun to be had for a humble price. Tons of enemies, and they explode so well. Good perks, skills etc and some good options. I can't stop clicking. Will be picking up the DLC to re-try this game with some different skills. It's one of those games that when it's over, you don't want to stop."
,Recommended,215530,17021034,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,mr.Catfish,"the good: gothic RPG, dark atmosphere, nice dialogue between Van Helsing and Katarinathe bad: no tutorial for new players who finds it difficult"
76561198009707793,Recommended,215530,25610944,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Wscieklykombajn,"Enjoyed it a lot,nice gameplay and well developed characters.worth buying"
,Recommended,215530,9445088,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Obi-Wan Shinobi,GG WP.
,Recommended,215530,19349088,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Roopoo,"I poked a guy and he screamed.What's not to like?Top-Down hack'n'slash. Atmospheric, unique character bonus.Actually pretty funny in places, unusual to find in this genre.I FEEL like a badass. That's the most important part."
,Not Recommended,215530,10181702,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kriegen,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing played like any other hack and slash game on the market.  Really nothing new about it.  The game play and progression trees are both just fine.  The story was fairly interesting but again nothing really remarkable.  I enjoyed my first few hours of gameplay but became somewhat bored with the game and set it aside for awhile.  Recently I returned to the game in the hopes of finishing the story and being able to get a full impression of it.  Alas, it was not to be...This game quickly shows it's true colors if you visit the forums for the game.  Many of the quests are broken and need to be reset using console commands to complete them.  This is just lazy on the part of the Dev. team who created a sequel and couldn't be bothered to fix the first one.  You'll also find many people have had problems getting the game to even launch...anyway from my personal experience the game will no longer resume story when I click ""resume story"" just a wonderful crash to desktop.  After spending a few hours verifying the game cache on steam and even going as far as reinstalling the game and following all steps mentioned on the forums to fix the game.  I discovered that my save file was corrupted.  I can start a new character but at this point I'm far to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and dissapointed in the developer for not fixing all the bugs to the original game before making a sequel that will probably be just as bug ridden.Bottom Line__________________ AVOID THIS GAME.  There are numerous hack & slash games on the market that are far better so don't bother with this game it will just dissapoint and frustrate you.  It's quite unfortunate because I really wanted to like this game and was even planning on getting the sequel after finishing the first.  I doubt that will happen now."
76561198007799026,Recommended,215530,2467793,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Jason13,unreal game. lots of Steam Achievements to collect 10 out of 10
,Recommended,215530,9485988,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Washed up CSGO fairytale.,Awesome possum
,Recommended,215530,1588419,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,𝕱𝖊𝖓𝖗𝖎𝖟,"Great title...give it a try,you will not regret!"
,Recommended,215530,7748104,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Marcelloz071,"The Incredible Adventures of Van HelsingRating: 7 / 10Fun Action-RPG in a nice and detailed steam-punk world. Maps are a bit big and pre-filled which makes the pace a bit slow as you cannot 'run' though these levels. Lots of interesting loot, lots of upgrade options for skills and abilities. Halfway an interesting twist as you have to defend and expand your hideout in a tower-defence like way.Shops could be better and the gameplay is a bit too linear for my taste. Still a big thumbs up for giving me a great time.(Not finished yet)"
,Recommended,215530,25352140,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Snowmind,"Having finished Van Helsing in Heroic Hardcore with melee orientated setup, I can only say that it has been a worthy and enjoyable fill to my Diablo 2 addiction. The Blue Blood DLC helped a lot to clear up later levels which previously I found too hard (completed it by only reaching lvl28). Single playthrough took about 35 hours completing about 75% of achievements (could have been higher but gave up on achievements after aiming for the ""But they are so cute! one by not killing any Igors at all, until the very end when one died by accident having forgotten to switch Katarina to ethereal). Enjoyed the good graphics, very funny dialogue and a lot of action. My only disapointment was the let down felt once completed, with only a 30sec cinematic ending the game.TL;DR: I would highly recommend ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing"" to anyone that is a fan of Diablo 2 type of games or anyone looking for an action/ hack and slash rpg adventure."
,Recommended,215530,13299757,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,rnzr,"Reminds me of the first ''Dungeon Siege'', pretty good game."
,Recommended,215530,20100496,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hitt.william,"This was a nice co-op action RPG.  It is easy to see that these environments were crafted with care.  I enjoyed the skill trees, the humor, and the different types of enemies faced.  However, there were a few technical issues."
76561197970511784,Not Recommended,215530,9613868,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Lord_Bigg_Butt,This game was fun for the first few levels. Then it turned into just another buton masher that does nothing but throw endless hordes of monsters at you with little story line to keep you interested. I paid  $5 for this game and felt like i wasted my time. I just finished half of the game and ended up uninstalling from my computer.
76561198008955754,Not Recommended,215530,7841818,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hart,"Great game, Good feeling, Just like Diablo 2 just with steriods.However I wouldn't get the game cause of all the reported problems and the Developers do not pay attention to their player base. So right now with the Steam sale November 2013 the multiplayer isn't working. It's ok to say the game wasn't built for the use of multiplayer but annoucing that there is a function for it and then later dropping all forms of support for it really shows that the Developers are not supporting 2 things and that's the players or thier games they produce.Recommendation; Don't buy this game for multiplayer it isn't stable and people say they get disconnected from time to time. (Fixed)Other than that single player is quite fun however some glitches and some performance issues have been reported so watch out.My personal rating for the game is 7.0 being quite good. (Reviewed)"
76561198063185839,Recommended,215530,15922602,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,OMG !!!!!!
,Recommended,215530,5861460,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Cybern3tic D0ll,If you love action RPG games like Diablo and Torchlight as well as gothic/steampunk settings infused with Eastern European mythology and games with a storyline filled with amusing dialogue then I highly recommend you play this!~
76561198043136655,Recommended,215530,9349182,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,pjb6k,"Solid Action RPG with a lot of heart & wit.Pros:  Atmospheric, enthrallling art direction.    Banter between Van Helsing & his Wraith companion is snappy & lively.    Dialogue for other NPCs is also stellar.   Animations are spiffy.    Creature design is spot on.    Varied levels keep the gameplay fresh.     The Dev tried a lot of different things & succeeded for the most part.Cons:   Ending is a little disjointed.    Closing cinematic & on screen action don't exactly jive.    Crafting system isn't well explained.     Still, it's quite entertaining taken as a whole.Bring on the Sequel!!!"
76561198023571902,Recommended,215530,7792037,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Vviki,"This game is amazing. On the scale of bad-ok-good-great-diablo 2 it's near Diablo 2. It has an interesting steampunk setting, where magic is at war with science and most monsters from mythology make their way in to be shot, burned, blown up or carved. You can dual wield pistols and one handed weapons, there are two handed swords and rifles, magic and gadgets (from the dlc, two new clases.). The game looks very nice given that it isn't an AAA produciton and the voice acting and interactions of the two mains, Van Helsing and his ghost lady Katarina is very pleasant. The game has a bit of short commings in some combat situations and is a bit low on places to go and quests to do, but it's an indie title, so that is kind of expected. For it's price it delivers a lot. I strongly recommend it to people who like hack and slash RPGs a la Diablo 2."
,Recommended,215530,7788583,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SunWarden,"awesum,great coop game"
,Recommended,215530,8035557,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,PerfectXtreme,"Enjoyable action RPG with many of the same features you would find in Diablo style games.  If you're looking for a good single player story, character customization options, and all around monster slaughtering goodness then this won't disappoint.I suggest getting the full pack that includes all of the DLC as it opens up a number of new classes, features for all of the classes, some new quests/areas, and equipment.If you've enjoyed Diablo, Diablo 2, Diablo 3, Path of Exile, or any of the other similar ARPG's this is a good one for you!Note, this is not a strong multiplayer game or something you can expect to invest a lot of time into.  You'll enjoy the story, level a character or two, and then be done with it forever."
,Recommended,215530,2326741,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Velimirius,"Awesome game, worth the money!"
76561198012309675,Not Recommended,215530,9244885,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ULTRA REAPER 9000,"Biggest waste of money of mi life.can't play the coop mode with a friend,can't join an online game,it crashes,i play diablo so good and this game (that seems to have fewer requirements),works so bad.Everytime crashes or don't work correctly when trying to play online.Since december 2013 they had this problem and they just don't fixed it.DON'T BUY THIS,IT's WASTE OF MONEY.It is a hoax"
,Recommended,215530,7840111,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,NukaPooka,"Love this game, Great Story line and amazing fun :D"
,Recommended,215530,8468664,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cartof,"Awesome Diablo clone, nice atmospheric music, super strong abilities, skills and perks system, nice companion !Diablo3, Torchlight2 and T.I.A.o.V.H. are the best games !"
,Recommended,215530,5056610,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"This game is incredibly fun. I'd say the closest game style wise and visually to compare it with would be Torchlight. However, Van Helsing has far more options in battle, and a bit of a deeper inventory system as well. The lootfest is definitely present, and the action is pretty much non-stop. The story is pretty well developed even though, as is often the case, it is sparse when compared to the outstanding gameplay. The levelling system is well balanced and requires a bit of thought.Graphically, I find this game to be a nice blend of the lush TL style with some better defined avatars. There are also nods to many movies in the game, most notably the Holy Grail and LOTR. You will find some Easter eggs along the way, which add a little levity to the game. Although the character interactions tend to be on the fun, sarcastic side, the story itself is somewhat dark, making it a nice blend of intensity and humor.For me, this game really hit the spot. An ARPG that really gets it right. If you are a fan of the game genre, this is a must play. Even if you arent, you should give it a shot. It's really that much fun!"
,Recommended,215530,10154318,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Aireanna,"LOVE this game. Can't wait for the sequel in a few days. Haven't finished it, but that was hardware issues, not game related. Re-Downloading to show to my Dad. ^^ If in doubt, just buy it, there are far worse, more expensive games to squander money on. :/ But, just have an open mind for this one. The theme is dark, and interesting. ^^"
,Recommended,215530,19438428,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dimis Sniaf ™,Very Good Game
76561197967976390,Recommended,215530,8313236,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ILive...AGAIN,If you're not gay you will get this game. Better than D3. Even better than PoE which is hard to do.
,Not Recommended,215530,30863248,Posted: 31 March,all,BladeBaT,"I'm very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about this game.1) Bugs and crashes are your worst enemies.2) Controller or keyboard, choose wisely because the UI change drastically (need restart of the game)"
76561198021537377,Not Recommended,215530,21970382,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,"Stardac, Deadeye","I'd like to say in advance, I LOVE Steampunk games, I LOVE Hack 'n Slash, but most of all, I LOVE Van Helsing.This game is, in many ways, a fantastic one. The behavioral settings on Lady Katarina are interesting and helpful, the loot system is ok, the music and environment are great, and the voice acting is one of the best in Indie gaming history. The Drawback, however, is in the actual ""Hack 'n Slash"" part. This games Combat is HORRIBLE. and the reasons are that, one, you hold still and sit there everytime you attack which is annoying for ranged players and downright punishing for melee players. The other problem with combat is the fact that the game attacks your targets for you, meaning I, a ranged player, cannot chose which guy I'm gunna shoot at. Instead the game is gunna make me shoot the wolf instead of the wolf handler, or the boss. So I don't get to chose my targets which hurt melee players even more, because, unless they are lucky, can't Dps the highest damage monster and are forced to sit there and take hits from all the guys while they are stuck hit that Fricking wolf that deals no damage whatsoever. So those are the problems with combat. Other problems include the lack of tutorial on how the inventory and level ups and as well as specail attacks work. It wasn't a glaring problem since I am a Dark Souls player and don't need my hand held, but it took me a frustrating 10 Mins to figure out how to equip better gear. My final qualm is this. Why do I need to set what percentage of health Katarina needs to be at before she is allowed to drink a health potion? Just... why? At first I didn't know what it was so I set it to the max and then gave Katarina some health potions. We get into a fight and she downed all five health potions like they were tick-tacks. She then was complaining about her lack of Health potions and i replied ""Sweetheart, you drank those last five health potions at the speed of light. I'm not gunna give you anymore.""So that sums up why a am not going to recommend this game. As much is I like it and had fun, the glaringly painful combat ruined what could have been a really great tribute to Steampunk Hack 'n Slashes."
,Not Recommended,215530,8843360,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"This is a very mediocre ""Diablo"" like game.  It borrows mechanics from many games and does them all poorly.  Leveling up isn't very interesting because all your skills ramp down so quickly.  For example, skill point 1 gets you +5% damage (meh).  Point 2 brings it to 7.5%, point 3 bring it to 8.5%, etc...  All skills work like this, so by the time you are level 20 or so, you have all the skills you want and leveling up just seems pointless.The combat isn't interesing either.  You can buff your powers by spending ""rage"" which you generate while fighting. Yet the same thing applies and the effects arn't worth the effort.There are better games out there.   Titian Quest Gold,  Torchlight 1 and 2, and most certainly Diablo 3."
,Recommended,215530,7875824,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Castiel,Finally found a more than worthy successor to Torchlight 2!
76561198011089970,Not Recommended,215530,7856291,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,bastionado,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME IF YOU ARE PLANNING ON PLAYING CO-OP. The networking in this game is 100% busted- cant connect even when on the same LAN in the same room. Judging from the forums this issue is commonplace and has existed since launch- and yet remains unfixed . If I could ask for My money back I would because this game simply does not work as advertised.
76561198065677592,Recommended,215530,30519798,Posted: 14 March,all,The Sign AKA Losinal AKA Bob,A ghost was making fun of me for picking flowers.10/10.
,Recommended,215530,31189672,Posted: 16 April,all,ZAGE ツ,It's a very fun and good game but thaumaturge blizzard is too strong and there are way too many Igors. :)
76561198016882905,Not Recommended,215530,9355047,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Gaudion,"The game is a moderately amusing Diablo-style single-player romp through a ruchly stylized world filled with entertaining characters.However, the amount and magnitude of bugs in the game renders it anywhere from frustrating to completely unplayable, and for every bug they fix, two more seem to take its place. This is the biggest reason that I really can not bring myself to recommend this game to anyone, even on sale."
,Recommended,215530,4070208,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,H0R1Z0N7,"Really WELL MADE hack n' slash. I can recommend it to everyone that like the genre.  It's fun! Easy to play and hard to master at higher difficulties. Nice new concept on skill combos with the ""Rage"" thing.Congratz to the developers :)"
,Not Recommended,215530,1934153,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,eXcruciate,A very generic low budget game. It was fun for a while but it just throws instant death difficulty spikes in your face later in the game. Enemies hit so hard all of a sudden there is no escape from dying in a couple seconds. Makes me thankful I own Diablo 3 but ultimately isometric games just get way too repetitive no matter what they are.5/10
76561198028439803,Recommended,215530,7851885,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Phillip J. Fry,This GAme kicks Diablos♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
76561198034430527,Not Recommended,215530,7857357,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Descri,"This game is full of bugs and glitches, for example on the second main map, where a boss fight is supposed to happen to unlock the second portal of that map, the game freezes the bosses and does not allow you to hurt them when clearly it was meant to be a fight. I really do hope this gets the patchwork it needs to be a good game, otherwise just another game to put into the bleh bin."
,Recommended,215530,7846104,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,von killah,hunting
76561198089916178,Recommended,215530,8284360,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Papa,"Me gusto mucho, tiene historia y lo que mas me gusto es que tenga comedia, las conversaciones que tiene van helsing y katarina son muy comicas y eso le levanta mucho al juego. Tambien el modo de juego es facil y divertido."
,Recommended,215530,7851925,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,-=JeP=-,1 of the best RPG game..worth to buy it ^^
,Recommended,215530,21981400,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Gwinda,"The game is fun, but not that much of a challenge in normal mode. I topped the Max level of 30 before I reached the end scene. There is a ""crafting"" system letting you upgrade weapons and armours with powerful attributes.The environments (maps) are beautiful but not seamless. You use portals to enter/exit each map.I kept my weapons and armour updated and maxed out my primary weapon skills as early as possible and played it through in 20 hours. The campaign wasn't that much of a challenge and the supposed anti climax when defeating the last boss was more like ""what, was this all?""However, after playing the full campaign, a new mode is unlocked that gives more hardcore gaming.Overall, it gave me 20 hours of game play and after the campaign, you get bigger challenges."
,Recommended,215530,9728631,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Larania,"Get this game with a friend, you will not regret that decision"
76561197994243856,Recommended,215530,9383127,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Bloodrage666,"Good game, loads of builds, easily rebuild your character. Quest actions have different rewards, voice acting on all NPCs. Beats Diablo 3"
76561197971886249,Not Recommended,215530,31058569,Posted: 10 April,all,Oltex,Play Grim Dawn. It's superior in every way.
,Not Recommended,215530,23781759,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr Jackpots,"This actually looked like a pretty cool game, but co-op mode just didn't work. Half of the time I couldn't even find my friend's game, and when I did, I just couldn't connect to his server. After searching online I've seen a lot more people have been having the same issue for at least 2 years, and no solution has been given by the devs."
,Not Recommended,215530,7888926,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mjollner,"SNAPSHOTAn uninspired Diablo clone that does more wrong than it does right. I wish I had more to say here.OVERALL - 4.5 / 10PROS+ art is actually pretty goodCONS- extremely clunky movement / combat- ability point buy / upgrade system is extremely boring and lackluster- story and dialogue are cringe-worthy- lots of loading- $4 DLC single talent treesDETAILSWhile I really wanted to like this game, overall it just falls flat in all regards. From the beginning, Van Helsing has been fraught with bugs and a lack of anything going right. To start, multiplayer was completely inaccessible for the first 6-7 months after release, and many quests were bugged such that they could not be completed. Releasing an extremely buggy game: strike #1.Supposedly a lot of bugs have been fixed in the past 6 months, but this game was purchased specifically to play multiplayer at release and months went by with other (seemingly less important) bugs being fixed, and multiplayer is still not one of them. I have seen multiple instances of it being marked ""fixed"" in patch notes, only to find it is still as buggy as ever. Even without multiplayer, there are still a LOT of bugs that are easily found that stick out like sore thumbs. On top of this fact, DLC was apparently being worked on for the game starting after it was released, using vital manpower that should have been used to fix bugs to instead leave people that bought the game out in the cold. Focusing on future profits instead of fixing buggy products for current customers: strike #2.Turns out that all of the DLC (at this writing) just adds single talent trees to Van Helsing or the companion, Katarina, for a ""measly"" price of $4. Not only that, but items in the game drop that require the DLC, WITHOUT HAVING PURCHASED THE DLC. Thinking your customers are chumps with bags of money lying around: strike #3.Ranting aside, I can get past my personal issues with the motives of developers if the game is good, but I have to rack my brain for a while to just think of something nice to say. For a Diablo clone, it has about 1/10th of the content and customization of other games: there are no classes to choose from, the default talent trees (all 2 of them, one is a melee tree, the other is a ranged tree) are not viable to split putting points into unless you're playing on Easy difficulty, and each talent tree only has 8 abilities, of which you'll actually only use 3 or 4. There is no real diversity in any of the trees, either, especially since most of the abilities and upgrades are just terrible. The overall impression is that someone put way too much time and effort into making sure no single ability was powerful, even with upgrades, causing the entire combat experience to be extremely diluded. Given that Diablo clones are all about fun combat mechanics and getting loot, that should be enough to stay far away from this game. If that's your thing, though, feel free to keep reading.The gameplay of fighting enemies is in itself a chore: any ability that has any real power to it has a long cooldown, meaning that you'll spend most of your time using a basic attack that has no real flair to it. Combine that with the fact that Van Helsing's movements cause him to spend way too much time standing still when actually fighting and you have a game reminiscent of the time when ATARI made consoles and not just games. What's worse is that the clunkiness could potentially be overlooked if the abilities the player used actually looked good when fighting, but for the most part combat VFX are almost non-existent. Player abilities don’t really stand out from the rest of the world, and are so short lived that the player might wonder if they cast an ability at all. There are very few noticeable VFX from enemies, as well, and if they didn't actually have physical attack animations then I wouldn't even be sure they were attacking. A lot of times the player just seems to take damage when enemies are around, but because you fight almost everything in the game you just know to expect it.Although gameplay isn't everything, Van Helsing doesn't have much more to stand on. The dialogue between Van Helsing and his companion Katarina are terribly hokey and feels forced at all points. The art in the game is actually pretty good, but for the most part it’s all just static environments and doesn’t really engage the player at all, making it loses a lot of the potential it had at really being a “wow” moment. Because of this, some of the environments are actually very distracting and can be annoying to try and find things in, especially if there are quest-related objectives. Sound is never really my thing in games, and Van Helsing does nothing to change that. It is mostly just… there, although the constant dialogue / noises from friends and foes alike detract from whatever potential it had.I think that covers everything, hopefully it gives people a good look at what this game is actually all about. I, for one, will hopefully not be making the same mistake twice with this company, the lackluster game and their focus on money over content has left an extremely bad taste in my mouth."
76561198143087210,Not Recommended,215530,30725297,Posted: 25 March,all,Yojimbo,"The game is all right, but it doesn't do anything new. Feels like a cheap version of TL2, which in turn feels like a cheap version of D2.Maybe I just picked the wrong class playing as a hunter, but combat was extremely boring. Every monster felt identical since the best way to beat them was to fire, back away. Fire, back away. From smallest rat all the way up to the final boss, that was how I killed the 11'533 monsters I had to get through to complete the game. Quantity over quality, is the name of the game here.And the worst part is that gear, skills and stats don't matter, because everything just scales. You'll never be exited about finding a new item or gaining a level.I played it through to the end because I wanted to know how it ended, but it wasn't worth it. There really isn't any story, and the combat just isn't fun.5/10."
76561197998557559,Not Recommended,215530,7823103,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Bacontron,"okay here is the deal. Van helsing is proberly the worst of the diablo games that are out atm. The late game is very broken since mobs do huge amount of dmg and you can only use range weapens for that reason. The last few hours of this already short game, is a grind where nothing new really happends and where you just go around kiting all the time. My advice? Go buy Torchlight 2 or even Diablo 3 Reaper of souls, they are both much better and have many times more play time in them. (Btw your companion Katarina... she is really just more of a totem most of the game since she dies so quickly to anything past the 2nd act.Dont buy it, there are so many better dungeon crawlers out there."
,Recommended,215530,1399955,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Killer Rabbit,"I have enjoyed playing this game more than Torchlight II and Diablo 3.  The story is decent, but the it's the overall theme and environment that does it for me.  Then there's Katarina!  I love her character."
,Recommended,215530,9354980,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Shootergod(GM),"The game is really entitled to incredible and it worth every single cents of the money I've spent because it has great story line,great characters and stunning graphics. Highly recommended! Cheers! :)"
76561197970878672,Not Recommended,215530,7812451,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cowboy_Feng,"At this point, the game, while fun while it runs, is badly bugged with multiple quests not completing without workarounds. Presently I am stuck and unable to continue due to a well known and not fixed ""Defend the Lair"" bug. I can not recommend the game at this time. It's a shame, because the core mechanics are enjoyable.It's also incomprehensively large at 22 GB as a download for a ARPG."
76561198068823600,Not Recommended,215530,7814849,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pearlz B4 Swine,"Long story short, i found this game boring, it does not give much freedom with character development as i would like and the combat was dry. Don't waste your money when you could be playing Path of Exile for free... which is a way better game anyways."
,Recommended,215530,13979789,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Deltatech,"Decent graphics,A lot of options and upgrades.Skills are coolIntro cutscene seemed unfinished.The Combat system is a little boring at low levelI bought it in a bundle and am o.k. with the purchase."
,Not Recommended,215530,17327338,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,leXith,"A standard top down RPG with some things different here and there.From what I've played of it, the normal difficulty is more like ""very hard"" and the easy is more like ""here, take this fancy loot and one shot these bad guys"".And thats just within the first hour of gameplay (between the two respective difficulty levels).  I don't mind a challenge.  On most games I go out of my way to pick the harder difficulty so that I don't fly through them.  But with this game, I've no choice.  The standard difficulty is so damn hard that I find it unplayable (and yes, unplayable within the first 30 mins!).People have had a lot of good to say about this game, so I won't judge just yet.  But the difficulty settings so far have me yearning for something in between a normal setting that rips you appart for not playing like a pro, and an easy difficulty that treats you as a fool.So far from what I've gathered, I'd rather spend my time playing Diablo 3 or Torchlight 2."
76561197997991822,Not Recommended,215530,8125509,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Malakite,"Buy if you like buggy games with developers who care about $$$, not customer satisfaction.  Thanks for once again not putting the DLC on sale but putting the base game cheaper."
76561198022592803,Not Recommended,215530,15977743,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,AleX,"Game is not balanced, game mechanic does not allow you to survive agains large group of enemiesGame engine not optimised for MAC, a lot of lagsAI logic so dumbQuests so boringVan Helsing's lady ABSOLUTELY useless in fights"
,Not Recommended,215530,7843776,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,mipper,"This game feels unfinished and lacks some atmosphere. The voice acting is meant well but sounds pretty cheap. It get's boring after minutes of gameplay. The Ui and skills are clumsy to use. The difficulty level is quiet unbalanced. You kill hordes of monsters without a problem and suddenly you are dead, because there was a normal looking monster in the crowd that kills you in 2-3 strikes."
,Recommended,215530,9843738,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,✠ NicoKuroKusagi,This is one of the best games ive ever played!
76561198052567320,Not Recommended,215530,7785916,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Hopdidum,"Boring, clumsy and slow. Thumbs up for the cinematic at the start but that's the only good thing about this game."
76561197992663889,Not Recommended,215530,30962894,Posted: 5 April,all,Jaapo,"I'd say if you don't care too much about lore, skip this first part of the van helsing series and go straight to part two to avoid a ton of headache. Multiplayer has a ton of compability issues with windows 10 among other major bugs. There is workarounds in the web but who wants to go through them just to get this game working?Other than that it's much like Van helsing 2 and I did enjoy playing van helsing 2 for about 40 hours until it ran completely out of content and loot."
,Not Recommended,215530,13895992,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Daddy's Hurting,"If you are someone who plays games on a MAC, do not even bother buying this game. It should not be advertised as a MAC compatible game! Neocore has known about the problems concerning this game for years yet they refuse to fix them. The game looks terrible and is prone to frequent crashing.When changing the settings it is near impossible to see the change. The game will constantly be pixelated regardless of how you change the settings. Along with the blurry images which can be dealt with, the text size is so tiny that it is required for the player to either squint to make out what is being said or turn down the resolution, and even then the situation is barely improved.If you are looking for a new game to play on MAC, you are better off buying diablo, which is ported at a much better quality. The lack of support and seeming care of the development team is obvious. This game is not worth the money and time. I really wanted to enjoy this game but the blantent lack of care has lead me to have a distaste for this game. Van Helsing 2 also suffers from this lack of support, adopting all the problems from this game.Save your money.Don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,215530,23847290,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,grub,"Co-op is broken. You can't join your friends' server, it just doesn't work, and being that it's the whole reason I bought the game, I can't recommend it at all."
,Not Recommended,215530,7810874,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Zaazu,"Dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ its the buggiest game ever, atleast for multiplayer the game desyncs often. Not worth the space on my hard drive.Took me a month to get into contact with the technical support team and that was only when i threated to charge back paypal. Still didnt fix the problems."
76561197991776564,Not Recommended,215530,13171317,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Kurkuma,Gamepads without functions:(
76561198033331920,Recommended,215530,7811249,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ElderMark,"Its a good action rpg with a diffrent type of setting  which drew me in,A bit more harder then other action rpgs ive played The time ive played it which is small due to other games, Ive enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,215530,15926520,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Hellrox,looks pretty fun to play/rest
,Not Recommended,215530,11797614,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Captain Jack,cant  transfer characters from first game to the second even with the option available ...
76561198060853307,Not Recommended,215530,7847021,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,lm00lm,took longer to download & install than the game kept me interested. a well executed aRPG. would return for credit if i could
76561197989482885,Recommended,215530,24561294,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Marek,Very smooth interface.  Good graphics. Good storyline.  Lots of action.  Good loot.  Good skilltree.  I like it.
,Recommended,215530,298049,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,д и к а р ь,"- 9 / 10 -Sweet game! nice graphics, particle & bloom effects with satisfying combat system. Unique companion leveling, skills & behaviours.Voice acting & dialogue are quality for the most part, however a bit cheesy @ times. Storyline is plausibly good, unobtrusive but concise & allows for interesting main characters development. Great tunes & ambient tracks.Quite the surprise coming from a movie-to-game! Fun RPG hack n slash!"
,Recommended,215530,5378421,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,BlackWinging,"It's mechanically a standard ARPG if a little on the simplistic side, you point and click, use potions, and scavenge a ton of loot. What sets it apart from the rest is the setting, style, and good voicework. The scenery is especially nice, a few places I would stop and just gaze at the scenery, even while killing werewolves or villa.The ghost companion Katarina is also nice, she's basically the equivalent to torchlights pets, just with more talking."
76561198091710495,Recommended,215530,11735817,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,acikolata,Super game. Better than Diablo 2 and much cheaper... Also story is very good... Congratulations to game designers.
,Not Recommended,215530,17052983,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,1213 • NT-Destroy,"I cannot on good conscience recommend this game for anything other than the hilariously dodgy writing and voice acting.Pros:-The dialog is silly, it's super dorky and great.-No one seems bothered by the ghost lady at your side-Not using the word ""g*psy"", since it's a slur (they use 'Romany' instead to pretend they're not Romani)Cons:-Only 1 character class unless you buy the DLC-Lag, lag, worse lag-Bosses are terribly unbalanced, a team of 4 people on normal could not beat the scarecrow-Shrines don't work-Waypoints don't always work when you use them-Crashed frequently for my group-Mob balance issues, half of a 4 player group should not die at level 3 when fighting mooks."
76561197969002393,Not Recommended,215530,9112611,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Markum,"Tried this on my Macbook. Latest drivers, latest OS, latest patch (Feb 14 2014.) The character configuration screen is illegible and unusable, missing images and with text and mouseovers all over the place.That alone wouldn't make me sad; I like supporting indy developers and understand there may be some debugging involved. But then I tried to join their forums to report the problem, and the enrollment didn't work. When I eventually mailed them (with screenshots, diagnostics, etc.) I got one answer telling me to update my drivers, and then they went dark. Not cool.I guess I'll be reclaiming some much-needed hard drive space."
,Not Recommended,215530,9490924,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ChickenLiqu0r,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing looks like a great game. I was very excited to try this, and when it came up in the recent holiday sale, I nabbed it. Before buying, I verified that the game supports Mac and controllers. These top down games are some of my favorites, and I prefer the game controller to mouse and keyboard for them. Unfortunately, it seems that Mac is supported and controller is supported, but the two together are not supported. So I have not been able to play. I gave them almost four months to patch this issue, but, while other updates have been coming out, no fix for controllers on Macs has been seen. I won't buy another NeoCore game. I find their practices deceptive."
,Recommended,215530,19991973,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dindu-Nuffin,Perfect!
76561198103340710,Not Recommended,215530,13903288,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Splicorice,"Well, this is going to be a very opinionated review. It may be due to the fact that i am not a very big fan of this type of game, but i did not find this game very satisfying. Even buying it when it was 70% off still leaves me wishing i had my six dollars back. Upon entry into the game i instantly began comparing it to Diablo III because i absolutely enjoyed that game to the fullest, and upon a dissappointing few first moments, i decided to give it a try none the less. After playing for a couple of hours, gaining quite a few levels, it became unbearable. Again, taking into account I don't usually play this type of game, it was just bland. Yes it offered lots of hack and slash action but it seems like too much of a rip off of Diablo, except with less depth. The game offers very little customization, and seemingly similar talents, which in the end, just leaves you with a boring grind for gear to defeat the final boss... not very impressed. 3/10 in my eyes"
,Not Recommended,215530,7838967,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Cahal,If I wanted to feel violated by a vampire hunter I could have just looked up some Castlevania fanfiction and saved $6.
,Not Recommended,215530,24273447,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,ichhassees101,"bugs, bugs and more bugs! the game isn´t playable! we tried to play the coop modus. sometimes no monsters are spawned, sometimes the boss is frozen after reload and at least the main quest crushes."
,Recommended,215530,30880927,Posted: 1 April,all,Cheerilee,so I beat the game and I feel that this game is very short only took me 2-3 days to beatI feel like the game could be longer but maybe part 2 will be longer I hope so far I fee like this game is 10/10.ps game is a little buggy at times
76561197971045382,Not Recommended,215530,18203949,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,SodGawd,"It's ok for a time waister, but you never really feel powerful or seem to find any amazing equipment.  I kept going thinking it would improve.   I like the premise but it just feels....off."
,Not Recommended,215530,13490203,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Praxcelis,"No controller support in OS X release. No mention of that anywhere. There's even a setting for it in the options, but no… it is not supported. So, I can't recommend the game, based on my experience with it. In Windows it may be awesome. If you don't mind using mouse/keyboard… it may be awesome. But I was expecting to use a controller, as advertised, and it ain't happening. Wha-wha, I know. But all they have to do is put up a notice somewhere to let OS X customers know before making the purchase. That's it."
,Not Recommended,215530,10328968,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mr. Yetti,"I really wanted to like this game, I really did.Positive:-Small development team, who made a playable (not really enjoyable) game. It's always nice to see little dev teams making games.-The starting price of $15 doesn't leave a bad taste in your mouth.-Clever take on Van Helsing, with some cool concepts.-I was expecting a pure text based game, with no voicework, yet I found the voicework to be better than some AAA games being released these days.-It's short and doesn't overstay it's welcome.-Decent replayabilityNegative:-The loading times are awful, they might be the worst loading times I've ever experienced in a game. There's also no loading indicator until 10 seconds prior to the next area loads up. So you're stuck looking at a boring map for 1-2 minutes, wondering if the game crashed.-This games default settings are ridiculous and slow down the game (newsflash the majority of PC gamers don't have crossfire video cards).-I found a few work arounds to speed up the load times to about 35-45 seconds but even then this game felt poorly optimized.-I have a pretty decent rig that can still play Far Cry 3, Skyrim, and Deus EX on high, with my frame rate rarely dropping below 35-45 fps. So why the hell can this game barely stutter by at 5 fps?? I haven't seen a game stutter and drop the framerate this much since my '07 gateway when I played WoW.-Oddly enough, I did find the frame rate to improve if I turned certain specs up not down (seriously).-The enviroments are generic, the same old muddy sewers/forest/foggy forest/cave, you've seen a million times in generic RPGs.-This game takes little to no strategy, I rarely died. When I did die, it was usually do to the screen stuttering and having my character jump across  the scene do to lag or a screen freeze.-The character models are pretty dull, you fight the same spiders/rats/zombies from every RPG. Although they do have some cool looking revolutionary robot soldiers and Van Helsing himself looks alright, even if he is a walking cliché.-Also for some reason the audio cuts in and out.-Gameplay is weird, they try to be so different from Diablo/Torchlight, that they remap certain keys and get rid of others altogether. All I wanted was another hack'n'slash diabloesque RPG, yet this game tries to reinvent the wheel and ends up making a square tire.Bottomline: This game is only worth picking up if it's part of some Humble Bundle or under $2. The forgettable story, boring graphics, frame rate issues, and loading screens will have you uninstalling this monster in less time then it takes to watch a trailer for that lame Van Helsing movie starring Wolverine.1/5"
76561198031328124,Not Recommended,215530,22819957,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rizilliant,"Hunter is a decent class to play, but early on, the Thaumaturge, even on normal, is really boring, and difficult.. Slow single target spell casts, fighting packs of 5+ enemies.. The main attack can take 3 to 5 hits to kill each enemy..The hunter on the other hand, has the ability to melee, or range.. Default melee swings, or gun shots..I enjoyed the game playing as the Van Helsing iconic class (Hunter), but really dislike how the Thaumaturge (spell caster) plays.. And the Arcane Engineer, now that Ive tried it.. They may be better later, but with the lack of active abilities (or where to map them, in this atrocious UI) makes it so bland, and boring to play.. Specializing in only 2-4 abilities (2 per skill bar, which you must Tab to switch) just sucks! Which brings me to my next point..There  arent that many abilities that you will be able to use.. There is an overly confusing, andf cumbersome Rage meter, that is used to enhance each ability at the click of a button, for a single use.. Each ability can be enhanced with  up to 3 boosters, and are activated by pressing spacebar.. Its just too much to try to deal with in the heat of combat, and ive never used them.. They take up precious ability points in the skill tree, and even when i tried speccing into them, never used them at all.. You initialise the boost, then click whichever ability you want boosted (and which boosts you want), and its used in the very next ability.. Can be reinitialised until rage is empty.. Its just too cumbersome, and the button layout is pretty bad as well.. It is customizable atleast, but once in game, youll see what i mean.. Its soo many keys to hit..I think each class has like 9 abilities to choose from, a dozen of so tricks, and some auras.. All of which require the same ability points to rank up, and you must start at the top of the trees, and work your way down.. You will be aquiring skills whether you intend to use them  or not, to get to the more powerful ones below.. Edit: the DLC classes have more like 20 abilitiesThe music is almost non existant, and the ambient sounds are your basic birds chirping, etc.. The lack of sounds also adds to the dull atmosphere, inevitebly putting you to sleep..These are some of the worst voices, and voice acting in a video game, or ANY form of entertainment for that matter, that I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing!  Dreadful!I wont get into the ""story"" as its pretty pathetic, for what could have been amazing.. Its Van Helsing, afterall, and this is so generic, and this ""Ink"" just makes it worse.. I really dont have much good to say about this series.. I really would pass on it..Is really badly optimized.. Im far above recommended specs, and the game gets below 20fps often.. Skimming through the discussions, theres dozens of people asking for help with the same issue..It really pisses me off that i have to turn off all the deent settings to play this game, which isnt really great looking to begin with..All in all, i would say pass on it, unless you are a di hard arpg fan, and absolutely need another title... Because theres not enough of them apparently, lol..  Poor performance is the killer here.. Its just so PAINFULLY boring!!! The music makes this fact even worse..."
,Not Recommended,215530,30981774,Posted: 6 April,all,KingLich,"I Don't know, I felt extremely bored when I was playing this, it just lacks some fun... so many pointless skills, instead you could have fewer but actually useful skills. I played the ranged guy with a big gun in his hands, haven't tried other 2, don't plan to. Also there was a bug where my character simply stuck at a place and could do nothing at all, only solution was death... And it happened more than a few times. Seriously it's 2017 such simple bugs shouldn't even exist... Don't recommend this at all, if you're looking for a good arpg, go for Diablo, or Divine Divinity, Bard's Tale etc. etc. but stay away from this."
,Not Recommended,215530,15400421,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Has potential, but this is just a boring game.5.5/10"
76561198027632809,Recommended,215530,13141174,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,G-spott_QuAzaR♀♂,"The Incredible Adventures берет другим — подачей и оформлением. Охотник за нечистью очень приятно и литературно выражается, идеально сохраняя образ; его подруга каждые 15 минут выдает остроты; окружающие персонажи продуманы и прописаны настолько, чтобы каждая из отведенных им фраз звучала свежо и интересно. В этом смысле игру хочется сравнить, наверное, с Magicka — все не настолько абсурдно, но настолько же талантливо.Отличные диалоги накладываются на постоянное обновление места действия — каждые пару часов стиль игры радикально преображается. Просторные полянки сменяются многоуровневыми улочками, классические злые вороны вытесняются изощренными франкенштейнами, а сопровождается это обновлением цветовой гаммы и музыкальной темы. Саундтрек вообще хочется выделить отдельно — очень уж он приятен для малобюджетного проекта."
76561198065370904,Recommended,215530,6395513,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,baxprophet,"Actually i wasn't expecting much from this game. I learned about it existence only four days ago. Read some preview and wasn't impressed. But i've learened to never trust someones opinion before trying something myself.Probably because i didn't expect much i really like the game now. I was surprised with the price on it. The game seemed like a solid project and they aren't usually cost as much :DI like visual style of the game. I'm pretty tired of ""childish"" colors in other games. Probably i'm not creating an uber build, but i like the fact that the game always keeps me focused otherwise it'll take only a few seconds to die. And one thing i like the most about the game is the story. I have no idea how it was intended to be told, but sometimes i just can't stop laughing. And that's i guess the main thing among many more that pushes me to go ahead, I can't wait for Van Helsing and Katarina to start talking with each other or someone else again.So far i gained from Van Helsing more fun that from Titan Quest, D3 and TL2 all together. I can't remember a single sentence said by anyone in those games, but i'm sure some phrases from Van Helsing will stay with me forever."
76561198312840574,Recommended,215530,33157357,Posted: 2 July,all,mikegarcia0195,love thos game! got all three! can't wate to play them all!
76561198202647562,Recommended,215530,33015605,Posted: 29 June,all,archiryan123,Incredible. Wish I had found this years ago. The Diablo 3 I never had
76561197996527305,Recommended,215530,33880062,Posted: 29 July,all,jeepliberty35,"Over all great game. Took me and a friend about 3 yrs to finally beat it. the game does have a few issue, but if you can look poast them it is a very good game.looking forward to trying the next 2 games to see if they will be just as much fun."
,Recommended,215530,9424024,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Krit,game is solid but where the ♥♥♥♥ is vampires? this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥van helsing and there is no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥vampire in this game. if youre loot hoarder this title is for you
76561198079525160,Recommended,215530,9444164,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Harrison_YoloSwag420BlazeIt,Fun
,Recommended,215530,7837235,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Spinrilla,This Game Is Amazing
76561198029180753,Not Recommended,215530,9509460,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,mmx30714,"The experience of playing The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing (TIOAVH), is like Diablo II but not as fun as Diablo II; as I continue to expand on my review, you will hear the ""like Diablo II but"" comparison quite often, with that in mind, let's get rolling.The Story campaign spilts into 3 chapters in TIOAVH, though in terms of map variation and sizes it only counts as two and a half since many areas are just a small pocket map and one map got used twice with different mobs. Like Diabo II, you'll fight a defining boss like mob at the end of each chapter which will then transition you to the next act, but not only is the campaign much shorter, the combat is much less fulfilling. In Diablo II, you play as the nameless hero conquering the demons, the fact that you remain nameless is what allows the player to fill in the void with their own imagination and make the experience their own; in TIOAVH, the main character is a decendant of Van Helsing, attempting to rid the town of Borgovia of a mad scientist. The player is just a Van Helsing Jr trying to make his own. Even though the story of TIOAVH has no fatal flaw, personally, Diablo II's story is much better.Class wise, TIOAVH only have 1 (3 with expansion) character to choose from, unlike the 5 (7 with expansion) character available in Diabo II. On top of that, the additional two character, arguably, has very similar style, elemental long range attack, so personally, I'd consider them the same addition but with a slight variation. Point Diablo II.Map wise TIOAVH doesn't have a lot to offer, in fact, most of the ink map are just mix and mash of the regular map, and one map you even visited twice; Diabo II on the otherhand offers a complete change of scenary, from grass field to desert to a swamp. Point Diablo II.AI/combat wise, TIOAVH suffers a blow back. Mob will either try to shoot you or rush you until they drop, which often result in the tactic commonly know as the ""run you♥♥♥♥♥off, till the enemy dies"", which could get faily repetitive fairly fast. Diablo on the other hand have enemy which fleeing, and even at one point, friendly NPC. Point Diablo II.To sum it up, if you're haven't play Diablo II, and you're interested in these type of action RPG, then you should definitely skip and give Diablo II a shot; if however, you're addicted to action RPG game and can't find any other action RPG out there, then suppose TIOVAH could tie you over until your next fix."
76561198014791801,Not Recommended,215530,9362071,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Rusha,"The game is game is fun for the first 4 or so hours, with interesting enemies, nice visual effects and some witty voice acting from Katarina to go along side it all. The game seems very enjoyable at first but quickly deteriorates, the enemies become just tedious and you'll end up just trying to run past them to get to your objective. I played as the mage (or whatever name class is) and found that I could simply spam spells to enemy waves without any danger of dying. This simply takes away the intensity from the first few hours and creates a dull experience overall. The game does has some pleasing music, decent boss fights and the graphics aren't half bad. For me the journey stopped when nothing seemed to interest me/pose a real threat. I thought this was going to be a good dungeon crawler type game, unfortunately it wasn't for me and I hope they make a great sequel to correct these issues. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,215530,9109721,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,sweet bro and hella jeff,GamE All HeLls Type of sWag
,Recommended,215530,9152021,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Slav Knight Gael,"Take Diablo 3, make it good, thats this game. 10 Vampires out of 10."
76561198062922224,Not Recommended,215530,9037674,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,doot doot,"This game might have been alright, but I had already played Diablo 3. Comparitively, Van Helsing is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bad interface, awful graphics. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,215530,13940683,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Scooby,asdsad
,Recommended,215530,8963663,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,4th,"This game basically improves on everything Diablo 3 was lacking and adds a huge amount more. Truly one of the best Diablo style games I've ever played, and I've played Torchlight, Diablo 3 and Path of Exile."
,Recommended,215530,580504,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,GreyMack,"If you like Diablo or Torchlight you'll love this, Better Graphics than TL2 and excellent value for money."
76561197985586617,Recommended,215530,7705176,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,MadBalls,"Really really good and detailed immersive RPG experience.... everything has been done carefully and the controls are really good.... You really get your moneys worth... really good graphics too, sound fx and voice acting are good so they won´t ruin the gaming experience.Try the demo...then buy it!"
,Not Recommended,215530,11123840,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Harley,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198072517612,Recommended,215530,25335063,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TCIonut,"Pros: 1) Interesting story, but it leaves you with the story unfinished, makeing you to buy the second game to see how the story develops.Personal oppinion: it's like diablo 1. You finish the game, but are not satisfied with what you did there...2) Good music.3) Easy to finish the game, here and there it's a little bit hard, but the entire game is quite easy.Cons: 1) Few good spells, imo. I haven't bought the DLCs, perhaps they added something cool there.2) Money is a big problem in this game, from my perspective. Because i could not make my ultimate gear withought farming like a noob.3) Useless legendaryis, from my perspective. You get some legendarys that help you to a certain level, but when you go NG+ the same legendary drops but with the same stats in you first game."
76561198165084050,Recommended,215530,23850695,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ting_91,The game is very good. The graphic are very elegant and well done. The enviroment is so beautiful and i cant decrive it with a few words. the enviroment looks like a old time western adventure games with character that are very likeble. The character have personality that are very memorable and their designs matches their personality. Also the enemy are well design and well put in the enviroment.  the game play is good without belive and there are three classes to pick from and the campaign story is worth it.  The power up are beautiful and so powerful that i can not stop killing enemy in this game. this is the game to buy for the story and the replayability.
76561198134851160,Recommended,215530,32567749,Posted: 19 June,all,Aurelia,"10/10, would kill in Borgovia again."
76561198105879647,Recommended,215530,33296145,Posted: 5 July,all,rαZ ❤ VACporn,fun!
,Not Recommended,215530,8663918,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Feonir,"It is a fine game for those who like Diablo and Torchlight, games where ""dodging attacks"" is just scooting a bit to the left. Had high hopes it would play more like Dungeon Siege III and less like a boring click to move. Least these people figured out how moving with not clicking works for bonus points."
76561198040615764,Recommended,215530,11369477,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,kmole,GOOD GAME NOT AS LONG AS IT SHOULD BE THOUGH OVER A BIT TO SOON.
,Recommended,215530,10171279,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Othrandur,"This is a good diabloesque game with interesting mechanics and nice, but not spectacular graphics. It plays well, the combat is satisfying, but... I'm still disappointed. This could have been a cool, dark, gloomy, scary game, but instead, it's pulled down by insipid, childish, failed attempts at being funny. It breaks the mood and the immersion. It isn't funny enough to be a humorous game and it's too frivolous to be a serious game, so it just sits awkwardly in the middle sucking at both. Maybe I've just been spoiled by much better humor from games like Bastion, Borderlands 1 & 2, Saints Row the Third, and others who got it right. But I still have to give it a positive score on technical merits."
,Recommended,215530,7970801,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pantherpiss,Underwhelming
,Recommended,215530,64351,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Run GMC,"A short Diablo clone. Rough around the edges, but I had more fun playing it than I ever did with D3. 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,215530,7814318,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Yeskalinen,Awesome game!!!
76561198003264303,Recommended,215530,7817776,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ashbloodhand,Fun game
76561198008872166,Recommended,215530,2531895,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Scrutinizer,"A solid all-around hack and slash. Merges the elements from different well-known games in the genre. Intriguing setting. Fun. Amusing. Get this, if you like hack n slash and a fantasy industrial revolution worlds. Hell, get this even if you don't. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,215530,6616173,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,DeeD,"Great game, very similar to Diablo 3 but many more variations of mythical monsters, but you have a companion player at all times and great humour. definately worth getting especially for the price"
76561197992535537,Recommended,215530,7815415,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,WWDragon,"Good game to play through once, with the blue blood pack to make the ghost useful in combat;  It's certainly worth the 15$.Just be aware that there's no replayability; No new game +, no starting the campaign again with the char that you finished the game with.There is the abilty to load up in a harder mode that basically lets you go through a few of the more annoying areas again, with higher level enemies; not really fun or entertaining to do that though.There is multiplayer, but it adds very little; Maybe you want to go through the campaign with your friend? You can!"
,Recommended,215530,5355700,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,yorick,Really nice story and atmosphere ingame!
,Recommended,215530,7813065,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,pot roast,"I got this game for myself and a friend while it was on sale, and we've gotten some fun times out of it. My expectations were pretty low going in; I didn't really think that this game would be as much fun as it is. The writing and voice acting is pretty good, and I love the banter between your ghostly compainion, Lady Katarina, and Van Helsing.From a gameplay perspective, everything seems to be well thought out and well balanced, but there are certain aspects (like the combo system) that I didn't really understand for a while (probably because I disabled the tutorial). One of my favorite things about the game is just how hard it can be sometimes. There are certain enemies that can kill you in just a few hits, so it becomes really important to use potions all the time (but don't worry... they drop off of anything and everything so you will have trouble running out).One of the side-quests (to kill the hunter-machines) seems to be bugged for me, and I am not sure if all my skills are working the way they should (the upgrade to one of the skills should heal me each hit, but I can't really tell if it is working), but overall I love this game and think it's absolutely fantastic. The metascore clocks in at 72/100, which seems about right from a critical perspective, but the question I always ask myself is: Do I have fun playing this game, and how much fun am I having? The answer for The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing: Yes, this game is a blast and I am choosing to play it over the other games in my 181-game library on a nightly basis. Higly recommended for playing with friends (I haven't played solo)."
,Recommended,215530,15942903,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,benjimims,I triumphed at Diablo 3. I find this game more challenging.
,Not Recommended,215530,9362511,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Hive Lord Fluttershy,"This game is all the fun of the Torchlight series, as well as most of the gameplay, but with almost none of the fun.If you want Torchlight, play torchlight, I will admit this game looks pretty, but not so pretty as to justify the cost.Arbitrary score based on personal opionion, and no sort of implication of statistical legitimacy: 2/5 I do not recomend"
76561198039144423,Recommended,215530,15959877,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,weechee,Haters are going to hate!! This game is great!!!.
,Recommended,215530,9628340,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Breizh Atao,Just : AWESOME.
76561197965719794,Recommended,215530,7811357,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dr. Doctor,"A Diablo-esque game that features steady progression, a gripping storyline, and tongue in cheek humor.Recommended."
,Recommended,215530,1939202,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Fognar,"A fun little action RPG.  More game than Torchlight 1, less than Torchlight 2.  Loot drops at a good rate.  I was replacing a piece of gear at least once every 10-15 minutes.  Currently, the game is a bit buggy, and the last Act is not well balanced for characters who spec range.  Combat lacks impact, but otherwise, it's a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,215530,7779365,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,empirecity,"Similar to Diablo II, albeit perhaps a bit easier.  Light banter between Van Helsing and Katarina keep things moving.  Good for the 20 hours or so the campaign lasted.Was worth the $10 I paid for it.(Cleared campaign on Normal, hardcore)"
,Recommended,215530,7803685,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ecnebil,Nice story and with the newest DLCs game is awesome
,Recommended,215530,241892,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Sharza,"Atmospheric ARPG, more customizable than obvious at first glance."
,Recommended,215530,544771,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Fishzerg,"Great gothic cyberpunk atmosphere, awesome surroundings and monsters. D2 style, interesting items. Story in hard mode took 24 hours. Story more interesting than in similar games, darker and more funny. Kept playing till end despite some lag issues (single player). Great game!"
,Recommended,215530,7816394,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[UCG] Thedev,Do you like Diablo? Sacred? Path Of Exile? Do you like whitty humor and goofy references to other fantasy worlds? Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,215530,493914,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Chandler,"A decent action RPG, good for a playthrough. Doesn't have new game + or anything, only a 'scenario' mode you can play after you beat the game (which is basically some earlier levels with harder enemies). Overall a pretty fun experience, although some of the levels tend to drag on a bit. I like the skill trees and itemization a lot."
,Recommended,215530,7381573,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Wally,"Its quite a good game overall. Fairly fun ""diablo clone"" but lacks to much diversity because there are only two classes (with the DLC). But specializing between melee/ranged gives varying play styles and even those can be broken down more due to more spell/physical damage style you can do. I'm only in act 2, but I've seen enough to say I am enjoying the level design and music a lot.Certainly 8/10 and  if more classes were to be added or more skills in general it could easily be 8+For 15 dollar,s you'll get your moneys worth, at least."
,Recommended,215530,7712567,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"Van Helsing is a good indie aRPG. I say indie, because if this had been released from a well known publisher it would have been treated as garbage and been on every 80% off sale it could find. Why do I say that? Well first let me just say that I wholly recommend this game! It's very fun and engaging. It presents a decent reward system. The graphics and sounds go along well with the pace of the action. So why call it garbage?I didn't, I said it would have been treated as garbage had it been released from a big company. Van Helsing has bugs... Game breaking bugs wherein you can not complete main/storyline quests. Multiplayer bugs where games will just crash randomly or lag for no apparent reason or even spawn you into places where you are not supposed to reach thereby making you have to quit and return to the game. No tutorial for advanced features. Want to know how to upgrade (socket) items? So do I, go look for a youtube video, because this game honestly never tells you. The sounds, while going along well are somewhat repetative or campy. Also, the graphics, while they look well, enemies have a tendency to blend into the scene making it hard to know if you've killed everyone. It sports a strange control scheme and has no option to evade combat. If you're ranged and you get swarmed you can't run away because clicking in any direction means you're going to auto-attack. Also, if you have a controller plugged in, the game will not allow you to use a mouse and keyboard. You must exit, disconnect the controller, and restart the game.Wooo... That was a long list of dislikes! I'm sorry, but I want you to know what you're getting into if you decide to purchase this title. Van Helsing has issues, BUT the game is fun! There is good dialogue and a story that makes sense. How many aRPG's have a story... and that makes sense!? The action is paced very well and never gets boring. There are quite a few quests to complete and I never had an issue figuring out where to go to complete them. Even though there are bugs the development team is working hard to correct them. Yes there are some instances where quests can't be completed, but until that's fixed, they've released a patch where you can bring up a console and complete the quest you're stuck on. The DLC classes provide more options. I like the Thaumaturge class. I'm very squishy, but I can take down the largest of monsters with ease.So here's my final recommendation: If you like aRPG's and are looking for something to fill the gap between releases from big companies then I say grab this title. You will not be dissapointed. If aRPG's are not in your cup of tea, this game will not change your mind. If you are on the fence, just look over my comments about the bads and the goods. If you can live with the bads I think you'll find a lot of fun to be had here!"
,Recommended,215530,7745912,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Weaselbringer,"Surprisingly good game. It's got a lot of Diablo/Titan Quest kind of vibe but they take away a lot of annoying stuff and streamline it quite well. You're instantly given a permanent pet, and the ability to do both melee and ranged attacks. Meaning that you're basically every class at once. From there you just choose to specialize, better pets, better melee, better ranged, more magical, more physical. Depending on how you specialize is how the game unfolds.It also has a sense of humor which I find refreshing and the voice acting is pretty decent. The plot is a bit weak but the gameplay, graphics and action is fun and impressive. All in all I was caught by surprise by this game and I do like it quite a bit. Fills that niche that Diablo III didn't quite fill."
76561197980011286,Recommended,215530,7779787,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,eraigames,"This action RPG is way better than Diablo 3!  The addition of a ghost sidekick really helps the gameplay as it allows the character to switch from melee to a ranged style without too much fear of being swarmed by enemies.  Moreover, the graphics and audio are a cut above the rest.  The writing is excellent with plenty of hilarity and biting, sarcastic commentary on modern-day gaming.  If you get this, DEFINITELY get the DLC as the thaumaturge (mage) class is sooooooo much fun to play with!!!!"
76561197998181984,Recommended,215530,7794472,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,xartof,best ARPG ive played for year
76561197999424743,Recommended,215530,7807088,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Old Rusty,"Actually had a lot of fun with this. And considering that there are two new completely different character class DLCs,it might be worth coming back to.Pick it up if it goes cheap"
,Recommended,215530,7812087,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,[KS]Wolfman,"I did not expect it to be half this good. It was really entertaining and creative. new monsters, skills, weapons, quest felt like it was Diablo 2 all over again! Hopefully they make more games like this! I got this when the complete edition went on sale for $9.99 and it was worth it and I haven't even tried the Thaumaturge or the Arcane Mechanic! Good times here we go!"
76561197987279127,Not Recommended,215530,9188605,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ran24,"This game is problematic to run, and has major bugs that are not addressed by developers.  It required a lot of work to get it to run.  See other negative reviews for details on problems you will likely encounter."
76561197998485563,Not Recommended,215530,15479915,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Habilis,Clunky and lazy ARPG where you are instantly swarmed by generic enemies.  It makes Diablo 1 look modern by comparison.It felt like a turn based rpg in the worst possible sense (are your skills high enough to pass this area> y/n)
76561198172114330,Not Recommended,215530,15909896,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Kuroiryumegami,can not get load the game every time i do it gives me a black screen the hourglass and after that does not load i was really hoping to play this game because it seemed like it would be fun any help
76561197971815480,Recommended,215530,10881012,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Iberi,Great Action RPG-Game with a nice touch of humor.
76561197993060918,Recommended,215530,14097947,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Aquinas,7/10*co-op: buggy-bug-bugged
,Recommended,215530,7857162,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,IT'S DA POLEECE,"A quality aRPG that is sure to have gone under the radar of many. A unique story with a follower that levels alongside you, and many of the modern streamlining conveniences similar to Torchlight 2 that have their own added intricacies. Having only one class with others behind DLC is a bit bothersome, but the standard class is versatile on its own and the campaign is a good length. Postgame goes beyond the standard new game+ and adds especially hard challenge missions to the mix.  Overall, a must for the aRPG fan."
,Recommended,215530,14630113,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Eighthourblink,"Although some quests are bugged, been enjoying this game. Cant wait to finish this one, and start playing the second one"
76561197985560524,Recommended,215530,8056638,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Crni Bombarder,Не играйте в это♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198005454691,Recommended,215530,12657664,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Storfod,Gut gem
76561198206754812,Not Recommended,215530,16575012,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,co_barry,"i will only rate this game 6/10.mechanics and atmosphere is very similar to torchlight rather than diablo which contains more lore.  but this defionitely have better ""artstyle"" than torchlight.i just find it little too simple. unidentified loot does not need an identifying scroll or potion or whatever, you just have to right-click on it and voila it's identified. for me that doesnt make sense. lol. also town portal does not require whatever. it's just readily available there..your companion is pretty boring who despite having leveling feature does not have an interesting skill tree for offense. all of her skills are passive, graphically-invisible buffs for van helsing.the story is not something will hold you into wanting to know more, it's very generic and unexciting.for van helsing character, the highest skill you can get is at level 14. after level 14, all you have to spend your skill points to are for improving your chosen skills, for me this killed the excitement of leveling up more. i only played van helsing character and i must say the developers should've made his skills a bit more eyecandy just for the sense of ""being powerful"". im not expecting ""fire-storm-like effect"" but maybe you could learn from some mmorpgs' melee characters... van helsing's skill tree is too bland.and most of all, bugs.... i lost count at how many times my game crashed and those feckin shrines dont work."
,Not Recommended,215530,19900883,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Monkey D'Luffy,please help me i can't play this game. this always crash on my laptop. my laptop spesification is good for this game.
76561198047975975,Not Recommended,215530,19908058,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SenileJunta,"Be careful before purchasing this game. I bought it a few months ago, just after updating to el captain & I still can't launch this game. All of the forums are saying similar things & there has been no communication by the developers at all, not even acknowledging the issue. It looks like a good game if it works on your computer."
,Recommended,215530,3755602,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,ArcaneAlterEgo,Better then diablo 3 :)
76561198075526369,Recommended,215530,11991138,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,TRIGUND,"Ive only play diablo once and it was fun but for some reason this one just makes me happy er the jokes are funny and cheese just how I like them and the dialog is to the point and isnt draged out, this is a quick to the point kind of game in general but if you look around there is alot of lore and eastereggs for those who know history the 2'c game is now out. I love this game you can also play it with a friend, I say get it on a steam sale and you will not regret it =)"
,Not Recommended,215530,7906918,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Chumak's Way,"Monotonous gameplay (you always kite), similar enemies and not very many useful skills (some skills are simply not viable)."
76561197967324471,Recommended,215530,273929,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,H.U.N.K,this game is pure win if you like diablo style games
,Recommended,215530,8498735,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LAgenieMP,"This action rpg game is the Diablo 2 fix that you've been missing.  Werewolves, zombies, vampires, oh boy!  Fun maps and easy to complete in 20-30 hours, if you like to take your time, like me.Can't recommend this highly enough, and am really looking forward to the developers continuing on with Van Helsing 2!"
,Recommended,215530,8463746,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nav xo,very good game tabarnack
76561197980884118,Recommended,215530,15921779,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jackrel,"It's on sale right, has coop, and is fun to play :D"
,Recommended,215530,15922103,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sideo,"This is a game that while simple is very fun, addicting and a living hell for people wanting to get 100% mainly because there's so much here. There isn't much I can say that's bad about this game, I enjoyed the story, I enjoyed the combat, the characters didn't feel stale. If you can get this game, get it."
76561198059370755,Recommended,215530,9890601,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,SpawnCap,A very fun ARPG.  It has been much improved since it was first released.  I plan on buying the next one.
76561198008574340,Recommended,215530,14600067,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,exp3rt,A well done diablo killer. Not a killer but worth for playing. 9/10
76561198024303358,Recommended,215530,9227450,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Jim Door,Think of it as a improved Diablo 3
76561198055788114,Recommended,215530,27960143,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,thehorus,I had alot of fun playing the story mode. But its reather short.
76561198062174059,Recommended,215530,30537265,Posted: 15 March,all,Vexia,"I really liked it at first.But the quests are confusing, I look at where its pointing on the map, I go there, I follow it, I end up exactly where I started.I look at the map, I continue on the path and again exactly where I started. It's sending me in circles.It's a headache, I looked up where I needed to go next in order to progress, I finished the map and didn't recieve the dialogue. Which means I can't progress, or I missed something, I killed everything in the map, twice over.I just want to finish it. It was good. Now I don't know anymore, I just want it to be over with."
76561198004084556,Recommended,215530,2210897,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Nekura,Besser wie Diablo 3
,Recommended,215530,12296721,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,[i4ni] NecroGrif,"For a D2/D3 clone, It's well done(IMO) But the story is a little short and with out mod support the replay value is ok, But with the three classes there is, it's not that bad of a game. Like any other D2/D3 clone out there this one is one of the better ones. Anyone who loves the Van Helsing story/Universe might end like loving this game like I do."
,Recommended,215530,9419244,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mr. BlacKHooD,"Fans of Titan Quest is dedicated to! Excellent atmospheric game, great graphics, music and interesting plot. True, the game is short and closer to the end gets a bit boring, but to play it's definitely worth. My rating 9/10"
76561198069018161,Recommended,215530,20109011,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ajkey04,"While not as good as the second one, I managed to play that one first, it was still a fun game of a trilion clicks. I thoroughly enjoyed it.8/10"
76561198021763379,Recommended,215530,20076658,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SETO,"Rol a lo diablo con la historia de van helsing...muy divertido y recomendado para que tengas en cuenta este tipo de juegos y para los que vienen jugando el genero, uno mas para viciar....!Lo malo: llegar a 30 y que no siga subiendo es lo peor del juego"
,Recommended,215530,9385184,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,siggi bizkit,It's alright....its a copy of torchlight with 1/5 of the storyline or gameplay with less cartoony graphics..It's alright....
76561198010700648,Not Recommended,215530,28899106,Posted: 1 January,all,Cerdwin,"I really wanted to like this game. I reallyreally enjoy RPG's of this type, so I thought this would be a good fit for me.The music is decent and the voice acting is straight on for the most part. I found a lot of cliched voicing, though, IE Count Vlados. However, the Romany girlthat you have to get flowers forsure doesn't sound like the other people in her camp.I found myself more than once cursing at the camera angles and apparently, fighting off screen is actually a thing if you're using a ranged character. And speaking of, I tried to melee my character. I really did. I usually play a tank type so it's not like I'm unfamiliar with it . . and. . . I ended up with a gun wielding character because that was the only thing I could find that would actually do damage and take down enemies without Van Helsing continually dying all the time. But because of this, omg, the sheer amount of kiting was amazing. I've never kited so much in a game as I did in this.Overall, the storyline was cliched as well. Mad Scientist, blah blah, Secret Lair (that's apparently not so secret) blah blah. And Easter eggs? Nah, they're fecking everywhere to the point that you actually get ""graded"" at the end of each chapter for how many you found. However, there's a lot of fun ""other game/movie/book"" references that make at least that portion a fun little romp.All in all, I'm giving this a 5/10 due to the negative points above. I suppose it'd be worth playing if you like the Van Helsing games. At the end of the day, though, if you're looking to purchase this one, DON'T. Go get the Final Cut version because this game is included as the first part of it. I bought this game and a friend of mine has Final Cut in their library so I was going to play that next. . . . and ended up playing the same game 2x in a row."
76561197995436761,Recommended,215530,8369156,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jcaracc2003,"This is a very fun ARPG. The play mechanics are excellent, the maps are huge, the quests are fun, and, for a lower budget game, the voice acting is quite nice. There are two DLCs thus far and for those who have the game, the dev has offered a unique item and an aura as a thank you.Diablo, Torchlight, Grim Dawn, and other ARPG players will feel right at home with this game. There is a LOT of loot, a nice skill tree for your main character plus your ghost companion - she is a blast BTW with her snide and condescending remarks to Van Helsing. But, unlike the annoying companion in Legend: Hand of God, THIS companion is also a potentially gruesome, merciless killing machine. The DLC offers more replayability, but, even without it, you can play through the game again and specialize in different kinds of attacks - the same goes for your companion.This game LOVES to swarm you and enemies will attack in all directions - it's absolutely glorious and at times, loot drops can be almost as crazy as Torchlight II.I hope that Neocore will consider making a sequel. The game would easily compete with the best triple A ARPGs out there. A random map function would really round the game out.Props to the devs who have been VERY responsive and have kept this jewel up to date. I am an ARPG fanatic and The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is one of the most fun I am still playing."
76561197963648068,Recommended,215530,157618,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,sKorpion,"o.k... first,  this is a blatant Diablo III ripoff.....UI, loot, combat, even main character voice!however,  it's set in a steampunk era, you have a base, memorable characters...overall i enjoyed this MORE than Diablo III... at $14.99 this game is exceptional!"
,Recommended,215530,7886469,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Melee,Awesome game
76561198067538549,Recommended,215530,33277651,Posted: 5 July,all,C R O S E R,borig combat generic musice and no story and I'm still recommend it
76561197997725805,Recommended,215530,9415088,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Carinth,"Decent game, was worth buying it on-sale."
,Recommended,215530,15392464,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Jean-Baptiste Grenouille,"Only 3 hours, but it's enough to say that i really like this title, it's well packaged, full of loot and 3 totally different characters to play with, in case you get the expansions.Later on i'll finish the review."
,Recommended,215530,15663642,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Darth Senpai,Not bad.
,Recommended,215530,9238791,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Natalie Dormer,!
76561197970734669,Recommended,215530,26667966,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Happeh,"The game is a 4/5. It has some weak points, but it is easily worth $10 if it is available on sale. The weak points are mostly minor things.The game mechanics needed better planning. There are a variety of upgrades for the weapons, but there is no point in getting anything but the base gun upgrade, the ice upgrade, and the explosion upgrade. A person could use the scatter or poison upgrades for enjoyment, but there is no reason to. Same goes for the spell upgrade tree. Ignore them and use the explosion upgrade unless you want variety for your own enjoyment.The voice acting is kind of silly. I have never understood why games use voice actors who do a poor job attempting a foreign accent, instead of just hiring someone who really has an accent. There are some quality control problems with the dialog not matching the subtitling.Item pickups are strange. An item might be found at level 10 that is better than items found all the way up to level 20. I think I used a level 20 gun all the way up to level 30 because none of the guns from levels 21 through 30 were any better, even though they were the highest level yellow weapons, and the level 20 gun was just a blue level gun. There is a ring at level 16 or so that boosts mana, hit points and rage to such high levels that it would make no sense to replace it with any other ring no matter how high it's level was. I felt disappointment every time I picked up a yellow ring and had to sell it because there was no place to put it.There are a few spots where it is impossible to get through without dying, which really irks me. The situations are of the variety ""teleport into a setting with 20 guys 4 feet away from you, and if you try running there are 20 more guys 10 feet away in every direction"". I want challenges, but impossible situations are cheating.Other than those minor points, the settings are interesting and well done, the graphics look good, the game engine plays well, the enemy design is varied and challenging, and the music was addicting. I found myself turning the game on just so I could hear the main music play over and over again."
76561198064994337,Recommended,215530,10549787,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nomad,Graphics are beautiful an the world is extremely well done creating an enriching atmosphere... the voice acting is well done an so is the story... the game audio an music is extremely well done an creates an even deeper atmosphere for the game... the combat is smooth an flows well with the game an the amount of powers an special abilties you get along the way keep the combat fresh an entertaining... the controls once you get used to them are probably the best I have ever seen implemented in a ARPG an also help keep your attack an defense tactics flowing an unpredictable to enemies... the AI is done respectably well by being powerful an challenging enough that you will feel accomplished for defeating them an will not run through them like a lawn mower cutting grass... Solid 8.5/10 for me and well worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,215530,5983015,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,7/10
,Not Recommended,215530,10402949,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,fraterormus,"Would be a great hack'n'slash Diablo-clone game with witty banter and storyline if only it weren't for the frustratingly constant CTDs that lose your progress each time they occur.  Forums show many others having the same problem, and turning off Steam Saves did help significantly reducing the CTDs from every single time you made an area transition to once every 3 or 4 times, but that's still far too many CTDs that prevent you from enjoying an otherwise fun game. There were many other bugs that are unfixed in the game as well, but most of those have workarounds to resolve them in the Community Forums. I had decided to try to finish this game before buying the sequel, but never could finish because of the frequent CTDs, which honestly will keep me from buying the sequel. Truly sad because it was rather growing on me despite all the other bugs."
,Recommended,215530,1196835,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Xerius,Until they release a fix - Your progress is halted. Over all fun game. Just wait till its updated more.
76561198072334595,Recommended,215530,26821556,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H3rcu135,Best game ever!
76561198057600045,Recommended,215530,29483585,Posted: 25 January,all,thevibe27,"An ok RPG, nothing more. 7/10"
,Recommended,215530,8343148,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hayena,Awesome!
76561198060518343,Recommended,215530,8819869,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Supa-Troopa,"Served with a lovely ghost companion, charming steampunk atmosphere, fast-paced, knee-deep in adversaries combat and clever jokes/easter eggs this game got it title right.If you love arpg's — play that adventure. It's incredible."
76561198154174588,Recommended,215530,28869943,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Clayscoor,This is a great game for a fantasy lover! :D
,Recommended,215530,28817399,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,THEhawkMASTERofDOOM,"A diablo fan?, well this is another great alternative,"
76561198117281550,Recommended,215530,19431266,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Ethan.,fantastic for fans of diablo
76561198007170387,Recommended,215530,2426481,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,dante-26,суперр игруха всем рекомендую
76561197980569989,Recommended,215530,9197583,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Cutter,"It's really well done, but it just doesn't hook me. Wait for a good sale."
,Not Recommended,215530,35224555,Posted: 26 September,all,Red,"This game isn't terrible, but I still cant find myself to recommend it to anyone unless it's on a big sale.Pros:-Main characters' chemistry-Simple, yet deep customization-Fun storyCons:-Terrible voice-acting-Lack of item variety-Boring side-quests-Boring environments"
,Not Recommended,215530,22189650,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,I thought it was going to be great game. But it’s really alright game.
76561197972507226,Recommended,215530,587931,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,-Ghost-,"A surprisingly solid action RPG. It reminds me a lot of Path of Exile or Titan Quest, along with the original Diablo 2. The skill trees have a moderate amount of depth, along with a torchlight style companion and reputation system that allows you to select special perks to benefit your character.. Skill trees are basically split into your standard magic, ranged and melee skills, plus 2 active ""trick"" abilities and 2 passive ""tricks"". My only gripe about the skill system is that you only really get to use 4 abilities at once (thought you can swap them out on the fly), so that may be dissapointing to those who like long  action bars of skills. The loot variety is fairly good, though you'll be sticking with greatswords, dual swords, pistols and long-barreled guns. Armor/weapon appearences also change as you get different gear, which is always nice. At the moment it sounds like the developers are going to be adding a lot of new content, with a new level 30+ scenario mode added for players who hit the level cap of 30, along with coop (already in) and future content planned such as a New Game +. Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this game, I haven't finished it yet at this time, but I've so far enjoyed the hours I've put into it, both with a ranged character and a a melee build."
,Recommended,215530,16613532,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Yarg,Sort of diablo clone with rage and revolvers. Pretty fun at the begining but too boring later. Gameplay not changed during the game. Hours of mouseclicking on monsters. Recomended only for fans of hack-and-slash.
,Recommended,215530,6017145,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Pretty boi,Yup.
76561198102761464,Recommended,215530,8622311,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,JediKnightSky,"I have to say I really enjoyed my first play  through of this little gem of an ARPG. Honestly my only gripe was the somewhat forced linear progression of some areas and a lack of mob respawning mechanics or procedurally generated side quests dungeons to create a deeper more replayable experience for even a single character. This combined with a fairly short playthrough time left me feeling honestly abit annoyed considering Torchlight 2 when onsale as it so frequently goes and its huge workshop mod community makes it such a modern titant among ARPGs that should be considered by others developing in the genre.The fact you have to pay for various classes as DLC vs again TR2s active modder community and free classes to explore need to be kept in mind by would be rivals. Still I honestly didnt mind grabbing the DLC for this game as it did show enough potential I wanted to try and show all the support I could.The vibes this game gives off are honestly the best of the ARPGs Ive seen for a while. The voice acting, banter from your ghostly lady companion, the story over all has a fun factor I have to admit captured my steam punkish goth nature very solidly.To me the real hidden treasure is the eventual base you get to set up and the handful of defense events you get to enjoy. IMO these needed to be more frequent or something, the system though alot of fun to watch the creatures die in the traps  and think it would of been great to see there be a way to have endless invasion options at the end to add to extending the life of a given play through.Over all if you enjoy the various related genres, the ARPG genre, and enjoy a shorter playthrough game to see the end I totally encourage this game for a easy dif with hardcore on one and done play approach for each class currently out."
,Recommended,215530,8597855,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lokhaman,truly a great surprise! I honestly had more fun here than in diablo 3
,Recommended,215530,7839457,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Nedjo,This is probably most underated isometric H&S RPG on the market. A true hiden gem! Absolute recommendation.
,Recommended,215530,7857553,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Frost,VERY Good
76561198080845594,Recommended,215530,24209610,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,dawnite,One of the closest game to diablo I.Multiplayer works fine.
,Not Recommended,215530,8051774,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,happywalrus,"It's like a Diablo clone, but without proper Blizzard's polish.Quests are quite monotonous and all the same, doing all the side quests is dead boring. Storyline is hard to follow, you just run and slay hordes of enemies for almost no reason.And resource consumption is totally unoptimized. I've been playing every other game on medium or high settings without any problem and lag, but this game not only runs slow on low-medium settings but makes my monoblock PC trumpet like a plane taking off."
,Recommended,215530,7978228,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,WARLORD,"Great game. Has awesome potential as a franchise to grow. Played two weeks straight, kept going back with new cotent. Great Diablo Clone highly ranked among the ARPG."
,Not Recommended,215530,28578538,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jackli06,The game would constantly crash every few min. Otherwise it is pretty good
,Not Recommended,215530,7581249,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,trop tard,"bugs, bugs everywhere."
,Not Recommended,215530,7815652,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jake Gamerson,no hugh jackman
76561197993002732,Recommended,215530,24450388,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ORAA,loved it.
76561198033740499,Not Recommended,215530,9035843,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,exdisq13,"Frustrating, incredibly buggy game."
76561197982948377,Not Recommended,215530,9186894,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,AUH,The bugs make the game unplayable. You cannot beat the game because bugs. I don't think any of the reviewers actually played the game.
,Not Recommended,215530,13622885,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TMarchev,LOW!
,Not Recommended,215530,12672368,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Willow Huillow,"Almost from start it's going to be a ""Watch indicators and push the buttons with speed of light""-game. Rare loot and a bunch of revival spells - it's not what the hack'n'loot RPG should be. And ye, in a good bloodbath there're really almost no way to stay alive longer than revival abilities cooldown time. All what's good in game are h'n'l cliches. And well detailed character relationships and dialogues and jokes are not enough to cover the gameplay cons."
76561197996909601,Not Recommended,215530,10246959,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,carbonlife,"Weak controlls, confusing menus, overall flop, save your money, or, if you need a point and click action rpg fix, get torchlight 2, it's great."
76561198031370570,Recommended,215530,7820225,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Master Roshi,get it
,Not Recommended,215530,12144029,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,telopots,it's fun for 5 minutesthen you realize the default class is OP and the game is unbalanced and way too easyVIVE LA RESISTANCE
,Not Recommended,215530,24945317,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,GAB,"I'm not gonna spend much time on this review, mainly because I didn't like almost anything about this game. If you compare this to other genre like games, this one lacks a lot behind. If you're looking for a Diablo like game, well, it's kind of like it in some ways, but it doesn't get even close to the Diablo gaming experience. Not in game mechanics, not in graphics, not in sound or voice acting, I don't know about story telling becasue I din't bother to keep playing it. So, if you wanna judge for yourself, get it on sale, like for $5 or less if possible, not worth more than that."
76561198097022191,Not Recommended,215530,24725071,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Jimbafette,"This game looks worth it, till you actually play and find how broken the quest lines are if you want to play multiplayer.Not only have the dev's not released a patch to fix probs over 2 years old !  They then expect everyone with broken quests to send their saves to them for a fix ! Not at all good enough !These quest line probs should have been addressed with a patch ages ago ! So has turned me off this game for good will be asking for a refund !First time i have !Will not be getting the other games in this series as i hear there are similar probs with them too !Fix your game Neocore !!!!I will be treating anything with neocore attatched with caution in future !Game would be great if you could play with friends without bother !        Ok if you want to play sinle player !"
,Not Recommended,215530,9815189,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,cdnwolverine,A slightly above average Action RPG. I would rather play Titan Quest or Torchlight II again though.
,Recommended,215530,32955876,Posted: 28 June,all,lemit93,has portuguese from PORTUGAL 10/10
,Not Recommended,215530,9274422,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,schizosid,Watch identical clones of Van Helsing sift through piles of items for DLC-only characters and wait on loading screens.
,Recommended,215530,9352746,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,๖ۣۜKen†eLL,Get this game.
,Not Recommended,215530,23024977,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Double Royale w/ Cheese,I crashed more than I playedAlso... problems like this will occur:http://steamcommunity.com/id/DoubleQuarterPounderWithCheese/screenshot/441703405773417369
76561197991657927,Recommended,215530,1337155,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,MrMuse,"Excellent production standards in all areas make this one of the best ARPGs around. The story is engaging enough that you will play this to completion and some of the voiceover work is hammy in such a way as to make it amusing without being painful. Take a Diablo clone, inject a touch of Witcher atmosphere and this is pretty much what you get. The ONLY gripe I have is that area transition load times seem inordinately slow. Some have complained that it is too short but I would argue that it is more than worth its initial asking price. 90%"
,Recommended,215530,19964124,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Killa Fox ZA,"Loved the game, It playes exceptionally well with a gamepad."
,Not Recommended,215530,8424835,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,"This is a bad, bad, bad Diablo clone. There's nothing that says why it is different from Diablo. No original flair. No creativity, and that's what I was looking for in an action-RPG calling itself Van Helsing."
76561197980983887,Recommended,215530,883402,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Nadozer,Way better then diablo 3. Worth the 13.49$ plenty. Great Game.
76561198076566777,Recommended,215530,15927748,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,M!ckey --<-),Absolutely worth a try if you're into game like Diablo ( especially now when the franchise- pack is only 13€ ). :).
,Recommended,215530,7818555,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ExTemplar,Nice combat and funny companion
76561197992112271,Not Recommended,215530,16138379,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Angry,. . .
76561198067523875,Recommended,215530,9357632,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Wolfiii ( Akuri Sakamo ),§~?it's an incredible adventure of Van Helsing¿~§
,Recommended,215530,11488910,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,naomha,"Fantastic action rpg. Graphics are really nice, world is believable and writing is superb. Loot tables are fantastic and gameplay is wicked fun. It has a huge skill tree for both characters and the DLC add-ons are totally worth it. A lot of love went into this game and it shows. It is truely a diamond in the rough. For the low price I had gotten it for I, honestly, was not expecting this much fun. Great game. Looking forward to playing TIAoVH2."
,Recommended,215530,9349468,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,sssSPARTACUSsss,Van Helsing :D
76561197970937531,Recommended,215530,9350312,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[Judge] Crusher,Fun Diablo like game!
,Recommended,215530,9288046,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Boba_Fettish,"There have been worse Diablo Clones, but this is fun. Short, real short, but fun."
,Recommended,215530,9345787,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,godspeeeed,Under 10$ this is an amazing value for fans of action rpg with customization features.
76561198042721256,Recommended,215530,9344252,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,BlackBart[SLO],Extremely entertaning! I recommend it to anyone that likes ARPG. The soundtrack is also very good.
76561198030318643,Recommended,215530,9349023,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[EPCZ] Felching,Yes i recommend this game!
76561197974235220,Recommended,215530,9350339,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,[Han Solo],Diablo clone. really good game!! got some tower defense in there as well.brilliant!
,Recommended,215530,7826870,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Futilizer,"For the $14.99 that I paid for it, it's worht every penny.  Fun story, neat abilities, and several other features I adore occur in this game.  Buy It!"
76561198370894524,Recommended,215530,30536319,Posted: 15 March,all,Taylor,Let me be honest...This game is really fun.....im not really enjoying the 2nd or 3rd one...but this one is amazing.
,Recommended,215530,15643436,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,KB,"One of the most hilarious co-op games I have ever played! 10/10, wouldn't play again."
76561198092078135,Recommended,215530,7846496,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mudkip,Cool.Big Graphics and game quality but lots of bugs
76561197995211582,Not Recommended,215530,10354600,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,reterick,This game..... is a waste of time. Do not invest any of your time into this game....... Even if you see your time as worthless. This game still has bugs after all this time. Weak story. It's really not worth the money or the time put into it.
,Not Recommended,215530,9442747,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Son of Underscore,"My current setup can play most modern 3d games on medium or high, but for some reason this game makes my CPU and GPU burn up, The developers need to optimize this game before I can recommend it."
,Not Recommended,215530,25949763,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Junquenito,"Would have loved to play this game but despite my machine exceeding the listed OSX requirements, it would not play. I tried several methods others had reported working to get it to load (including renaming a file) but to no avail. I did not disable SIP as I do not feel a game is worth disabling system security protections so if you feel otherwise maybe you have other options that would work. Until the devs get it working for OSX, it should be removed as an OSX game. I can't recommend it specifically because it does not play for users who meet listed requirements."
,Not Recommended,215530,11272956,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Punished Vanhala,One of the worst games I have ever had the displeasure of buying. Four player co-op is supposed to be a big feature but as soon as you join a friend the game crashes 95% of time time. The gameplay is stale (even for the dungeon crawler genre). I would never suggest this game to anybody even if they payed you to play it.
,Recommended,215530,17543293,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,rindragon,
76561198057535528,Not Recommended,215530,6028561,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Giorgos,don't buy
,Not Recommended,215530,7745932,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,THE ENTIRE KEKISTANI REPUBLIC,"GREAT IDEA, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ EXCUTION.   WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY TO MANY BUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGS  TO LIST.   IF YOU WANT A GAME THAT WORKS, GO TO GRIM DAWN OR ANY OTHER NUMBER OF ARPGS,   THEIR ARE TO MANY OTHER GOOD ONES TO LIST.    i'm sure the DEVS are working somewhat to fix issues, but....i've not seen thtat many fixed.PROS:   KILLER voice work, great story, imersive enviroment,  bueatiful carnage, intersting proggresion and a interssteing pet/compaion.CONS:   BUGS!   OH GOD THE BUUUUUUUUUUGGGSSSS  (insert starship troopers refference here)    BUUUUUUUUUUGS."
,Not Recommended,215530,28981037,Posted: 3 January,all,nillihc,"Can't review the entire game because it crashes every 10 minutes (no exaggeration). My play time is close to 40 minutes and the game has crashed 4 times on me. I have the latest Intel processor (kaby Lake), with 16gb Ram, and an SSD. Minimum spec requirements is Intel HD4000 which is from 2013. I have that covered well. I've ran other games comparable to this one (e.g. Darksiders, NFSP Hot Pursuit, even Strider runs on this machine at very low fram rates, but it didn't crash).The best thing I can say for this experience is that I didn't pay full price; however, I should never have bought this game. It seems broken."
76561198071419613,Not Recommended,215530,26152832,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sparky mark phillips,-half my loot drops are for characters behind paid dlc are you joking?-normal enemies have unbalanced amounts of health taking way too long to kill.-multiple typos and also quest information saying 2 different things in several instances.i'm just glad i only paid $5 for this
76561197997941900,Not Recommended,215530,9816890,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,xxx RIP xxx,This feels like a wash down version of diablo 3...definitely not recommended...and the interface is kind of mess up...what a waste of money...zZZz
76561198097813158,Not Recommended,215530,12048237,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,[KRAG] Canterlot Royal Guard,"A cluster of poorly designed, poorly animated, and unexplained game mechanics that have no respect for source material, tactical logic or easy use. Painful to play and impossible to understand without delusions of enjoyment."
76561197981466214,Not Recommended,215530,23026877,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Luusika,"Somewhat fun for starters, seemed way more cool before buying and playing than it actually is. No idea if I even played it halfway through, so many other games to enjoy on Steam. In my books, unfortunately this is not worth spending your precious time on."
,Not Recommended,215530,23457843,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,joshua19691,"I have just recently purchased The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing - Complete Pack for £14.99 from the store. The main problem is that the game keeps crashing every 5-10 regardless of what I am doing. The specs for my pc are as follows: Windows 10 Home x64, Intel Core i5 4460T @ 1.90Ghz Quad Core, 8GB of DDR3 RAM, Intel HD4600 built-in. The screen is running at 1920 x 1080 @60 FPS. The settings are turned down to medium for most things and yet it still crashes for no apparent reason. With this in mind if this is not resolved I will be seeking for a complete refund."
76561198016130677,Not Recommended,215530,13961614,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pelechable,MP is not working. Absolut waste of money.
76561198016556641,Not Recommended,215530,12971793,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Volsund,Hideous controls playing it on PC with movement and 2 main attack spells being on mouse buttons so you probably need gamepad. Also thought perk/talent/skill system is unnecessary complicated. After each level up you have to put silly amount of skill/spell/perk etc points to urself and ur companion.Spell choices themselves seemed kinda awkward and a lot of them felt like offering to choose the visual instead of different playstyle.Liked that every quest is voice acted and the relationship between main character and his companion was also pretty entertaining.
,Recommended,215530,7760325,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Azrafael,
,Not Recommended,215530,9361383,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,YA BOIII,"The game is visually choppy, and just an all around uninspired Dungeon Crawler. The fact that this game costs money is downright blasphemy. I have never felt like I've wanted a refund from a steam sale until today."
76561198051433632,Not Recommended,215530,13399262,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Albert,This game has 20 hours worth of fun.
76561198062342208,Not Recommended,215530,14331355,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,make me scream like a gud girl,hey guys it's the boy you been wait forr kk js whats good is van brah21/10 wont play again. IGN
,Recommended,215530,7816891,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Doctor Edgelord,"You couldn’t pick up a guy at the gay barMale ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s wouldn’t take your moneyYou jerked off 8 times and ran out of your ownSo you broke into a sperm bank, you♥♥♥♥♥guzzling♥♥♥♥♥[Chorus 1:]You’re ♥♥♥♥ing gay, you’re ♥♥♥♥ing gayI only wrote this song to♥♥♥♥♥♥people off who are gay[x2]When you broke in, Rod Stewart had already beaten you thereLuckily you were both good friendsYou both sat around and drank 10 gallons of spermWhile listening to Los Crudos and watching Marilyn Manson videos[Chorus 2:]You’re ♥♥♥♥ing gay, you’re ♥♥♥♥ing gayIf you don’t like these lyrics, don’t buy our records you♥♥♥♥♥[x2]"
76561198018388672,Not Recommended,215530,9843148,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Muntch,Rena dyngan...
,Recommended,215530,23036831,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Piszozo,Good time killer
,Recommended,215530,23054263,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Prapor Kon',want to retry 20 times on 1 place? go thaumaturge
76561198115503663,Recommended,215530,7871903,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,EdgeLordMcEdgerson,A great action game where you slay hordes and hordes of never ending foes. The online is broken and that's a shame. It's a great game regardless especially when you have the special addition which includes more skills for katarina and two entirely new classes to battle the forces of darkness!
76561198027553869,Not Recommended,215530,17916866,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,some quests arent clear and dont show in the map  which renders game broken
,Not Recommended,215530,15886148,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Manhole Inspector,Surprisingly boring
,Recommended,215530,7393353,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Jon Bon Jovi,This is holy... Words cannot explain how extremely great and dramatic this game is.Buy. It. Now.
76561198004944485,Not Recommended,215530,10330937,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Bryce,Does not seem to work with Windows 8.
,Recommended,215530,8565805,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ford Wilson,very fun game very quick learning game just an all a round great game
,Recommended,215530,32212049,Posted: 5 June,all,sonyguy,doggy time
76561198054424801,Not Recommended,215530,26043469,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ThatGuy,"PlotFelt that the plot wasn't too pronounced during the entire gameplay experience, was quite confused at the end. It felt more like no-brainer progression. Adding onto that, the ending was quite abrupt and unexpected as I expected more but it's continued on on part II in which I haven't tried yet (and I don't really plan to due to its negative reviews)GameplayMovementGameplay was very smooth in general, felt that movement is rather odd if you were to move with a mouse as you can't really move and shoot at the same time, which makes attacking + defending quite choppy.CombatHowever, to make up for that, I appreciate the over the top swarms of monsters that can be slain through 1 single AOE attack which makes the experience quite satisfying.CompanionQuite liked the companion option as it allows you to stay behind a tank if you're planning on a ranged character (I played range). Adding onto that, companions allows you to sell items (almost) anywhere in the battlefield with the drawback that you give up her presence for 60 secondsInventoryFelt that the inventory management was pretty dang good considering it automatically optimizes inventory space as you collect more items, it even has a manual sort button there just in case. Your companion also helps in clearing up your inventory space by having a separate inventory space of her own (in which you can send her to sell items too)SkillsFelt that skills were a bit lackluster as compared to games nowadays, felt that they could expand more on the skill tree but I think it is just barely enough for completing the gameEnchantments/UpgradesSimilarly, quite lackluster, the enchantments and upgrades were... not too appealling, it's mostly basic upgrades like HP+, HP Drain, MP Drain, Elemental Damage etc. It doesn't really explore into more experimental elements that a hack & slash game could go with, but as I've said, the basic enchantments/upgrades should suffice for a basic game like this.BalanceContext: I played on Casual which is the defaultThe game scales to ridiculous difficulty amounts at further levels (found that after level 20 it becomes annoyingly hard to progress). Though there's a mode for you to farm equipments on with respawning monsters, you can only access it at levels higher than 27 (I believe). Kind of a bit too far away from the point where you'd normally get really frustrated.One example would be a monster that shoots a bomb, as a ranger, you'd expect yourself to have very little health if you weren't expecting these monsters; it deals immense damage, close to 80% of my health as a ranger and it basically OHKO's you at higher levels if you don't have (very) good armor and health.Well if you're a ranger can't you just shoot him down at long range?No, the problem is that, the area that the game lets you hit the monster is exactly the range of the monster, so you'd have to shoot and run. With the sloppy movement I find it really hard and annoying to kill these monsters, and I don't really even want to go into dealing 2 of these at the same time.Camera AngleOne of my biggest issues would be the camera angle.First of, the game doesn't allow you to rotate the camera at all, so you're kinda stuck with this 45 degree camera view all the time. The biggest problem is that there will be enemies coming at you from the bottom of the camera (in which is a blind spot), you wouldn't know what's hitting you until you go really close to them or you take a detour. As a ranger, it was a horrific experience most of the time.AudioVoice ActingVoices were on point, think it is better than that of most games even. The contents of the dialogue were well balanced in comedic value and seriousness, not too much of any in which I feel is a good composition.Sound EffectsComparing to games nowadays, sound effects here are subpar, if you're very picky in audio, you might find these a bit of a nuisance, but I managed to get over them.MusicMusic was decent, felt that there were some mastering errors here and there (some tracks felt quite muffled for some reason) but it is okay in potraying the mood at their respective positionsConclusion/TL;DRThough The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing has its better days in the past, it doesn't have the better perks of other similar games that are out right now.Think Torchlight II or Path of Exile would be a significantly better choice than this right now, Path of Exile is even freeAs of now, wouldn't really recommend it"
76561198012888466,Recommended,215530,17509016,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Faux Foe,An excellent arpg
,Recommended,215530,565819,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,MissingNO,"Despite the forums saying there are problems, I've had no technical problems with the single player mode, and find it to be a very polished, well acted and well made game with a good story."
,Recommended,215530,6516220,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,om3g4_z3r0,"Good game, deffinately an 8/10"
76561198161478969,Not Recommended,215530,34989084,Posted: 15 September,all,Rejector,"Plots seem too simple. The game is full of old patterns---revenges, killing enemies, improving levels. The resolution is not satisfactory accompanied with kind of blurry image. After getting into the ""city"", the scene of ""city"" is too dim and enemies are too ugly, which bring no fancy game experience. About the fight, too many hotkeys and positive skills make it a problem to combo in a fight although there is a ""combo set"". Comparing the different equipment is time-cost and brings boredom. Overall this game feels mediocre to me, even though some dialogues between characters seem amusing expect for the strange English accents!!!! Its 8.5 score seems unreasonable high to me."
76561198003433135,Not Recommended,215530,17306778,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Automator,Wow it's bad
,Not Recommended,215530,28300830,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Xile,"Multiplayer is broken, tried playing with two friends. Could not get past the mission where we had to defeat the drillworm. Due to the game crashing everytime we defeated him. Fun game, but plagued with bugs."
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,215530,25859867,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"When games like Torchlights II, Path Of Exile and Grim Dawn exist and give you FULL content for free, it's difficult to justify this game.They are better and offer more value, that's the sad fact."
,Not Recommended,215530,12414492,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Hamster Master,"This game should be called The Incredible Adventures of DLC Hell-sing. The first thing you come across when creating your first character are three classes - two of which are, of course, disabled unless you have bought the additional DLC. Fine, you select your hunter (as if you had ever wanted to play a guy with a tin can on his head) and venture forth into this wonderful world! You kill a few creatures, kill a few thugs and ding! - you have leveled up. Imagine the joy when you open the character tree and see that - is it even possible? - even some of the hunter's skills are disabled. Unless you've paid even more money for the game, that is. Yeah, no."
,Not Recommended,215530,24472598,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Mad Ventriloquist,"I do not reccomend this game on the basis of the boss fights, everything else is good in my estimation but as for the bosses there was far too much kiting required even early on and that put me off the game (made it to the drill worm).If you like ARPGs and being swarmed by countless minor enemies while trying to get a few hits on the bosses now and again I reccomend the game, if not, don't get this game."
,Recommended,215530,30161748,Posted: 25 February,all,Redrusty66,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing represents a solid action role-playing game, based on Bram Stoker’s legendary vampire slayer. It has a charming atmosphere in combination with an interesting storyline and lovely characters, set in a gothic–noir universe resembling the 19th century Eastern Europe, that is filled with original monsters, magic and weird technology."
76561198062606862,Not Recommended,215530,9864783,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Betmen,good game
76561197970538611,Recommended,215530,15922505,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Westenra,+Great action+Non-apologetic levels of gore+Solid skill system+Crisp graphics+Relaxing soundtrack+Cool vaudevillian cyber-medieval atmosphere+Huge maps full of enemies+that don't respawn+Less loot to deal with than similar games in genre (THANK YOU)+Inventive enemy design+Great voice acting+Plays by its own rules-Being chased back and forth across the map by ginormous OP mobs gets old quick-You have to hold shift or else Van Helsing will run up to the enemy instead of shooting it-DLC specific items shoved in your face on a regular basis-Useless crafting system makes no sense-New Game + is a broken joke-It's 2015 and people still password their online gamesGame In General: 10/10-3 for Broken New Game Plus (no replayability)Final Score: 7/10
,Not Recommended,215530,34086315,Posted: 7 August,all,Stranger Warkri,"First, it's a small developer so I gotta give credit where credit is due. The game runs solid, and not once did I get that ""it's an indy game"" feel, so I will be curious to see how the company grows from here... I might even jump ahead to VH3 since I got the series on sale.But alas, looking at it not as ""pretty impressive for a small dev"" and just as an experience on the whole, it's boring for a ARPG.What Diablo and Torchlight do right are pacing and style. They are sort of repetitive but in just the right way. Unfortunately Van Helsing is bland across the board and does nothing to differentiate itself. And unlike the EPIC enemies and locales of the previous mentions, the enemies here are kinda lame. I never had that ""woah, cool"" moment like I had numerous times in the Diablo series.You never get in small skirmishes, everything is just huge mobs attacking, so I found right at the beginning it's best to min/max your character into some sort of AoE spec, and have your companion tank. As soon as I started doing that the game went from really hard to really easy.Oh, and not that it matters much in a game like this, but the voice acting is cringe worthy."
,Recommended,215530,32891078,Posted: 27 June,all,Nope,Vampires.
76561198172644914,Recommended,215530,23047705,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,AXL D CHAN,"Hello Guys, I have a Problem in how to access this game after I update my Mac to El Capitan. Any Advice Please? Thanks... I love this game tho...."
76561198041012229,Not Recommended,215530,12814434,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Kecoey,"The game seems relatively fun.However, the humor is so unbelievably bad that I can't even get myself to play this game."
,Not Recommended,215530,8036724,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,johnweythek,GARBAGE needs updates and hotfixes every day to STILL BSOD my computer for the 1st time in months. What a crap piece of software.
,Not Recommended,215530,13516031,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,NeXuS23,"Becomes too boring after one Playtrough, also especially if you want get all Achievements its boring and there are not enough Enemy to kill, thats why i spend 177 Hours with this Crap to finally reach the 500'000 Kills.Because i was really bored already, i used a Wrench on the Controller to hold the Button down, positioned the Character to kill endless respawning Monsters in Front, for almost 24 Hours to reach the 500'000 Kills also because the Game became slower and slower because the Bodys was not removed, i was forced to use an Attack that desintegrate them, Boring, Boring, Boring!So i can only recommend it partially for one Playtrough, but there is no Replayvalue other than boring Grinds for the boring Achievements probably made only to artificially lengthen the Completion - BORING!Did i already mention this Game is Boring?Also the most Boring Thing is limited Storage, its only 4x your Inventory Space(with Perk), so you will spend alot of Time with boring sorting out good stuff to replace it with a little better stuff.I can't recommend it because i can't stand limited Storage in Games where Loot is a Core-Component.I hardly managed to put all my Epics i got into the Storage and there was no Duplicates, so Storage is defintely too small. Period.And Games with limited Storage like this, will get an automatically ""Not Recommended"" by me, from now one. Period.Also there is another Thing that made it even more boring, there was a Sort of Badass-Points Thing like in Borderlands, where you was able to spend Points in and those Buffs would then be for all Characters - a Thing that would mean some Replayvalue after all, but, but ... but they removed it in an older Update, so it doesn't worked anymore by the Time i got the Game, and so there is also no Replayvalue anymore. Period.Also there are Bugs, it says full Controller Support, but this isn't true!Some Skills, Auras and Stuff can only be set with Mouse and this means you have to unplug the Controller and restart the Game to set the Skills, Auras and Stuff and then plug back the Controller and restart the Game again - soooo Boring!!!It should really be called:The Incredible Boring Adventures of Van HelsingAnd because i also got both of them in a Pack, i have to finish the other too, hope it's less Boring to finish it else it's the last Game from Neocore i bought for sure."
76561198012218021,Recommended,215530,18052779,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BillyH,Very Very well made.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As all ways wanna see what games I am playing now then follow and view my stream @twitch.tv/spitroasted
,Not Recommended,215530,11422703,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Apheon,IT'S LIEK DIABLO 2 BUT EVEN MORE BORING AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LIKE MY SPECIAL COUSIN WALTER
76561198043350889,Not Recommended,215530,21248576,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Aisar,"Didn't do much for me.  I guess I am spoiled by my love for the Diablo series dating back to the release of Diablo 1.  Played better, been there, done that."
,Not Recommended,215530,25964951,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Morgus,"Okay, I can't really decide whether I for or against this game and I have valid reasons for that.First of all, as soon as you start the game there is already a in-game microtransaction thrown in your face (actually two of them) and this is if you want to change you character class (mage, hunter etc.) and I don't agree with that at all, you should be able to choose what class your character is without having to pay for it (DLC).The second thing about this game is the voice acting, It may or may not just be me but the voice acting in this game infuriates me, it's not that it's bad, it's just that there is clearly no effort put into the voices nor the dialogue, it is barable but that it one of the main reason why I stopped playing this game and requested a refund (I know it's a stupid reason but every player has their critism about a game and each player is different).Also, this game, oh my, it is UNBELIEVABLY hard, even on the 'normal' difficulty or I may just be complete♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game lmao..Another thing, the mechanics. Now i've played a few MMORPG games, such as, 'Path of Exile' 'Diablo 2-3' and I know what to expect when it comes to in game mechanics. The movement of your character is clunky, boring, slow and just confusing, controlling your character isn't as smooth as you'd like it to be and the skill tree, points, leveling system are absolutely rubbish. The game doesn't explain them in enough detail for you to completely understand them, basically throws you right into the deep end expecting you to understand it all as soon as you start playing.Now on to the good things about this game, the storyline, meh, I wouldn't say it's bad but it isn't the best MMORPG storyline I've ever played, gets really boring after about 1hr and a half and the combat system is great, exactly what you'd expect from an MMORPG game such as this.That's practically it, this game isn't worth the full price of £10.99, I got it in the sale at £2.74 and I still don't think it is worth it. If you're thinking about getting this game, check out 'Path of Exile' it is pretty much the same game but with a different aspect..also, it's free ;)!So unfortunately, i'm going to have to give this game a thumbs down, some people may or may not agree with my review but I think a lot of people do."
76561198033561008,Not Recommended,215530,26425927,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CowMeat,"This game is good- if it works.  Multiplayer was unplayable for me  because my friends and I were frequently disconnected.  Currently, I can't even start the game.  The developers did not spend enough time fixing bugs before they made sequels."
,Not Recommended,215530,12981971,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,bee on your hat,the australian accent annoys me
,Not Recommended,215530,12869424,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Lord Maximus Murdok,"If this game would actually load set up screens, and you know....work. That would be really swell. So far, I haven't been able to get this to load on my Mac ( 2013 PB ) or with Windows emulated on the Mac, on my beefy Dell 690, or my win 7 gaming system. I like the concept, the clips on steam are nice. But for me, it's useless so far. Sure would like any suggestions anyone has on getting this to work. Support is useless of course, since they treat everyone like they just learned how to turn a computer on prior to asking support a question. Then, I might change my opinion."
,Recommended,215530,4585812,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,bobrodobro,"10 из 10! НУ ВЫ ПОНЕЛИ!Катарина - ну просто душечка! Озвучка чудесная, графон радует глаз, отсылки всюду и море их, сеттинг свежий, а механика прокачки на удивление интересна, море возможностей для крафта и возможность респеков, что вообще хороший тон нынче. Юморок и общая атмосфера не дают заскучать, играется на одном дыхании.Потрясающе приятная игра за смешные бабки в день релиза. Игра полностью отрабатывает каждую копейку."
,Not Recommended,215530,12044935,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"There's really nothing incredible about this game... It should be renamed to the mundane, boring, been done before adventures of some guy who looks like Van Helsing. It's been patched more times than Diablo 3 and D3 is still a much better game than this... which is a sad thing to even admit.Near the end I had to just stop playing it because it turns from a Diablo clone ARPG to a lame tower defense game that completely sucks the life out of you..."
,Not Recommended,215530,32716285,Posted: 24 June,all,Wormri,"I feel like I'm the only one having difficulties with this game.It's sluggish, it's tough, and while I do appreciate most of the elements introduced in it, and the abundance of enemies, it's just too crowded and hard to control."
,Not Recommended,215530,28701258,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cyber_Donkey,"It's not the game for me. Not even worth the $6 I paid for it, and the DLC. I don't understand why it has such a positive rating. Yes, the hours on record are correct. I only gave it half an hour's review.Edit: I played the game for half an hour. That's all I needed to determine I didn't enjoy the game. The max you can play a game before asking for a refund is 2 hours, I believe. I didn't ask for a refund. I didn't ask for a refund because, as it's been pointed out, I didn't research the game before I purchased it. That was my mistake, and I paid for it ($6). But my use of this feature is not improper. Had I done research, I wouldn't have liked the game anyway. It wouldn't have changed that. And I would have told people 'I don't like this game'. Since I did buy the game, I have access to this feature, and I used it. There are no facts here, this is opinion. Whether or not a game is good, is subjective."
,Not Recommended,215530,31739518,Posted: 13 May,all,Noah Tarl,มอนสเตอร์ไม่เกิดใหม่ ฟาร์มเวลไม่ได้
,Not Recommended,215530,24579241,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Waswat,I believe i got 4 crash to desktop issues in 40 mins... This needs some serious fixing.
,Recommended,215530,10859402,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JeffTheNoodles,Best monster hunter rpg of all time :D easy to get achievements and im inlove with lady katarina :3
76561198092802767,Not Recommended,215530,24565008,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dr Dave,"Not too fun, feels very robotic"
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,215530,25933006,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"BUYERS BEWARE! There are alot of issues and bugs with this game, in terms of technical status, it IS unfinished.I really wanted to enjoy this game, I really enjoyed Victor Vran so I was interested in The Adventures Of Helsing, despite the recent horrible reviews, I decided to give it a shot anyways. Boy, am I sorry I did! From te moment it booted up and I went to the video options to configure everything, I noticed that the most common and standard resolutions (1080p to 4k) were missing when using Direct X11. However, when I switched to Direct X9, those resolutions were suddenly available. Theere are 'guides' to try to find a 'solution', by creating CustomResolution.Cfg text file in the games local files, however none of things have worked for me or other people who have had this problem with the game. Actually it made the game worse, now textures were missing and the bugs within the game seemed to be magnified.Since that didn't work, I was told that I had to re-install Dirext X11, so I did. Nothing happened, perfmormance stayed the same, next the dev told me to try it on a different monitor to see if that helped so I ended up trying it on 3 different monitors and 2 different pc's, both pc's being pretty strong in specs. Nothing changed, I think the developer knew that none of tis would really help... as others before me seemed to have this problem and never got the issue resolved.Finally, I reached out to the community, someone told me that the problem wa son my end, which is pretty ignorant considering that (a.) I rarely have any problems with games - when I do, they're easily fixed (b.) Other people are having this problem, not just me. THen they told me that I should re-download the game 3 times - as if the game had some sort of superstitious ritual to make it work correctly. Let's look for a second at how ridiculous this is getting.Needless to say, I refunded the game and won't be trying it again... ever. I spent nearly an hour of trying to fix this game and running in circles like a chicken with my head cut-off. I've done .ini and compatability altering for games before, so I knew what I was doing, but this... GETTING THIS GAME TO WORK WAS THE REAL MONSTER I WAS TRYING TO SLAY! The poor optimiaztion and lack of ease of use made this a bad experience. I couldn't recommend this to anyone, even at the low price of $3.74, save your money for a game that actually works the way it should and supports your desired resolution.Yes, I know that it works right for some of you fanboys out there but there are far more people having problems with this game and I'm not just talking about the horrible Mac build, I'm on Windows! Git gud developers or go home!"
,Not Recommended,215530,12441351,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"The game looks Good. But i bought this game 100% only for CooP. Im fan of Coop mode, i prefer Coop mode. And this mode doesnt work in this game...........what bothers me the most?The Developers. They dont help you, I asked them on their forum about this problem with Coop. They asked me, what platform im using and That´s all... That´s END from DEVS. Already im waiting around 39 days and still nothing, no fix no solution. I payed 10 euros for this game and no really i will not play this game in singleplayer. Well Im so angry already and probably this is  last game from NEOCORE DEVS. I can´t believe them. These guys are not the right Devs. Just my opinion, 39 days and still i must write them to they did something already.Summary:Lazy Developers= Broken game. Thumb down for me."
76561197993201325,Not Recommended,215530,29725033,Posted: 5 February,all,PornDaddy,"Absolutely efffing unbalanced as hell, this has never been resolved, thank♥♥♥♥♥there are trainers so you can balance things out yourself....crashes galore, thanks again not to the developers but to the community for offering fixes. The only thing great about buying this game is being certain I will not buy the sequels....story wise....basically just a rolling wave shooter/slasher with no real point so could not wait to complete. Avoid if you want a quality story and reliable co-op experience, this is not worth your time even if thrown at you for free, give it to someone you hate."
76561198086860104,Not Recommended,215530,23212139,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Alex,"the van helsing voice acting is like someone reading a story book to you with a monotone.mage has some cool spell, while the hunter can only swing his sword which looks absoluly stupig and boring...i fall asleep on keyboard while playing this game"
76561197981275367,Not Recommended,215530,30845681,Posted: 30 March,all,csofredvega,THE GAME IS AAWWWWFFFFULLLLL!!!!!! MADE A MISTAKE AND PURCHASED ALL 3. NONE OF THEM OPEN IN STEAM!!!! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!! LET THEM FIX IT FIRST AND THEN DON'T BUY THROUGH STEAM!!!!
76561198030742340,Not Recommended,215530,29056436,Posted: 6 January,all,Half_Red,very badit doesn't launch on mac !and the support doesn't care !!
,Recommended,215530,20693440,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,Finally an ARPG with WASD or controller options.What's not to love?
,Not Recommended,215530,33695302,Posted: 21 July,all,ToRaBoRa,"TIAoVH is a low spec version of Grim Dawn. Almost similar! But this game look so unbalance. 2.7 hours of played, lost so many coin at the beginning of level. Man, i choose normal difficulty just for enjoy RPG game cause i am new in RPG genre. First time try to play RPG game is Torchlight 2 and Grim Dawn. Both are fun, competitive and balance. easy for the beginning of level and its getting harder if your level is up and so on. But this game is meh, I only enjoy graphic and a few gameplay + this game can play on my laptop not like a Grim Dawn that can only be played on my mid-end computer. That's my opinion for this game, Sorry when i comparing this game with other games. Only for good feedback for developer."
76561198025244023,Not Recommended,215530,28240058,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,mjbristow,"If you are on a Mac, do NOT download this game. You will have to scour the support forums and play around in the program files just to get it to launch at all, after which you will be rewarded with additional graphic and sound issues. Unplayable."
76561197972805184,Not Recommended,215530,9277485,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TICO,The Incredible Adventures of bad gaming
,Not Recommended,215530,24511189,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheBurningBullet,"I really like with ow much ive played with the skills and items and stats but the shear number of enemy is over welming and u have to kite soo much, once katarina dies u have to just run, i ended up always runing then waiting to use a fireball spell and i sould up the dmg 3 times with rage then use it and just run and run til i can use, also katarina says somthign about a healing pot dont get how im suppose to help her with that. (getting a refund) just gonna play diablo 3 more."
,Not Recommended,215530,30694477,Posted: 23 March,all,Felix,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is a mildly fun medieval style RPG that doesn't take itself too seriously.  Call me a ""filthy casual"" if you will, but that sort of bugs me because it takes me out of the game a little bit. For example, the town portal system is called a ""wishing well"" a.l.a. Harry Potter with their magical fireplaces. So they make a joke about it saying that it is a fake & they should just call it a teleporter. I'm trying to get really into my medieval fantasy world here, guys! Why would you crack these little inside jokes like that. I get sort of a campy ""Monty Python comedy sketch show"" vibe from it. That is not a bad thing but it's just a different mentality I suppose. There is a character who you interact with who has a ""never lose"" mentality in this game. I get that it's a campy, sort of kooky kind of game that is just having fun with it. I just think of Van Helsing as a title that is for kids or perhaps young teens, as it is not serious enough. Like the Animorphs book series by K.A. Applegate, it is ""kid stuff.""A positive aspect of the game is that it is sort of along the lines of Diablo II or Diablo 3 but is set in 1700's Transylvania, instead. That is well & good but for a guy who has a couple hundred hours into D2 & a hundred or two into D3, that doesn't cut anything & doesn't seem impressive or convincing in the least. Basically this game is a disappointment if you are looking for some sort of alternative to the Diablo franchise of RPG games from the company Blizzard, Inc, but better. I suppose it is ok for what it is. Not a popular game. I play a swashbuckling gothic pirate type of person who swoops through the scene every month or so & kills all the rats & evil spiders & such.Final conclusion can be summed up thusly: ""Meh, it's OK."" Not really a showstopper or barnburner or ""game that changed the WORLD forever"" or anything like that. The graphics are a bit old. I haven't played a whole lot of the game. 6/10 would buy but only if it were HEAVILY discounted & there was nothing going on on a Saturday afternoon or Friday evening after working the ol' day job. It does go good with a Starbucks Latte, so that's something I guess. Visiting ASU there in AZ at the moment. On second thought, now that I think about it, save your money. DON'T buy Van Helsing!"
,Not Recommended,215530,30527090,Posted: 15 March,all,WokeDoggos,"Bugs, glitches, horrible voice acting ruined a nice idea, nice graphics and somewhat nice mechanics. I'd advise not to spend your money any of the games in this franchise on full price, and if you are here to buy it on a discount, go buy something else on a discount, not this."
76561198006662473,Not Recommended,215530,12501505,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,[LB] Swordfish,"There are better A-RPG out there, try Titan Quest for a really good one."
,Not Recommended,215530,28453978,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,wastelanderone,Only play this if you enjoy dying over and over and over again
76561198039455517,Not Recommended,215530,24284219,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Koala,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing slow it could nearly be round based. Played it with 1 hand.
,Not Recommended,215530,33822286,Posted: 26 July,all,Bane One Ear,"Does not work! You have to hack the install files to get it to even load. The dialog boxes are all white, which makes it pretty much unplayable. I'm surprised this hasn't been fixed yet, considering the maturity of the game. Neocore have clearly given up on the Mac version."
,Not Recommended,215530,33119518,Posted: 2 July,all,Azazul,It's an incredibly boring and frustrating game.
,Recommended,215530,610894,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Bacon Overlord®,Diablo/torchlight-esque gameplay with isometric dated graphics.  I found it very repetitive about 30 minutes into the game.If this goes on a deep sale it might be worth checking out.
76561198109874008,Not Recommended,215530,32065955,Posted: 30 May,all,[NaCl] Maelstrom,In a nutshell: not recommended.Reasons:-chock-full of glitches-ridiculously childish and tropey dialogue-poorly-written and unoriginal story-very disorganized GUI-not sayng anything much else because I quit after maybe thirty minutes of playing this abomination... and it looked so good too
,Not Recommended,215530,34779742,Posted: 6 September,all,waelhadaya,"From my humble experience with this game it’s nothing but a copy and paste from Diablo III, hence it came out right after Diablo III for some reason, it’s a poor man’s Diablo III.The whole game felt cheap to me, the graphics are cheap and is really not easy on the eyes, the level gap is so small that you are not encouraged to level up as much as you can because you might hit the gap very early in the game (level gap is around 30 I believe).The mechanics are okay, again copy and paste from Diablo III, but the spells and combos are made so cheaply that it’s really hard to differentiate them visually, it’s a big turn off for me, I think the only positive thing in my experience was the music, and that’s it.I spent 3 hours playing this game, couldn’t continue afterward because I was bored because if the cheapness fell to the game and unmotivated because I hit like half of the level gap in these 3 hours, this game is below average at best, it gets a cheap 4 out of 10."
76561197985488605,Not Recommended,215530,24605768,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ElQuebecois,god damn that this game is booring.
76561198089092853,Not Recommended,215530,26237201,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dippies,"wont work on macbook, tried downlading twice :/"
,Not Recommended,215530,25576766,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mapleground,maps number is little.
,Not Recommended,215530,24494874,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Grand Dad,get diablo 3
,Recommended,215530,30281389,Posted: 2 March,all,SaltyKiddd,random gift
76561197979382479,Recommended,215530,7828913,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Atomic Cowboy,"Fun game with a decent story. The RPG element isn't that deep and the DLC isn't really worth it, but for 5 bucks you'll have fun running through the different levels and listening to the quips between the protaginist and his femme fetale sidekick."
,Recommended,215530,7829398,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Phlebiac,If you like Diablo 3. Then you should buy this. It's almost the same. But only with the tales of van Helsing.
,Recommended,215530,7829667,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Er|`koenig,Great graphics. Very indepth skill tree and player power point chart. Super fun for a steal of a price. Im shocked on how cheap of a game this is. Must buy if you liked Diablo 2.
,Recommended,215530,2893635,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,cumanzor,"It's like Diablo I, but with a level design like Diablo 3 and with the gameplay of Torchlight 2. The ghost partner is really cool, 100% better than torchlight dog, graphics 10/10, sound 10/10"
,Recommended,215530,7833907,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,JordyPixel,I got this game and was supper amazed by how much fun it is! Totally worth the buy!
,Recommended,215530,7840446,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Rhoedd,This is unexpectedly a lot of fun.
76561198028125343,Recommended,215530,7843449,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Knightedrik,"If your a fan of Torchlight 1 and 2 or Diablo, then you will love this game."
76561197961784226,Recommended,215530,7843822,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sahyun,"Decent game, mix between Diablo and Patch of Exile. Awesome music."
,Recommended,215530,7357727,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Dr. Strange,"Top down action games are not usually something I choose.  However, every time I saw this game, it seemed intriguing to me and I must admit that I really like the cover art. (Not a reason to buy a game, I know) When I read some reviews to try and find out what it was like, it seemed that everyone was disatisfied with it.  However, when I finally got it and started to play, I find that I really like it a lot.  Plus, no suprise, but everything that those reviewers didn't like, I like.  They complained about the leveling system, how convoluted it was and that most of the skills were meaningless.  Well, anyone who has played the later FF games will feel right at home here. All of the skills and perks are interesting and well balanced so that you really have to think about what you want to choose or level up.  The game did seem really hard at first.  But, once I learned to play it properly (meaning to use all the tools I am given) then it became much more engrossing and fun.  Another reviewer complaint was the humor in the game.  There is a lot of really dry, tongue in cheek banter between Van Helsing and his ghostly companion.  I really like it and it never reaches annoying levels.Finally, there is a lot of detail in the game and you can zoom in far enough to actually be able to appreciate it.  Visually, all of the locations are exceptionaly well created.  The level designs are also well laid out with huge amounts of detail.  There are a mondo amount of items that can be used, exchanged, modified, crafted and so on.  So, as you can tell, I really like it a lot.I have not really found an engrossing story yet, but I feel I still have a lot to play.  Also, sometimes, the other voice actors can be pretty extreme.  But those two things are really minor as far as I am concerned.So, you might pick it up when you are in the mood for that kind of game."
,Recommended,215530,1483530,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,aldyr,"Addictive, fun, a little comedic banter, and a refreshing back-story. If you like RPG's, you really should play this game ;-)"
,Recommended,215530,7342223,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Felix,"My expectations were low yet I was pleasantly surprised, I actually enjoyed this game more than I thought possible! Recommendation: when on sale, BUY, BUY, BUY! 3/5"
,Recommended,215530,765928,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Uileat,"Very good Diablo Clone.  Excellent setting and story, and I really enjoy the ghost sidekick.  I'm really glad I picked this one up."
,Recommended,215530,7835111,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,rondfranks,This is really fun.  Better than Diablo III IMO.
,Recommended,215530,7836195,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Neros,"Some cool concepts, though the gameplay was a bit lacking in variation, you only need 1 or 2 attack spells and you can cruise through the game on hard. If you like ARPG its good, otherwise you may be better off with Diablo or Torchlight."
,Recommended,215530,7837474,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Rezon8r,Fantastic game. Lots in in-depth customization and great storyline. Can't wait to get farther into this one.
76561198021239495,Recommended,215530,10162747,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Kory_333,Nice old-school hack'n'slash RPG with modern graphics. May be not the brightest representative of the genre but exceeds my expectations.
76561197997557701,Recommended,215530,10552313,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,iNfLiKtOr,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is a Diablo like game with an isometric view and a compelling storyline. The graphics are very well done and the actual gamplay is stellar. All in all well worth the money, buy it and enjoy."
,Recommended,215530,10726029,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ender,"pretty cool game, i would reccoment for anyone that enjoy's the diablo or torchlight series."
76561198046938940,Recommended,215530,10729157,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Grinfucked,"Best RPG single player that I've played yet, once mechanics are learnt it just becomes a whole new game. Really enjoyable and quite addictive. 9/10 imo, Just too much fun."
,Recommended,215530,10700521,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,REASON,"This game is a joy to play, with it's stunning visuals and smooth gameplay, you unlock it's many achievements and go on a fantastic adventure when you play: ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing"". On a path of adventure, danger, and treasure, you must fight your way through hordes of enemies, and creative bosses. Slay evil creatures and find loot to make your character more advanced in skill and experience. Level up your hero, unlock new skills, and buy new weapons as you set out on an adventure of a lifetime. I personally, haven't gotten too far in the game, and although it's challenging, it's a joy to play, and I find myself coming back again and again. I strongly reccomend it to those that love RPG's and adventure."
,Recommended,215530,2434049,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,BucketOfNuggets,Awesome game!
,Recommended,215530,10586604,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,doravonwulfe,it'll do.
,Recommended,215530,10613295,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,baka1236,Really awesome Action RPG. Highly recommended. I feel it's better than vanilla Diablo 3
76561198082364032,Recommended,215530,10011040,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,reed21868,"THE GOOD:FANTASTIC voice acting and writing  (Absolutely one of the highlights of this game)Characters actually feel like characters and not like bricksmusic is greatKatarina is AWESOME, totally fell head over heels for her  (useful in combat, witty companion, can be sent shopping)crafting system is easy and simple to useControlls are all fine, no issues that I could noticePlenty of abilities/skills, room for progession and making your own skill setUI is easy to navigate, standard fare for anyone who's played an ARPGPerfectly pretty to look at unless you're a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥some fun little easter eggs, classic indie easter egg attitudeart style fits Van Helsing pretty well, COULD be a bit darker but it's fine***fits that need for an ARPG for someone who's not into Diablo 2 and needs something less ""hardcore"", the loot collection is perfectly fine/great for the people I'm talking about, and the style of diablo 2 and path of exile is depressing for me and it's very hardcore compared to this, this game is more for everyone who HASN'T gotten into diablo 2 (not touching on 3, havn't played it and heard it's very different than 2)THE BADThis game has a VERY abrupt ending when I still felt like I was ready for a lot more of the game (NOTE:this will be partly influenced by how much you like it, but it's still short regardless)There are a good number of enemy types, but at a certain point around halfway or so through they start to blend together a bit cause they're all mutants and stuff, sort of felt like they were a little too similarsome screen tearingthe tower defense mini game is ""allright"", maybe ""good""you might feel a bit unattatched to the story, feels a little limp cause the game's so short. ""Hear about bad♥♥♥♥♥♥in the city, go there to take care of any evil business, fight stuff to get to the evil scientist doing it all"" might not cut it for you but part 2 should flesh it out a bitonly 3 classes and 2 of them are dlc, didn't bother me but I'll list it as a negative just to let everyone knowMORE OBJECTIVE SCORE :  7.5/10PERSONAL SCORE : Had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun with this, about 100 hours, gasped and said ""OHO♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and preordered immediately when I saw part 2 is coming later this month, 10/10 would absolutely recommend if you're looking for an ARPG and don't judge the genre with Diablo 2 or PoE as a benchmark"
76561198000313295,Recommended,215530,10077273,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Taalon,This is a GREAT game!!! Highly recommended!!
,Recommended,215530,10077967,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,KingCrimson,"Mindless slaying with hack and slash elements throughout. Wield duo pistols and swords, so that's pretty rad"
,Not Recommended,215530,9141579,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Zintix,"the combat isn't really rewarding, the combat/skill tree is  a bit merh, might give this game another chance see how it does in the later stages"
76561198011977898,Recommended,215530,2744290,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Tian,"the GOOD adventures of Van Helsing, it wasn't incredible for me. All in all, i think it is a enjoyable game with some good places, weapons, skills, lines, and your lady deliverer is a pushline of whole games. However, weak SFX makes me weak when i went to melee attack, also, the STORY is a bit short for a CLICK-FESTS game.IF game update it to latest, it might be INCREDIBLE."
,Recommended,215530,8940424,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,juggalonumber27,"This game I picked up on a whim, and it turned out to be one of my, if not my absolute, favorite dungeon crawlers ever! The combat is visceral and has loads of impact and tons of play styles. Creature designs are interesting and varied. The loot system rains equipment upon you as frequently as the gore of your fallen foes.Graphically, for a 3/4 view dungeon crawler, this game looks fantastic! Character models are noticeably detailed and the environments look great. I'd say they are on par, and in some places, better than Diablo 3. Sound design is fantastic as well. The voice acting, while sometimes almost purposely cheesy, is very well done. The music, while not memorable, is not BAD. It just often gets drowned out by screaming and explosions. Story is decent as well. Not the games strong point, but no one plays dungeon crawlers for the story. However, I will say the story is significantly better than most I've played.Has several multi-player modes, but I haven't had the opportunity to play them, so I can't say how they are.The game has 2 glaring down sides, neither of them deal breaking:1 - I don't know if the game is optimized poorly, or what, but when you start the game, there is a very long pause, almost as if the game has frozen. There is no indication that anything is loading. After the first time it isn't an issue, but initially, it's jarring.2 - A similar problem happens with the loading screens. It takes quite a while for the loading ""bar"" to start to fill and the whole screen just reeks of ""frozen game"". I've nearly Alt+F4 many times because I assumed it had frozen.Only other bad thing I can think of is the game is pretty short. A max level cap of 30 and a 10 hour campaign feel prematurely ended. I wanted more of this game very badly, but for $15, I can't complain to much. I will definitely keep an eye out for Neocore games in the future"
,Recommended,215530,8973561,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,J. Wänkerström,I really enjoyed the twentyish hours I put into this game ( altho for some reason after killing the last boss it didn't trigger the ending cutscene ). Tried to start from beginning with the neverending story mode but didn't really feel like playing it through again. So the replayability isn't that good and I don't consider buying the DLC. I still recommend this game to all of you ARPG fans out there :)
76561198016443599,Recommended,215530,9099837,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Marma,"Pretty short, but quality of content is very good. The game is pretty much like a one giant easter egg :)"
76561198047012587,Recommended,215530,9665518,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,drakken75,"great game! only complant I have is that when I finished it I wanted more, and I think I'm not alone in thinking that. Now just to wait for the next installment!"
76561198029235381,Recommended,215530,9228625,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Chiba,"I'm playing offline so my hour count is wrongPROS+refreshing setting and lore+lady Katarina is an awesome character+fun combat+dark styleCONS-lack of customization (all armors and gear look basically the same)-stutters even on high end systems, playing offline helps the frame rate-Van Helsing is the only character playable without DLCOverall great game, more than recommended"
,Recommended,215530,2599143,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,HJC86,"If you liked Dungeon Siege (incl. Legends of Aranna) you might want to give this a go. Only one character to command. And the ghost, you can order he what to do... Assist, defend, attack. And in which way: melee or ranged. Or just let her be the ghost / package assistant. Very nicely done art / style. Love it (after just 30 min. of play)."
76561198056705263,Recommended,215530,9236077,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MAE,Good game...
76561198058187608,Recommended,215530,9817956,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Trencher_1375,"A fun and fast game.The diablo clone games are a favorite genre of mine and The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing does not disappoint.Fast action, lots of cool monsters and a fun story filled with great voice acting and amusing dialogue both from the main character and his trusty side kick the ghost Katarina.This game has a lot of great style and the soundtrack is AMAZING! Very fun game."
,Recommended,215530,9819480,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,interstellarshadow,"Was the Diablo series one of your favorite games in the early 2000's? Do you like steampunk? Gothic monsters? Parodoxical references to literature and pop-culture? If any--or, especially, all--of these questions have a positive answer, this game is for you. It features witty voiced banter between a monster hunter and his ghostly companion, levels of damage that could be considered ""Too Damn High"" and quite an array of interesting monsters. The main storyline is about 15-20 hours long, depending how effecient you are at killing things, filled with traditional hack-and-slash murder, plus a couple tower defence scenarios. While the story is a bit short, there are scenarios for higher-level players, with bigger and better loot, and also a never-ending story mode, which starts you back at the beginning, just with tougher monsters, better items, and even moar damage.If you're looking for a ARPG with good replay value, decent mechanics, and some cool gimicks, this is the game for you. (Even more so because of its price tag. $20 for the game +all dlc)"
,Recommended,215530,9681333,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,azriel_gadd,"Brilliant game, get it, play it, love it!"
,Not Recommended,215530,9740091,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Ghregore,The Incredible (Short) Adventures of Van Helsing is an average title in a suddenly crowded ARPG genre and despite its good characters and theme is too short an adventure to recommend.
76561198019072548,Recommended,215530,9781016,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Nitro Snickers,"Remember back in the 90s when you would still discover new things about the characters you played halfway through the game? The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing takes you back to those days. The skill-and ability systems are layered and complex and will require you to think them through and test them out thoroughly. Even on normal mode, this game is a challenge, even more so when you are joined by friends.For some players this complexity will be a turn-off, but for others it will be a welcome challenge.Great design, over-the-top but funny voice-acting and a nice challenge for those who wish it."
,Recommended,215530,9783789,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,"A2, 2B, 9S","Incredible game, would had love it, if there was more side mission and a longer story mission. Overall it great."
,Recommended,215530,2147473,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,"Laurence ""The Demon"" Willcock",One of the best action rpgs I've played in a long time.
76561197990077562,Recommended,215530,1249908,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,HunAttila,i like this game lot beter ten Diablo3
76561198074707919,Recommended,215530,9091634,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,itayamir1,"Nice dailogs, old fashion graphics, for diablo's gaming style hard fans only"
76561198066955331,Recommended,215530,9096336,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,stonejericho2000,THis game made me♥♥♥♥♥all over the place while the star-spangled banner played in my head. I came like when a stoner does drugs and sees halluicinations of drugs doing drugs that are doing drugs. So it's pretty good I guess
,Recommended,215530,9071423,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Thief Thirty-nine,"Let's get the negative over and done with. This game is a little glitchy, and some of the voice acting is comical.Still with me? Good! Because the world is interesting, the interplay between Van Helsing and Lady Katerina is entertaining, the missions relevant, the weapons powerful, and the nooks and crannies to find treasure numerous and the loot lootable!I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys action RPGs!"
76561198071501309,Not Recommended,215530,8314314,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Thyphonius,"What can I say. Everything that looks, sounds and feels like Diablo. Isn't Diablo. Same here. For me it's a no."
76561198020883310,Not Recommended,215530,10041724,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Beekay,"While I loved the flavour and theme of this game, the combat just seemed distant and unresponsive. I'm sorry but I just can't recommend this to anyone. Have a look at some other ARPG out there."
76561198061189954,Recommended,215530,10044942,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,moshpit188,"I would deffinetly reccomend playing this, its addictive and challenging. Reminds me of Diablo but with bigger hoardes of monsters!"
,Recommended,215530,6852579,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,paulovmdutra,"Para quem procura um jogo de RPG estilo Diablo, vale a pena comprar."
,Recommended,215530,9683019,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,UmbraToph,"If you want Diablo with personality, then look no further. The characters and world are interesting enough, and the back and forth between the two protagonists definately entertains. There are also a select few ""role playing"" moments where you make decisions that affect the outcome of quests. But don't expect a very deep experience on the interaction front. This is a very scripted Diablo clone. Much like Diablo 3.However if you just want to jump in and kill things, you may be slightly let down. The character stat and skill building is interesting and unique, and quite fun. But you have to buy DLCs in order to play multiple classes, and the combat itself becomes a mindless ""grind and run away"" excercise quite often.If you want world and characters, this is great. But if you want FUN, your money is probably better spent somewhere else. Namely, Torchlight II.However I still recommend this title if you're tired of Torchlight, Diablo, or Path of Exile."
76561198029752502,Recommended,215530,10047196,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,RevolverOcelot,"Awesome game, at the beginning hard to get a grip on, but after few hours it's nice and easy to play. Good alternative to the new Diablo."
,Not Recommended,215530,7366398,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Nawgy,For what it is it is...meh.  From Torchlight to Diablo to even Wildtangents Fate series there are just better options.  The story is interesting but begins to drag very quickly and once you make it to the second act the game is money juggling for resurrections.  If the class DLC had been included up front and it had tiered difficulty where you could carry over after you finish on a lower difficulty then I would mark it better but as of now it's being uninstalled and I recommend people demo or play at a friends before considering buying this game.
76561198024584970,Recommended,215530,3551447,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Delerium,"Great price for an excellent, well crafted game.  Story is good enough, graphics are nice, music is good, and the character development keeps it interesting.  Loot system is also done well.  If you were let down by Diablo 3 like I was, give this a shot.  You won't regret it.... heck even if you liked Diablo 3, you should still try this."
76561198015074967,Recommended,215530,9913800,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,chris_the_icepick_lafleur,"For fans of Diablo 2 or Torchlight, this is a great game with a lot of content for it's size.  It does feel short when compared to those others, but still worth playing."
,Recommended,215530,8330917,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,l3go,"funny dialogues and quests, but after few hours game-play feels repetitive. although, still worth price ..."
76561198081034909,Recommended,215530,8331056,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,snidelyclyde,"A fun arpg to play, easy to pick up and kill thousands of mobs."
76561198027946227,Recommended,215530,8331544,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,EpicPureGamer,really nice game
76561198068145161,Recommended,215530,8332059,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Conner,I really want to play this game. ive enjoyed me first hour of it but some areas make the game crash.
76561198038257864,Recommended,215530,8332953,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Benz,pretty fun
76561197990892955,Recommended,215530,8335200,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,qbangy,The game has been amazing. I have been engrossed as I have travelled from place to place helping the locals deal with the monster infestation. The skill system is both diverse and expansive enough to ensure that I have enough scope to create a unique character.I look forward to more adventures being created so that I can continue my journey.
,Recommended,215530,7522206,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,FM,Понравилось
,Recommended,215530,8336694,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,]-STB-[ Chewy,Has a nice feel and look to it. It's a nice take on a classic genre.
76561198052377849,Recommended,215530,8336885,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,OldBear0629,For those that love Diablo this is a good choice. Game play is interesting and the customization is cool.
,Recommended,215530,8339018,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FORBIDDENMETAL,"This game has an intriguing stroy and the puzzles are a bit tough to figure out when they are found later after hearing about the side rewards. All in all, still pretty good."
,Recommended,215530,8340795,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,eXacTTec ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"Nice game, but too short."
76561198017117084,Recommended,215530,8340937,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Maelwaed,"Okay so this game was brilliant but its a buy it while its on sale game because of its length. If you are a fan of games like the Torchlight series, Diablo, and what not then you are gonna love and hate this both because frankly its too short. The story is brilliant, the graphics are crisp and detailed and yet feel slightly muted to match the story, and the characters are exactly what you expect and want both from a Van Helsing game.Add in the occassional tower defense to sake things up and it makes for a really great game, again its sadly short. I'd love to see some DLC in the future that lets you play through the intro story or adds on to the end (frankly the intro story could be its own game and 'd buy it XD)"
,Recommended,215530,8323381,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,(>ll)> Monorail Hunter <(ll<),very fun game not so great once ya finish it though no real content once you finish the story
,Recommended,215530,8323714,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,maeledus,Wow!  All I can say is wow!  Love this game.  It is an alternative to Diablo with great story line.  And if you like the Van Helsing story it is an added bonus.  You should run out and get this.  What are you doing? Go!  GO!  You wont be disappointed.
76561198018631594,Recommended,215530,3182524,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Salmonius,"A fun, engaging game in the Style of Diablo/Torchlight, doesn't take itself seriously at all but has surprising depth and complexity."
,Recommended,215530,8326028,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheChetu,Amazing game. Graphics are appealing and the gameplay is superb. This is a game I would recommend to anyone that is a fan of ARPGs and if you aren't a fan of ARPGs this is a good place to start if you are open to trying one.
76561198008600745,Recommended,215530,8326474,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,wastemidget,"A disclaimer: I have only attempted to play this game in co-op.So far this is a tale of two things:1) A very enjoyable ARPG which brings a very good set of monster smashing tools to the fore, and then inhibits your ability to enjoy them with a non stop loot lottery which takes considerable time to manage.2) Bugs. Bugs. Bugs.  Trying to play in co-op has been so incredibly painful with crashing, failed connections and myriad other inconsistencies it feels very much like an early beta feature.  This is very disappointing because point #1 spurs my friend and I to play and then point #2 rears it's ugly head and smashes all that desire down.Overall, if you are planning to play solo, I recommend the game to any fan of ARPGs.If you were hoping for a co-op smash with your friends?  Come back in a few months."
,Recommended,215530,8327624,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,moglee,"This is a great game. Some of the things I like: controller support so I can sit back with my XBox 360 controller, plus with the Blue Blood DLC your companion becomes a very effective tank. It also works well with nVidia 3D but the text becomes a bit hard to read. The game is very well balanced (and frequently patched). I am working on a mage build. A couple of things I don't like is having to buy classes as DLC, also Town Portal is broken. You can town portal out of combat - even with bosses. Also when you return back from a town portal, you are likely to be mobbed by every enemy in the area - very painful if you exit the game after clearing an area out and then restart it."
,Recommended,215530,1889129,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Arkaid,"Another Diablo / Torchlight style of game with it's own little flavour. It doesn't bring much new to the table, but the game is quite addictive and fun. If you like that sort of monster-bashing, skill-based RPG adventure games, this is a good choice for you."
,Recommended,215530,8330333,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SlowJabroni,"Pretty sweet story in a pretty ok ARPGclasses and skill trees are really interesting, Thaumaturge is my favoriteDialog and voice acting are rad. Especially for your pet ghost KatarinaIf it's on sale it's a no-brainer"
76561198119604180,Recommended,215530,9639103,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Bruh,Great game for players of all skill levels.
,Recommended,215530,12042765,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Glitch,"Its like an MMO, without the annoying MMO part. highly recommended and it holds up on its own even with its current ages."
76561197979167491,Recommended,215530,814105,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,The_Duck,Nifty little hack and slash! Recommend next time it's on sale!
76561198043461014,Recommended,215530,12145929,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,iamtimware,Simple... Diablo II + Torchlight II = The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing/The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing IIWhat more could you want?
76561198064799702,Not Recommended,215530,12150465,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Plomo o Plomo,"MAC users BEWARE!This is an excellent game and an incredibly bad port. The game is virtually unplayable on mac for a couple of reasons.First the aspect ratio is all messed up when you set fullscreen mode and slightly messed up on windowed mode. We all know how annoying playing in window mode on mac is (because of the dock) when you are not able to resize the window.And second - the resolution. That's right, playing this game on a retina macbook is impossible because the max resolution is the native resolution of the macbook air and text is so jagged that you can never read it (and there is a lot of text in this game).I am really dissapointed and will try to contact support, but for now I cannot recomend this great game to any mac user."
,Recommended,215530,12154358,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,songbyrdi,yes
76561197961039025,Recommended,215530,12017959,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[DHS] Nasty Nelly,Loved it! great game to pass the time! story line is good and the hack and slash is great.
76561198149342302,Recommended,215530,11902130,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Drakael,This is an epic game. Great with friends for hours on end.
76561198047270231,Recommended,215530,11885839,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,TH3FotZ,This game is much more fun that one would expect. I love the steampunky van helsing / diablo type clone. :)
,Not Recommended,215530,12102130,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,baeblade,Holy hella♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is a pile of dung-dipped raisin♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,215530,2619338,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Tailen,"Fantastic game with Coop play. It reminded me a lot of Dungeon Siege 2, a game I replay every few years. Only this one doesn't take two months of solid play to get through! Not quite as much grinding to be done, and it also lacks the auto-loot and auto-follow features from DS2, which meant you could just keep going without noticing that your coop teammate has actually been asleep for the past three hours."
,Recommended,215530,6904072,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,CheesyWaffleBurger,"There is a lot in this $15 game, and fans of action RPGs should really take a look at it. I highly suggest it."
,Recommended,215530,11913228,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Hellhound,"This game is good... for one playthrough.It hasn't much replayability, but for this price that's still more than okay!"
76561198049684567,Recommended,215530,11917879,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,NukelerTimebomb @INFOWARS.COM,Great game more challenging than Diablo and more fun at times.
,Recommended,215530,12082478,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,max,"I played van Helsing right from the beginning and after completing it, i sadly can't suggest the solomode. It ist simply too buggy, even now. I played the coop and really enjoyed it. Some game mechanics are freshly new. The ghost is nice version of a henchman and her quotes made us laugh more than once.In short:nice Story, buggy from times to times. nice an some new perspectives to the genre. 7/10 points"
76561197988497296,Recommended,215530,12083954,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,fumingsmoked,"Feels and smells like a Diablo clone.  Characters and story line differ quite a bit.  If you like games like diablo and want to immerse yourself into the van helsing world, this game might be for you."
,Recommended,215530,12066096,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JoannaDark,"This game is bloody brilliant.   Its not often an ARPG comes along with this level of detail, and focus on character / gear progression, as well as maintaining a very fun / immersive world, with many things to do, and places to see.  Perhaps only truly shadowed by the king of kings, Diablo 2, this game is still worthy of every penny, and than a few."
,Recommended,215530,12069446,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,DisGuy,"This game is just amazing, at first I didn't think it would be any good since it looked like a spin off of the Diablo franchise.However, I was wrong. The game is great, its witty, funny and there is plenty of action to go around. It was money well spent."
76561198071653482,Recommended,215530,12090842,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ii2Slo4Yo,Just do it...
,Recommended,215530,12101469,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,routaHHH,"Pretty good, not to long ! If you like diablo/torchlight/grim dawn you will enjoy this :)"
,Recommended,215530,9368921,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,racerx4637,"Definitely recommend this game. Especially if you enjoy Diablo style games.The scripting is cool. Sometimes funny, sometimes creepy. Gameplay is straightforward and you'll be racking up Exp. in no time. There is quite a wide variety of equipment to collect from battles as well. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,215530,9371299,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,DXecution,"This game is so under rated, but this is game is one of the best title arpg i ever play, play at heroic level.. EPIC!Minus only for character creation, only have 3 character class.."
76561198037473630,Not Recommended,215530,9371955,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheTWO,"while the dialog between you and your sidekick is quite funnly and setting is quite interesting i really cant recommend this game since the attack animations are really weak. Unlike diablo or torchlight your attacks seems to have no meaty animations. To be frankly most of the time i really cant tell my attacks are hitting the enemies or not.Also another really big major issue is the size of the mana and health indicators. They are too small for comfort, you have to actually take your eyes of the combat and check your hp and mana. There is a auto drink hp potions option on the menu but since i liked managing my potions myself i really didnt enjoy the game when this option is turned on."
76561198054385953,Recommended,215530,9376743,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Icy11,Mutch bether than any Diablo game!
,Recommended,215530,9380416,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,(SSC)Jay,"awesome game for single player, kind of set up like diablo 3"
76561198043754699,Recommended,215530,9382073,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Faggot the Boy Wonder,there is only one way to describe this game. mom's spaghetti. 10/10. play this game.
76561198043870460,Recommended,215530,9382636,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Inanimate Fucking Object,"This Van Helsing game is great...if you look pass the bugs, that areas lag when you start them up because there're so many monsters in there (lag reduces as you kill them off), wierd glitches with your character (lag based once again), that certain quests doesn't work and you sometimes can't progress forwards and needs to type something in console 'cos the developers released a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Ok I might be a tad too harsh, 'cos really, they're fixing alot of bugs every second week or so, but it really reduced my positive experince to more of a ""meh"". I played this game 'cos I didn't want to play Diablo III, and to be fair it can be alot of fun (massive amounts of monsters, overwhelming sometimes actually, that you have to shoot/cut your way through, VERY satisfying, nice enviroments etc), but all the bugs, the lag, and lack of optimisation really gets to ya after a while.So final verdict: If you want to slay a billion monsters whilst also being tactical about it (or you get swarmed!), this is the game for you. If you want the game to run super smooth whilst doing it...nah, prepare to adapt. To me this game is a 5.5/10. Cheers!"
,Recommended,215530,9383209,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Mr. Pickle's,this game very nice graphic
76561197970490862,Recommended,215530,10277963,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,G.I.R,A lot of fun to play...
,Not Recommended,215530,21370980,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,DMINATOR,"Decent action RPG that doesn't introduce anything specialPositive:+ Music fits the mood and areas of the game very well.+ Interesting characters but it would've been interesting to tie story with them a bit more+ Graphically well done, detailed environments and lots of visual effects+ Interesting game world, well done map and monster designNegative:- Technical issues - game crashes due to a bug on Win 10 (that requires Touch service to be manually disabled, no fix from devs available so far). Constant screen tearing no matter what settings are set: VSync On/Off doesn't help- Overall plain and uninteresting story, actually I don't know if there is a story, seems like the point of the game was to bash monsters. Even Diablo had a better story at least it made some sense.- No pacing at all. Entire game is pretty much just fighing monsters, except few occasional moments fighting bosses. Ink does make setting a bit different but gameplay doesn't change much making it boring to play from beginning till the end.- Skills and items. Seems like entire game was made of a mix of Sacred, Diablo and Titan Quest skills and crafting mechanics, in the end it just doesn't work for me, if developers would've tried to go with something unique I think it would've worked better. In the end Sacred, Diablo and Titan Quest are far superior games.- Gold ? I've finished with 700K in my inventory, I guess I could've spend gold on something, but then I was doing fine without it.Overall this game is average it is not bad but it is not good at the same time. I wouldn't recommend it, there are better games on the market. Hopefully next chapters would make some improvements."
,Recommended,215530,21216293,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Kerverus,"Nice story, great music. Worth it!!!"
,Recommended,215530,4024451,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Trofast,"Best indie-title in a while! Even thou the storyline is locked, I can see myself replaying this with the indeph skilltree. Come to think of it.. only thing this lacks is.. Kate Beckinsale."
76561198004966623,Recommended,215530,2273264,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,RunningWithScissorsBlindfolded,if diablo and torchlight hooked up in a back alley somewhere this is there love child
76561197969405067,Recommended,215530,352628,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,DifferenceEngine,"For as cheap as it is (around 13 bucks last I checked) this is a fun, competently made Rogue-like ARPG. It's about 12-15 hours in length assuming you aren't rushing through it. It definitely scratches the itch now that there is a void left by Diablo 3 and Torchlight 2. While the synergies between skills, passives, and perks don't really work particularly well, it is an enjoyable single play through. There won't be much in the way of replay value (no New Game +, either), but I enjoyed it enough to recommend to people who liked Titan Quest or the Torchlight series. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,215530,961003,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,SpaceLapin,"Out of nowhere, one of the best Hack'n'Slash I've ever played (I liked it a lot more than Diablo 3 or Torchlight)Low replayability, but more than 15h to finish the campaign, and it costs less than 15€"
,Recommended,215530,5269024,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Я спокоен,"Очередная копия Diablo 3. Но что-то в ней есть, попоробуйте, затягивает."
76561198000562152,Recommended,215530,1981391,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,[dR] BORGOMI,"Очень неплохая ARPG с интересной вселенной, атмосферой, юмором и более-менее сносной прокачкой, которая выдыхается к последней трети игры, поэтому допроходить приходится число на морально-волевых. Сама игра духовно ближе к Торчайл, нежели к Дьябло. 7\10"
76561198027309050,Recommended,215530,3782253,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Suds & Soda,"Bel gioco, un po' pesante per il mio HWNice game, a bit heavy for my HW"
76561198019458302,Recommended,215530,3245630,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,schubidu,A very good hack and slay game. The graphic and the soundtrack is very good.A lot of fun. The game is a little bit too short. You need for one run (casual mode)20-25 hours.
,Recommended,215530,933978,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,El Jefe,"This game is fun.  It is a loot-fest  like Torchlight 2, but with more realistic graphics.  Great story, interesting follower.   You can send your follower to town to shop for you.  It gets right what Diablo 3 got wrong!  This game is definitely better than I thought it would be."
,Recommended,215530,4767317,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Domini Inferi,Fun diablo clone
76561198007358220,Recommended,215530,8014204,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,EL Presidente,sweat
76561198036809994,Recommended,215530,8019867,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,jycy,pretty nice! come and play with me|!
76561197970871862,Recommended,215530,471337,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Carnage,"What can i say about this game other than if you liked diablo and the witcher, this game is for you, its a gem so much fun and coop to boot!!  ***** 5 stars from me."
76561198042284591,Recommended,215530,8139186,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,nk0197,"I played through this game and it was pretty fun overall. Pretty good looting, the tower defense portion leaves something to be desired but overall, with funny dialogue and addicting monster slaying, this makes for a decent playthrough"
,Recommended,215530,8140011,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,jozsa.robert,Incredible good game :)
76561197998202182,Recommended,215530,8199914,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,_Panzer_X_OZ_,Good Solid RPG
,Recommended,215530,8287939,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Unrealfarcry,This Game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198021968884,Recommended,215530,3393572,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Benzorz,"A very cool, well thought out and designed Hack & Slash with well designed monsters and suprisingly entertaining dialogue.  It's like Diablo 3 if it was more like 2 and Torchlight if it was less 'rambling'."
76561198065881781,Recommended,215530,8085597,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Blackice197,its one of the funnest games i've ever played i love annd i hope you will to
76561198075181364,Not Recommended,215530,8111715,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,I'Rauko,I found this game to be very limiting and very repeditive and a cheap copy of Diablo 2-3 for a better diablo remake get path of exile it's free and 100 times better in every way don't waste your money.
,Recommended,215530,315388,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Kaeos,"If you like Torchlight or Diablo, Van Helsing is right up your alley and you won't be disaapointed with this purchase especially for the price. It also has Coop as a plus and the combat is fun. The devs here seem to have looked closely at what Diablo and Torchlight did well and merged them into one. All it needs is some character diversity and these guys will be on the right path to the next AAA title giving Blizzard Entertainment a run for their money. Quite honestly its so well done, it begins to make you wonder how Blizzard was even able to charge full price for all the problems Diablo 3 had since its release and is currently still working to correct."
,Recommended,215530,1567443,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Jeragi,"As a fan of Diablo esque games. This one is fun to play. Campaign was lengthy, controls felt responsive and the game environment looked good. The music suited the game."
,Recommended,215530,8162934,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,fantomik,The game have a great potential and it is very atmospheric. Unfortunatelly it is also quite buggy and have balancing issues. It seems the devs are just ignoring some of the old bugs and they also have a questionable DLC sale policies so make sure you buy the whole package while it is on sale (or wait for the sale). Overally the game is enjoyable and worth getting while on sale.
76561197970932277,Recommended,215530,8184324,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CannedWeasel,"Surprisingly good. Simple enough to get into, but the gameplay is solid and the world is rich and involved. Would highly recommend if it comes up in a sale for those who like Torchlight or Titan Quest."
,Recommended,215530,8189181,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DrumAce,"This game was a suprise for me.  I had never heard of it, but I picked it up on the steam Summer sale.  For the price, you can not go wrong and I am looking forward to part 2 which hopefully is coming very soon!"
,Recommended,215530,645237,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,simbosan,"Pretty decent by the book aRPG, excellent value for the price.  The highlight was excellent voice over.  I finished this which is more than I can say of Diablo 3"
76561198102202259,Recommended,215530,8156249,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Pixelgenic,A surprisingly fun way of wasting 15 hours.
,Recommended,215530,423387,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,modboy84,"Fantastic Diablo style action-rpg. Has everything you want from the Diablo, Torchlight & Path of Exile franchises. A must get game for a low budget."
,Recommended,215530,8106698,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,squeeky mkfour-eyes,average diablo-like
76561198016045026,Recommended,215530,8175037,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Camarro,"well i mostly recomend this game, but not for MACs users, simply because of poorly  optimization for that platform.Overall game have more troubles with technical parts than with gameplay part. But what use of gamesplay if you actualy cant enjoy game (cant kill boss, cant loot, and have lags)The game it self prety descent and have few interesting ideas, like hiden lairs -your ""home"" where you can upgrade defense traps and forge, and yes mobs will attack you Lair, so trap will do thay job. Or you can be thrown on hostile area when try to telepotr somewhere (it happens random).Also game have fresh atmosphere of steampunk world (nice breath from all the phantasy themes).But there is some parts i dont like here. Firstly all skills have addition powers that trigers after you charge energy during fight, the more energy you charge -more strong effect triger. So this looks abit silly for me, cos game have setting for auto using this powers. Also game have setting for autodrink potions. I dont like thos options in games if you ask me. It looks abit unfair and actualy gives you easy times with killing mobs. Second part i didnt like -is poorly made addition classes, like Helsing mage and Helsing engineer. I dont know how about others but for me thos two charracters dont look so cool like original helsing with 2 pistols or sword. I think mage animations must be more descent, but not standing like a tree and simply point hes hand toward enemy...Also big part of game for me me make visual joy from my char wearing epic items(comparing classic Helsing and mage, engineer types): huge sword -i would say YES! awesome pistols -YES! coold looking Helsing hat- YES!; gas mask and  fire extinguisher - EHM....not sure here...; helloween bird like mask - definately NO!So mostly game enjoable but i dont sure about DLCs and with alot of patches."
,Recommended,215530,8183660,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,bjohnson818,Great dungeon crawling romp!
,Recommended,215530,8210423,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Trackman,"Great ARPG with decent story, gameplay and great atmosphere. Co-Op was good as well. Looking forward to the sequels!9/10"
76561197972723964,Recommended,215530,8226153,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Skink,"Just starting to get into it - seems to have some cool, innovative concepts, but I don't like that the DLC is shoved in my face so much..."
,Recommended,215530,8244170,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Höchste Herrscher,"For the genre of ARPG this game stands out among those like Path of Exile and Torchlight as the spiritual successors to Diablo 2.   What makes this game more unique is its story, and its skill system.   It takes the story of Van Helsing and throws you into the very midst of a gothic era where monsters rule the landscape.    With only the basic class to choose from unless you get DLC there isn't much variety in the terms of classes, but in my opinion the DLC is worth the price because it gives you two other, very unique classes to play that give a very distinct flavor to the game with each class you play.  With a full fledged multiplayer system, friends make this game even more enjoyable as you go on a monster hunting romp through a forest with your buddies.All in all, 8/10. Would Play."
76561197977016768,Recommended,215530,8235603,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,VanillaJRoo,I've been playing this game for a couple of hours and it's really fun! I haven't found another top-down RPG that can make me actually scramble a little when fighting tougher enemies or bigger groups of lower level enemies.
,Recommended,215530,8236557,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HadesTimer,One of my favorite games of the year.  It's Diablo with a better story and voice acting. I love it.
76561198035775827,Recommended,215530,8237363,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Darrcon,"Solid top-down action RPG like Diablo, but with better skills tree, and more customization of your character. Too bad it has some game bugs that can stop your game progression. So far I have run into 2 bugs that have stop my game progression til they patch the game. Overall it is solid, and enjoyable if you're into the whole looting and getting item type of game."
,Not Recommended,215530,8370845,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,woodbear92,I've bought this for my mac and can't recommend it for a mac user. The game simply doesn't work. You can start the game and create a character but the first level is totaly black. Might reconsider if they patch it.
76561198045452858,Recommended,215530,5134627,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,TriTTon,Richtige Nice Koop :D
76561198046059151,Recommended,215530,5181966,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Mourgan447,This is the game I thought Diablo III was going to be. How this wasn't a major blockbuster is beyond me.
,Recommended,215530,436623,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,[TBR]Grimstrike,"A fun , good looking game, the 1st in a trilogy and at the current price its a steal."
76561198075878848,Recommended,215530,10162360,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Colin,"If you like Diablo, Path of Exile or Torchlight 2, this game is a must buy. With similar layouts to said games with a more Torchlight steam punk style theme, Van Helsing is a perfect action game on a budget."
,Recommended,215530,9918338,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,i am wad,"Very fun Diablo clone. I recommend this game if you like Diablo, Torchlight, and Titan Quest."
,Not Recommended,215530,3915725,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Encephalon,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is an action role-playing video game Diablo clone that focuses on the trials of young Van Helsing and has nothing to do with the movie of the same name. It is set in a fictional gothic-noir steampunk 19th-century Eastern Europe.Graphics wise, while it will not be taking any awards, it is still pleasing to look at, and quite atmospheric looking especially when portraying the haunted misty looking fictional eastern european forests. The character models however look quite crude. In short, the graphics is serviceable, but unremarkable.Gameplay for the main campaign will take about 13 hours depending on your playstyle and is basically the same as most other Diablo Clones. It borrows alot of the mechanics and ideas from other games especially from the Torchlight series in its use of Pets. Instead of having pets in this game however, you will have a female ghost companion called Lady Katarina who not only helps you sell items like the pets in Torchlight, you can actually level her up as a very formidable helper who is surprisingly very useful in the game.Another interesting part is a mini tower defence game at the later part of the game, which I thought was quite refreshing as I have not yet seen any Action RPGs that adds this mode yet. While it doesn't really add much to the game, and only serves as a side distraction, it is a nice addition.Music consists mostly of slow and sombre pieces which complements its setting very well, and is competently done. Voice work for both Van Helsing and Katarina is competent and i enjoyed their witty banter with each other. The voice work for the other NPCs however feels like they're overacting most of the time, trying very hard to fake that Eastern European accent.Now as for the downsides, the backstory of the game is very unremarkable and completely forgettable. While other games of this genre also suffer the same issues storywise, for some reason, I just cannot immerse myself into this game. Maybe its because the game doesn't take itself seriously or maybe its the fact that for a game called ""Van Helsing"" you never actually get into a combat with a single Vampire, not even the last boss is a vampire. (Actually there is only 1 vampire in the entire game, and he's only a friendly NPC.)Enemy AI are also very simplistic, and most of the time, the game's only challenge is to simply throw lots of creeps in huge group at your face forcing you to kite 90% of the time.Loot is very bland and lacks in variation visually. It seems that there are only a very limited selection of items that visually alters your characters and most of them just look the same as any other.The other bad point is unfortunately the overall play control which is especially bad because play control is probably the most important aspect of any Action RPGs. While this game allows the use of WASD movement via keyboard (probably one of the rare ones that allow this), the execution is just downright terrible.Example: Lets say if you were to try to move in one direction, then press the Shift key to stand in place and attack incoming mobs, the next time you release the keys, you may actually find the character automatically continue to move forward on his own and can only stop when you press the corresponding movement key. More then once this caused me to die unnecessary deaths because I simply couldn't move away from mobs when they start swarming me. This bug also seems to happen if you use only mouse clicks to move, and is extremely frustrating and almost destroys what enjoyment i had from the game.There is also a Co-op mode, but I haven't had a chance to try that with a friend so I cannot comment about if it functions well or not.Overall Rating: 6.0 / 10An average Action RPG, while not as polished or as refined as the Torchlight or Diablo Series, does show some promise. Its worth a look if you can get it at a cheap sale. The movement bug I mentioned in the review is really very frustrating and I hope that they can get it resolved soon."
,Recommended,215530,8320566,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Regicold,"ARPG with good graphics, interesting combat and GUNZ"
76561198008745498,Recommended,215530,9352534,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Wurstinator,"Plays a lot like Diablo II and similar games (Torchlight, Path of Exile). For a game this cheap, it offers much more than one would expect."
,Recommended,215530,9355608,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,MrMr1232,"very descent game, It challanging at most parts. It has the same system like most you kill an enemy you get rare weapons for another character."
,Recommended,215530,9355958,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,FuZeBx,"This was a pretty fun ARPG/hack-n-slash. The game story is interesting and the mechanics are pretty fluid which is important I think in these types of games.I just played a run through on normal kind of taking my time and experiencing the story. Very possible to finish the game in 20-30 hours or less. I thought the end was lack luster and didn't even know I ""beat"" the game until I didn't know where to go next and looked online for a tip. Apparently that was it. Only thing left to do is maybe play on a harder level or treasure hunt or achievement hunt.I also thought that the mechanics of not being able to re-kill bosses in the story mode was a bit strange and you would have to go into endless story or something.TL;DRGame was fun to play, story was interesting, nothing extraordinary but worth it if you like hack-n-slash killin' loads of monsters."
76561198065723989,Recommended,215530,9356415,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,BUKIT | ThorsCousin,"This is fantastically voiced, Diablo-esque action/rpg. It is well worth it's normal price of $15 but it's a totaly steal for its sale price! Buy the complete edition; the extra classes and Katrina's Medusa-mode are very much worth the extra dollar.Storyline has been engaging to some extext, and as previously mentioned, the voice-acting is awesome. The honest truth though is that this is a game for loot-hounds. Dive in and enjoy!"
76561197970522809,Recommended,215530,9356496,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Alilua,"A fun and witty adventure! Great setting and fun gameplay. Has a few bugs, but overall much more fun than diablo 3.devs continue to fix errors.8/10"
,Recommended,215530,9356615,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Nukegl,"Pros* Well designed world* Great atmospheric music* Interesting skill and combat system* Excellent dialog* Resource and space manage* Complete customisability of character* Interesting mini questsCons* Game is designed so you play through once (no re-grinding previous zones for loot and exp, there is a different game mode for that)* Certain builds are greatly over/under powered"
,Recommended,215530,9357958,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,YoLakOfSkillz,great game
76561198014125662,Recommended,215530,7522700,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Magnus,This is like diablo for twilight fans. I'm not sure it has vampires though.
,Recommended,215530,9358084,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Powers,I can tell after only like 10 hours this game will have a great replayability. Very great deal right now!
,Recommended,215530,9359090,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,LovablePWNER,"Honestly it's pretty damn good. My friend and I have been looking for a good Diablo-esque RPG for awhile now after playing Torchlight 2 to death and I've got to say this is not a bad choice. The graphics are good, the gameplay is fun, and holy crap you're playing as a monster hunter fighting werewolves and vampires. That's awesome! At the moment of writing ths the game and it's DLC are about $8.50 which is a freaking great deal. I highly recommend it."
76561197998485283,Recommended,215530,9359250,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Pickle Nose,Badass. But experienced issue with hard drive being filled up with garbage data  (memory leak??).. not sure if this was fixed; hope so.
,Recommended,215530,9367847,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Enter the Meme,"You know what'd be great? If I could play the game. That's an aspect you need, right? To be able to play the game? Not just sit at a ""System Requirements being measured"" screen for god knows how long, only to figure out you've been waiting for over 4 hours for it to load. Point is, it doesn't work. I've tried it on not one, but two different computers. BOTH with the requirements to play it, and it just crashes at the first screen. I've asked for help on forums, and no one has a decent mindset to give me feedback. So I'm gonna come out and say if the community sucks so bad they can't give a nice response, I can't imagine how it must be in-game. So, if anyone has a nice helpful response, I'm open for it."
,Recommended,215530,9368628,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Jack Daddy,This game is Rad.Do people say rad anymore?
76561197965180048,Recommended,215530,9192148,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[GTribe] Dark13cloud,Very fun Diablo/Path of Exile style game but with a few things that improve on that. The control you have over your companion is beautiful. You can set them up to fight melee or ranged style combat and even switch stances on the fly. You can also have them pick up loot for you and even decide which kinds of loot and quality level of the loot. Graphics are very good with big chunks of body parts flying when you explode them and building pools of blood if you fight in same area for a battle. Very original and fun storyline with great bits of humor thrown in.
76561197991239902,Not Recommended,215530,9364503,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Mauseleum,"If you are into mindless hack and slash without any sense of strategy or having to take time to pick traits and see how they affect your game... this is your game. Cannot be compared to PoE or D3. Story is fine, but the gameplay complexity is lacking really badly."
,Recommended,215530,9364613,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,syris722,great little dungeon crawler game.
,Recommended,215530,9364870,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,R.O.D.rufio,"very fun game...but the problem is how to get another dlc? on store page only show 3 dlc, but in the game there couples dlc i don't have... and why i can choose online game? am i must finish the game first? anyway really worth for every penny i pay"
76561197971285926,Recommended,215530,9364876,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Xevion,"One of the best Hack and Slash in recent time, the  solid gameplay is finely improved by the charisma of the main character and his loverly ghostly companion, their costant banter and witty dialogue make slashing hordes of monster even more addicting"
,Recommended,215530,9364959,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,~*|Reborn|*~,Simply brilliant
76561197980697683,Recommended,215530,9364960,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Cat Fart,Pleasantly surprised. Better the the Diablo series (imho)
76561198115893288,Recommended,215530,9366942,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,BarbedMantis,"what a game ""AWESOME"""
,Recommended,215530,1971374,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Sannan75,"What an ARPG should be, addictive and so much fun :)"
,Recommended,215530,9344135,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,The 1nteger,"Thought I done a review for this already? Anyway a quick one, like Titan's Quest but better, funny dynamic between Van Helsing and his Ghost chick buddy, solid controls, nice amount of level up / skill tree optios with a good pacing to the points. Good visual variation and plenty of good quests / side quests / toughy enemies to keep you busy!"
76561197978762408,Recommended,215530,801201,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,HORUS,Great  onefor Diablo Funs. With some bugs but for the price i dont care :)
,Recommended,215530,9344521,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Exylem,"Not a great game overall, but it is worth the price (with discount). It is good enough to entertain you for a few hours/days, especially if you like games like Diablo."
,Recommended,215530,8276717,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Väinämöinen,"The game is very well done and interesting to play and with the option of four player co-op, which means four Van Helsings and four Lady Katarinas, I cannot but give the game my highest recommendation for any Action RPG fan looking for a thrilling experience. Get this game, dear reader. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,215530,9344741,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,SocietySoldier,"Enjoyed the heck out of this, definitely worth it on sale if you're a big torchlight or diablo player"
76561197970329460,Recommended,215530,394077,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Aeneas2020,A good little ARPG with a charm and a setting all of it's own. The lack of new game + and non respawning enemies may be off putting to some but a) this may be patched out later and b) this shouldn't stop you getting the game! If you are an ARPG fan then this one is a must buy for all others hit up the big dogs first and if you like them then pick this one up...it's a bargain at the price.8/10
76561197970666880,Recommended,215530,445201,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Ashaen,"This game is amazing !!Just bought this  and I love it better than diablo 3. Although Im only playing the SP portion (Im not a fan of MP Games). Its beautifully smooth, no bugs so far and the skill and stat system is in depth, but not complicated.Go buiy this game now!"
76561198122251392,Recommended,215530,9347268,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Dorito Slothz,hey i just want to say that this game looks really cool but for some reason it won't work on my mac it only goes to character select but it won't let me play the game.
76561198022370963,Recommended,215530,9347270,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Bazok,Grat game! Grab it on sale for 5 boo!
,Recommended,215530,9347492,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,gwkleong,"Great game for hack n slash fans who like diablo, torchlight, path of exile etc. I agreed with some reviews that this game is under scored. I am happy to give a 80/100. I got hooked into the game easily. The game has great mechanics to make it a simple but fun to play. The narration of the characters are well designed and the graphics are good for this type of game. However, the game is lack of cinematic to escalate this with strong story and hence you will not be immerse into it storyline. Nevertheless, the game excel as a simple hack n slash with good mechanics, graphic and gameplay."
76561198035386144,Recommended,215530,9347719,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,thorvaaldr,"For my ARPG playing friends, one of Steam's Midweek Madness items is Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, a steampunk Diablo clone set (very loosely) in the world of the over-the-top 2004 Stephen Sommers movie.Is it perfect? Of course not. But it is one of my favorites of the current generation of Diablo clones. Almost as much wander-fight-loot-level-up fun as Torchlight II, with a much more focused plot and storyline, and a setting that is NOT one more dragons, castles, elves and such Standard Western Fantasy World (tm).AND, it has a downloadable demo, so you don't have to take my word for it - try it, and see if YOU like it.If anyone is wondering - if you do pull the trigger, YES, spend the extra $1.70 (or how over many groats or whatever it is overseas) for the Complete Pack with the DLCs. Yes, they are, basically, making you pay money to get access to ALL the ""character classes"". Think of it like Diablo II's LoD expansion - maybe it SHOULD have been in there to start, but it wasn't, and it DOES make the game much more interesting."
76561197963080615,Recommended,215530,13362675,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Sleeper,Great game enjoy it.It s a lot like tourchlight :)
,Recommended,215530,13374393,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,dj_moyer,"Bottom line:  fun little top-down monster-slaying adventure.  Think ""Diablo meets Castlevania.""  Then cut whatever you would pay for that game in half, and don't pay any more than that for this game.  It's fun, but not worth going broke to play it.This game puts you in control of the son of the great monster hunter, Van Helsing.  He's a tough guy with a funny-looking hat.  And you have a ghost for a companion, who can help you by attacking enemies or providing defense boosts for you.  She can also pick up treasure scattered around the ground.  And if you're too busy or too lazy to go back to town, you can put all your useless items in her backpack and send her to sell them (and buy some potions) at the shop while you continue to travel and slay monsters.The ""vanilla"" game lets you use ""hunter"" equipment, which means guns and swords.  You also get to learn a few magic spells but the bulk of your arsenal will be physical attacks.  As you progress in the game, you earn points to boost your stats (strength, dexterity, etc.) so that you deal more damage or gain more health or mana.  You also gain separate points to learn new skills and spells.  You can even spend those points to learn special perks to add damage or special effects to some of your attack skills.  You also find stronger weapons and armor the further into the game you go.  About halfway into the game, you will acquire an underground hideout and you can build and set traps in the tunnels around it, for a tower-defense mission.  Mostly though, the game is a top-down monster-slaying adventure.  The plot and the locations you visit are VERY LINEAR; this is not an ""open-world"" game in any way.  It sort of reminds me of Diablo but instead of going down into a series of dungeons it has you wandering through forests and swamps, and exploring an ""ink world"" with floating rock platforms that exists just below the surface of the ""real world.""  In addition to the main quest, there are a few side-quests that you can choose to accept or refuse.  Those are mostly fetch quests but some of them have you slaying a special boss-type monster.  In addition to the stat growth and skill system, this game is very loot-driven.  The magical effects on the loot you find scattered around the world will be the main thing you focus on when you are trying to upgrade your equipment to deal more damage and survive longer.The DLC will let you play as two additional characters:  the Thaumaturge is purely a magical attack specialist, and he uses slightly different equipment than the Hunter.  The other character you can choose (sorry but I forgot what it's called) uses a cannon and is a ranged-attack specialist.  You get to lob grenades, set mines, and use flamethrowers instead of swords and rifles.  The two DLC characters each have a couple of unique side-quests that the other characters are not allowed to complete."
,Recommended,215530,13936342,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ADarkBard,I bought this because it was on sale and am so glad I did. Not very far into the gme but so far I like what I've seen. KInd of reminds me of the best parts of Torchlight and Diablo 3 with a little bit of Baldur's Gate thrown in. Oh and the two headed cow from Fallout 3 makes a cameo.
76561197965602081,Not Recommended,215530,11023674,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,NeonBootyGoon,"Far to buggy. It had some interesting ideas and game mechanics but overall was simply very one dimensional, incredibly hard, and buggy. If the bugs were cleared up this game could be good and overcome the difficulty due to the mechanics actually working.I would recommend this game, but a year after this game came out, they put out Van Helsing 2. So clearly they arent caring about this game at all, and the focus is new games and content, not making the game work properly."
76561197967210844,Not Recommended,215530,14090018,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,scshaver,"I liked this game at first but it's lost it's luster. I keep fighting the same monsters over and over again. Getting mobbed by the same monsters, running, and dying. That's pretty much how this game is for me. Your experience may vary."
76561197974250624,Recommended,215530,650086,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,TheWeaponeer,"Do you like Diablo? Do you like PC-exclusive games? Do you like feeling like you completely got your money's worth from a game? If you answered ""YES!"" to any of the above questions, then BUY THIS GAME. You will not be disappointed, and the studio deserves it."
76561198034606839,Recommended,215530,13562177,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zelgore,Just love this game. Easy game play with the wickedness of Van Helsing.
,Recommended,215530,13515504,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Inkwaboom,Pret t gud
,Recommended,215530,13557214,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Sad Panda,"I LOVE THIS GAME. It seemed like it would be unfinished when I first bought it but it looks completely finished and gorgeous! I would put the graphics level, in my opinion, up there with Diablo III. And I love the story line. I went and bought Van Hellsing #2 recently and when I start playing it i'll review the heck out of that one too. If you like RPGs, and or the Van Hellsing story you'll love this game. Skill system is great, you have a follower and can customize their skills too, armor, weapons, all sorts of stuff and goodies. Not too much for the customization of your character but they're already great looking characters. Runs well on older computers as well. I have 0 complaints about this game."
76561198045948594,Not Recommended,215530,14248824,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,[SD]Kuroni,"This game has potential but it wastes it. I'll be the first to admit I'm not the super gamer but only on hard dificulty, playing the arcane gunner guy I was getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on a regular basis. I was using mechanical companions an a 100% body Katarina. She could hardly last 10 seconds against blues and elites. The final boss was bullsh!t as well. At level 30 with pretty decent gear Kat lasted 1-2 seconds against the ridiculous adds and the boss 1 hit my character with every atack but the missles which took 2."
76561197997445056,Not Recommended,215530,13977396,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,5pcm1chael5,"This would be one of the best games ever, out Diabloing Diablo. Steam punk very good. If it weren't or one huge thing, it would be a 10/10.You can't save your game on solo mode. Very unforgiving. If you like hard core, and aren't casual like me, highly recommend.One bad mouse click, lag, or blue tooth and you take a character ding. This is a game that almost has too much in it. I'm gonna check part two and see if you can save there.Because it is otherwise so good, the disappointments and deal breakers tend to amplify. 1/10."
,Recommended,215530,13891197,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Roflstomp,Short and sweet.
76561198012620303,Recommended,215530,14038892,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,meoget,"I actually like this game much more than Diablo 3. I feel it is much deeper in function and I prefer the story material in Van Helsing over D3.There are some performance issues with my laptop. but on my gaming desktop, it runs amazing and looks pretty good. Just make sure you have some semi-decent hardware, and you will be good.All in all, if you liked D3, you would probably love this game."
,Recommended,215530,13949051,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,KH11601,hell ya it's one of the better games I've played since D3
76561198026431590,Recommended,215530,13941891,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,The Alright Gatsby,Bought this game as I love top down games and this one reminded me greatly of Diablo as I started the game I thought I could play as a purely melee character but I quickly found out other wise you need to find some spells that you can use to your advantage the story is great but has abrupt quest ends I found that I was fighting the final boss with out even knowing but none the less a great game the intergretion between number 1 and 2 is nice being able to import your character so you can pick up where you left off
76561198129410903,Not Recommended,215530,13942251,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cerberus,Not recommended for Mac user's.
,Recommended,215530,13943560,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,XenoRoss,"Pretty entertaining with great visuals and soundtrack, steampunk art style and smooth combat. Some interesting features which I've not come across in the ARPG genre before. All together an interesting game, albeit with a pretty poor loot and economy system compared to the more popular games in the genre - hence online play is a ghost town."
,Recommended,215530,13969571,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Wilde_Trooper[DLP],"I'm posting this review after I've just finished the game in Normal mode.Yeah, this is not a review for those Professional/Hardcore gamers who want difficulty at every step.TL;DR Good Hack and Slash Game. 7/10 . But buy this game during sales. I bought it at $5.09. In my opinion anywhere below $10 is worth it. Above it, not so much.Broader Explanation:I personally view these Hack and Slash kind of games as either of the two things:a) A tool for some excellant story telling.orb) Stress relief where I'm simply entertained after playing this game.The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is pretty good at both of these categories.Not a bad story line with decent continuity and fun enough game on the destroy-everything-in-sight front as well.A few points:Story line and Ambience is Good- 7/10Re-Playability is lower than that of Torchlight II. Meaning its average- 5 /10Item Complexity, enchanting, Visual effects of items- 6/10Skill Points, Ability Points and general Magic/Ability in-game- 6/10Graphics/Visual Ambience- 5/10 in some parts and 7/10 in some parts.Satisfaction- 7/10So I would put this game on a solid 7/10"
76561198049192309,Not Recommended,215530,14014065,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Blainetrain,"Another Diablo clone kiting simulator. People say Potion spamming is exploitative but I say so is kiting. Not to mention kiting is tedious. If you want tedious this game is for you. Idk how people can support these games claiming to be ""ARPG"" but farming items and kiting thousands of worthless mobs is not action. Maybe there should be less mobs in general so when you do get swarmed by a lot it's actually interesting or at least a surprise. Overall game intensity starts kind of high but then never changes and that too contributes to the tedium.If you love diablo 3, 8/10. If you love to be entertained when playing a game 2/10."
,Recommended,215530,15633300,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Aldamaer,"At first i thought it would be an ordinary game, something to play when your bored and homework is not an option but this game exceeded all standareds i had and keeps increasing my addiction to this game. This is a must have."
,Recommended,215530,8312565,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dapper Prinny,"Very similar to Diablo 2 and 3, yet surprisngly refreshing. The core gameplay is fun, and while a challenge, not overbearing. The DLC does add some nice changes to the game, like the new classes, which make playing the game surprisingly more interesting since each class focuses on a different build style.For $6.79 I'd suggest buying it. It really is worth that much at least, and you should find it to be a fun time killer."
76561197997301101,Recommended,215530,8312668,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Semper~USMC,It is like pie and I like pie!
,Recommended,215530,8313291,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,L_O_C_K,Fantastic hack and slash game
,Recommended,215530,8313685,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Man Who Looks Good,This game is super fun although you apparently need a decent video card to play it even though it look like Diablo 3.
,Recommended,215530,8314497,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,slysuperstar,"A very good game for an incredible price.Superb artwork combined with really a nice rpg setup is just what you need to have fun.Although the price would not indicate an A+ game, this is still a top quality game. Even the dialogues are well written and nicely voiced over.I had a real good time playing this game, and I never heard anyone saying they regretted buying it."
76561198061107157,Not Recommended,215530,8314694,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Derek,"I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this game. There is a great idea here but IMO, it is ruined by bugs and general poor coding. If you want to play a good ARPG buy Torchlight 2 and avoid this until the devs fix all the bugs."
76561198025980824,Recommended,215530,8314746,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,DARK HORSE HI-FI Dr-SIE,imo better than diablo 3 because i like a bit of comedy
,Recommended,215530,8315495,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,raven.spawn,Good game for Diablo fans.
,Recommended,215530,5362,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Tsung,"This game is awesome, really, it's very much like Diablo but fun. I haven't played the multi-player just the single player story. It's engaging, it is full of random film references the fights are challenging without being unfair and there is plenty of hidden content to get on with.It also has a tower defense element to it later in the game where you have to defend your base against swarms of enemies by placing traps and fighting off the horde. OK you only have 1 class to play (Van Helsing) and a skill tree which means you will either specialist in Melee or Ranged with a bit of magic thrown in.If I was honest, this is a much better game than Diablo 3, it doesn't force you to play and complete the game 3 times just to get to the challenging levels. A worthy purchase."
,Recommended,215530,983177,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,tbites_1,"Awesome, if you love D3 you'll love this game!!!"
76561198037256896,Recommended,215530,8306304,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,waldonbest,"Fun game, albeit an unconventional take on the story. Loved it."
,Recommended,215530,8308381,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Vāna,"It's simple fun, the weapon system is a bit clunky low level cap and the replayability is almost nil. If you can't get it on sale for cheap don't get it at all."
,Recommended,215530,8021764,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Peythe,"best $20 I've speent in a while, good story, good gameplay, and the controller support is spot on"
76561197991543605,Recommended,215530,8022161,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,copperhawk,"Awesome, but buggy.  Worth the glitches anyway."
,Recommended,215530,246103,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Dooms,"Torchlight mechanics, with a bit of a darker theme yet quite funny in places. Way better than D3 and really good value so far."
76561198027924716,Recommended,215530,7999598,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,stizzity,"Pretty fun action/rpg looting game. Visuals and enemies are pretty cool and stick with the theme of the game. Audio is pretty solid and the voice acting/dialogue is good. I've only had a few minor issues with the game freezing, but found some work arounds on the discussion forums. Hopefully gets patched soon.   Overall I'd give it an 8/10."
76561198018277953,Not Recommended,215530,8009051,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Happybytez,By video I thought I will be a Titan Quest alike - but NO it is not. Don't waste your time on it. It's so bad.
,Recommended,215530,8009509,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,hypyx,"Not alot of time spent on this game but can clearly say it is worth the price that it is, Lots of different things to do, level up in a way you want and whatever perks you feel right for your character e.g range or melee, play with friends and so much more.This game really does deserve more players especially online where it's practically dead compared to most games.The main con to this game is the poor voice acting of alot of the NPC's some are quite annoying too apart from this great game so far, i expect myself to be playing more of it soon."
76561197970475090,Recommended,215530,413501,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,DeepFriedGamer,"If you like(d) Diablo (1, 2, 3)...you will enjoy this...if you didn't...it won't do anything to change your mind."
76561197995781174,Recommended,215530,16026569,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,hedgewitch,"Reviewing this after more than 300 hours of play and after the XBox fix that ruined level reqs  for all farmed gear, etc.(since patched) and after finding out there is no character import feature in VH3 and all the other negatives there, etc.  I still love the game, and I still give it the highest of ratings for replayabily, skills system, quests, characters, artwork and location maps. The coding...not so much, but the game is quite unbuggy and playable in the main at this time. I definitely recommend it as one of the best aRPG's I've played since Diablo1&2  and TQIT. I also think the developers have consistently patched and fixed and improved both VH1 & 2, and give them props for that. I have high hopes they will fix the newest game and integrate the three chapters into one consistent experience before it's all over. That said, I would definitely wait awhile before buying VH3."
76561198032231167,Recommended,215530,4110836,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,darknight anima,you like action ?? you like rpg ?? then this game is for YOU
76561198187043474,Recommended,215530,15916709,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Tweed_Falcon,"Totally, if you are a fan, you will love it."
,Recommended,215530,15917633,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,HeadShot,"Fantastic game! All new to me, when I could play on gamepad, hadn't played diablo-like game on it before. Can't wait to play the sequel! 100% buy it"
76561197971035032,Not Recommended,215530,15917898,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Aasimar069,"This game is a shame. It starts quite well, but as soon as you are progressing through the game, the flaws appear very clearly.The maps are very small and therefore, instead of creating more areas, the devs have favored the overfilling of the few maps with thousands of monsters. Yes that's true it's a H&S, but in this game the maps are literally overcrowded by unimaginative packs of monsters.Second disappointment is when your realize that the game mechanics are botched up : adding strength also add life (good for melee fighters). If you choose to play as ranged characters, you'll have to split your stats between dexterity (ranged) and strength (for not being insta-killed by the endless swarms mentioned above), and therefore preventing your ranged character to dispatch efficiently the monsters (who are packed tight).Therefore the game is heavily favored and unbalanced at best. Combat versus the final boss is also a freaking pain to play : you have to run around in circles for literally 20 minutes (check the videos on youtube), praying that the boss and the sarm of werewolves-on-steroids will not one-shot you, as you can't save during this combat.Avoid this game by all cost, this deceiving game is not worth your trouble."
,Recommended,215530,15959755,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Borz,Great fun. Don't hesitate if you like dungeon crawlers. Lots of cool little things that differentiate this from Diablo. Love Katarina. Both having her as an assistant and the banter between her and van helsing. There's a bug with the mechanical character if you pick him.  check forums for it if you want to play through with that one.  little more challenging than most dungeon crawlers till you kind of figure it out.
76561198029635361,Recommended,215530,15964688,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Naps,"Just like Helsing's ghostly companion, this game is funny, charming, and full of pleasant surprises, but slightly overstays its welcome."
,Recommended,215530,15645813,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,KuromiAK,"The gameplay is OK, but not impressive. The art and music are good and atmospheric. What really shines is the conversation between Van Helsing and Katharina, your ghost companion. The humour intertwined between lines were probably what kept me playing.A side note, the two DLCs that add new classes for the Van Helsing only have its value in replays. I doubt this game is worth a replay so I don't recommend them."
,Not Recommended,215530,13466921,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,I've got good news. I just saved 8GB or more by uninstalling this game.
,Recommended,215530,17316,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,SkebbZ,"Surprisingly good for an ARPG, since I normally don't like them. Enjoyable gameplay and setting. Combat has a great feel to it, and feels pretty brutal."
76561198085557976,Recommended,215530,13808456,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,:O,"I really didn't think it would be so difficult getting used to this,and it might be just me,but i think the skills should have been  done diferrently,at least the rage thing,i don't like it so much,it difficult to watch over mana,over rage,over health,over Katarina's health,switching to melee/ranged with R,than having all the different things when switching,it's just a little too much.I would rather have at least a Torchlight sort of skill system,though i like Titan Quest style the most."
,Recommended,215530,13750165,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,bullbountampa,"While the level access is linear, there approaches to defeat the various areas are varied, and allow you to experiment with different methods to your heart's content.  You can grind, if you wish, and become supremely powerful or you can just play though and have fun with a steady level of challenge.  Great balance of challenge and progression without becoming overwhelming and frustrating."
76561198102772137,Not Recommended,215530,13697044,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Hatchet Harry,"This is unplayable, no explanation for any of the concepts, drops you in, and its barely fun"
,Recommended,215530,13656413,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Localhorst,Does a lot of things right. Very polished game and lots of fun for fans of the genre.Only downside I saw was that the game felt a little short (took 20 hours to complete).Highly recommended.
76561198045930029,Recommended,215530,13662953,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ludwig Boltzmann,"Its a decent game but, it is extremely short even if you explore abit and it isnt nearly as good as Diablo 3 or Torchlight2.I would give it a 7.8/10"
76561198018090321,Recommended,215530,13773965,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Ultra,Excellent diablo like game set in the van helsing lore! Great loot and story. Highly recommended!
76561198083879001,Recommended,215530,13324772,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,n2beer,"Not a bad game at all. I am still hung up on Torchlight II, but this is a nice hack and slash change of pace."
,Recommended,215530,13326849,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,juanMa2V,Diablo-style with humor. Get it at a sale.
76561197973005212,Not Recommended,215530,13188198,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,hayse_man,I really wanted to like this game.  It has a very setting being in the Van Helsing Universe. As well as great production value. But the core mechanics of the game are very lacking.Every time I engage in combat the frame rate drops rather considerably despite what setting it is on.Also the combat lacks a tactile feel to it making it feel rather shallow instead of engaging.The menues are not as well developed or organize then they need to be.And I find the map and quest design to be somewhat generic.I  don't find this game very enjoyable because of these faults. Maybe the sequal recify these problems that I have but this version dissapointed me. :(
,Recommended,215530,13247151,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Meowface,"This game was surprisingly good. I was looking for something to scratch that old ""Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance"" itch and this did well."
,Recommended,215530,18258142,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,mikehobbit,one for me and one for wife... what a mistake. gtx 880 I7  win 10 . crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash   crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash crash crach crash crash.   If only it was a free game but oh well they want money for broken software. Its like a teas game you play for like 5 min then crash over and over and over. Of course they dont say hey our game crashes.
76561198035283988,Recommended,215530,18126531,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,morteza56,is funny and getting excited because  The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing: Final Cut is coming in Sep 23 (3 days ).i love that series .
,Recommended,215530,18177844,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Joeyrp314,"It is a very fun game that i love playing, but the only thing that is sad about it is the fact that i have no friends that play it."
,Recommended,215530,8747741,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Armanestra,Really great game! Enjoying it a lot. Plays similar to Torchlight and POE.
,Recommended,215530,18247816,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,HollySane,"we all have firsts right? I remember mine, it wasn't this game though (resident evil 4) but this one was one of my first top down arpg. borrowed my friend's copy from a recommendation and found out that top down arpgs kinda grew on me. I know hours seem a little too short on my steam account but I guess I contributed more on both my friend's and cousin's account. anyways, this one is the first of it's kind/series and it isn't the last. I heavily recommend players getting all three in the trilogy, better yet, get the final cut if you're in for the adventure, or get all three and allegedly get the final cut version for free, whichever. anyways, this game sets the bar pretty high for the others within the same genre. Holly out."
,Recommended,215530,18109199,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,j0ny_brav0,A good action rpg game.
76561198065596449,Recommended,215530,18152686,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,VonSelle,"Super fun! Quirky, imaginative, the story, the art is very, very good. Hopeful, & looking forward, to many more installations in this series. Thank you to all the team responsible for this game, well done!"
76561198010800766,Recommended,215530,17759946,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,73%
76561198007947395,Recommended,215530,2476928,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Mike,Pretty fun ARPG. Well worth the money.
76561198030819675,Recommended,215530,15760862,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,haropedro,"This game is cool, you need to buy the DLC,  to make the game more interesting. However its a good game  overall.There is alot of actions and you can buy more characters at 4.99  each to enhace your experience. I be looking forward to the newest edition of Van helsing 3."
76561198165800981,Not Recommended,215530,17305539,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Dark Storm,"This game looked very cool and fun to play in the trailer and other peoples reviews were very positive but this game has a very very low frame rate and I am not just saying that because my computer couldn't run the game. I  have a brand new computer that plays all my games, to the highest setting, well.  The character and enemies in the game were very slow moving and unresponsive to my mouse clicks so do not get this game it is very misleading and a waste of $14."
,Recommended,215530,17274078,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Malvadanya,"Se for pra jogar coop sim, a não ser..."
,Recommended,215530,17342826,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,malkav11,"I'd heard very mixed things about The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, but I do enjoy a good ARPG and this one had a unique setting and some interesting mechanics to recommend it, so I gave it a go. I'm surely glad I did, because Van Helsing is one of my favorite ARPGs to date. Now, I know a lot of people go into these games looking primarily at theorycrafting builds and chasing loot. If you're one of those people, take my opinions with a grain of salt because that isn't what I get out of them at all. Oh, sure, making my numbers go up is a hook in any RPG and I get a basic pleasure out of that sort of thing, but I need something more than that to make loot genuinely compelling - unique modifiers like Diablo 3's legendaries or Marvel Heroes' uniques and artifacts, that sort of thing. And I'm not going to replay the game enough to really tweak a build into optimal form. I just want a variety of classes with cool powers that give visceral feedback when I use them.Van Helsing's loot is capable enough - a spread of rarities including epic and set gear (and, though I didn't see any, legendaries), an enchantment system, a separate ""essence"" system, a forge where you can feed unwanted gear to roll new items (and later get some control over what you're crafting), a gambling vendor, etc. Fairly standard Diablo-type fare, no notable lack but none of the unique effect hooks that really get my motor running. Classes are definitely fun - I played an Arcane Mechanic and chucked around grenades while spawning turrets and mechanical spiders, but I could have gone a bunch of other ways or tried the base game Hunter (a traditional monster hunter with sword and gun) or the other DLC class, the Thaumaturge (an occult specialist). And the skill system seems robust and innovative, with various temporary powerups to pump rage into on your primary skills and expertise bonuses you can buy into to further improve your favored abilities, as well as a stacking bonus to everything whenever you spend skill points in your main tree and bonuses at certain thresholds. Beyond that, there's a ""reputation"" track to level by killing champions and bosses that lets you select perks to further customize your build, unlocked by achieving various criteria during the game. And once you've hit the level cap there's even a ""glory"" system for further tweaking your character in post-story modes.So all that's well and good. But really, what sold me on the game is the story mode itself. Oh, it's not a tremendously deep or nuanced story, although it's a bit more creative and interesting than the typical ARPG story. But it takes you through dozens of handmade, beautiful, atmospheric levels that are densely packed with monsters, quests, and secrets. And treasure, of course. The game really rewards you for digging into every last nook and cranny of every map and talking to all the NPCs, triggering special bosses, rare loot drops, stat rewards and more. As someone who really enjoys exploration in videogames, this is exactly the sort of thing I am clamoring for."
76561198040217248,Recommended,215530,17331326,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,AwesomeEK,It's a nice game. Has a few bugs (crashes after loading sequences) but overall it's cool! :)Definitely gonna play the next ones.
76561197977130492,Recommended,215530,17881008,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,kilerk,Surprisingly fun and well made. Hugh Jackman would be pleased.
76561198034582159,Not Recommended,215530,17884504,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sleeper,"Still a buggy mess. Got stuck in Acr 2 finding Breda. Searched the forums for a solution and same bug in 2013. It is now 2015 and still not fixed!To sum up this game...pretty much a Diablo 2 clone. Enemies are not chanllenging, just waves after huge waves of enemies. Way too much use of aoe abilities, got so tiredsome after a while. Havne't finisged this game and don't plan to.Overall score 4/10"
76561197970728391,Recommended,215530,17897335,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Old Man 678,"Fun game with some nice graphics and a good story. Fairly short and definitely a tough game to play. Be prepared to die alot when you play normal or higher. Lots of secret places, objects and achievements here as well.Challenging game and a tough, fun and rewarding final battle. The voice asting in this game was very well done with several humorous moments. A change of style from Diablo and the great many clones that are out there.  Excellent fun at an excellent price."
76561198140974275,Recommended,215530,17633755,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,SilverFox1,"If you're into rpg/adventure games, especially point&click w/gamepad options, then you're in for a treat. Been playing the storymode for over 10 hours still in the early/mid stages of the game. So far, I like the upgrades, & cusomization of your characters, weapons, items, & abilities. Just expect to have some patience in this game, because you may die alot! :( In certain areas or levels like ""Gallowsbog"", you'll be swarmed by a horde of enemies trapping you at a deadend, surrounding you, even chasing you which is kind of ludicrous, but I like the challenge. I've recently played a Van Helsing(Xbox)game based on a movie starring Hugh Jackman, which I enjoyed but never got to finish. But IMO, this game is alot better with more modes, & co-op/mp. For those who have played the Diablo Series, WarMech, & League of Legends, this is highly recommended!! :)Gameplay: 4/5, Graphics: 4.5/5, Story: 4/5, Replay: 3.75/5, Overall: 4.5/5"
,Recommended,215530,17634940,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sunset,This game is a bit difficult to get started with. You can get ganged up on quite easily but ig you fight group to group it's a really good game. It's awesome to play with friends
,Recommended,215530,17637387,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,shrewdlogarithm,"VH isn't amazing but it's a solid old-school ARPG - one I finally finished after a few abortive attempts - and one you'll probably enjoy too.It's not without flaws tho - be aware that the difficulty is all-over-the-place, the upgrade trees aren't amazing (lots of ineefective stuff) and your sidekick is mainly useful for selling the TONNES of junk you'll findGood News is that the story/design is fine and once you find a build which works for you (clue: ignore ranged completely) you'll have fun.If only the sequel refined this instead of leaving all the bad stuff as-is and spoiling the other bits - hey ho"
,Recommended,215530,9485590,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,GawainZ,A awsime feel
,Recommended,215530,9487930,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Marish,Really great Co-op game. Enjoyed it alot.
,Recommended,215530,9655695,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,NOXNOX,"Fun and long lasting: Unique gameplay with ASD buttons and more detailed user interface.I certainly enjoyed it although to maximise the feel of the game ,you should get the dlc package as well."
76561198126653412,Recommended,215530,9656307,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,howeconnor9,awesome game. Very fun. would love updates!
76561198059596560,Recommended,215530,9880126,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,NORD,An enjoyable game with good story.Playing style like diablo but it needs more characters more items.
,Recommended,215530,9887885,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Lydia,Yes.
,Recommended,215530,9334688,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,azninja30,"Fun little ARPG that had a great world, enemies, and a pretty cool character. I don't like how enemies that you kill are permanently dead, but i can look past that with the interesting tower defence mechanic that I wished was a bit more used in the game. I only wished that the game gave more of an incentive to replay it again. Favorite part of the game 4 me is the bodacious ghostly companion u have and I do love a clever companion, but with more customization (if u know wat I mean ;) )"
,Not Recommended,215530,9964927,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,zekdemir,"The game is nice but it becomes nonsense once the normal story mode is finished. It is not balanced when playing the higher difficulty modes. It is not like, say, Dungeon Siege 2 because it does not add anything new for the higher difficulty settings. It is extremely and ridiculously difficult which makes it impossible to enjoy it anymore. Considering the low price of the game, I think the developers did not want to put too much effort on that account and this game has pretty much come up as a game which is fun for only once. So I believe they messed up this game because it had great potential. I hope the second will be a lot better than this. Finding a nice game like this and not being able to get the most out of it is very disappointing."
76561198051166142,Recommended,215530,13478997,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Feetuska,"Well this one is quite interesting. It's an action rpg that has some a fancy fantasy theme in it.I'd recommend getting yourself a controller because aiming and pressing the right buttons becomes much easier.The gameplay is about blowing, shooting and burning enemies. Huge swarms of them actually so most of the time your screen is full of blood and dead creatures. This is actually a good thing and seeing that happen half of the time while you are playing this is actually quite fun.3.5/5"
,Not Recommended,215530,13480632,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Oli,"Don't buy this game, if you want to play in CO-OP. It's too buggy, you will get freezes every 15 minutes, you will need to load again because one of your mates didn't save the quest progress.I really like this game, it's fun to play with a gamepad, but it's simply unplayable in coop. Everytime someone else than the host joins a new area first, his game freezes. Sometimes if you die, port back to town, you freeze. Sometimes your spells don't work, sometimes you port, but the game freezes. I played the game with 2 friends, everyone had the same issues, we searched for possible solutions like compabilty mode, worse graphics etc. still the same problems. it's really annoying since the game is out over a year already and most of the bug threads are older than a year. it's really dissapointing since it might be a really nice game, but without any support (and i guess there wont be any fixes - they prefered to release the second game with obviously the same bugs (just google for it)) its crap.Me and my friends won't support this company again. It's pretty cheecky to advertise this game as ""CO-OP"""
76561197989009079,Recommended,215530,13411847,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Rockpilez,a great game similar to the torchlight games. reminded me much of warcraft before world of. on sale it is a easy buy but there is considerable choice out there in fantasy gaming. about 20 hrs of playing with the option of 3 classes and redoing the whole story at 30+ level (higher item drops and tougher monsters).
76561198131562705,Recommended,215530,13412292,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Cody234,awesome!
76561198033603766,Recommended,215530,13707166,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BobZilla,"So far the game is well worth the price.  If you enjoy action rpg games and interesting monsters then give it a go.  It is not quite  as good as Torch light 2 but the graphics are comparable. The character ability/skill trees take some getting used to, yet work well."
,Recommended,215530,13720742,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,fista1,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is one of the best ARPG I've ever played. Why?Let's start with the graphics. It looks beautiful. In my opinion, it's the best looking ARPG I've ever played. Finally some ARPG that overcome Titan Quest in this part. The soundtrack is also very good.I also like the enviroment. The game takes place in a country called Borgovia. It's similiar to the one you've seen in the original Van Helsing film. The nature and the village you will visit seems to be inspired by medieval Hungary and Romania. In most of the cases, the enemies you will face in the country will be monsters- wolves, spiders, but also Rusalka, a beast from Slavic myths. The situation will change once you enter the capital city, Borgova. The city contains more steampunk elements, e.g. robot soldiers or mutants, than the countryside. Some of the buildings there are inspired by buildings from our world.What I like the most about this games is the humour. In addition to the easter eggs, the dialogs between your character and Katarina are also well written and amusing.There is also a tower defence minigame. In this minigame, three waves of enemies would like to get into your base and you must stop them. In order to do that, you can put traps on the way to your lair. It can be a platform that will activate once an enemy will step on it. Or you can place various towers next to the path leading to your base. And of course, you and Katarina will also take place in preventing your enemies to get there.What I don't like very much is the fact that skills needs mana and they also have cooldown time after you've used them. I think it is not necessary. If you ask me, I believe that only one of those should be used. I would rather use only mana, like it is done in Torchlight. And also the fact that you can shoot enemies that are below or above you is not very good, in my opinion."
76561198014177954,Recommended,215530,11115211,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,hanuryukiou,Van Helsing is a great game and short game that offer a good dose of playtime for any ARPG fans.
76561198038242746,Recommended,215530,10924159,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,pooh58392003,This is a great game if you like Diablo then this game is for you.  I found it to be better than Diablo.  The characters were well voice acted and the story was fun to play through.  The levels were different and the missions were fun.
76561198134000679,Recommended,215530,10926324,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,no.division,I dig it!
76561198032140201,Recommended,215530,10928664,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,3Dogg,Good game fun to play
,Recommended,215530,7329024,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Педобир,Игра ништяк:))
76561198053496740,Recommended,215530,11128675,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Bustanutami,This game is AMAZING the story is very addicting (to me it is ) I would play this for hours i highly recomend this game if you are into rpg/tabletop view games with some old western style charecter. somethings about this game is that you could do a number of combinations to what you wanna use such as a gun or a sword(s) theres not alot that i dislike about the game maybe the fact that if you leave a area for to long every monster respawns and you have to go threw the proccess of killing all of them agian.
76561197997936310,Recommended,215530,11128756,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Airemon,"Fun game, great sense of humor and takes me back to the good days of Diablo style play."
,Recommended,215530,5114981,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Warondar,An awesome little game with all the fun stuff a good diablo type game should be like.
,Recommended,215530,17158563,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Kengur,"tldr story and voice acting make this enjoyable for some time.This game is fun for exactly 20h i.e. the first time you play through the story. It has some nice humor. The skill set is kinda meh. I think Torchlight is a more polished game, even though you use at most 2 skills there. The bugs are mostly fixed by now. But the difficulty is not balanced."
76561197972939512,Recommended,215530,17090241,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,jozuasgrunt,"Fun hacknslash, bland ending.Works great with controller."
,Recommended,215530,560969,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,dwoxox,"An incredible hack and slash ARPG. Once you try it, you spend a lot of hours not only by slashing hordes of  monsters but also by puzzling, interviewing NPCs, planning combat strategy and building your own Van Helsing. This game has got more style than even James Dean had. It is a must-have for all Diablo and/or Torchlight fans."
76561198050941348,Recommended,215530,8825244,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,thelronpatriot,"Really good game, if you're into the whole being a monster hunter with a ghost/demon for a companion, this is your thing."
76561198074697771,Recommended,215530,9213402,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ladyferal,"Fun little game, easy to get the hang of but it has a nice storyline to enjoy."
76561198043771465,Recommended,215530,9218314,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Black Mage,"This game gives you ample oppurtunity to stab werewolves while wearing a bowler hat.  If this is completely unappealing to you, I don't know what else I can say."
,Recommended,215530,7420497,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,deagnar,"20 minutes of play, and I already find this game more engaging than Torchlight 2.update: 14 hrs played.  Game was fantastic."
,Recommended,215530,8953313,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Lausanna,"When I first fired this up I was all ""Meh...another shamelessly derivitive Diablo clone. Let's see how long it takes to bore me to tears."" The next thing I knew it was way past midnight. Pure hack n slash satisfaction, with a healthy dose of funny references and jokes to satisfy your inner geek. Doesn't overstay it's welcome like so many ARPGs - just the right length. Looking forward to the rest of the trilogy."
,Recommended,215530,8957642,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Genotype Jim,"So far it's capped at lvl 30 and when you finish the end boss thats kinda it... well you can play again on hard or try your hand at multiplayer or some challenge maps but it has a definite sense of completion about it. Not that this is an altogether bad thing when compared to Diablo (which knows nothing of completion).I think the best part of this game is the pants... thats right I said PANTS! Well pants... and weapons sorting. The game gives you a clear indication of what items are better than what you are carrying by highlighting in green or red  (+ or -), what the new weapon will do if you equip it. Even in damage per second!!! This made pant sorting so much easier. Oh and they have borrowed the Torchlight pet ability in that you can send your ghostly companion back to town with loot to sell and she'll bring back potions (very handy if you want to push through the levels).Can't wait for an expansion. If you like your Diablo vampiry and your pants neatly folded in your draw, GET THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,215530,9199694,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,animeowl,"this game was a horrible knock off of diablo 2 and it just did not feel.... right. it felt as tho every time i attacked my game was going to freeze which even on the lowest of quality it still did, aswell the setting scheme for when ur trying to adjust sumthing as minor as quality or controls were scatered i wouyld like to say"
76561198079712445,Recommended,215530,9180051,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,negobrian,"o jogo é top! nao vejo a hora de sair o 2, com certeza eu vou comprar!!"
76561198003328637,Recommended,215530,9180142,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Klasik z Nescafe,In my opinion it's very good game. I like this kind of RPG. But the biggest minus is its length. It's too short. I thought I'm in the middle of the game and... suddenly the game ended. In the Christmas discount event the price was more than nice. :)
,Recommended,215530,5104511,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Ari Jr.,"In the good old diablo style with an amazing story and fantastic characters, but inexplicably innovative."
,Recommended,215530,8346215,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,neO_^,NiCE G4ME
76561197970835490,Recommended,215530,9136504,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,robblindsay,"This for me was one of the highligts of the last sale, very competently done, good dialogue, very impressive and well detailed backdrops, a decent variety of things to kill and a competently done Diablo 2-esque control and combat system. The main star of the show in this game for me is the setting, a steampunk inspired continuation of the story of Van Helsing. There is even a little off colour humour from your companion, and this is even played just right so it doesn't become overbearing.Another pleasant feature is the depth of the world, there's loads of little side missions you can do that you discover during your travels, they don't affect the main plot but they add so much flavour to the world.The game does have its downsides however, it can vary greatly in difficulty in places, varying from very, very easy to punishingly difficult, this isn't too much of a problem though and can be easily overlooked. There is also a tower defence section, while optional I really don't like tower defence and found it kind of tacked on and unnecessary.Yes it's all been done before but does that make it any less fun? I don't think so, I'd give it a 8/10"
,Not Recommended,215530,9613321,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,CoasterCraft Gold,Poorly balanced and not even in your favor. Don't run hardcore.
76561198026819889,Recommended,215530,9613687,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,SpyHawkXII,all i have to say is they need to add more character
76561198004723726,Recommended,215530,9614948,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,chitototoy,"BUGGED and SLUGGISH. Very visual game, stunning imagery. But has a few game breaking bugs. I hope some of them may be addressed in the future"
76561198009302907,Recommended,215530,9628065,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Dafuq,Great game.  Liked it better than Diablo 3.
76561198027355894,Not Recommended,215530,9637998,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,dawnage,"Well this definitely wasn't Incredible.And for a lack of a better pun it could be just as well renamed to Van HELLsing.First of all - I nearly ruined my mouse on this pointless hack-n-slashery.Second - too many traits and skills and you STILL have a snowball's chance in hell of surviving.Third - often the enemies swarm you so densely, that the whole thing turns into one big ugly clusterf**k.Fourth - You have to pay a subscription fee or whatnot to get better drops and toughen up? Excuse you, but that's just dumb marketting if the game is unentertaining to begin with.Fifth - Let's not even get started on the wannabe-witty story and dialogue.Sixth - woo graphics. However, the gorgeous setting and design gets outweighed by crappy gameplay and everything else.Seventh - savepoints/checkpoints are far between. If you need to stop playing sooner for any reasonable reason, everything respawns and you can start all over again.Eighth - A game shouldn't motivate you to hoard ALL the items dropped just to sell them off.Ninth - When you get repeatedly swarmed and cannot survive a full 10 seconds upon entering a new location that's poor level design.and last - don't. waste. your. money."
,Recommended,215530,192915,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Amakusa,If you are a fan of Diablo 2 you will love this great voice acting tons of lore and a deep story deep skill tree's and stat system for both you and Lady Kat tons of loot to be found tons and tons of free updates with new content and two more games planned.
,Recommended,215530,1452715,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Meph504,"Fun Diablo 3 style game, its fairly short, its install size is massive, but over all a pretty solid game"
76561197991155039,Recommended,215530,16769488,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Walpurgis,"A fun quick romp, storyline was ok but the gameplay more than made up for it."
76561198027209660,Not Recommended,215530,16001065,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,groovieknave,"This game is bugged enough to annoy you while playing, but at least you want to play it. Unfortunately, I've run in to so much nonsense that I can't really stand to play it sometimes.1. Using a controller, for some reason here and there it just can't seem to get to certain slots on the inventory. Of course they had to be annoying and make it a stupid circle. They couldn't be bothered to make it up and down. This gets really frustrating when your inventory is full or you get a good item and you want to equip it... might as well forget it.2. Randomly my attacks don't work, they stop firing projectiles or making the animation and I have to either teleport to town or restart the game.3. Sometimes can't connect, and sometimes horrendus lag. I look at how many people are playing and theres roughly 400 per day... and I imagine some of those aren't even online.4. They've updated this game many times but never fixed these issues, and if you play you know they exist. So either the developers don't play or they don't care about their game.Don't bother playing this one, you aren't missing anything."
76561198048175854,Recommended,215530,16060464,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,celestialend,Lots of fun here. Awesome diablo alternative. Game is pretty unforgivable when it comes to the overwhelming amount of monster that swarm you. But still highly enjoyable
76561198032401141,Recommended,215530,16090412,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ciaoraptor,I will hate to see this game end. Its a very good game. I really have enjoyed all 3. I would say to anyone that this is a great trilogy. Great buy and fun to play.
76561198073351897,Recommended,215530,16122395,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Renegade Demon,Full review available here:https://zangramarsh.wordpress.com/2015/06/01/the-incredible-adventures-of-van-helsing-1-by-neocore/RUNDOWN:+ProsGood soundDecent GraphicsPlays well-ConsSome poor gameplay decisions (enemy difficulty/mob zergfest)Diablo CloneRides the line with DLCDecent but nothing really unique. Worth the price and goes on sale often.
76561198049384357,Recommended,215530,16787314,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Pulcherada,"Great gothic mood and funny dark irony: definitely what diablo 3 missed, at a far cheaper price. Very good!"
76561198046640675,Recommended,215530,15027827,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Sleepy Joe,"Just pretty awesome game, not to overspaced - not to overbraind. Cool story & cool action. Just for every one!Try to get the first game and the second one. Cuz you can import youre char., from VH1 in to the second game VH2! For it you need just to have youre char to be lvl30+ in VH1."
,Recommended,215530,2948145,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Psycopaz,"Brilliant!Anyone who loved Torchlight, Titans Quest or even Diablo will enjoy this."
,Recommended,215530,7976676,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fabiodens,"I just played this game non-stop yesterday. The graphics is not so great and the cut-scenes absolutely suck! But you know what? I don't care anymore, the game is good and it's the $5 price tag is a snag. Oh, yeah, I bought it during a sale. I wouldn't buy it though if it's not, I am cheap that way. :D6/10"
76561198048512816,Recommended,215530,16393064,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bliss,เล่นโหมดยากแล้วยากชิบ ภาพในเกมก็ปวดตาแต่ผีน่ารักดี บทพูดเขียนมาได้ดีเลยล่ะประทับใจบทพูดตอนเวลาส่งผีสาวไปซือของ พอแก้เหงาให้แวนเฮลได้อยู่
76561198055762608,Recommended,215530,16408940,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ortzz,"This game is janky, but a good kind of janky. It is a little bit broken, not super creative, very campy, but a whole lot of fun.I would say though that the best thing about the game is that it is self aware and knows that it wants to be a game where you use Van Helsing to slay thousands of monsters. This game lacks creative risks that would make it groundbreaking, but it instead focuses on making you feel like a badass monster slayer by using tried and true action rpg mechanics. This is elivated by the world of Van Helsing, which is filled with mechanical werewolfs, broken zepplins, revolutionary vampires, and of course your creepy russian ghost sidekick. Environments were not always super varied, but they were often well crafted and worth exploring, filled with loot and strange minions. It also helps that every part of almost every map is just filled to the brim with monsters, meaning you pretty much always had something to do. Sure, a game with a lot of combat is not super creative, but enimies were just different enough that I would need to use different strategies to kill them and the thrill of watching a bunch of loot explode out of them was just inspiering enough to make it all seem worthwhile.One thing worth mentioning is how much game this offers. I played through the game exactly once and that is where I plan to stop, but there is a new game plus mode and an endless mode of some sort. I'm not sure what they are, but the amount of content you get for the price is pretty good (maybe not rpg standards, it's not 80 hours afterall), so I certainly would pick it up during a sale if you just want an action game that will take your time.It is one of those rare games that gets better as you play it, the combat really opens up when you have a bunch of moves and the banter between Van Helsing and his ghost partner actually becomes pretty funny from time to time. I left the game glad I had spent the time I did with it, and looking forward to playing the other ones in the franchise. If you want a campy yet solid ARPG, get this."
,Recommended,215530,16410498,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,beastsauron,Whats there to say:Good storyfun gameplaymusic is pretty goodso far loveing it recommened anyone that loves diablo9/10
,Not Recommended,215530,16411333,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,thesoundofthings,"This is a fully serviceable isometric action RPG. All told, it doesn't really bring anything new or exciting to the genre, and there are plenty other (and free) games out there that will scratch the isometric ARPG itch if that's your interest. The reason to get this game is the atmosphere, which is does really well. But the mediocre voice acting and story aren't goin to assist anyone in feeling sucked into the game. This is a do not recommend unless you're a huge RPG fan looking of something new, or you're a big fan of the traditional monster scene."
,Recommended,215530,2425825,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,hachoo!,"A surprisingly fun action RPG game.  If you like games like Diablo and Torchlight, be sure tho pick this one up :)"
76561198067792509,Recommended,215530,16453390,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,jamesnappertandy,"Really surprised by this game. On the surface it seemed to be merely a basic top down hack and slash, but it has turned out to be a deep and immersive game. Its ideal for people who typically love exploring whole maps and finding every chest and bit of gold or gear available. Would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,215530,16431324,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,amaret0,"Game is not optimized. I tried alot of tweaks on my PC (my PC is good one, can handle with the most of the latest games on decent graphic, and, Van Helsing is not the latest achievement in game graphics perspective....) and game still runs very slowly, skills are casting slowly, mobs are coming slowly (like it is 5 fps....), everything runs slowly.... Very frustrating and not optimized at all :( Read alot on internet, and found that this issue is observed by many people, and nobody cares and nobody developing a fix for this....:(Really sad :(Despite that fact, the game offers very good variety of skills and combinations and things to do.So, it is not bad at all(if we can swallow slowlyness...)."
,Recommended,215530,16444336,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sleaker,"Van Helsing can be quirky at times, and Neocore's support can definitely be lacking, but at this point I'd say the game is worth the $ and the storyline if you're a fan of Isometric Action RPG or Hack and Slash genre.   The skill/class system works a bit odd as you're limited to 2 skills on the hotbar at a time.  It makes taking multiple skills in the class tree feel punishing as you wont be able to use them all.  It also feels like there are way too many possibilities for the secondary skills that would be nice to get, but because they use the same skill points as your main class skills the tradeoffs don't seem to make sense.  Overall the Class progression could have been done much better, but the value here is in the price and the amount of time to play through the storyline and try a couple different character builds out."
,Recommended,215530,16209512,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MJunior,Awesome!
,Recommended,215530,18464539,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,dzx,Its like diablo....but named differenly. Achievements are a joke.
,Recommended,215530,30575313,Posted: 17 March,all,John | јохн ꓘК,Killing and running around with a chicken gives you achievments. 100% true devs who know what to insert into a game. 10/10
76561198071888074,Recommended,215530,18715541,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Chronolink,"Fun game, similar to Diablo in many concepts. Having a companion that can go sell your♥♥♥♥♥♥is a nice convenient touch. Thoroughly enjoyed, 8/10"
,Recommended,215530,18755643,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SyX II,Approved!
76561198047489593,Recommended,215530,18744061,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,123,Nice Game :D And it's a Trilogy!! ^_^
76561197997754193,Not Recommended,215530,18759377,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,redford71,"Bought this game with all the DLC.  Crashes to desktop after a few minutes.  Tried a few different fixes, still crashes to desktop.  Running Windows 10 with a high end pc.  Gave up on it, uninstalled."
76561198049877592,Not Recommended,215530,18737750,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,MaX.Br4CeR.Inc,this game stucks and reboots every 10 mins♥♥♥♥♥♥i hate this
76561198146403596,Recommended,215530,18801819,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mallilapio,Little buggy sometimes but all in all a nice game. I like looting.
,Not Recommended,215530,18807379,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,complexevil,"This is discount Diablo, I do not recomend this game."
,Recommended,215530,12288659,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Tardus Roricus,"What a fantastic game! Can't recommend it enough if you're into Diablo 1/2 or TL 1/2. Whilst Diablo3 was a good game it just didn't have that same feel to it, where as The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing hits the nail right on the head. Short I'll admit, but totally worth it."
76561198022003724,Recommended,215530,12288856,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,alan_ferrett,Diablo 2.5 meets monsters and madness.
,Recommended,215530,10951460,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,O'Neill,"Why buying this game:- Locations: dark, dull places really fit for a Van Helsing game;- Main story: Really interesting, it were ages I didn't feel caught by a game;- Dialogues, quests: Finally a game where your character is not a total idiot (or worse) that interacts with other idiots;- Humor: Yes, the cake is a lie.Why NOT to buy:- Imbalanced classes: You can roll an hunter and face-roll every enemy on your way, or you can just suck.- End-Game: Not so enjoyable as the main story, quite boring (I want to level up, damn!!)- Hats: seriously guys, I play Van Helsing for the hat, but in the higher levels they are just awful!"
76561197978848097,Recommended,215530,10952018,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Celdoir,"This game was surprisingly fun and fairly well polished. If you enjoyed Titan Quest, Champions of Norrath, and Torchlight, you'll like Van Helsing. Its cheesy horrible voice acting is laughable but the gameplay and environments are top notch. Would play again 8/10"
,Recommended,215530,12367458,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Faris,"Without a doubt, my favorite dungeon crawling game. Everything is done right. It has a linear story with slight control over a few things for the immersion factor. The UI is highly functional and easy to understand. The skill trees have no pitfalls and let you build the player as they want, yet it won't give you everything. On normal mode, it's a perfect balance between easy and hard, always providing a challenge. The characters are charming and offer a lot of humor. It has some easter eggs referencing Lord of the Rings and Monty Python, but does it in a way that won't make you shake your head in disappointment, like some other action RPGs.... *cough* BL2 *cough*. Even the achievements gave off of the right kind of vibe to where you feel actually accomplished by getting one, and have the motivation to get others. The art direction is fantastic, and the graphics look beautiful. Though, it's endorsed by NVIDIA, so it may not run as smoothly using AMD parts due to some sneaky hardware lock-outs. I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves Diablo or Victorian/Gothic fiction.You even get a spunky ghost sidekick"
76561198028721484,Recommended,215530,9418238,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Kiwi,"It's a Diablo clone, but I can gib a werewolf with a pistol as the son of Van Helsing.. 11/10"
,Recommended,215530,9419857,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Doogz,Good Action RPG with an okay story.  Nothing very exciting here.  Fun to switch between a couple different weapons and abilities quickly.  A little too much going on with the skill points.  I'd recommend this game only to those that enjoy this type of gameplay.
76561197961914449,Recommended,215530,9434745,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Quenchiest,"Pleasantly surprised by this one. Neat little ARPG with some replay value. Voice acting and story was decent with a few cringey actors here and there. Unfortunately, the skills system makes it pretty much impossible to have more than 4 active combat sklils at once, and 2 auras with no way to switch them unless you want to spend thousands of gold reseting your skill points. While gold is plentiful at the end of the game, it still seems like a poor design choice.I also felt the level limit and skill points available to be very low. I understand this was for balance reasons, but you really don't feel truly powerful at max level, and your skill options are limited due to the UI and skill tree designs.Overall, still enjoyable and well worth the $6 sale price I paid for the complete pack."
,Recommended,215530,9156434,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The Owl,"The Future Generations of what we used to know as kids- Diablo Game.In this great graphics game, you will never feel bored or that alone playing it as this is mainly a single payer game.What makes it this way is all thanks to the character development of the katarina 'ghost' who follows you around and assist you in battles. She was designed to be a humorous and engaging companion throughout this game. The voice accent and story is quite well planned out. Its her interaction with you that makes the game a whole new level unlike in diablo where you wander around in the woods with yourself and your erm, mud monsters who doesn't talk.I started with the complete pack demo kit on 'normal' mode'. Which was great since the monster aren't too overpowering that might make you give up playing the game. Afterall, you wanna just enjoy playing & finish the game story not engraging yourself trying so hard to kill the monsters. Or actually, them killing you. Another great thing is that you can respawn on the same spot you died by paying 'coins'. Gone are the days where dying means restarting the whole mission and having to walk all the way back for the same battle. In saying this , note that you will be a invisible ghost for few seconds, allowing you to move around before respawning as a human and meanwhile still being chased by the monsters that once killed you before...Weapons & skills are fun & have a pretty acceptable range to choose from. The abilitys and skills are too not advanced nor complicated, to me as a 21 years old (Girl) gamer.  Another plus point.Recommended for people who don't want to go for the games that is too addictive such as team fortess which you can play hours after hours trying to kill people without any objective really. For somewho like me who have a full time job commitment but is a young adult that would like to enjoy a simple yet satisfing & engaging game, this is the one.P.S i searched so hard on steam & finally found it <3P.S [Part 2] I finished the game within two weeks. So i must say the story is kinda short. And there is not point purchasing those arcane classes stuff. Becos there isnt really a 'never ending story'. They said that becos in reality , it means restarting the game with different class but same map, monester & story. And God, that is boring as hell!!"
,Recommended,215530,9283925,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Diogeno[ITA],"This game is an ok. It could have been better but the voice acting, the various bugs and the AI of your whining companion Katarina ruin the experience.I don't advice to do a ranged class since if you move south you cannot see enemies incoming making your range advantage useless and since katarina is useless as a tank.There are better games of the genre"
,Recommended,215530,9578827,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Razoredge198,"I wouldn't say INCREDIBLE... Jesus, talk about being arrogant."
76561198078038425,Recommended,215530,9579380,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,RJJ,i like the choices of the games that are here just need to add more variety to it .
76561198085096846,Recommended,215530,9599166,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,bountyhunterx9x,"A very fun game with alot of cool badass weapons, clothes, and armor to use good for the average and non average action adventure gamer plus its not hard to play as well."
76561198021707293,Recommended,215530,9293670,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,EdenKairos,This is a pretty solid hack and slash title. Nothing really new with the exception of really great pet abilities. Beautiful atmosphere with an interesting setting. A must have for any fan of Vampire Hunters and Victorian inspired Steampunk culture.
76561197964798094,Recommended,215530,193122,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,MadAsAHatter,Torchlight in steam punk clothes and a zombie hat. Nothing new or fancy but absolutely worth the $15.
76561198033116911,Recommended,215530,4164424,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Bosmer Wilwarïn,Une véritable petite merveille indépendante ! A conseiller vivement et le tout pour 15 eu. que demande le peuple...
,Recommended,215530,15903659,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,[IG] RedJacket,"This game is a pretty fun diablo-like, the ghost companion is always on hand with witty comments and some tankin'. Good gameplay, adequate story (not like any arpg's are exactly going to be nominated for any writing awards anytime soon) Havn't played it co-op yet but I don't doubt it'd be great fun THAT'S A HINT BY THE WAY GUYS.Well worth, especially now it's only ten quid for the franchise bundle."
,Recommended,215530,16289563,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MasterYiorgos,"Majestic game, worth every cent, I would absolutely recommend to fans of ARPG's.The only downside is the huge amount of loading screens between transitions to towns.Really annoying.8/10Love Lady Katarina."
,Recommended,215530,16314028,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,baby bird,You die a lot.
76561198039985795,Recommended,215530,16332372,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,DK,Still the best in the series
,Not Recommended,215530,16482572,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lau,"shervin, jij homo"
76561198100198999,Not Recommended,215530,16485324,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lash,tediously boring
,Recommended,215530,8266958,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,RWBurnham,"With the gorgeous graphics, entertaining dialog, interesting leveling system, fun combat and an interesting story, there is plenty to like about this action RPG. Sadly, by the 18th hour, I realized combat had become tedious and cheap. This game is still worth checking out, especially since it's a budget title, but you would be wise to bring a friend."
,Recommended,215530,4786441,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Monstercade,"(probably not even half done, but here's my thoughts so far)The good:- Really good graphics.- Good voiceacting.- Neat storyline.- Improves upon T2's scroll system.- Powerup system is pretty cool.- Skill point system is kinda cool.- Quick stat comparison between items(something T2 didn't have).The bad:- Obnoxious loading times for certain areas.- Mildly annoying control scheme.- Lady Katarina can be stupid as hell sometimes.- Levelups are too frequent - you'll be assigning points every 5 minutes."
,Recommended,215530,8384092,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Magevivi,For anyone looking for an enjoyable hack-n-slash dunegon crawler you've come to the right place. This game is akin to Diablo 3 but has a little twist of its own. The Van Helsing saga is very enjoyable!
76561198028200829,Recommended,215530,8384225,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,so sure,Incredible game - time killer :)
76561198044408637,Recommended,215530,8384571,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,kikiamonkey,This game is AWESOME!It feels like Diablo 2  with a smattering of Sacred mixed in for effect while still managing to be its own game. The custamization could use some additional options but once you are in the midst of playing it's not a big deal.
,Not Recommended,215530,8387278,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,waruimeijin,"While the story writing isn't the worst and some of the banter is amusing...this game is really just not all that fun unless you very much enjoy the mindless repetition of hack and slashing over and over with giant packs of enemies that require little to no strategy to defeat with the right build. The biggest downside and the reason I wouldn't recommend it, is it crashing frequently. To each their own, the game itself wasn't too bad, it just didn't manage to keep my attention."
,Recommended,215530,8406296,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Giff patch #ConsolePeasant,10/10 for a $5 game. Van Helsing is like the mix of Torchlight and Diablo 2 and this game is definitely worth playing. The plot and the interaction between Van Helsing and Katarina are very interesting.Note: Before you start playing the game you need to resolve the low fps issuehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/215530/discussions/0/864970668179144184/
,Recommended,215530,2567132,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Deluxo,"If you're a fan of ARPGs (Diablo / Torchlight / Titan etc.) kind of games than this game is a no brainer for such a low price. Amazing atmosphere, great challenge, good itemization, immersive talent tree + perk tree and plenty of content. The developers even keep adding FREE DLC from time to time, like new end game content.Be warned that this pretty much is a single-player game rather than a multi-player one. You can play with friends and random people but the game isn't as focused on multi-player than single-player.If you want to spend 15 euros on a good ARPG, get this one. You won't be dissapointed."
76561198033287212,Recommended,215530,8411007,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ÅgeJohannes,"The story is abit short, used about 6 hours to complete the game, I wish they added a few new dlc's with more content, over all good game, reminded me of the diablo series. Pretty much loved it, but as said story was abit short"
76561197994328452,Recommended,215530,8389286,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Taj,"Reminds me of Diablo, do i have to say more?"
,Recommended,215530,8363308,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Buffalo Overflow,"It's fun. Has a lot of the Diablo aspects that I really like.The voice acting and the story itself isn't that great, but I'm really here for the slaying anyway.Someone get this game so I can play co-op. It has Steam Trading Cards!"
76561198015670208,Recommended,215530,8351346,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheJester0673,"Seems my crashing issues have stopped. the game is pretty much Baldursa Gate Dark Alliance/torchllight.  My cup of tea. Be forwarned though, there is craching issues with manyt people. see foriums for possibble fixes. I never applied any, seemed to fix itself."
,Recommended,215530,8402087,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Evyalectric,"Well.. This game.. Is just AMAZING!.. I just love it. Leveling system, many skills, many items.. Nice stores, great story line.. I just love this game, and it's pretty cheap right now. I'm glad I have brougth it.. 8 Hours, and still I'm in part 3!"
76561197995926048,Recommended,215530,8402725,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Crime Dad,"Okay, i just want to say that I am loving this game because it brings back some awesome memories of an old rpg that I used to own. If u are familiar with some of the basic of Everquest, or more specifically a ps2 spin-off game called Champions of Norrath, then you will notice alot of similar features.For one, this game has an awesome artistic style, its a beautiful world, and the music is fantastic creating an excellent atmosphere. The voice acting for Van Helsing and Lady Katrina are spot on, and the script is a little silly, but not corny or overly cliche. They voice actors for some of the npc's are a little goofy and i expect they are voice actors stretching their skills to sqeeze out a couple of lines for each of these npc's but its really not a big deal.The gameplay is pretty fun, but can be a little repetitive, but thats sort of par for the course with an arpg isn't it. You basically have a few different ways of building up your character unless u buy the dlc's to add other classes. You can build your character more toward melee, or more toward ranged combat, and can add various arcane tricks, auras, spells etc to augment your abilities.There are alot of little perks that the developers put in that really make me love this game. For one, i love the fact that they put in npc's that allow you to respec not only your character, but your companion's ability/skill points. Not that u want to go around respec'ing all the time, but the fact that its there at all is very considerate in my book. Another thing, is the ease of travel in the game. There is almost always an ability to teleport back to your local basecamp for free, no gate scrolls or whatever just to go back home. There are portals that link the play areas together, as well as the normal zone doors that connect them. Movement speed is pretty good, and so even if u do elect to run everywhere it doesn't take very long. There is no weight issue in this game, but each item in your inventory has an actual shape/size to them that fits over a grid. Bigger items like a cloak or rifle take up more space than say a belt or ring on the grid. At first your inventory is small, but u can transfer extra items to your companion's inventory to save room, and you can learn a perk that increases your inventory size by an extra page.Enemy AI is not super intelligent, and i think in over six hours of play i've only died once, but i'm doing this first run on normal difficulty so not sure how much more difficult the higher levels will be. There is an online gameplay mode, but I have not tried it out yet, and can't speak much to how vibrant the community may or may not be. Also, from what i understand, there is supposed to be a sequel to this game that will allow you to bring in your high level character from this save into the new game. So you can tell that the developer is intending on making this a long-running title if they can.So basically, after about six hours or so, i'm totally in love with this game and highly recommend it and wanted to post this first impressions review now, so that more people will want to pick up this title if any of what i've covered interests them. In summation; great artisitic style and atmostphere, typical arpg gameplay but enjoyable and dlc's look to add alot to replayability, developer took arpg issues and put in handy features to make this arpg very enjoyable, and future titles are in the works/planning."
76561198083127202,Recommended,215530,8403711,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Annustarnova,This Game plays like Diablo. It has Shrines but they give only +S no -S.
76561198004622597,Recommended,215530,8322113,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,andrewv94,One of my favorite dungeon crawlers
76561197965894124,Recommended,215530,8322194,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,I paid $100 for Diablo 3,You can kill bad guys in this.10/10
,Recommended,215530,8309637,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GC.Magic™,funny ghost companion! x)
,Recommended,215530,8310327,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Brujah,if you love d3 you would love this
,Recommended,215530,8310687,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,fiduke27,"Starts off decently. The way it pigeonholes you into choosing ways to play ensures lots of playthroughs to experiment with different playstyles. But, due to limited level advancement, you can never overpower the enemies you play against. In fact once you hit the cap, it becomes a strategy game more than an action game, due to the limited resources to distribute. Get it wrong and you'll just die a lot.This game has an excellent foundation, but totally whiffs on the foundation of the diablo genre. It's fun to become crazy awesome over time. If you make a game where I have limited resources and can never overpower the enemies, then it becomes a strategy game with diablo playstyle. And since it's basically a strategy game, you have to have creative enemies and encounters. It doesn't. It has repetitive waves of monsters that you fight through. So in that essence it's a bad strategy game.In short, you'll have a fun time starting out. As the game progresses though, it turns into a horrible strategy game. I give it 8/10 to start, and finishes around 4/10. I'll average that out for overall score.6/10"
76561197964346073,Recommended,215530,8311611,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Natedogg,This is a great game i recommend to anyone who likes rpg's
,Recommended,215530,8312201,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,=UO= ThisOneGuy,Great action RPG.  15 hours of hack/slash fun.
76561197967017650,Recommended,215530,8312221,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Oniryukain,"Great little ARPG, and some amusing dialog at times."
76561198006816164,Recommended,215530,8173347,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Boulder_Bear,"Great game feels alot like Diablo 2 but improved and a bit more fast paced, i recomend if your a loot junky"
76561198065171297,Recommended,215530,7733158,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,tuck_sands,"-An absolutely brilliant game. The atmosphere is rich, the dialogue is witty and the mechanics are solid.-I find it difficult to even express what makes this game so enjoyable, something in it just makes me want to explore just one more area of the map until the wee hours of the morning.-For example, in one of the first zones of the map, your character can acquire the blade Excalibur through a simple chain of item trade-offs reminiscient of the Biggoron sword quest in the Legend of Zelda;OOT. At no point are you ever informed of this quest line, you must simply puzzle it together yourself.-Those who are saying that this game is the Diablo 3 we all wished for are not exagerrating.-It is definetly worth it to pick up the DLC for the extra classes, though I had a blast simply playing as the Hunter for my first run through.-Also, Katarina, your ghostly ally, is awesome!"
76561198041196913,Recommended,215530,7917731,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Cornman,I have a feeling this would be a great game if the screen actualy appearred and was not flashing white dots on a black background.10 out of 10good game
,Recommended,215530,3980888,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,victimsofretail,"I've been looking for a game like this...similar to my latest favorites like Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3, excellent play and controls, entertaining storyline. You can get your fill of fun whether you play for a minute or a day. The price is awesome, considering what you get for the money. Lots of fun, replay-able, and it's really nice to feel this good for taking a chance on a game...a very pleasant surprize!"
76561198010006319,Recommended,215530,7993383,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,WolfbaneWB,Great Game Love it.............
76561197995881180,Recommended,215530,7994728,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,GuardianBoD,"Nice Story, lots of ""easter eggs""good gameplay, and an interesting approach to developing your character."
76561197997435072,Recommended,215530,7996223,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,dennisll,"Great game, at least for the singleplayer part havn't tried multiplayer yet.Also the game kinda reminded me of Diablo 2"
,Recommended,215530,925924,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,SkittleJunky,"For a diablo clone, I have never had so much fun.A ghost pet you can spec meele or ranged? Check!A secret lair you can upgrade? Check!Boss fights with scientific abominations? Check!Fight large groups of werewolves and other mythical creatures? Check!A cool hat? Check!Everything I was looking for in a Dungeon Crawler. Great fun!"
76561198017956648,Recommended,215530,8599551,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Red,"This is a real gem of an ARPG. Steampunk-like story and character design with a well written and funny companion. It's like torchlight or diablo but 5x the fun of either of those titles. A bargain at it's base price of $15 and an absolute steal at the holiday sale price. The graphics, game mechanics, and progression system are well polished.The one downside is the relatively weak voice acting of all npcs aside from your companion but the gameplay makes up for this and more. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this game. And I will definitely keep an eye open for future titles from this developer."
76561198057701980,Recommended,215530,8601209,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[FA] ToxikCheez,"Hook up a controller to your computer and enjoy this game. A lot of fun with friends/solo, solid game and it feels completely different with a gamepad."
,Recommended,215530,3611095,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Zealut,"Okay, I had pretty low expectations going into this. That said, I'm finding Van Helsing to be an amazing dungeon crawler. The graphics are pretty, there's an in-depth leveling system (however, it's no Path of Exile), and there's TONS of monsters. I recently encountered my first boss battle and I can tell you that it's no walk in the park (kiting is a must). If you love games like Diablo and Torchlight then you really have to pick this up."
76561197992891890,Recommended,215530,8590348,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Fraize,its a superbly fun and addictive game
76561198015408377,Not Recommended,215530,2979360,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,m1shk4,Not optimized - shouldn't be so laggy with such low GFX.Quests and logic relations are broken - suggested to start new game after each update(unless you want to experience invincible low-level enemies and non-clickable NPCs)
,Recommended,215530,5959187,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Aikanaro,Worth trying. 8/10!
,Recommended,215530,8566581,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wuggles,Stunning game but the multiplayer is compleatly broken which is the reason i perchased this game. Its pretty disapointing.
76561198104363528,Recommended,215530,8566726,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dread Pirate Bob,"If you're a fan of Van Helsing then this game is for you. I can play this game for hours on end and it's hard for me to get away from, in other words it's pretty addicting. The only down side to this game is the voice acting, but it does not ruin the experience. As I tell my friends ""the voices aren't as bad as Oblivion"" and if you played that game then you know what I mean."
76561198010705882,Recommended,215530,8568084,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,HerpacylultrA,"This is an absolutely fantastic game, and an incredibly well-crafted ARPG. Katarina is easily one of my new favorite NPC companions. The subtle little jokes are just the ice cream on the cake, and some are snuck in pretty well.Combat is intense and rewarding, sorta like Diablo on crack. The skill trees and perk system flow together very well, straightforward and to the point. Though there plenty of room for customization and easch playthrough could be vastly different from the last.Picked this up during the holiday steam sale and I wish I had bought it at full price to better support the developers. Easily worth every penny, one of my personal new favorites."
,Recommended,215530,8569422,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,fLx,"Brief review:The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is a really solid action-RPG with the same level of polish and story as other post-Diablo 2 games in the genre such as Titan Quest and Path of Exile. Highlights for me were:* The power-up system that had you do a little more thinking about what buttons to press when;* Your companion, Lady Katarina, who not only offers more customisation options, but also provides grin-worthy banter with your protagonist; and* The various design decisions that lead to a much more streamlined ARPG experience, including being able to toggle monster respawn, sending Katarina back to town to sell weapons, the 'sell all' and 'organise' inventory buttons, and much more.Recommended for any fans of the Diablo series that were disappointed with D3 and are looking for a cheap, well-themed alternative (and don't want to be part of the hardc0re ARPG scene with Path of Exile).Podcast:To hear a podcast with extended impressions on this game, tune in to its episode onTim and Phill Talk About Games:http://www.timandphill.com/2013/12/24/taptag-006-bram-stokers-brains-edition/"
,Recommended,215530,8548746,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Nimring,"Nice story, well done combat and amusing small conversations with ""Lady Katarina"" made this game for me. Also very pretty levels sometimes. It much sorter than Diablo, but its a bonus )"
76561197994159507,Recommended,215530,8549598,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,GammaCora,All the joys of a hack and slash with a nice Van Helsing twist. A hell of a lot more fun to play than Diablo 3.
76561198048556706,Recommended,215530,5363412,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,thewhiteknuckle,"Set in the supernatural world of steampunk monster hunting, you play as one of the ""nameless"" offspring of the legendary monster hunter Van Helsing. Aided by your companion, a ghost named Lady Katarina, the two of you work together to try and find out what causes such strife in the land of Borgovia, and how you can solve the issues of the folks there plagued by dark horrors.Do not buy this game for the combat, graphics or anything like it. You're really only buying it for two reasons: Multiplayer, and the dialogue between Helsing and Lady Katarina. Beyond that, nothing interesting."
76561198010100925,Recommended,215530,2617257,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,FrostySlayer,"Anyone who enjoyed Diablo 2 or 3 will love this game.The developers are amazing, they are continually updating the game and fixing errors. They listen to the community, there was only van helsing as a character to play, but people wanted other classes and the developers listened and now you have the arcane mechanic and thauramage(yeah I slaughtered the spelling on that). The company puts out, they've already released Van Helsing 2 and are working on the 3rd installment. It's very nice to see a company not take a decade to come out with a game.*cough*blizzard*cough*id software*...If you like arpg's then you're sure to enjoy this series."
76561197993565945,Recommended,215530,11435098,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Mousebread,fun game
,Recommended,215530,31127,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Increvateur,"In the vein of Diablo style action RPG's, Van Helsing is a lot of fun. You play as Van Helsing (obviously) and you get a partner ghost that helps you throughout the game. Lots of items, enemies and areas to go through. Your max level is 30 and the game has some good length to it. You get a lot of game for the price. Definitely worth playing if you're into this type of genre."
76561198011604006,Recommended,215530,12457453,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Saboth,"This game is an ARPG, which means fixed areas you explore, with tons of loot raining down. The strong points are the graphics, the story and humor/voice acting. The weak points are the loot and gameplay. The gameplay is somewhat fun, but just seems monotonous after awhile. I've yet to finish the game, because I simply lost interest around the end. I'll probably go back some time to finish it. The loot is so-so, you never really find anything that gets you super excited."
76561198041439121,Recommended,215530,12506920,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,sp3cies,"Quality ARPG that feels a lot like Torchlight, which is a good thing. Smooth gameplay and great graphics and atmosphere make up for it's rather short campaign. Also shared stash and the DLC give this a lot of replay value."
,Recommended,215530,7826385,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Silvally,"Good game to play very enjoyable if you are into either RTS or Van Helsing,"
76561198042815603,Not Recommended,215530,9989400,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,PeLican0,"It's a good game, but this kind of games I prefer play with someone, but this people don't fix the network issues and it's almost impossible play with someone.The rest is good, but you have to pay the DLC with different characters and it has a lot of bugs"
76561198098436203,Recommended,215530,12376809,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,MrWiseguy,"If not for some underdeveloped areas(skill trees, length of main campaign) I could have simply stated this was yet another action RPG with a smaller budged that I enjoyed immensely more than Diablo III.I actually rushed and bought The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II after about 5 hours in - it did help I got a 50% discount.Both the gameplay and the dialog are fun in this little action RPG. You'll find yourself chuckling while blasting(or slashing)  away thousands upon thousands of all manner of creatures."
,Recommended,215530,12379544,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Seasoned Wanderer,"The Incredible Adventures Of Van Helsing is a great game. You, Abraham Van Helsing (Son of the great Van Helsing we know), is out doing his fathers work to continue the legacy on in this epic game. Fight across different landscapes such as dark caves filled with spiders, a town filled with twisted beasts and machinery, swamps with unknown creatures, and so much more. And if you thought you was doing all of that monster slaying on your own, you're not. With your compainion Lady Katarina. She may be a ghost but she sure packs a punch or three. She has three different forms Melee, Ranged, and Ghost. The first two are self explainitory but the last one is that she doesn't attack instead she gives you a 10% damage buff. There is also Skills for you and Katarina such as life steal, to paralyzing your foes, to blowing them up, and more. Also when you level up you can increase four different stats for the both of you Willpower, Dexterity, Body, and Luck. Also when you kill enough enemies you can choose a perk that will give you strong bonuses. There is also enchanments and essence you can put on your weapons and gear to make them more powerful. As well as two different fighting options for Van Helsing. Ranged which include Shotguns, Rifles, and Pistols. And Melee which is Swords. I would gladly give this game a 10/10. And the replay value is pretty high because after you beat the story you can redo it with the NeverEnding Story option for more and better enemies and loot."
,Recommended,215530,12564333,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Loneway4,"Beautiful graphic, engaging story and great voice over, this indie making of ARPG outplayed lots of games on the market."
76561198067888927,Recommended,215530,11812730,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Epic Lad,LOOT....This game somehow manages to be more fun than the HUNDREDS of games JUST LIKE IT. It is a looter with your typical rpg skill sets and a companion...to be honest im not sure what sets it apart...LOOTI think a great deal of the fun comes out of the voice-acting being so superb. It makes the characters seem more believable and draws you in to the plot. Looot.
76561198050034291,Not Recommended,215530,11839378,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Sensitive Thug,Boring and repetative
,Recommended,215530,8785089,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Omni Potent Space Baby,"The combat and overall feel of the game are in line with similar titles such as Diablo.  However, the classes do not seem to have the same synergy between skills. Also the story is kind of disapointing. Otherwise the game itself is a blast to play.   7.5/10"
76561198017841503,Recommended,215530,8752610,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Hanster,"Weapons, explosions, werewolves, bowler hats- what is not to like?"
76561198048856324,Recommended,215530,8753629,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,IceCity,Good game.Score: 8/10
,Recommended,215530,8665457,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,sɪDmeister,im not a rpg fans..but this is the best rpg game i ever play  :D
76561197990281772,Recommended,215530,1262623,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Coen,suprisingly awsome! MP still doesnt work too well but fun anyways
76561198022732886,Recommended,215530,8667299,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,dcashram,"Much better than the rating shows.  Van Helsing is a ARPG that actually delivers better than Path of Exile or Diablo III.  For the price, this is a must have.  The gameplay is very good and similar to either PoE or DIII, but what sells this game is the dark atmosphere, playful banter between Van Helsing and Katarina, and a fun storyline.  It is great when you have consistent voice acting throughout the game.  Even little side quests result in conversations with characters that aren't too long, yet keep you engaged in the title.  The skill system, while not as good as PoE, still allows you to customize your character to fit your style.  The customization is not limited to Van Helsing and also allows you to compliment your skills with that of your companion (Katarina).Overall, if you are a fan of ARPG games, this is a must have and probably the most enjoyable experience I've had since Diablo II in this genre."
,Recommended,215530,8697802,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,mfcrocker,"If you wanted Diablo 2 with better graphics, this is your game."
76561198026505410,Recommended,215530,8698306,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The Noble,Pretty interesting game. Has a fun story and looks nice.
,Recommended,215530,3045184,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Crazy Goat,GET IT!
76561198018894957,Recommended,215530,8834546,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Bodhi,"I got this over Halloween during one of the sales.  I have to admit for the money it is a beautiful game.   A great feel to it, I loved the atmosphere and the whole feel to it.  They did a great job.  I found myself buying a bit of the DLC and playing a few of the additional characters, and some of the extra content after you finish the story line.I have to admit that my major complaint is that I wish there was more of it!  I loved it, and wanted to keep playing.  I hope they continue to expand this game, which I believe they could.If you liked Torchlight and Torchlight 2, this is a must have for you.  The minion dynamic and game feel is very similar, but she is a lot more fun than a dog.  I tend to play my games with the sound off, but found myself turning it on so I could hear her banter.A definite fun game, well worth the money."
76561197979979016,Recommended,215530,8853770,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Majin_Jinx,"Very fun and easy to grasp. Overall good game, my personal opinion, too short."
76561197991083339,Recommended,215530,8857131,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,louterrence1,I can recommend this game mainly because it is fun and easy to play. I played with an XBox controller but found a couple of glitches where I had to unplug to get to the next level.  Compared to torchlight it is just slightly lacking imo the overall quality is down a little.  Cool special abilities but nothing really new.  I got my moneys worthy and enjoyed most of my time with this title.  I would play agian if I didn't have so many other game in my library that haven't been touched.
76561197972230906,Recommended,215530,8858082,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,The Daily Bob,"High Speed gameplay, really cool story, nice skill and talent system. True Diablo 2 Legacy game! Check it out. :)"
76561198056347264,Recommended,215530,8861521,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Té,"Awesome game. At the beginnig I thought it will be a simple Diablo rip-off, but I've never been so wrong. It has many new ideas, individual atmosphere and great features took from Diablo2 which are not presented in Diablo3, like having 2 gears and being able to change between ranged and meele weapons easily. Lady Katarina is one of my favorite part of the game, she can be very powerful and, her behaviour is highly adjustable, and she is pretty funny too :) So if you're bored with Diablo and want to play some hack'n'slash game until ROS, give Van Helsing a try."
,Not Recommended,215530,8863832,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,matsonward,Game stopped working on my mac 2 updates ago.  It is hard to recommend a game you can never play.
76561198028271942,Recommended,215530,8865024,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,BlackMM,really basic d2 mechanics. a simple grind and play kind of adventure you just sit back and enjoy blowing up mobs of enemies
,Recommended,215530,8470797,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hob Knobbler,fun game
76561197970509330,Recommended,215530,7736315,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Blurfester,"For an indie title this neat little ARPG is pretty decent. Has everything expected from this genre: Lots of treasure, tons of monsters to dispatch of and  plenty of perks and such and they are useful not like *kaff kaff* diablo. Great game. Even better if you manage to pick it up on sale."
76561197977471241,Recommended,215530,8474278,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mrkukuhaha,.
,Recommended,215530,8474442,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hokus Pokus,Gucci game
,Recommended,215530,2156037,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Andronikos,"Don't let the lack of hype fool you.  This game is epic. . . what D3 should have been from what I have been told.  Multiplayer has glitches, but ignore them!"
76561198013885080,Recommended,215530,2873235,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Kair,"Diablo sigue la senda de Diablo, sin la cantidad de clases pero con mejor sistema de seguidor. Además incluye una especie de TD, defendiendo la base secreta de oleadas de enemigos.Aunque no es un juego que sea muy innovador, merece cada euro que cuesta, tiene un humor oscuro que pega con Van Helsing.Uno de los puntos a favor son los guiños a otros juegos de la casa, como encontrarte a Excalibur o a peliculas de los Monty Piton (el conejo asesino... si el♥♥♥♥♥♥conejo asesino y yo sin Holy Granade)Aunque el juego carece de clases, hay posibilidad de que nuestro cazador se expecialice en una de las dos, por lo que tendriamos dos clases diferentes. El juego tiene tambien un sistema de fusion de objetos, encantar objetos y meter y mejorar esencias para potenciar algunos objetos (lo mismo que las runas de Diablo).  Exixten objetos que evolucionan según matas o haces daño, volviendose más poderosos.Una cosa que me falta en este juego es un bestiario ya que las criaturas y leyendas que se mencionan son interesantes.Nota: 8/10Tiene fallos en la traduccion y algunas quests estan bugeadas."
76561198114175400,Recommended,215530,11749587,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,rob.baldi,"Great ack'n slash game without to pretend to be a Diablo like game. The incredible Adventures of Van Helsing has beautiful steam punk atmosphere, iconic characters like Katarina and Van Helsing himself is very Charismatic. If you want something particular and palyable then this game is for you!"
76561198047402107,Recommended,215530,11774339,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,tennisbum639,Great game for a quick Hack and Slash pick up!
,Recommended,215530,11758731,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Tonhão do Picolé,"Fantástico! Pra mim, tem sido o melhor, em termo de ambientação e enredo, na categoria Hack & Slash!"
76561197985183184,Recommended,215530,1044670,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Barnaba,A nice looking H&S. Very pleasent gameplay.
,Recommended,215530,11609213,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,AsuraBlade,"One of the best games I've ever played on Steam so far, and definitely one of the best Indie titles out there, plain and simple. The graphics are excellent, the gameplay is excellent, and the writing is just so loveable and humorous you feel as if the two main characters are friends you've known for a long, long time by the end of it. Tons of content, high replayablility, and online make this game much more valuable than the low purchase price.Simply put this is one of, if not THE best isometric action RPG out there. If your a lover of RPGs like I am, then this game is simply a must-have for your collection, period."
76561197994703250,Recommended,215530,11650892,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,rastilin,"It's like Diablo 2 / 3, can be grindy but the graphics are awesome and it's fun to fight their numbers with your numbers. The story and setting are both excellent as well. The only problem is the tower defense sections, really, really painful."
,Recommended,215530,11865871,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,An Amalgamation of Weebs,Certainly worth the money (On sale) although it could use more helpful tips earlier in the game.After the first 2 hours of gameplay I'd managed to figure out most of the games most obsure controls.(Only obscure thanks to the lack of help)But I like that and if you like a challenge mixed with a splash of incorporeal humour then this is as good as any other diablo clone.8/10 @thecrimsonfkr
,Recommended,215530,11866982,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Satanicherpes,"A very great casual game with a nice back-and-forth between the two (the two being Kat and Van). Linear story, but it'll take a bit to get through and it's fairly rewarding. Nice online co-op, helps break the monotony. Not many cutscenes. The bad side is that there's not any strafing, so it really makes you pick your shots, which are worth taking and so on. Other than that, I'd give it a good solid, 7/10."
76561198033869185,Not Recommended,215530,11849226,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,lexxnavigator,This is baisicly a crappy Diablo with a different setting. Do not buy this. Please.
,Not Recommended,215530,11852135,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,2bitsolutions,This game is horrible. The graphics stink and only being able to choose one character is a major let down. I felt like this was a failed diablo clone with horrible mechanics and gameplay. I suggest saving your money.
,Not Recommended,215530,11852736,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,۞M۞é۞n۞é۞m۞é,"Somewhat good, it's kinda intersting. But there's 2 major flaws.first : there's no quest log, if you start a quest and forget where you are supposed to complete it, you are ♥♥♥♥ed, it's nearly impossible to go back to where you were.Second : No global map with pointers of quest, you dont know where is what and what is what, it's a big cluster♥♥♥♥ of undefined ♥♥♥♥♥.I do not recommend, it's like torchlight but 10 time worse."
76561197972621243,Recommended,215530,8031775,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ONION,"A nice looking ARPG with steampunk elements thrown in for flavour.You battle your way through hordes of monsters that all look good and all die in satifying ways. The maps are all created as opposed to randomly generated. This mankes for a good forst time experience - and a rather bland second playthrough - can't say if the third playthrough is even more boring, I don't think anybody ever got that far.In case you get lonely -you have your trusty sidekick with you - Katarina the ghost. I liked her, the comments from her are actually funny and you are never alone while killing monsters. She can fight for you, gather loot, buy potions etc. A really nice addition and she even comes with a full skilltree.There are lots and lots of loot and the whole-loot end of the game is quite allright.Aaaaand... Then theres all the annoying stuff like. Getting lost in the game and having to backtrack - I swear that some areas become unaccesable in the game so you can't go back there and finish a quest.The game itself - the monsterkilling is done with a maximum of 6 skills (unless you want to tab between skillsets - I don't think anybody does that. I ended up with two skills - a single target and a sweep - and that's it... hour after hour...The mobs themselves are pretty and fit the theme - but killing them gets kinda boring - especially when you end up with the ones slowing you. The only tactics that are in the game is positioning - and when a mob slows you (nothing you can do about it) positioning gets annoying.And then there are the bugs... In my first playthrough (and the game had been out forever at that time) I had to manually skip an endlevel encounter with a code to get on and then at one point I had to wait several days because U couldn't enter the next area - bad to asy the least - it's not an early acces game...Then there is the tower defense mode wich is horrible. Imagine a towerdefense where YOU are one of the little guys in the maze.. yop... You are running around in your maze defending. It's boring the defense quests are too long the only good thing is that after two encounters you are done. Two... why go through the whole business of making it and then only have 2 quests? Maybe because it's boring, but then remove it all together...Did I have fun for around 14 hours? Yes would I recommend it? Yes - but it's not the new Diablo I, II or III."
76561198001024988,Recommended,215530,8033205,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Halabaloo,Its awesome.
76561197960366142,Recommended,215530,8037530,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,DuoBlaze,"This game is a lot of fun. I enjoyed it more than torchlight 2, marvel heroes, path of exile.  All of which are better than diablo 3 (ewww)"
,Recommended,215530,8041093,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,NeoGuardian,"A classic ARPG with beautiful graphism. The gameplay is a little bit different than Diablo, but the system of Rage can be learn quickly (you don't have a chance without, i think). I like the dialog with Katarina which are very funny, we can find a lot of easter eggs in this game (Diablo, Lord of the Ring...).I thinks that the difficulty can be balance, and the level max can be increase (or new content can de add) but it is very good game. I hope that the devs will add a lot of content !!! :)"
,Recommended,215530,8075161,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,snomanzy,"This game for coming out fo left field, is actually good its similar diablo but has a unique feel to it"
76561197970582726,Recommended,215530,8046386,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,cazychel,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing (Nth Review)This game is better than Diablo 3. Okay, that was too easy...This game is better than Torchlight 2. There you go!And indeed I like it much better than TL2. The world of ""Helsing"" is a steampunk-ish one with a little bit of the old classic Diablo gothic horror atmosphere, combined with many throwbacks to horror classics in film and literature. The graphic style reflects that very well, being less cartoonish than D3 and TL2, while still being colorful enough to avoid monotony. The sound and voice acting are very good, just not outstanding.The story is nothing special, but avoids being too generic via its strong characters and some interesting side quests. Especially the humor of this game is brilliant with a lot of jokes within the world, as well as on ARPGs and games in general.In terms of gameplay this game delivers a big chunk of ARPG goodness with different playstyles, an interesting NPC partner (a ghost!) and lots of customisation for your gear and skills. The monsters require different tactics and the balance is very fair, but can be hard sometimes.Rating: Very recommendable!"
76561197971853954,Not Recommended,215530,8050551,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Relic142,Would be a good game if it wasn't for all the bugs.  The game has been out a long time but quests and skills are still bugged.  I know the devs are working on it but its crazy how many bugs there still are considered how long the game has been out.
,Recommended,215530,8061974,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Zweihänder,A very nice game if you are into the hack-n-slash thing. Reminds me of Diablo pretty much but it has a whole different universe which is very interesting in my opinion. Dialogue between Katarina and Van Helsing has a very good dynamic. Story is also above avarage compared to other games in the same category.
76561198048120621,Recommended,215530,7936590,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,dsl354632,"fun game , good level up system. but there are some problems still."
76561197963373365,Recommended,215530,147520,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Thundorz,"Its decent, takes some ideas from torchlight and diablo type games and adds a few new things."
,Recommended,215530,7940561,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Felge,"Really funny game if you like RPGs like Torchlight II, Diablo etc."
76561198024205077,Recommended,215530,7543600,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,БАТЯ В ЗДАНИИ,Better than Diablo3
76561198056377115,Recommended,215530,7953063,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,SquiHell,"Simplesmente perfeito, jogo diablo desde o 1 e recomendo este game a qualquer fã desse estilo de jogo, Van Helsing mostra que não veio pra brincar!"
,Recommended,215530,7956222,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,morticius,"A good game, better than Diablo 3 in my opinion, but unfortunately extremely buggy.At least the development team is extremely fast in providing the patches fix."
76561198041071423,Recommended,215530,7957551,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gurkha,Great game and a challenge
,Not Recommended,215530,10746947,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vipero,If you'll ever have an idea of checking this game out... just don't. It's boring as hell and any other h'n's is better than this. Go and play Titan Quest or smth...
76561198028352137,Recommended,215530,10750116,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,staks,"Interesting hack n slash rpg with beautiful skills' effects and a multitude of gothic ,natural environments.It features a big selection of quests and bosses as well as satisfying amount of loot.. It was  quite buggy when i bought it ,i see some improvements now."
,Recommended,215530,11481067,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Varvarus,Worth every penny :)
,Recommended,215530,1101077,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Acey,"Excellent diablo clone, very few quirks. Well worth the low price tag. Kind of a throw back to the late 90's / early 2000's many many diablo clones. Humor is a bit cheesy but hey, what did you expect for a Van Helsing game. Pretty well polished as well, though I would recommend setting it to hard difficulty as it is way too easy on normal...much like Torchlight I and II."
76561198004375557,Recommended,215530,10478232,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Gipson,Awesome hack and slash game where you get to play the son of the great Dr. Abraham Van Helsing to stop the plans of a mad scientist!  A good buy if you enjoy games like the Diablo or Torchlight.
,Not Recommended,215530,11587522,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lilieweiß,"Played the game on hard mode.The previous reviews pretty much summarized the good sides of this game:- Well designed world.- Some really nice background music (definitely getting game OST if there is one).- Attractive graphics.- Highly customizable settings (could play this game on my laptop).- Some interesting references to pop culture (really liked Baggins dude!).- Good voice acting.- Decent storyline.But all in all I would advise you to avoid this game. Here is why:- If you do not buy DLCs then there is only one character class you can 'choose' from. The character can do both melee and range attacks, however, due to horrible difficulty balance I had to specialize only on one attack type. The result is there is not a lot of variation in the action.- Except very rare short conversations, the sidekick ghost lady is useless. She dies really fast and eats up all the health potions. I have ended up keeping her in a ghost form all the time. The result is the game would not change much if she was removed completely.- The game gives you impression of customization, but it actuallly punishes you for doint it. After mid point of the game, customization becomes really expensive and you can end up spending all the gold and still not getting what you want.- The essense system (aka gems and gem slots) is useless. Items where you can put gems are rare. If one is found then usually it does not have enough essense capacity to put useful essense. You can use an essense to increase the capacity but during my 27 hours of gameplay I had collected only 3 capacity increasing essense. Finally, there is not a lot of variation in essense types. I had collected only 20 or so different essense types during the entire game!- The fighting becomes really repetitive quite fast. There are many enemies that look different, but really just a skin deep difference. All off them can be categorized into melee enemies that charge in mass, melee enemies with hooks and ranged enemies. There is no interesting behavior from AI. More challenging enemies have simply 1) more HP and higher defense points, 2) just attack in bigger numbers, or 3) have more HP and defense and attack in higher numbers. It is not possible to use interesting tactics. Most of my gameplay consisted of repeating two things: have a short skirmish and then running away to use potion before having another short skirmish. Bullet spongy enemies just killed all the fun for me in this game. Most annoying are the enemies with hooks. It is not possible to predict or avoid hooks using your skills. The hook animation is instantaneous. The problem is, at least on higher difficulty, if you get hooked then you are basically dead.- Horrible camera angles. It is not possible to control the camera. Did I tell you about enemies with hooks? Well many times I was hooked by enemies I could not even see. I am not even talking about number of times I was shot at by enemies outside of the screen.- Bad character controls. There is no keyboard-based movement control. Mouse is used to click on a place where you want to move your character. Sounds good enough right? Well not. Combined with horrible camera angles and enemies swarming everywhere you will end up in many situation where you cannot find a free space to click on and move your character. I ended up more than dozen times dead because my character refused to move. The complexity of the surrounding world makes the situation even worse because it is not immediately obvious where you can and cannot click.If you are looking for a good ARPG then go for Path of Exile. PoE is superior to this game in everyway. Plus, PoE is free, and there is no DLC nonsense."
,Recommended,215530,11595815,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DMV,Game is damn good.
,Recommended,215530,11600248,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Otteleta,This is a fun game. Very much like Torchlight in style and play.
76561198048756841,Recommended,215530,11786651,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Sexuality Fox,"Very good game but I think the only reason I liked it is because of it's name. Probably prefer other Top view RPG Adventure games more like Torchlight and Diablo 2. Although just like those ones it get's dull after a while, this one at least has changes of scenery and a decent humourous story."
76561198009257676,Recommended,215530,11311315,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,lancelot64,"!!!!!Posted without DLC!!!!!Extremely addicting Action RPG. You play as Abraham Van Hellsing, son of the famous Vampire Slayer. The non-DLC game is extremely interesting as you have 2 different sets of talent trees, that not only supply you with abilities that you can unleash upon the myriad different enemy types, you also have a set of auras that increase your combat capabilities, as well as tricks(spells) that have a variety of different effects.At it's core, this is a simple Action RPG, you kill monsters, you complete quests, and you get gold/gear so that you can ruin the day of the next monster that crosses your path. The overall atmosphere in the game is quite refreshing, Van Hellsing isn's some armored knight for justice, he's a monster hunter, pessimistic, sarcastic, and interesting to play.Your companion/pet in the game is a ghost called Lady Katerina, with her own unique talents/spell combinations, she is a very good compliment to VH's grounded sense of gun/swordplay.Reccomend this to any fan of Diablo or Torchlight, as they play almost exactly the same. The trees are more expansive then Diablo 3, at least imo, but  not quite the same llevel of customization as the trees in Torchlight.VERDICT: Good Game. I enjoy it tremendously."
,Recommended,215530,2083145,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Tiwill,"Pros:If you were a fan of Diablo 2, but were disappointed by Diablo 3 because of its lack of stat distribution, its straightforward skill system and its auction house, and were a bit put off by the cartoony art style of Torchlight (it doesn't really fit this genre in my opinion), then you will enjoy Van Helsing, because the mechanics are pretty close to Diablo 2.Cons:Once you complete the game, you realize there is no variety in it, and no replay value. There are only 2 types of melee weapons and 2 types of ranged weapons (fast & slow), and the skills are pretty boring and not really apparent, you basically use mana and rage to make your attacks more powerful, and that's about it. At the beginning of the game, it looks like there are many skills to choose from, but then you realize there are only 4 legit builds: tank melee, spellcaster melee, DPS ranged and spellcaster ranged.So... it's still a great game if you like action RPGs, but don't expect anything near Diablo 2 or you might be disappointed. I'd give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,215530,12701956,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,m0phre4k,"Fun easy gameplay. Lots of loot. Kind of short, as I clocked in the single player at about 8 - 10 Hours."
,Recommended,215530,7627500,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,MrAptronym,"A surprisingly good ARPG, with high production value for an indie. The writing is sometimes funny and quirky, but too often falls into tired tropes and old memes. The game looks great, with solid sound design backing it up. The powers are varied enough to try a multitude of builds, and cheap respecs and ample equipment encourage trying a few out. Most of the powers feel great too, lightning bolts have a thunderous retort, and sword slashes feel quick and deadly.Sadly only the basic (But highly adaptable) hunter class is included, the other two classes are DLC. They have fewer skills but are more focused on particular play styles. If you decide to play the game, I strongly suggest you play on the hardest, 'heroic', difficulty; the game isn't very difficult and you will get much better loot."
,Recommended,215530,537224,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,.Hex.,A fun alternative to diablo and other action RPG's. I liked this one a little better than most.
,Recommended,215530,22919209,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,m4rgin4l,"An interesting action RPG. The story is kinda meh, but the artwork is freakin' fantastic.  It controls like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but so do most of the games in this genre."
76561198012833532,Recommended,215530,22665193,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Surprisingly solid Diablo-like action RPG, looks great, characters are at least funny with a lot of pop-culture references into stuff like werewolves, vampires and other classical horror themes. The story is not very complicated but it doesnt really matter, the way to its ending is filled with a lot of enemies that need to meet your swords/guns/magic."
,Recommended,215530,1187834,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,💯%Franky,Very good game for the price.Looks a lot like diablo 3 and torchlight.
,Recommended,215530,13901085,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,strangeone,"""Just another Diablo clone?""- Yes, there are plenty of monsters- Yes, there are many types of items- Yes, teleports, skill trees, potions, etc- Yes... you can find it yourself. Much like D3But I really feel the difference.- A good humor. Really.- Lots of side quests- Easter eggs! Tons of them!Now, about the typical game characteristics:- Graphics. Pretty simple. More like D2. If your here for beatiful places, epic death animations, rivers of blood or other eyecandies - that's the wrong place. 5/10.- Sound. Somewhat relaxing when search the area, sometimes not when in battle. Pretty good - all dialogs are sounded well, morover - translation is also good. They even show feelings when reading. 7/10.- Gameplay. Not so hard, classic ""hack-n-slash"" style. Just think about finding good items and try to upgrade proper skills. But why I'm still playing this game? Oh, it's too late... No, just a minute more... 8/10.Resume. Good hack-n-slash RPG, pretty simple in graphics, but nice night-tale. 7/10."
,Recommended,215530,22261356,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,I Am A Noob.,Pretty good imo
,Not Recommended,215530,22282551,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,ooopsitsme,it simply wont run anymore
76561198064685902,Recommended,215530,22275788,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Middox,"an okay diablo-clone, the blue blood DLC makes it pretty op since you can spam ultimate attacks on completely stunned opponents if you do it right, endboss was meh, zerged him down in <25 seconds at max level standing completely still"
76561198039380306,Recommended,215530,22122188,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Sinister Satyr,"holy crap, @turok64 thank you! i love van helsing, i wrote a review for another game. and was making myself feel better by playing this game."
76561198045268223,Recommended,215530,22174956,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Tsari'el,Sonraki oyunlarından alamadığım bir çok zevk için teşekkürler Van Helsing ve huysuz hayaleti.
76561198142963909,Recommended,215530,22165507,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Kameokori,I got the adventures of van helsing for christmas day. I own all of them and i havent stopped playing them yet i realy enjoy playing .
,Recommended,215530,21471526,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,CrunchNomNom,A fun action RPG that's not too overwhelming for people who haven't played a whole lot of this type of game. I'm no expert on ARPGs myself so I won't make a detailed review like others have. It's worth the money.
76561198032080995,Recommended,215530,4102163,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Valektra,Most fun I've had in a long time.   Excellent old school 3D iso RPG in the vein of Dungeon Seige and Diablo.
76561198119223098,Recommended,215530,22076732,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,josh.britner,it's a good game.
76561198034291138,Recommended,215530,30737787,Posted: 25 March,all,discovery26,Great game
,Recommended,215530,21993225,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Labrat007,Hands down the most bug ridden game I've ever completed.  ...And now I'm running thorough it again with another character class.
,Not Recommended,215530,21932692,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,uac.flynn.taggart,"There's at least a bug in the enchantment system at the girl in the camp right after completeing snowpaw quest at start. There are various other issues floating actor, balance, control is sometimes unable to enter certain areas at all or incredibly aggrovating to select vampire boy in lair. To many bugs still beta."
76561198051891185,Not Recommended,215530,30738517,Posted: 25 March,all,gb.gamer,"This game looks like a good game. I had to click on the exe. file  to get it to work, but it showed me that all the DLC's that I paid for are not listed. Therefor are not excessible. Still wont launch through Steam, so please fix this. If not, then more people will conider Steam games as ""Buyer Beware !"""
,Recommended,215530,22006145,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Azlok,"Almost better than Diablo if not, one of my favorite games so far !"
,Recommended,215530,7845347,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pam Poovey,"Terrific Diablo clone, and I would highly recommend it for anyone wanting a similar Diablo/Torchlight experience."
76561197973184112,Recommended,215530,7849748,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Vance Astro,"I bought Van Helsing on launch day. Let that settle in. I absolutely wanted to believe this would finally bring all the lore of Van Helsing to the principles of a great action game and it hit the nail on the head. Yes, there were teething problems on Day 1, coop was broken and it was clear that if you wanted to join someone else's game you had to be prepared to either move forward or backwards in your own solo campaign, however the action, the fantastic campaign, and the fabulous NPC companion  was just what I was looking for as an alternative to Diablo 3. I say alternative as I love Diablo 1 & 2 and lambasted the notion of the third on the basis of the auction house and the draconian DRM out of, what I can only assume, was Blizzard's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ised view of the PC platform and their need to feed the greed train. If you want the fantastic action of Torchlight 2, with the grinding of Diablo with the wonderful dialogue of Dragon age do yourself a favour and get this game. It is WELL worth the money.EDIT: Now with the edition of controller support this will look and play fantastic on NVidia Shield."
,Recommended,215530,7852061,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,liqdet,"The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing is an awesome hack N slash, action rpg that doesn't take himself too seriously. If anybody likes the gamestyle of diablo or path of exile they would most definitely like this steam punk'ish game. I would recommend watching the 'Van Helsing' 2006 movie aswell, It's great and so is this."
,Recommended,215530,7852502,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ODINTHUNDERLORD,"Fun game! Took me a minute to figure out the leveling system. Neat addition having an AI companion accompany you through the game. If you're a fan of classic monsters and the Van Helsing lore, this is a good choice. Builds on the world by adding lots of steam punk type touches. Very cool."
76561198001199962,Recommended,215530,2031008,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Nevini,Way better than diablo 3
,Recommended,215530,2378310,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Furinkaze,Great Diablo clone. Better than D3.. as much fun as D2.
76561198086182830,Recommended,215530,7854193,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Zolarius,Very pleased with this game. Diablo clone wih vampires and werewolves.
76561197983588705,Recommended,215530,7859710,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,All Purpose Walrus,This game feels like gamers actually made it. Using rage to augment skills on the fly is brilliant.
,Not Recommended,215530,7824885,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Korlian,"Unfortunately this game is unplayable for me on OS X 10.9.Edit:The game works slightly better if you play in fullscreen mode instead of windowed (which is broken), then you're able to play for maybe 1 hr before crashing. The game still flickers a lot and the text is almost unreadable though. And I really hope they fix windowed mode because fullscreen really hurts on a 27"" iMac. The game has potential and I've paid for it so please let me play it."
,Recommended,215530,7866198,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ericfate,"This was a Steam Sale impulse buy. Given the extreme load times, the excessive HD footprint, the shortness of the single player campaign, unnecessary pop culture references and the inexcusable game-breaking bugs for anyone choosing to use an x-box controller over a mouse -- I expected disappointment. But in the end, the satisfaction I got from using a flamethrower to eradicate wave after wave of spiders and not-zerglings made it a worthwhile purchase."
,Recommended,215530,7928101,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Tuby Ruesdays,"I was a little iffy about buying this but then it was on sale so i thought why not. I,ve always really love ARPGs and this one is one of my favorites. There is a bug in one of the levels where a boss fight is supposed to commence but it doesn't, The combat could be better but still cool. It can get really difficult at times you get huge numbers of enemies thrown at you but its nothing a few health potions can do. Your companion can be really helpfull but when shes fighting shes kinda useless but you can get upgrades that make her very helpfull. A.I. is good I really didn't find any issues with it, The skill tree is ok i wish there were more, But the perks are cool you unlock them for doing certian things my favorite gives you an extra inventory space. The graphics are crisp and nice if you max them out, No real frame drops for me and it's so intence. I strongly advice you pick this up if you like ARPGs.Verdict - 8/10"
,Recommended,215530,733859,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,multicycle,"In the beginning of the game, I was really liking the artistic direction this game takes.The character building seems to stop half way through the game. You pretty much stuck with 2 or 3 skills for the next half of the game.It gets quite repetitive towards the end, I just rushed to the final boss.But for half price on steam sale, the game is well worth a try."
,Recommended,215530,4819679,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Xyzzi,"kinda like Wow, what with all the grinding and looting, but really fun all around. I highly recommend it and hope to be playing multiplayer with some of my friends soon...? >:3"
,Recommended,215530,7935426,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,OnlyPlaysRPGs,Pretty decent game that resembles Diablo or Torchlight.  If you like action RPGs you should enjoy this game as well.  I found it nice that you're accompanied by a ghost who not only helps you smite your foes but makes all the trips for you to sell your junk (much like Torchlight).
,Recommended,215530,7907279,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Raziuno,"Awsome game, love thaumaturge & Katarina"
,Recommended,215530,10223814,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,skillZ0ne,Great game! I'm really think so. I would also like to say that voice of protagonist is very charismatic!
76561198088904961,Not Recommended,215530,10210607,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,^^^,"i bought this game and all dlc's. and guess what,i cant play it,it is closing or stop working at startup. so,now i have to play a cracked version of it!!!!!!! how sick is this,to buy a game,to support a developer even if u are from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ country and u dont have alot of money,and to have to download the game again from a trakker??? so,do you think ill buy van helsing 2? no way,right now im downloading it from torrents site. you screw me,ill screw you,idiots developers,publishers and so on.and ♥♥♥♥ u steam! u sux."
,Recommended,215530,9414182,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Yuri,Get it... Get it now
,Recommended,215530,9414583,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,★NANOMiCE★,มัน... ! บอกเลย
76561198069606817,Recommended,215530,9436592,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Razerbek,Fantastic storyline. Three different classes. Incredible Steampunk World. Challenging creatures and steam-robots. Fast-paced action scenes. The action bar has everything you need in a tight bar in the center of the screen. I love the quirky conversation with Katarina. The costumes are detailed and the spells are ellaborate. I really like the different directions you can take your hero in through the skills and level-up trees. Overall a truely fun and exciting game. Highly recommended game.
,Recommended,215530,9437830,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Magus_Major,A Diablo style games.  Interesting storyline.
76561198115302007,Recommended,215530,9439120,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ANDREI,STANDING FOR ATTENTION
,Recommended,215530,9439505,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,kitty,"If you see this game on a sale, get it, I am super cereal. If you are into the diablo style of games, this will make you smile."
76561198027020560,Recommended,215530,9442346,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Darth Wal,"If you're running a 64 bit operating system, this game has some serious bugs which as yet have not been fixed.  Otherwise the game is actually a very decent ARPG."
,Recommended,215530,9348571,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,The game is like DIablo and Torchlight and is a baby of them in one.  So far it is a game to keep me busy while I watch movies and youtube.  Good enough for me and currently cheap and on sale.  Abou $7 for the complete pack and that is a meal skipped.
,Recommended,215530,9348924,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Forebode,This is another great game along side of Path of Exile that was a better hack and slash then D3.
76561198083418290,Recommended,215530,9349595,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Believing Flame,Van Helsing Is a great game i highly recomend it and heres a tip if you are gonna play it start on the easiest difficulty trust me it is hard on normal
76561198019333368,Recommended,215530,9350716,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,whatsthepnt,"An amazing game in it's own right. Pulling very similar aspects from games such as the Diable and Torchlight series, a wonderful mix of magic and technology let you slay your way through wave after wave of lore ridden enemies. Fun, exciting, and hilarious at times with with and charm all its own. Do recommend."
76561198083804178,Not Recommended,215530,9350946,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,jeffacottrell,game will not run crashes in single monitor mode and just brings up a splash screen in multiple screen mode. tried all the fixes still can't play
76561198040536336,Recommended,215530,9721680,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Scarlett,"A great game, storyline is awesome. Graphics are good, and hours of fun.I would recommend this game to anyone.Well worth the money."
76561198069676962,Not Recommended,215530,9709969,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,gogswarriors,I can not play co-op with my friend. We have been playing all week and suddenly it says neither of us meets the requireemnt to play with the other person. We are both the same level and have played from the very beginning together. This has happened before which was corrected by restarting the co-op game multiple times but now it has locked us out permanently. Waste of money if neither of us can play with each other if you ask me.
,Recommended,215530,942822,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Frank,"Smooth, memorable Diablo clone."
,Not Recommended,215530,9355946,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Stolichnaya,"The game does not work, it crashes at launch, wish i could get a refund..."
,Recommended,215530,9922601,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,StandIn.ItZsMeE,"Verdammt gutes Spiel! Leider nur 'ne kurze Story, aber kann man sich auf jeden Fall geben!"
76561198050603209,Recommended,215530,9128952,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dick Cheney Master Race,Its awesome because its a new kind of game that doesnt take a lot of time to get the hang of
76561198072556188,Not Recommended,215530,9393819,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,PrimeBrew,"Too buggy. My friend and I played for two hours, and more than half of that time was rebooting and reloading because it froze up or crashed. Potential buyers should hold off."
76561198127404420,Recommended,215530,9393938,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,pixelsins3,this game is so awesome!
,Recommended,215530,7969775,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Csaby,"extremely funny, addictive, lovely and shortmultiplayer is bugy...better, then diablo"
,Recommended,215530,9446094,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,ajolnir,This game gives you the best story about the loved fiction character of van helsing in a MMO based gaming like diablo and the others.I'd strongly suggest you to play with your headphone and live the ambiance of the game with its musics.
,Recommended,215530,9514499,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,AlexFrost,"One thing is truly outstanding about this game - it is mediocre in every aspect. Kinda good leveling system, kinda bad graphics, somewhat nice setting with all that electropunk and stuff, gameplay is not very interesting, but not really boring, dialogues are funny... to an extent. Some bugs here and there, optimisation is far from amazing - but nothing gamebreaking. And it lasts 12 hours on hard difficulty - exactly how much it should do.I'd say 6,5/10."
76561197975509824,Recommended,215530,9537422,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,GiffTheGrey,"Awesome Action RPG, sort of in the vein of Diablo and Torchlight. Don't get this thinking it's just like those games though. There are a lot of differences, such as a much different skill system that might take you a while to get the hang of. I bought the normal game and all the DLC, so obviously I enjoyed the game a lot. Basically it's just a complicated, unique ARPG in a giant sea of more casual ARPGs. Definitely give it a shot though, since it's relatively cheap for how expansive it is. Also, they're making the sequel and it should be out later this year."
,Recommended,215530,9537827,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,HiroTenKai,I have to say this game didn't look good to me until I actually got in the game and played it within a day I beat it its short with the max lvl being 30 i suppose its pretty easy to get teh achievements and while you can spread the time out on the game over a week tops of game play thats prolly putting in 2 hours of grinding in. but 1 play thru you can get atleast 80 achievements if you got common sense and notice the normal things games like these have.More or less i rate it a 4 out of 5 it held my attention and gave me something to do which doesn't happen often nowdays in games so thank you to the dev's and creators.
76561198101670342,Recommended,215530,9504109,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,TookemFury,"Really fun and interesting if you like hack and slash with quircky remarks from a npc thats pretty cool to have around, lots of customization altough the quests are kinda one sided..... ha. but i was entertained for long periods of time and i give my hat off to that even though in the game i would of liked just cool hats... im a stat ♥♥♥♥♥ so when i get a great hat with bad graphics im literatly wondering........ really? do i have to? oh well its all 3rd person anyways and your usually too busy fighting 20+ monsters later on to even see your character."
76561198012640087,Recommended,215530,2788726,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,KolbyrXVII,Learn my life story through your own eyes. You may learn somthing.
76561197963473424,Recommended,215530,9402543,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Big Daddy Dwayne,truly a fun game like diablo but better
,Recommended,215530,9403027,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mr. Penguin,"if u like hack and slash games van helsing is defenetly for you.interesting setting, nice combat, good humor ...diablo setting, torchlight humor"
76561198055726685,Recommended,215530,9404155,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,zahboomahfuu,"Just got the game a few days ago and it's really cool, has a Diablo feel to it."
76561198017234432,Recommended,215530,9404893,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,obscure,"What's not to like?Steampunk, mad scientists, bad eastern european accents, every trope in the book, but they make it work so well. Clearly using the same engine as Diablo II, this game has a better storyline and the graphics are fine. Oh, and it runs on a 2009 iMac..."
76561198038978650,Recommended,215530,9407035,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,CUBE,"Fantastic and engaging gameplay in an immersive beautiful world. Wanna hack monsters in the face? Or maybe you prefer to nuke them from a safe distance and still look like a badass while doing so? Or perhaps you're a fan of devastating flashy magic spells? There are many viable builds that are extremely satisfying to play with. Add humor and more references on top of that and you get Van Helsing. One notable good thing about this game is that you can control Van Helsing's movement with mouse AND keyboard at the same time. This allows for great precision in micro-managing your character, a feature that many big bad RPGs out there are severely lacking. Overall, great game; and for the price you pay, it's a must buy imo.The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing gets an 8.5/10 from me."
,Not Recommended,215530,9506129,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Wags,"With being out this long, consistent crashes, locking up, and loss of progess is unacceptable. Add that to the fact that on some systems when hosting a multiplayer session you can't put two digit level caps (only lvls 1-9) and you have a wonderful disappoinment. Overall I would pay about $10 for this game, only if you can stand doing the single player due to the multiplayer being so buggy."
76561197998165492,Recommended,215530,1800411,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Witty Name Here,"This is a fun game. From the trailers it looks like a solid ""dungeon seige"" type game, and that's what it is. So far nothing crazy exciting, but it's fun. At the end of the day I've bought games that were a lot worse for more then $15. I'd say a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,215530,9509431,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tzeentch's Ravens,"Another Diablo clone, it's not bad graphics wise, musics good IMO, guns varry statwise but names generaly share no difference unless its a rare item.  Just another generic diablo... not bad, if you enjoy that kind of game, you already have diablo... if you don't enjoy your time, meh. Dungeon crawl, at least its based around the hellsing mythos, for a premade and easy to follow and hard to screw up story.     You are the son of Hellsing who travels with your witty ghost companion, its got that generic 90s wit and sarcasm with mostly modern D3 graphics, havn't managed to crash it once, boy I've tried."
76561197986933987,Recommended,215530,1107783,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Rocko,"This game plays well, looks good and feels better in a story standpoint then torchlight and diablo 3 put together."
,Recommended,215530,10886820,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fury_FX,its a allright game still nothing specail grab it on offer when it is
76561197989062969,Recommended,215530,10760073,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bat,"A fun, Quirky game."
76561198011905858,Recommended,215530,10780980,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,chithwe,Fun & interesting game!
76561198057469719,Recommended,215530,10786974,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sopy7,"Interesting and captivating game , very well done with a long campaing, just try it.:)"
76561198121202949,Recommended,215530,10787586,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ROMANS 9,"I do not believe I have had this much fun playing a video game since Super Mario Brothers. Seriously. Don't watch any trailers, don't read any reviews (after this one), just buy the game."
,Recommended,215530,10670026,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Genebra,Killed a chicken and no one gave a ♥♥♥♥. 10/10
76561197990905272,Recommended,215530,10685497,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rdodson,"Pretty solid ARPG, Steampunk feel to the interface and story line. It isn't anything groundbreaking.  ARPG's are pretty much click on this, use this ability, use a potion, backpeddle when you get swarmed, and move on.  There is a tower defence game mechanism for two ""zones/levels"" of the story to break it up.  Honestly I could have done without it but hey it wasn't that big of a deal.  In the end it's a good game to log in and have some mindless ARPG fun."
,Recommended,215530,10687884,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,morbius66613,"One of the best action rpgs out there right now.  It plays extremely well, and has a very interesting storyline that promises to keep you playng for quite a while."
76561198118936264,Recommended,215530,30858634,Posted: 31 March,all,Zipzol,"As an old Diablo fan I find that this game is quite an improvement on the genre. More personality, more humor, more gameplay complexity. Quite the find if you ask me."
76561198029528450,Recommended,215530,27473079,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Lone Ranger,the game running out problimes and is fun and great game play 10/10
76561197995323606,Recommended,215530,27520777,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Akiiss,"I like playing this game, still playing.Only thing that was too hard was Neverending story"
,Recommended,215530,640594,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Remo.,"the word ""Incredible"" is an understatement for this game's title..."
,Recommended,215530,27417269,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cheeckoo,still one my favorite in it's genre
76561198018105374,Recommended,215530,19923350,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Erabe,10/10
,Recommended,215530,26819013,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DakMan211,"If you like Torchlight or Diablo, you will love The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing. It have good gameplay with interesting characters, story and locations."
,Recommended,215530,26980268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chad Thundercock,Works. 11/10.
76561198071719139,Recommended,215530,6660707,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Zombie,"Figured I'd give it a shot as it's only $15 and it's actually pretty good, much better graphics and gameplay then Diablo III and they have been fixing/adding things far faster then Blizzard. Plus it doesn't lag like♥♥♥♥♥♥when you are playing single player and you don't get gold farmer friend invites LOL!"
76561197972640060,Recommended,215530,7604159,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Nurdbot,"This is worth picking on sale, fresh interesting setting and pushes the usual action RPG buttons.Cons however is having to buy other classes as DLC, slightly dreary art design and palette and shortness of the game. If you want a better sort of action RPG with guns consider getting Torchlight 2 instead and play a Hunter."
,Recommended,215530,26425538,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zozzero,"Played 12hrs in local single:People! Don't miss this! Have you ever wanted to get humor at every corner while you play in a standard ARPG structure? This is it! Good graphics, very good music, out of the box dialogues. No, you will not face groundbraking (Reminding you, this game was released in 2013) features, no toplist demanding content....in the regular way. BUT! This game was made out of FUN, and that comes through! If you want to get entertained, this game is for you.I have played full Diablo series, Immortal Throne, Neverwinter, MMOs(, Magicka - who played it, will get it)... this game picks up the succesful features from all of them, put in one place, twist a bit, and spice it up. On first sight I underestimated it, but have no fear, it will deliver suprises, monster slaying and Fun!Just a few feature, that felt very good:- You can set your companion (ghost) to collect items, drink poiton (and what rate), how to deal with the enemies, and needs skill point distribution.- You can spend your level-up points or redistribute it while you have the window open. If you still want to reconsider, you can redistribute in town at NPC.- There are each different aspect features of skills also, available for skill points.- You can choose fame perks, which will also affect your skill outputs.- Items have ""rune"" capacity (it is even further expandable), so you can load them up as you wish.- some puzzles, conundrums, and TD also indluded.For those, who are familiar with movies and gaming, liked Sherlock Holmes (2009, 2011) musics, likes sitcom in RPG, and want to slay monsters in a world with mindblower monsters, this is a musthave! Currently 15 EUR, and for that price, you shouldn't miss it."
,Recommended,215530,1580632,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,N1rsao,Best diablo clone since Titan Quest.including Co Op multi player...
76561198020346708,Recommended,215530,3295928,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,paulo.sunao,"If you like an RPG similar to D II, try this one :-)"
,Recommended,215530,6171776,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,∆ !llum!Tr!X ∆,Für jeden hackn slay fan kann ich sagen kauft es euch is echt gut gemacht hat viel von diablo und torchlight eingebaut aber auch noch paar kleine eigene ideen und bei dem preis kann man echt nix falsch machen. ich finde es richtig gelungen!
76561198050517705,Recommended,215530,24673563,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,docxks,"Great game! Great enviroment and atmosfere, fun gameplay, fun dialogue.definitely worth buying on full price, or when it's on sale!I'm really considering buying Van Helsing 2 & 3, after the first game.And I'm gonna buy it for sure when there for Sale on a lower price"
,Recommended,215530,24578785,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Twitine,"Setting/Story:The game seemed outdated when I saw it, and graphically is, but I was drawn by the steampunk and demonic/occult influences. And the levels and characters really show a depth of artistic direction. It provides a very varied level setting and enemy types, which surprised me for such an old RPG. The story was very well thought out, the voice acting suberb. While I mostly hurried through the dialogue, the humorous and quirky banter was captivating. The setting and story so far is perfect, miles better than Diablo 3, of which nothing was memorable.Cost:+ $5 on steam sale- You need to spend extra for DLCFun:+ The skill trees/stat buildup/perks are varied and interesting for the main character+ The hunter class can be specced creatively into multiple effective options+ Multiplayer+/- 2 other classes but you must buy them- Support ghost not as interesting to levelNote on Final Cut Edition:There is a Final Cut edition, which condenses all three Van Helsing games into one, with the six classes of the final game. I only bought the first game to check it out and would recommend you do the same. For me the joy of playing these games comes from the skill tree and forging your own build, so by playing each game separately and not as one whole, you get to start fresh at every new game, which is much more fun and varied than being stuck in one class for 3 games. You get the final cut for free if you redeem it after you buy all three games so it is the best option anyhow.I'm probably going to get the second game soon and will update this review on how it goes. For a $5 game, it gives me a much better experience than Diablo 3. I'm quite excited that I found this gem actually - the rating was mixed and below satisfactory. Perhaps its was that at a full launch price."
76561198205519640,Recommended,215530,24528337,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,LuneyN,"If you liked any of the diablo games or path of exile you are sure to like this game the story, voice acting and gameplay are great. The sounds for skills need improvment though but all in all this games worth the purchase especially when its on sale. The games a soild 7/10 and about 7 to 8 hours or shorter depending on the player But you should probably buy Grim Dawn instead if your looking for hours of play and creating awesome builds."
76561198289622466,Not Recommended,215530,24526219,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mr_Enigma,"I dont recommend this game for MAC users at this time beucase the game is unplayable. Two major issues you will face at the start:1. Black Screen at Launch - There is a fix, which can be found on the technical support community, however, this is a know issue since at least December of 2015 and still has not been formally fixed.2. Excessive Crashing: Interval varies with UI access. MAP, Ghosts config (O), onscreen tool tips will all cause the app to crash. Moving from a city street to the stairs will cause the app to crash., entering into combat will cuase the app to crash. Essentially every 5 to 50 min the app crashes. - UNPLAYABLENow, I couldn’t help but notice that Dev  has been struggling with the mac issue for 6 months. OIn January 2016, there are posts where Dev says ""fixed in the next patch""  Well its July 25, almost August, and it appears Mac users are in the same boat. I have been trying everything to solve the issue with no luck. Therefore, I dont Recommend the game. If these issues are fixed, I would change my vote, given what I have seen of the game so far."
76561197982806425,Recommended,215530,24491022,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,kbelrose,quirky but still a challenge i enjoy it
76561198055256126,Recommended,215530,24540124,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[STNB] Super Spud,"Okay, so I've fiddled and diddled with this game for a while now, and I have to say that I am enjoying it far more than I thought I would.The game is VERY similar to Diablo, but not a complete clone. There are loads of side quests to be done; each one being interesting (which makes a nice change).  Some side quests you will simply stumble upon by messing around with stuff, or pushing buttons.The game does give off a slight steam punk-esque sort of vibe every now and then, which is kind of cool.Finally, the voice acting is good too; a lot of personality is portrayed between the player character and the comanion.Definitely a decent buy when it's on sale."
76561198052491613,Recommended,215530,8675785,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hilleon,[Review In A Nutshell]Cool game. This game feels like ''If Torchlight 2 took place in the Victorian Era and had Photorealistic graphics with real-life locations''.[Review In A Nutshell]Such a fun game. It is a real shame that leveling up Van Hellsing to max level was easy AND his max level is a bit too low.Score: 8.5/10Things I liked:-Endless loot.-The games gothic/steampunk theme.-The games universe.Things I didn't like:-Max level is 30.-Max Reputation is 10.-Companion max level is 25.
76561197960953632,Recommended,215530,15210637,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Beef Donair,"Very much enjoyed this game, it has it's flaws although it can hold up with the best of them.Plays similar to Diablo 2, would recommend!"
76561198127335855,Recommended,215530,15045673,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,TheNeedyNerd,A must for any action RPG fan 5 star rating for this indie tilte
,Recommended,215530,15051000,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,LeClassified,"A Fine AdventureOne of the most memorable moments in this adventure was the interaction between Van Helsing and his companion Lady Katarina. I really enjoyed teh dialogue between these two characters.The story was linear, but in the end it worked out okay.The gaming mechanics are really rough. Most of the monsters encountered were usually in clusters or packs. That was true thoughout the whole game. Packs can be very frustrating when they are difficult monsters with extra effects. I can imagine a ranged character having a lot of trouble.The boss variety was not really there. They felt like regular monsters, but with ten times the amount of health.The enviornments looked great, but the animation department needs more development. Using skills did not feel very satisfying and the skill tree layout was very basic. Since most of the monsters were in clusters, I found it hard trying to make different builds because I am only limited to AOE skills.Overall, this game is a great start. A lot of polishing is needed."
,Recommended,215530,19645928,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Draygo421,"The depth into which the story writers have gone is unmatched. There are hours and hours of great game play packed into this smaller sized game, and I cant get enough of it! Truely one of my favorite purchases ever."
,Recommended,215530,19686205,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Baboom Thunderbuns,Loved it.  Seriously good ARPG for 1-4 players.
,Recommended,215530,19696957,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Khogn,"Difficult not to recommend this surprisingly good, atmospheric and addictive steampunk hack'n'slash, whether you already play Diablo 3 / Path of Exile or not. Special mention for the wonderful soundtrack."
76561198024736449,Not Recommended,215530,30643214,Posted: 20 March,all,clevariant,"This game has serious bugs.  I'm stuck on a blocker, where the nighttime Industrial Port scene won't appear, and I simply cannot finish the game.  This issue was known back in 2013, but it was never actually fixed, and there's no ""/FIxQuest"" workaround either, so I'm SOL."
,Recommended,215530,19254014,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,AppellantZero89,I crashed the game by switching weapons.10/10 Would switch weapons again.Also if you're a mac user don't bother getting this game.
76561198023352402,Recommended,215530,7570913,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Red Nosed Jedi,Great fun 3rd person stroller with a very addictive setting
76561197991279501,Recommended,215530,1315901,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Ghost Judicator,"This is a great game, If you like arpg games like diablo or krater this is a game to buy plus its friggin awesome."
76561198358681718,Recommended,215530,30545583,Posted: 16 March,all,MADkaizen,"I hate over explaining so I make it short.with ""The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing""I had a very strong start into the game, where things got exciting and really cool. I love the dialoges between Van and his ghost companion Katherina who made me laugh a few times.The only not postive thing . . .  I can think about is  that at ~level 20 at mid/end story the dialogs between Van and katherina got really rare and the story was so lala and somehow boring. I guess I felt like this because the start was really strong and extremely enjoyable. :)I bought the game in sales(in a package) and I must say it was absolutley worth it the money.I will NOT do the end content of part 1 because I want to try out Part 2 of this series.MAD"
,Recommended,215530,2329787,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,EpicYeti,Aside from the minor issues that the game suffers from it's actually a pretty solid experience. Undoubtedly taking inspiration from the likes of Diablo and Torchlight the game does manage be its own game rather than a clone. Aesthetically pleasing to look at with enough depth to keep you interested as you make your way through the reasonably lengthy story presented to you via decent enough characters with some personality and a little humor.
76561197965259159,Not Recommended,215530,19153326,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Alexandre,"Really didnt enjoy the gimmicks in this game to just make it harder like silly hordes of mobs after , still i completed the game .Not a fan of horde of mobs yes am saying it again"
,Recommended,215530,8449277,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Morgen,"I strongly recommend this game if you enjoyed Titan Quest for example, but your opinion of Diablo II was not the highest. Even if it was, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing gives you deep, atmospheric experience of the world full of demons, wizards, werewolfs etc. Very pretty graphics, interesting character development system, hilarious dialogs, story, that is more than just ""You killed everyone, let's go to another town"".Give it a try and it will now dissapoint you."
76561197972259464,Recommended,215530,7751339,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Scooby4ever,"The game is quite demanding so be sure to that you have a good gaming pc before buying. I do still recommend this game for it has huge potential. The Game mechanics, GFX, SFX and Music is well done. The game can be rather hard in the begining but as soon you have gained some abilities it will be easier. And the fun is a mouse click away. :)Note! Due to overheating issues i have with this game i cant play for longer sessions.  I will update this review as soon i get a new pc. My computer today is a: Intel Dual Core2 3.0GHz. , 4GB Memory , Nvidia 8800 GTS , Creative X-Fi XtremeMusic"
76561198032900732,Recommended,215530,12744771,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DinoBaresark,Torchlight II in a different setting!!!! Recommended if you enjoyed Torchlight II.
76561197966973971,Recommended,215530,12663643,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,_ston3,"Good game, sank 11h first time i launch'd the game >.<..."
76561198023059687,Recommended,215530,12750737,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,VERADOSA,"This is a brilliant game buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Its like diablo...but the dead stay dead...no respawn.Its also got a different feel to diablo,its story based rather than kill kill kill...then kill some more...wepon/amour/etc drops are similar to diablo...but much more complex....i would certainly reccomend a youtube visit before selling anything, as mundane items can be combined to create hellish weapons/amour etc so long as they have a purple icon bottom right...the larger its count the more likely it will combine its best attributes,its also got elements of lots of other games,to long to list here,but you get a dungeon you need to defend with traps,etc you also need to lvl your dungeon.You have a helper in the form of a ghost which can also be lvled,and i would also recommend giving her a good set of weps/etc as she becomes lethal later on.Its like diablo but with so much more depth...calling it a diablo clone doesnt do it any favours...its so much better."
76561198047423444,Recommended,215530,13294293,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheCottonCandySniper,"I spent a long time trying to find a game similar to Torchlight 2, which i love but have just played too much to continue. This game was exactly what I was looking for! It has all the things I love, killing and looting, with the added bonus of sassy characters and a very interesting story line"
76561198044563118,Recommended,215530,13301031,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,cmalpass,"This is a blast to play and is easy enough to dive right in without a lot of knowledge of the game mechanics. Feels familiar to RPG players but also feels at home to the FPS and platformer fans, too. Thorougly enjoying the ride so far."
76561198044513802,Recommended,215530,5047557,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,fntcgmr45,Diablo-like game with a steampunk vibe and wry sense of humor. Very enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,215530,8378725,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,tarellel,"The concept of the same, it's game play, and structure of this game are amazing. Heck yeah, playing the son of Van Helsing along side the ghost of Lady Katarina, it's a great story.But that's about as far as it goes, this game crashed and freezes up so much it's ridiculous for a game that's adding DLC after DLC. Something like this needs to be fixed, before they keep trying to horde away as much money as they can."
,Recommended,215530,80215,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Bieeanda,"A decent ARPG, similar to the Torchlight series in that you have a helper NPC who will fight and sell loot for you. The setting is gothic, in the sense of Dracula and Frankenstein, with strong eastern European mythological trappings.Be warned that it can be weirdly buggy (stashes in both off-line and on-line play have been known to eat items) and the devs are not the fastest at producing patches. There's only one playable character, but with three melee skill trees, three ranged, an array of passive skills and a system of 'perks' that unlocks with a secondary XP system called 'fame', there's a lot of room for customization."
,Recommended,215530,8364784,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Finyama,"Funny, charming and well designed!"
,Recommended,215530,8380615,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CouchBrawler,Feels like what diablo 3 should of been
,Recommended,215530,8259035,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Death Stalker,"This is a great hack n slash adventure. If you like games like torchlight and diablo then you'll love this one. The voice acting can be weak at time, but the lush and detailed environments more than make up for it.My one gripe is the last boss is near impossible to defeat and then you are rewarded with a quick cut scene that makes absolutely no sense and the game abruptly ends. Way to give your players the middle finger on that one."
,Recommended,215530,8319356,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ivanzipfer,A very atmospheric game really better than diabloMusic is awesomeBut this game is very short
76561198047533476,Recommended,215530,10546491,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Valdi,This is a fun and enjoyable game. Similar to Diabolo's 3 . Bugs out sometimes in Co-op with the quests. Still a good crawler.
,Recommended,215530,1162142,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Haikus,Muito bom!
76561198025285771,Recommended,215530,3617559,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,New Life,РЫПЫГЫ )
,Recommended,215530,30800886,Posted: 28 March,all,Georgy Zhukov,A very entertaining and fun game.
,Recommended,215530,4666677,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Falyesai,"If you love the old Diablo II, you will love this game. Can choose your difficulty level, storyline is awesome, graphics are intense. Love the loot drops, and how you can customize your character to either a melee, spell, or ranged character. Really a must have for your library!"
76561197996067036,Recommended,215530,23471013,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,solair130,"A fantastic game, very much in the style of dilabo.  Its well worth the money and ofcourse time to play....."
,Recommended,215530,22768110,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Madora,"A fairly interesting and in depth game centered around the lore of the original hellsing family, i highly reccomend this game for fans of the dungeoun grinding/mmo as well as fans of the supernatural and torchlight. the storyline is very keen on player development and intuitive delivered in a narrative style and the cinematic sequences are rather exciting though animated oldschool style. all in all its rather action packed and leaces you questioning each step of the way trying to keep ahead of the story and craving more id give it a 10/10"
76561198064153655,Recommended,215530,22815437,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,KarliN,"+) Good sotry.+) Fun Battles. Steady and continuous battles against packs of enemies.+) Simple system.+) Various Monsters.+) Lady Katarina is sexy and amazing character. This kind of character is what captures your heart into the game.-) Ink waypoint list should be distinguished much better.-) Sometimes you couldn't tell whether you're fighting or just standing still.-) There's no exp bar shown for Katarina.-) Rage seems too much. They should've just adjusted attributes, skill, and items.-) Going up is tricky. Usually you either go to different place or grind yourself at the edge of the stairs.-) Some item gathering quests need more clear hints such as blinking so they can be distinguished from terrain.-) Some monsters' attack or skills are really hard to distinguish from terrain."
76561198008891618,Recommended,215530,2533043,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Len,Very good game ill gave 1. too 10 +9
76561197999082133,Recommended,215530,30756816,Posted: 26 March,all,Tyler Durden,"very cool game, diablo type"
76561198095465670,Recommended,215530,22567663,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Zach Lord of Cinder,It's definitely 7/10.But a GOOD 7/10.
76561198099943184,Recommended,215530,7567206,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,www.mrcoolice.net,amazing. if u like diablo. you will like that too
,Recommended,215530,7597123,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Higurashi,"Dont judge it till you try it!! This game has me hooked!! A great action based rpg. Fight endless battles with monsters.. demons.. warewolves.. spiders.. soldiers.. etc.. HUGE BOSS FIGHTS! Really cool skills The storyline is pretty funny too lol. The game is intence, and even more when you play in hardest dificulty with hardcore mode turn on. -If you die once ITS OVER!- So you have to be super badass... *like me ;D * TRY IT! ENJOY IT!"
,Recommended,215530,694333,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,revoluzza,"Another Diabolo / Torchlight kind of game. I like the the story and how it plays. If you like these kind of games just go an buy it, you won't be disappointed. If you are not too big into isometric hack & slash you might want to wait for it to be on sale."
,Recommended,215530,30760729,Posted: 26 March,all,AG Stradivarius,"This game has incredible atmosphere. It feels like Van Helsing. The humor between the ghost and Van Helsing is very cool. The hidden joke quests are great. Also what was great for imergion was that if you killed something it stayed dead, you didn't have to clear the rooms over and over again. If you wanted though, you could go only to menu and opt in for it.Things which I didn't like was that many enemies seemed like just putted there, it was weird they are there. Kind of out of place. There was definitely a lot of mindless killing and yes, dying, because as Van Helsing style play (gun, sword) the ghost isn't a good tank for you so you will definitely tank a lot and also kite like a madman.The last boss was decent. It was definitely good looking. As for the story it decent. Graphicly I liked the art style.I think it was good experience and great atmosphere.6/10 - Fair"
76561198163026566,Recommended,215530,30817714,Posted: 29 March,all,Psychopatton,"I took a gamble buying this game when it was on sale in a package deal and was very happy with the purchase. The story is entertaining, but what was really good, to me, was the little one line references to movies/TV from the 70's, 80's, and a few newer. (I'm an older gamer, so the one liners were from movies/TV I personally watched back in the day.) I don't think any other game has had me laughing so much while playing, in a good way. I finished the story in about 15, or so hours, but jumped right back in on a harder setting. Another feature I found very good is the ability to import your characters to the other two games in the franchise. (Not sure if you can with Final Cut, I don't have it.)I recommend this for anyone that enjoys the Van Helsing type of lore, well worth the 8 bucks I think I paid for it."
,Recommended,215530,24124945,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,LordAzunai,"This game needed a lot of work when I played it, but it still had some fun elements that aren't in every arpg, like the tower defence mini game that is actually engaging. Still would like to play the rest of the series to see where it went."
76561198027985825,Recommended,215530,3839102,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Spam97,Old Diablo style is back in this awsome game :D !
,Recommended,215530,4164155,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,aetheriality,"This game is better than Diablo 3, if you loved Diablo 1 and 2 or Titan Quest you will enjoy this game. It is not flawless like an AAA title but the developpers made a good effort designing and making this game. Thoroughly enjoyable and it is my favorite game of 2013."
76561198051572216,Recommended,215530,33564282,Posted: 15 July,all,redscall,AWESOME GAME
76561198045282909,Recommended,215530,26411712,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mr. Rogers,"Here's a short run down of first impressions of the time i've played it.Pros:-Gritty 1800's European fantasy-Witty banter/conversations between characters-Decent voice acting-Decent, well shaded graphics-Deep, in-depth ability and class trees-Top notch leveling system (with leveled enemies)-Easy to learn, easy to play-Fitting music-Side quests that don't make you feel like you're doing a choreCons:-Lack of variety for playable classes-Because of previous con, lack of variety in weapons-Little to no costume/character customization-I'm biased because I like character customization in my gamesI got it for $5.00 on sale and I would say it was definitely worth it, but I wouldn't go so far as to say it's worth more than that. Definitely a good game for anyone who loves the ARPG genre, though."
76561197970263147,Recommended,215530,386982,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Eddard Stark,Cool D3 or Torchlight clone!  Lots of fun!  Love the Music!
76561198036886294,Recommended,215530,9898563,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Lorown,"Great game, waiting for the sequel."
,Recommended,215530,32997789,Posted: 29 June,all,Veziovusk,"Another great ARPG Dungeon-Crawler game with a really nice graphic, and great character proportions.Gameplay is really fun with much varieties of monsters."
76561198032515216,Recommended,215530,28914090,Posted: 1 January,all,Thunderbird,very good game i love it! :)
76561198007846731,Recommended,215530,28814945,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GrimmReaper,"If you like ARPG's then you should give this a go. It has all the hallmarks of the classic games within this genre:* Puzzles to find and solve by exploring and taking not of the environment* Riddles to answer* Random sidequest you are throw into due to events that happenned* Booby-trapped chest which sees you fighting for you live with no where to run* Listening to npc chatter can lead you on a quest for treasure* Quests have multiple outcomes depending on the choice you make* The banter and chit chat between the protaganist and Katrina is entertainingInitially the combat seems ovewhelming and you spend most of the time running around avoid trying to die, however once you grasp how the mechanics, skills, attributes, perks etc all fit together it becomes a different game and you happily waltz into hoardes of monsters and annilihate them all. Do a bit or research to understand the game and you will be good to go and start your monster hunting career."
76561198014790343,Recommended,215530,29711452,Posted: 4 February,all,suffersome,"This game suffers less from the complaints I had about Grim Dawn but they are there. Love this game in a lot of ways but the story, well better fleshed out, still just isn't indepth enough, and the game suffers from some severe balancing issues. Either I'm completely demolishing everything in my path, or getting killed in two hits. Besides that recommend this game for anyone that is a fan of ARPGs...especially ones like Titan Quest and Torchlight."
76561198083836447,Recommended,215530,7043798,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,devstauk,"If you like diablo games you'll love this, kinda short but still has massive amounts of content"
76561198026912553,Recommended,215530,7908048,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Handsome Bob,"Pretty damn fun game, I have all 4 and can't wait to finish all of them."
76561198084568110,Recommended,215530,7062263,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Mr Handsome,"Для тех кто лбит игры в стиле Диабло, эта придется по вкусу. К тому же мрачная атмосфера и необычный спутник делает игру по настоящему оригинальной."
,Recommended,215530,14983624,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,scarab3000,"Only qualm I have is that I don't have friends to play it with, so I am getting it for my friend as we speak"
,Recommended,215530,29493855,Posted: 25 January,all,Butterball,"Good gameplay, mechanics, graphics, performance.Great story and overall pacing.Great character development, itemization and item systems.Horrible difficulty scaling at times and in random spots.Can be a bit buggy at times.If you like isometrics, this is another one of the isometrics you should own."
,Recommended,215530,26206861,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,gabekarl82,"This is probably one of the basic ARPG games I've played that has decent graphics. So far I am enjoying it and looking forward to finishing it. The skill tree is also basic in terms of leveling up but I dig it, for it is simple and does not go everywhere like most new ARPG games."
76561198046744603,Recommended,215530,31367070,Posted: 25 April,all,bugsplat1,"Beautifull atmospheric graphics. Tons of varied and interesting enemies,NPCs, and weapons. Nice storyline with some progression RPG.Hack and slash to the max."
76561198017949720,Recommended,215530,31737443,Posted: 13 May,all,MaxiM,"Cool hack&slasher, nice gags and everything. :)"
76561198038468252,Recommended,215530,31756098,Posted: 14 May,all,ScaryBear,"Say what you want about any aspect of the game, but you cannot deny that the ""auto-loot"" mechanism (your ghost sidekick) is enormously useful; you can specify what level of items you want her to pick up, as well as gold and potions"
,Recommended,215530,31935136,Posted: 24 May,all,Moriquendi,nice story
76561198001429506,Recommended,215530,33645536,Posted: 18 July,all,FrodoFraggins,"Very fun, cheap ARPG in the vein of Diablo 2, Titan Quest and Torchlight.  Excellent voice acting and smooth combat with a fun item chase."
,Recommended,215530,34691613,Posted: 2 September,all,YoynK,"Give this game a shot if you are into advanced hack and slash: I really enjoy this game. It has an immersive atmosphere, color, sound and voice acting. I particularly enjoy the dynamic between Helsing and his companionion Katarina.There is great variation in mobs to fight in this hack and slash, prospective projection rpg. The number of unique item drops is a handful to sort through, almost infinite variation (if this sort of thing appeals to the player).The system requirements are a bit steep and the game is poorly optimized. However, If one has a gtx 760 or better they should be able to enjoy the game at 30 fps or above on highest graphic settings. The controls can get a bit messy or maybe overwhelming for new players.I look forward to playing through this game again on a different skill tree as well as in sequal games in the ""Final Cut"" of Van Helsing."
76561197965046644,Recommended,215530,35107431,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A fun hack and slash where you fight demons, vampires and other creatures as a member of Van Helsing. There is a lot of interesting abilities and gear but overall a straight forward hack and slash with nothing too new or different making it easy to get into."
76561198143774290,Not Recommended,215530,35385915,Posted: 1 October,all,Lichformed,"This is more of a personal review, you might have fun with it or not, but to me it's missing all that I like in an ARPG.The build system isn't that deep as I thought, and a tad bit restrictive too for example.Kinda sad that I have no motivation to play this really."
