user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198108269527,Recommended,215630,12604925,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,quantum_jak,"I bought this game at a pretty hefty discount before it was released after watching trailers and reading previews. I like the game quite a bit, not at all disappointed with the purchase. I played it pretty consistently until I finished it. Overall I'd rate it a 80/100The story is dark, set in a world plagued by demons and monsters after some sort of cataclysmic magical apocalypse. The decisions you make have very real consequences both for those close to your character and for the city where you spend most of your time.The game system works well - clearly heavily influenced by the Witcher 2. The combat is pretty good, but slightly rough around the edges.So should you buy this game? Depends on how much you like RPG's with dark stories, and whether or not you are willing to excuse the combat for not being as good as Witcher 2, Skyrim, Dragon Age or KOTOR 1&2.Finally I'd like to address the ""incest"" thing. Clearly people were not paying attention as your character is not actually a blood relative of the possible romantic interest."
76561197966799301,Recommended,215630,7494439,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Deathcoy,"Neither a Triple A rpg nor does it have top notch gameplay but extremely well done game nevertheless.The Plot:The plot is quite interesting but may put off some people, personally i love it. Its not very deep and has a few plot holes but manages to pull through. The areas in the game also ain't that big. Standard RPG formula, main plot brings the player to different places where he/she can choose to clear side quests(basically made up of kill this, collect that). Within the main plot there are crossroads where you will have to make choices and side with either faction. Without spoiling much, these choices affect that portion or area of the story but not much towards the ending. I've completed the game on my first playthrough within roughly 20hrs, minus all the afk and crash and completed almost all side quests.Combat/Skills/Stats/Crafting:Combat is action based not very fluid and flashy(it is a bit dull) but still passable and entertaining. Quite a limited Skill/Magic and Stats system, a far cry from other Dark Eye games and other ""single character"" RPGs. Again, nothing that really impressed me. Technically you can almost max them if you do grind the side quests. Crafting is very simple but kinda pointless, you don't really need the potions/buffs unless on higher difficulty.Graphics/Soundtrack:Looks more like a pre-2010 graphics, it looks somewhat dated therefore do not expect much on the looks of the surroudings, characters and world itself. Soundtrack is decent.Overall, i'd give it a 7/10. Plot and the backstory premise mainly the reason i play this game for."
76561197971358132,Recommended,215630,9709636,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Demencius,"A bit rough on the edges and a bit buggy (various crashes here and there) but A FUN GAME nevertheless with very interesting story , and mature content. Vast variety of talents and skills, good UI, interesting battles. Its the old school classical RPG. I suggest to play it with an XBOX compatible gamepad for max fun.Graphics 6/10Sounds 7/10Gameplay 8/10Story 9/10Stability 6/10Overall Fun 9/10"
76561197997737028,Recommended,215630,11712223,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,azareon,"As a longtime fan of the Dark Eye pen and paper rpg, I was intrigued when I heard about Demonicon. An action-rpg in the Black  Lands, dealing with the legacy of Borbarad - sounds good, at least in theory.Let's see how it holds up:Liked:- the content is mature (little SPOILER: there is a budding incestous relationship between our main protagonists)- the gameplay is on average pretty smooth, barring a few hiccups- the setting has been almost painstakingly recreated and the details border on continuity porn (if you don't know what that     is, look it up ontvtropes.org)- the story manages to pull you in and doesn't let up until the very end, with tough decisions, whose results you only see after a while, but for some there is always a third option depending on your skills-superb VA (at least in the german version, haven't tried the english yet; little spoiler: your father has the german voice of Liam Neeson)Disliked (well not actually disliked, but more puzzled by):- a couple of glitches in the graphics, nothing major or gamebreaking; I've seen a lot worse in AAA titles- something in the story progression that didn't make a lot of sense (SPOILER: you beat a powerful and annoying Rondrian and loot the armor from his corpse, only to be immediately offered a better demonic version by a demon - what's up with that?)Bottom line: IMO Demonicon felt like a somewhat quality-reduced clone of The Witcher 2, which is a superb game and thus Demonicon managed to be at least a good game. If you liked The Witcher 2 and you need to pass some time until The Witcher 3 arrives, then Demonicon is the game for you. If you're a fan of The Dark Eye, then Demonicon is also for you, since this is the only game besides Drakensang that made me feel like I was actually walking through Aventuria. Everybody else, it's up to you."
,Recommended,215630,19836747,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Daze The Bear Chieftain,"Demonicon is a 3rd person action RPG. You follow the story of a brother and sister, which takes place in the Dark Eye universe, who find out they have special gifts when their blood was mixed. You only play as the brother leveling up through action points and gift points you earn through battles. You can level up main stats like strength and vitality, skills like lockpicking, medicine, and speech or combat skills with the action points you earn. The gift points go towards your gift skills which are like magic powers.Combat in the game is ok. You have one mainattack besides the combat and gift skills. When attacking you need to time the button pressing right to continue your combo attack. Enemies can become bothersome or annoying sometimes when you go to attack and they keep hitting you and stopping your action. Controls did feel a little sluggish and slow when attacking. You do have a dodge roll which helps a little but your character seems to move slower than everyone else.Graphics look to be from something 10 years ago which isn't bad just not up to par with some games today. Plus it doesn't matter how a game looks if you enjoy it. Sounds were pretty generic and sometimes annoying. There are some parts in town when you are running around and NPC dialog got load and cluttered when it seemed like 10 people are trying to talk over one another.Characters were pretty interesting and funny. You can choose different ways to go in the game and I chose mainly the good side of things. What was weird though was in some conversations it seemed like my character was rude and evil even though I would pick the better dialog route. The story overall wasn't bad and get me interested to see how it all panned out in the end. You could even do another playthrough to see where other actions would take you.There were some issue with the game though. Framerate issues were a problem throughout the game. No matter where I put the settings I would drop as low as 15 frames sometimes which made for some rough video. I also would see pop in at times and screen tearing. I even had the game crash on me about 5 times when I was more than halfway though the game.Despite these flaws the game was still fun and intriguing. I liked some of the characters and even had some laughs here and there. It also has replay value if you'd like to see where the different choices would take you. If you can get the game on sale than pick it up and enjoy your time."
,Recommended,215630,7950500,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,marv,"Noumena Studios is able to pull off a better BioWare game despite coming uncomfortably close to putting Baldur's Gate fanfiction of Imoen to code.Following The Dark Eye Pedigree to the letter, there is nothing about Demonicon that does not involve the likely foreign and confusing lore of Adventuria. Fortunately for the player, the key aspects of this game are immediately and consistently explained to the point that anyone could become an expert on Borbarrad and his teachings, whether or not they care to hunt down all the legends and specific conversation choices.The fact that they are able to successfully craft a compelling narrative out of Borbaradianism - that is a demonic mixture of two parts extreme Nietzchean philosophy, three pinches of Social Darwinism inspired ritualistic sacrifice and a whole helping of Objectivism, present your potential adversaries as more than just giggling maniac cultists. There is a real methodology to the evil or demon worshiping characters in this game that is as morally questionable as it is seductive; “Every man – A Mage” and the pursuit of freedom through the power of Blood Magic which often comes at the cost of enslaving and murdering others.Outside of the inexplicable charm of the story, there is a tight combat that is a comfortable blend of simple Action RPG slashing and spell flinging. Easy to pick up yet difficult to master, Demonicon is as pen and paper as you can get without scripted irritation from a wrathful DM.As for cons, however, this game has a strange sense of what should have the effort to be animated and what will be skipped over abruptly - to the point where I am always surprised whether I have high or lower expectations of what the game will do. It has difficulty keeping characters out of making the same arm folds or generic dramatic finger points for the 100th time, yet it has the depth to program taking a single bite out of an apple and then casually tossing it aside in order to anger the parents of starving children, if the player so chooses to be a Rear Admiral Dickbutt for one specific part of the early game.It is a lower budget indie RPG and I wouldn't have it any other way after experiencing it in all its flawed glory."
,Not Recommended,215630,20943819,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Dolphin,"After playing other games from this developer like Mars War Logs, which I did enjoy, I fought through the negative feedback and thought, maybe this game just isnt for everyone! Unfortunately this game wasn't what I was hoping for. The fighting mechanics are slow, clunky and extremely repetitive. I probably could've played the game with a macro, 'swing, swing, swing...' The story was okay at best. It had nothing that excited or really made you want to play more thinking what's next?Frankly I'm shocked I played this game to completion, I dont recommend playing it as it might just sit in your library forever."
76561198065545417,Recommended,215630,29316867,Posted: 17 January,all,Ralf the Huge,"***** (of 5) Very good story with deep athmosphere, even it is very dark at times. Despite what you might hear, it's not a love affair between brother and sister. the graphics is great, especially the landscape. I also love the combat system and the way you can improve your abilities. Only downsides are, that you have to walk a bit far in between to get from one place to the other and that the potions are more or less useless except the healing potions. The enemies are developed quite good, so that you have to adapt to their way in order to beat them. All in all a really good game."
76561198052983021,Recommended,215630,19378294,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jvgocavs_2000,"I was born from the depths of the demon realm, fought monsters, demons, warriors and even my own kin to build my powers and seek the truth of my existence.  Along the way I chose which people I would help, what alliances I would form, who I would trust and whom I would betray via conversation trees and my actions throughout my story.  With every monster I killed I became more powerful by upgrading my skills, abilities and magic.  What powers I upgraded determined how I interacted with the medieval style fantasy world I existed in.  Upgrade my healing abilities and not only did potions work better on me but I was able to heal others on my journey.  Upgrade my plant knowledge and more potions became available to me to be crafted, for healing, buffing and to poison my enemy.  I was able to choose which magical attacks would best fit my play style and upgrade them accordingly to wreak havoc on my foes and seek vengeance, love, sex or various truths of the day.Demonicon was an above average action RPG overall.  It did everything an RPG is supposed to do well enough and has lots of flexibility in character creation, an enjoyable story that you get to sway here and there with meaningful choices, and solid if unspectacular graphics and voice work. I really enjoyed Demonicon more than most RPG’s I have played, the “Dark Eye” universe was new to me and I enjoyed exploring it and the character development choices and powers really made me feel like I was evolving into a demonic weapon, very satisfying experience and very underrated game."
,Not Recommended,215630,34973474,Posted: 15 September,all,mhenryblack,"The only people who are giving this game positive reviews are fans of the ""dark eye universe""...  as a fan of high fantasy I can understand their Devotion to a beloved intellectual property.However...This game is terrible.The combat is Clumsy, the animations are crude, and the voice acting would be an insult to a B Movie.I did not make it far in the game, because of the glaring quality issues. The game ran fine, but nothing about it made it seem like a worthwhile endeavor.  The lack of polish recalled  PlayStation 2 ports that were rushed to Market before 3D games were truly understood.I am not adverse to low budget games, I have to make this clear.   I have played several games on Steam that I picked up for $5 or less, released by Indie Developers, on evidently limited budgets...  a couple of these titles were very cheesy endeavors, but still good games with decent stories.  (Blood Knights, Marlow Briggs, Hunted-The Demons Forge - specifically)Truthfully, I'm not hard to please...  give me a good bro shooter, or a God of War clone, and I will be entertained, I do not need every game I play to be perfect.But on this one the developers just seemed lazy, in early encounters four legged enemies rotated on an axis, independent of their animations, to face me in combat.  The environments were  crudely conceived, the character movement janky.  Graphics seemes buggy, even when not.The reason I am writing this, is because of other reviews praising the story...  While some intruiging concept may be brought forth later in the game, what I witnessed was fumbling cheese.  (A brother and sister bored of their fathers admonitions ""never to mix their blood"", yet who by adulthood did not bother to find out why)  I just failed to see the strength of the story.  And that DOES matter to me.Is it the worst thing ever?  No.  Digital homicide bad?  No. But...  Don't let the fan-boy reviews make you think this game is Skyrim or anything nearly worth the asking price.If you buy it, deep, DEEP discount.  (This is one of 2 games I have ever bothered refunding.)2/10"
,Recommended,215630,9685614,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Zarosio,A great action-rpg that has interesting lore and investigates a moral grey area. The game uses a bioware style conversation wheel but improves upon the idea as none of the choices you are given are purely good or bad as each decision has a negative. The combat itself is not that good with just basic slashing and dodging. The magic system had lots of potential but in the end you only get to play with 4 different spells that can have their stats increased. You spend that vast majority of your time within the city of Warunk but do after a while get to visit a different location for a chapter ie a marsh. It took me approximately 18 hours to finish the game so it was a decent length and the areas you visit are very well crafted with lots of things to see.Definitely worth playing.
76561197997590714,Recommended,215630,8536188,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,NastyLad,"Well then, where to begin... To begin with: this game is decent. It has solid combat mechanics and an easily maneuverable UI (Crafting, level up etc. etc.). Storyline, and the universe itself, is dark and unforgiving (think Witcher mixed with Dante's inferno), yet really cool.The only ""negative"" thing is  that the game promises the ""good/evil"" meter most games these days have, but when playing you'll experience a lot of ""grey zones"" AKA. No1 is without a dark scheme, and most people will betray you or slaughter you children. I, personally, don't find that to be a bad thing as it brings diversity and depth to the universe, but some people might be confused by the lack of linear gameplay.Overall, it's a game worth getting if you're into old-school RPG's with demons, white knights, cults and lush fantsy environments.7.5/10"
76561198007486006,Recommended,215630,22848716,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,claudiassj,"A nice ambitious game, that wished to be many things; it does not exceed every expectations in any, but it still is quite enjoyable.For instance, its graphics appearence is outdated, and the fact that you cannot save whenever you want is extremely out of place in an RPG; however, the RPG component is not the only one - we should call it an action-RPG, with scarce focus on equip, with stats and abilities that are used and developed more like a hack-and-slash than a pure RPG and generally feel less important than your dodging abilities. Your character cannot be personalised, the story is quite linear, the world clearly has its lore, but you never get really sucked into it.All of this said, the story keeps you interested long enough, the style is challenging without being frustrating, and the Dark Eye's world has a lot of potential that has been scarcely exploited in games, so it feels like a breath of fresh air. If you can accept its limitations, it is a game you will enjoy."
76561198031324041,Recommended,215630,30188028,Posted: 25 February,all,Mumm-Ra,"Was absolutely loving this game until the last chapter. It seems to be a common problem with Risen/The Dark Eye series/Two Worlds, the games start out so strong and promising but eventually lose steam halfway through and slump towards the credits.Ofc with all three of those franchises the combat is imo fantastic but the quality of the narrative really needs some work in future titles.In Demonicon's case this was all the more painful as the story was excellent, the overall writing was of a high standard not seen in many big AAA titles.The game is comprised of five chapters and after chapter two I had the feeling that they had run out of time or budget, the areas of the game seemed to get smaller and smaller with less steps in the main quest line.That being said!Demonicon reminded me ALOT of Witcher 2 in the good way. Lots of story branches with choice/consequence. Meaningful in a world impacting way which leads to high replay value.The game tackles some controversial issues very early on  : Cannabilism, Incest, Necrophillia. A refeshing change from the more generic issues brought up in other titles.Character growth and progression - Again fantastic, you really feel Cairon growing stronger as the game progresses.Cairon at first glance appears a generic  hero, just shows how appearances can deceive, especially if you have a high skill in Charisma :)Some of the supporting characters were forgettable but Calandra, Father, Cassio were for me in particular very memorable. Well thought out and a good job done by the voice actors involved.Highly recommended.Its on sale alot as well for a disgusting 4-5 bucks. A steal believe me."
76561198042723481,Recommended,215630,7998013,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Flusao2,"Its a fine game for RPG lovers. Simple combat tatics, an history that makes you involved in the game and overall acceptable graphics and sound."
76561198006491086,Recommended,215630,24910857,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,The Crown,"An excellent game and an absolute steal when it is almost always on sale. Heartily recommend to anyone who enjoyed the playthrough and style of the 1st witcher, with it's dark fantasy, nihilistic choices and adult, not teen pandering storyline. I hereby name it The Witcher 2.0."
76561198046485037,Recommended,215630,33741808,Posted: 23 July,all,ЯaduTbeer,Finished it Today and I did not feel sorry for all the hours I invested in this game 22hours for completing the game.The game was amazing from start till the end!What I didn't like:-you cannot jump.-lots of invisible walls.-last world boss is the easiest boss fight.What I liked:-the combat (how can you fight enemies and combine the gifts with abilities and dodge everything).-the amazing story that I was carefully to read all dialog from every nPC I spoken with.-the universe of Dark Eye was always amazing.I don't understand why so many dislikes to this game because It was awesome and I will play it again on the nether hell difficulty to finish the remaining achivements maybe till the end of the year!I recomand to play it! good luck
76561197991756982,Recommended,215630,16820868,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,CerealKiller,"I play RPGs for the story. As long as the controls work and the premise isn't half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm happy. This is very much one of those. If you're looking for a game to blow you away with graphics, or let you roam the world endlessly, this is not the game for you. However, if you enjoy good story-telling and some fun gameplay to go with it, this is a good pit stop. The biggest claim to fame for this game is the DnD type feel. You're never much stronger than your enemies. You have ongoing side plots and decisions you make matter for the future. If you like DnD and RPGs, take this one for a spin. You won't regret it.Only 1 complaint: no fast travel and your movement speed is kinda slow out of combat. Near the end of the game there's a section where you'll ravel over the same area like, 7 times. Put on an audio book.... you'll be briskly jogging a lot."
,Not Recommended,215630,11689767,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Varlarion,"Lot's of lost potential. It is a dark fantasy, linear action RPG with small and not always believable levels. The translation of the complex attribute and talent system of The Dark Eye works well and the skills can be combined for fun battle combos. If you're not familiar with The Dark Eye universe, the story probably makes no sense at all, the (German) voice acting is lacking and the best parts are the storytelling 2D panels in between.Not an entirely bad game, but it could have been so much more."
76561197966515096,Not Recommended,215630,9004322,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Dashu,"The controls are made for consoles and therefore pretty annoying to handle on PC. You can't use half your keyboard and only have 4 potions on shortcut at a time... yeah!The combat ist super easy and extremely boring. It's basically rolling around, spamming left click to beat someone to death and occasionally cast something. Even though I specialized my character into casting spells neither did I have the essence (mana) to cast a lot, it didn't really deal damage either. In the end I found the talent that made me practically an invincible killing machine... didn't get more exciting from there. On the plus side you can finally invest loads of points into non-combat perks and still beat the game. Generally the perks are way more important than passive stats anyway. New dialogue options, better gear, healing people, finding traps, picking locks etc.The story (the reason to play an RPG imho) is... not bad but not really good either. It's a typical ""save my love from a demon"" thing. The visual presentation is a little dull since the characters show little emotion in dialogues. What annoyed me the most was that the story went straight in a direction that was ""choose one of the optionsthat you don't want that screws over your character"" and finally you get blamed for taking decisions you didn't even take. Maybe some of those triggers were faulty. Made the end a lot worse, though."
,Not Recommended,215630,9508470,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Martin,"Stay away from this game. Its is absolutly awful. The combat is dull, the voice acting is as flat and lifeless as the world in which you play. I love RPG's, i enjoyed critical flops such as Two Worlds and Arcadia but cannot find a single thing to recommend from Demonicon.It tries to give the illusion your choices actually affect the world and story progression yet apart from a couple of cosmetic differences they really do not. Infact twice whilst playing the  choices i made seemed to be totally ignored and the dialogue made no sense."
76561198002390134,Recommended,215630,12815042,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Shade,"Demonicon... well, demonicon is the perfect example of a mediocore rpg game. It has a decent story, an avagare combat system, not-so-bad voice acting and so on... Everything about this game is avarage. The game is easy, but not too easy, and sometimes you will be wondering why on earth is there an invisible wall evertime you are in combat. The game itself resembles some of the stronger titles of the gerne like witcher, but it doesnt quite give off the feeling that they do. It is not a bad game, but it is not a great game either. 6/10, it is buyable if you enjoy rpgs and find it on sale.Pros- Decent story- No significant downsidesCons- Everything is avarage- Graphics may seem ugly to some- Combat is restrained"
76561198056088856,Recommended,215630,29154891,Posted: 9 January,all,b.alexhizzy,"I was hesitant at first to try the gameas it looked like every other fantasy RPG on the market; however, immediately it drew me in and had me making decisions that would impact the entirety of the game. More than once i've gotten frustrerated that the outcome wasn't what I wanted and been unable to load a previous save due to the autosave feature.By the end of the game I was pleasured; however it left me wanting more. I'm not saying the game in itself was disappointing, in fact, it was quite enjoyable; there just wasn't enough. It all built up to a climax that fizzled out like a drunken hookup.I greatly enjoyed the choices i had to make. i enjoyed the different paths that I had to take and the different people i had to betray to get there. I enjoyed using blood magic and throwing stars. I did NOT enjoy those stupid demon hounds that kept setting me on fire, but alas, i digress.There were lots of twists and turns that left me shocked. This is a game i recommend for those that like to have a different expereince with each playthrough."
76561198189336947,Recommended,215630,23832095,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,White Guardian,"The major annoying thing I felt with this game is that it doesn't allow the player to save the progress manually. If you don't like a choice you just made in the game and so you load a previously (and automatically) saved game record, then you will need to go through what you have done since the previous save point all over again. Sometimes this means redoing everything you did in the past a couple of hours, especially if the choice you don't like is made at the end of a chapter.The in-game tutorial doesn't really teach you any useful tricks in a fight, and the enemy/monsters in the game do not progressively level up as your character. Therefore, in your first a few fights, you may feel it difficult to defeat the enemy/monsters without drinking a few potions. However, once you get a grasp of it, you may start to enjoy the fights.The equipment you can buy from the merchants usually is no match to those you get after a major (boss) fight. As such, the merchants in the game basically are places where you can dump the garbage which you pick up during your journey. In fact, as I can recall, I only purchased maybe 5 or 6 items from the merchants before I finished the game. From my point of view, the trading system in this game is useless.The combat skill and magic systems, on the other hand, are more interesting. The storyline is okay. The 3D engine runs smoothly on my computer. I have completed the game once already, but so far my computer has never hung up during playing.If the game is on a 50% or 75% off discount, I would suggest RPG lovers to try it."
,Recommended,215630,15317702,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,greywolf00,"Just finishedDemonicon.If you're a fan of story driven RPGs this is worth a look. There are a fair amount of twists and the story tends to stay fairly interesting throughout. There's a lot of choice and consequence throughout, though the ending is a let down in this aspect.It uses The Dark Eye rule system (like Drakensang and Blackguards) which tends to make character progression and building quite fun and rewarding. There's a handful of normal stats and skills and you get rewarded for making potions, opening locks, identifying lore, collecting plants etc.It's an ARPG due to the action combat, which I hate, by it's far from the worst implementation I've ever played. I never found combat to be overly clunky or difficult and the story was good enough for me to push through to the end. I did find that spell points to use for improving spells being rewarded based on spell usage during a fight to be a nice feature.There are some annoyances worth mentioning though. Demonicon does seem like a budget title (though with very solid writing). It isn't a long game, taking me about 10 hours to complete the entire game plus all the side quests I could find. Levels are fairly railroady and there's limited exploration (think Dragon Age 2). There's also a limited number of game areas and one dungeon gets reused 4 times for different quests. There's also semi limited itemization (this is no Baldur's Gate, but a fry cry from say Of Orcs and Men). It also uses an auto save feature rather than save anywhere which can be quite annoying.Overall I enjoyed most of the experience and would pick up another RPG by the developer."
,Recommended,215630,8185135,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,danny_ramlogan,"This is my first review, so don't expect anything technical.The game has a lot of potential, but if you're expecting an arpg with free roaming, free combat, then this game does not have it. Combat and the ability to gain 'AP' are limited to quest only; no level grinding here.I played the game before the first patch was released, so the game was quite buggy but playable. I was looking for a dark, mature storyline; found it here.The high point is the combat. It was quite fun. The unfortunate part is that you could not initialize combat on your own, but had to wait for the game to do it , which meant you were constantly placed in situations where you were outnumbered and surrounded; frustrating.I paid $49 for it. The fact that there was no free roaming and lack of exploration made it feel like I got ripped off. I would recommend this game if you can get it cheaper."
,Recommended,215630,10090561,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Rareu,"A singularly unique, charming game that had tons of potential. The story in itself was extremely gritty and dark, hitting off on the ethical tones of morality...unfortunately the game was a rather simple, somewhat old fashioned charming rpg (but totally made up for it in terms of story and ambient world). I would certainly look forwards to a potential sequel in the future. All in all the graphics and models were mediocre at best, at times you'd feel slapped in the face with all this information and no background information. Maaan, this whole dark I dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about incestual, flogging, religious demon toting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just really hit it off for me. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,215630,25701463,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The Stranger,"I simply can't compel myself to carry on with this game. It's boring. That's all there is to it. There's nothing interesting about the game.No manual saving, poor optimisation, nonsensical mechanics, mind numbingly boring narrative, lifeless characters, and♥♥♥♥♥♥combat.I'm not even sure if God knows what's going on in this game, or the motivation behind why certain mechanics and systems exist as they do. Want to pull a lever to deactivate a trap? Prepare to waste a tonne of experience in smithing, for some odd reason.You can't do anything without investing ungodly amounts of experience into passive skill trees - the same experience which you also need to increase other attributes. It's not as if a single point of experience equals a single point in an attribute\skill, either. Nope! That would be too simple. You have to pour your experience into unintuitive gauges which, once filled up, increase your level in that skill. However, until you do fill up these gauges then you will see no change in those abilities.The combat involves nothing more than spamming the attack button. It claims you can dodge, parry, etc, but you can't. Well, not effectively, anyway. Try to dodge? Your bumbling protagonist only does so after getting hit by every enemy near him, and only after a painfully slow animation plays out. Want to parry? Only if the RNG gods decide you're worthy. What's the point of a parrying button if parrying itself doesn't always work, or the command to make it happen doesn't always appear?The characters and dialogue are probably the worst aspect of the game, though. It's like watching wooden mannequins in a soap opera. The dialogue feels unnatural and just plain tedious. For the first time in my life I was glad there was a way to skip through dialogue in an RPG. The terrible dialogue is made even worse by the poorly animated, badly designed, characters which spew out this crap. Unblinking eyes, stiff movement, and uninspired design simply add to the tediousness of the game. The main character neither looks, nor sounds, interesting. His face reminded me of those old Action Man figures.I wont talk about the graphics, because in my opinion they were pretty good. I've certainly seen worse. The game was kinda laggy, though. It's strange. The actual game wasn't lagging (button input and what not was fine) it just looked laggy.Some of the environments look quite nice, it's just a shame you're given no room to explore them. Everything exists along linear paths (and I do mean linear) with nothing of interest to break up the monotony. There were a few interactable points here and there, but it's just junk fluff which doesn't serve a purpose beyond simply existing. It rarely, if ever, plays a role in the events which happen in the game.The game does have some minor choice and consequences, but I'm really not sure if said consequences have any real effect beyond a few new bits of dialogue here and there. To be honest, I didn't have the will to find out.Now, I did enjoy the non-animated cutscenes in the game. Well, the few I've seen, anyway. It has that whole Dragon Age vibe, using nicely drawn images with a voice over.Oh! Did I mention that you can't manually save, either? You have to wait for checkpoints. No idea why this system even exists in an RPG, but it does, and should you decide to pick this game up you'll have to screw around with it. Enjoy.I don't recommend this game at all. It's nothing but a chore to play."
,Recommended,215630,12368718,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,BLISTER LORD OF VR,"This is a roleplaying game about banging your sister before the villian does first, yes that's the main characters motivation. It's got standard fare stats, skills, and magic akin to other games in it's genre, unfortunately it's difficult at times to determine what to spend your skills on because most everything is unexplained.Thankfully you can button mash your way through combat without spending many or any of your skill points on fighting skills. This leads to the combat basically sucking, but well, it does the job.Animations are awkward and wooden, but the models and texturing are pretty well done. It feels like a budget game and I'd not recommend paying over 5 or 10 dollars for it. If you're unsure if you'll like it, wait for it to go on sale for a fiver, if you're a fan of the lore I'd say wait until it drops to 10.Overall generic budget fantasy rpg  game with enjoyable, but repetetive combat about taking your sisters virginity before some dude named Falk can.Do you let Falk get away with it or will you snatch your sisters snatch from his dastardly crotch for yourself."
,Recommended,215630,15256475,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,JuTuPeaY,"First, i dont know why this game has so ""bad"" review. i liked it. Buy it on sale. It's no AAA game but i had fun and i got way more than i expected.Pros:- Whole thing kind of reminds me of the Lannisters in GoT- you get XP for nearly everything (which makes you want to do so)- Decisions, Decisions- Fighting is kinda fun- Story is okay- You can answer 3(?) times with ""I'm the best""- ♥♥♥♥♥houseCons:- normal was kindy easy (demonic aura & high crit)- you can't really run- sidequest don't have any audio dialogues- couldn't visit ♥♥♥♥♥house, character is still virgin- answers of npc are sometimes kind of flat- npc's always speak about the same stuff when u run through the cityAbout the Endfight:- Made Chickenwings (+20 Min)- Went for a smoke  (-3 min)- talked every side-dialogue (-5 min)- killed boss, 1 Potion needed (-5 min)- atm writing this review (-2 min)Chicken Wings ready."
76561197968878135,Recommended,215630,9612571,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Chris,"Interesting enough RPG; very similar to the first Dragon Age.VERY complicated skill system; points are earned from defeating enemies, completing quests or solving skill challenges.  Using magic during fights converts some of the earned points in to ""gift points"" that can be exclusively spent upgrading magic abilities. The remainder of points can be spent on combat special abilities, skills (up to rank 5 of 7), stats that improve 2 skills, or stats that effect your combat capabilities.  Investing in skills early is a sure way to earn ongoing dividends throughout the game.Story was... interesting.  Well crafted universe with plenty of detailed back story, however the game does expect that you the player will memorize it.  Just learned a complex, multi-sentence incantation? Better hope you remember it precisely when it comes time to enter it because the game provides no ""your character knows this, so click here for the correct option"" which is a bit jarring given the ""follow the blinking quest marker to the hidden clues"" hand-holding presented at various points.Largest complaint: No manual saves. I understand that this is intended to actually invest you in the choices you makein the context of the Role Playing aspect by removing the ability to trivially alter your choices, but it can also be somewhat obnoxious when exploring large areas to have to find the next thing that triggers a save point.  Luckily the game saves after every fight and provides enough 3-6 minion skirmishes at various points that you're never terribly far away from a save point."
,Recommended,215630,8572505,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MyopicMuppet,"Playing this game is like watching the storyboard of a film that you can see will be good when it is done. Hopefully there will be a sequel that will be suitably polished. Gameplay wise, combat is essentially a modded version of the Witcher 2. The storyline is engaging although at some points it borrows heavily from other stories.... cough cough, Highlander. My one major problem with the game is that the choices that you make don't have an effect on the game. Demonicon is satisfying to play through but I would wait for it to be on sale, $10.00 would be a reasonable price for this game."
76561197988622597,Recommended,215630,9491062,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Mister Happyman,"I love this game, ok it might not as polished as say Dark Souls but its still a good looking game.The combat is easy to pickup and while it can be frustrating it is good.The one negetive I have is the Auto-save feature, just last night I was playing and really needed to quit, so was waiting for a save. however one didn't come up for a while.The positives I have are, its an interesting storyline, ok it might be quite generic familar but it's well told.Overall I would list this as one of my favourite RPGs, its a great shame reviewers can't over look it's minor negetive points which can be fixed."
76561198001915811,Recommended,215630,8688296,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,dominic.saltarelli,"Action-RPG done right.Usually the term action-rpg just means ""action"", but every now and again a developer gets it right. Demonicon may be a bit rough around the edges, particularly regarding dialog continuity and the occasional frustrating camera angle, but the core gameplay is a spot on mixture of live action combat and rewarding character progression. Real time hack-n-slash that also gives a moderate amount of actual character customization, with upgrade paths not just for spells and combat moves, but general stats, haggling, crafting, perception checks, lock picking, and more. Plus, each zone allows for some freedom of exploration rather than forcing you down the linear path right away. Combine this with a decent story, and the game actually feels like it is taking the RPG half of ""action-RPG"" seriously.If you liked The Witcher II, you will like Demonicon.The game is a bit short though where the campaign should take around 20 hours, so try and get it on sale."
76561197981900929,Recommended,215630,25634357,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,dark_ronnie,"a lot of good ideas with a rather rough executionthe gameplay is pretty strait forward, i found it fun in the beginning but, at least for me, when the end drew near it was getting a bit tediousthe story was intriguing, even if the beginning was a wee bit confusing, its a bit grimdark which can sometimes be assosiated with The Dark Eye, and i persenally enjoy thatchoice are very simple, one or the other in the moral greys, and the sidequest are completly pointless exp grindi enjoyed my time, but doubt ill play through a second time, but all in all good for the price"
76561198007073556,Recommended,215630,9624313,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,EddyDecapitated,"I've seen a fair amount of negativity surrounding Demonicon since its release - which is what has kept me away from the game until a recent sale. Having just beaten the game this morning, I feel very comfortable recommending this game to RPG fans, or anyone looking for a unique and enjoyable story.Demonicon's strengths lie in its commendable use of The Dark Eye universe, it's RPG & skill systems, the creative and thoroughly engaging story line, the focus on narrative and characters, and a well implemented choice system that affects the story and game world.The Dark Eye ruleset may not be represented to the degree that you see in Drakensang, but Demonicon's skills, spells and combat abilities are very well implemented. Its a joy to play a game that puts such high focus on character skills, such as Perception, Fast Talk, Lock Picking, etc. I highly recommend focusing on skills and spells (and less so on combat abilities) if you play the game. I also do recommend playing the game on Hard, as it is quite easy.Cairon's tale may not come across as truly unique in the first half of the game, but those who play all the way through to the end will enjoy a well paced and fairly well written tale that delves into Barboradianism. I've played a lot of RPGs, and I will always remember Demonicon's story - it is the game's standout feature. I really don't want to touch on the story line much, as I feel it is best for the player to delve into it with as few preconceived notions as possible. Suffice it to say that the plot synopsises and game descriptions do not give it justice.Demonicon places a lot of focus on character interaction and player choice. You will spend a siginificant amount of time in conversations with other characters, and in several points throughout the game what you say and decide will affect the game world, the characters and the story. The interplay of the strong, unusual story with the choice system that allows the player to shape how it develops and ends is quite gripping.Cairon may come across as a stale lead with poor attitude, but he develops well across the story, and I ended up being quite fond of him by the end of the game. He also has the distinction (late game) of wearing what is easily one of the coolest sets of armor I have ever seen. I was constantly taking screenshots of Cairon in his end game gear - it is exceedingly creative and morbid.Another factor that helps to amplify the impact and appeal of Demonicon's tale is the well realized game world. The graphics may be dated, but the locations throughout the game are distinctively bleak. Demonicon possesses its own imaginative, sepulchral take on The Dark Eye universe that extends from impressive locations, atmosphere, mood and detail to outright kooky and disturbing events and supporting characters. There is a heavy fixation on the undead, necromancy, demons, suffering, plague, prostitution, and damnation - and I believe it was handled in a way that elevated Demonicon into something quite unique among RPGS.I believe you play Demonicon for the kooky and imaginatively morbid storyline, the immersive game world, and the well designed choice & rpg systems. These are all wrapped up in dated graphics and sloppy combat - but I find most old school rpg players are quite accustomed to that by now;  the graphics and gameplay fit like an old shirt that brings back memories."
,Not Recommended,215630,29283934,Posted: 15 January,all,Zintix,"I can't recommend this game, people look for different things in an RPG, for me it's a good combat system and this game doesn't have it. It felt like I was in a ballet class without any ryhtm and my attakcs waved from enemy to anotehr with no real focus and of cue sound effects."
,Recommended,215630,24585288,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Nihilio,"It is a witcher wannabe that is fun but not great. Combat is combo based and kinda button-mashy, the story is good but nothing extraordinary. There are a lot of story branches to add replayability.Fun game to fill up time between other, better action RPGs"
,Not Recommended,215630,13615934,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Non Anti-Inverse One,"I've played the previous dark eye games and loved them. I picked this game up thinking it would be like the previous titles but with more action oriented combat and less exploration. Instead I got a sub-standard rpg with genuinely difficult choices that made no impact and a main character I was unable to sympathize with. While there were some interesting characters, the world was bland and the combat boring and repetetive. For the price I can say it was not worth my money."
76561198070330940,Recommended,215630,8077277,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,AstinDextor,"Definitely rough around the edges, but this game has a great story and though the combat starts out slow, it gets really good."
76561198089245287,Recommended,215630,7893361,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Faramir,It is a good story the graphis is good and I recommend to the others if they want to play you would try it and have fun also one bad thing for the game is too short story
76561198032789427,Not Recommended,215630,11178167,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Windless Bear,"I cannot recommend this game because it is heavily decision based, yet does not allow MANUAL SAVING. That's right; in this day and age you cannot choose when to save and quit at your own discretion. Not only that, but the game itself is only mediocre... it could definitely be enjoyable, but not when you explore and entire level only to instantly die from triggering a trap. Accidently proceed to a boss before finishing the dungeon? Too bad, your save is gone and you can't go back (unless you don't mind redoing the entire current instance, if it saved).Oh, and there's the whole incest plot line that starts really early on.Game is worth 15.00 max, if you like the genre."
76561197997997620,Not Recommended,215630,25851784,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,lovecraft.dagon,"I wouldnt recommend this game for everybody. If you go into it like me, thinking it would be Like Dragon Age, or Drakensang you'll be dissapointed. The graphics are nice enough, the gameplay works too, but the story is kind of cringy. At its low points i reminds me even of fanfiction :/If you can tolerate the story it can really be quite fun."
,Recommended,215630,26442290,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Globular Mass,"Contains possible spoilers:Pros:-Simple combat, but could be a bit more complex-CalandraCons:-Short game-Useless alchemy and traiding, you get good items just by progressing story-Badly implemented skill system, finished game without maxed out skills on hard-Linear story, choices don't matter, last chapter is too short-Cliffhanger ending, game just ends-Confusing backstory, one npc says something and other complete opposite, you don't know what's actually true at the end-Lore dumping dialogue-Quest objective pointersOne of my favourite games anyway. Recommended if you get it cheap."
76561198045571395,Recommended,215630,24615523,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Malpherion,"This is a good game. I bought it on special and played it for 1 week, few hours a night. Firstly, I would ignore people complaining about choppy graphics on their useless video cards. Play it on something decent, I have an i7-4790, 32gb RAM and a GTX980ti, no problems at all. Combat is great, you can add your 4 favourite strikes Magic/Combat or a combination of them all. Timing is important. You cannot just mash the buttons and hope for the best. Dive, roll away, throw a ninja star and follow up with an ice lance then a Mighty Strike while your opponent is frozen. I really liked the decisions in this game, everything you do has a consequence, do you save 6 people or let a killer go free? I am surprised they havent been sued by the people who made Highlander but I wont say anymore, you will need to buy the game to figure that one out."
,Recommended,215630,11355714,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Rascilon,"Demonicon is an excellent 3rd person RPG game with some minor flaws. Its' strengths are it's story and in particular the dialogue that is very well written and in combination with excellent voice acting really draws you in. The choice system is also done excellently, where the decisions you make give you different cutscenes or dialogue interactions from start to finish. In addition, there is moral ambiguity to most of the decisions you make, meaning there are rarely black and white choices to be made. The music and ambient sound are also done superbly, and compliment the atmosphere quite well. Another well designed system is the character advancement and skills. Instead of experience points and levels, you are granted Adventure Points that can be spent at any time, on any specialization you choose, giving you a nice degree of customizability. Unfortunately, this clever design is marred somewhat by an endgame where most if not all of your skills will be maxed.The other drawbacks of the game are it's fairly uninspired combat. While the controls are easy to use, and there is fair variety of player attacks and combos, the enemies are not particularly varied or dynamic. Some acts will have you facing the same 3-4 types of mobs ad nasuem for a couple of hours before you face a new type. Although it improves as the game progresses, and the boss fights are relatively interesting, more variety would have been welcomed. Also in need of improvement are the environments that while stunning in their art design and relative size, are often mostly devoid of npcs. This leaves some areas feeling strangely barren and artificial. The most glaring failure of the game however, is the itemization. While the crafting system is well implemented and useful, the graphic design on weapons is very mundane. This is particularly strange for a high fantasy title featuring magic and demons, to have such low fantasy weapons for the majority of the game. The developers may have wanted to underscore the humble origins of the protagonist, but even then, the art direction was dull. I never felt particularly excited by any of the loot. This problem is further exacerbated by the fact that NPC vendors without exception sell the best gear, making loot drops and chest finds vendor trash. Despite these flaws, Demonicon is a triumph in storytelling and one of the best RPG games of 2014. For fans of the genre, this is a must buy."
,Not Recommended,215630,10975745,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Farsken,"It's far from the worst game out there.This game is quite mediocre and kinda ok. But combat is way to repetative and kills my enjoyment of this game.Enviroment and physics seems a bit ""clumsy"" and I find it quite annoying that I can't jump. The technolegy for this game seems to be 10 years old.I will give it a plus for story, which seems to be just as good as any other RPG. However I've not played this game through, and doubt that I will. So I can't tell if the story will be that great throughout the game.To me this game is just mediocre, and I expect far more from an RPG made in 2013."
76561198007224247,Not Recommended,215630,8949976,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,CorKalom,"This game would have been Ok in the year 2004-5. It is hopelessly outdated in every aspect. The graphics are like in Gothic 2, the skill and fightsystem is minimal and the story has some huge holes.It has some nice ideas but clearly fails in trying to bring them to fruiton. And while it offers some chioces and consquences those are minimal and miss eompletely towards the end."
76561197991530845,Not Recommended,215630,20226029,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,paci,"Story poorgameplay poorgraphics poor,imo dont buy it for more than 10 bucks"
76561198267786077,Not Recommended,215630,20799200,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,ShadowSamurai86,"This was really a tough one.I wanted to like this game, i really did, i just could not bring myself recommend this game to anyone.The first major flaw which i found to be HUGE was the improper loading, crashing and glitching of the game. If i wanted to load the game sometimes i would have to start the launcher three seperate times, using task manager to close the unresponsive instances inbetween. MAJOR pain in the rear. To make matters worse, sometimes the game would just decide to crash, just randomly. The only saving grace there is that the saves are frequent................but..................The save file is singular, and by that i mean that any progress you make will overwrite your current save. That means if you screw up and pick the wrong choice, go into an area that advances the plot before finishing a side quest etc, you are stuck. The game will have overwritten with the furthest progress and you will have to start the game over to fix it. Not exactly something you like to see in an RPG were supposedly your decisions could effect how the story unfolds................but about that one................Your choices dont matter. You are given the illusion of control of the characters destiny. The only things that will chance are slightly different cut scenes and your fetch quests will be given by either faction A or faction B. It just felt weak.In terms of gameplay, there is some fun to be had there. The ice spells and the demon aura were quite good for stunning opponents and speeding your attacks. I found the Fire and Poison spells to be worthless, fire spell is point blank so you will get stabbed 100% of the time before the spell goes off and the poison spell burns through your magic wayyyyyyyy too fast. The attacking was done by simple chaining of your attack button (X for me since i used a 360 controller), the higher your chain the more magic you get back to refreeze your enemies. It got bland after about 15 hours in, which is not bad considering the whole game took me 18 hours and i did almost everything there was to do in a single play through.The money in the game quickly becomes absolutely pointless. The only thing you will use it for is to buy potions and enchantments for your armor. The enchantments also get pointless as you get the ""Final"" set of armor at the end of chapter 3 (There are 5 chapters). I put silver enchantments in the armor because they were the best enchantments i had at that point in the game. Then in the next two chapters you get gold enchantments..............but no armor...........whatsoever. Since enchantments are permanent.............ya i was kinda screwed at that point.The story starts out with good potential in the prologue and builds well in chapter 1 and 2 (chapter 2 was very well done). After that............meh...........just meh. Chapter 3 went in a direction i just did not care about and chapter 4 and 5 were just absolute crap. It felt like some other games i played where they started out with plenty of money and good ideas and then got rushed and had to wrap it up quickly and on a budget.The bottom line is, i just will not recommend this game to any individual period. Between the software problems, weak story and mediocre gameplay, i just dont see anyone getting very much enjoyment out of this game."
,Not Recommended,215630,20452656,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Jayetty,"Audio was cringeworthy, game glitched at first boss, enemies spawn out of no-where, and the abilities get cut off if you get hit, so... hard to play (even on easy mode).Not really worth your time."
,Recommended,215630,9197319,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Vitamin Dee,"Got to make out with my sister, what more could I want from a game..?"
,Not Recommended,215630,15015676,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tourgen,"The RPG framework is good.  It's some oldschool RPG using the Dark Eye system.  Parts of the story are fun and there are some choices to make along the way.  Incest, undead brothels, demon summoning, evil mages - great stuff.  The action gameplay is atrocious.  Many levels and areas feel unfinished, almost randomly  generated with poor attention to detail.  Gear and consumables are bare-bones with little variety.  It could have been great.  It feels unfinished and rushed."
,Not Recommended,215630,13553193,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,LaRomanelo,"So, I've just finished playing Demonicon. What can I say...Don't play Demonicon!Apart from the game looking as if it was made some ten years ago (seriously, it looks much like Gothic II lacking its lush and colorful (by mid-2000 standards)  enviroments, movement animation is ridiculous, face animation... do the developers even know of face animation?!), having uninteresting characters and a rather puzzling story (I'm not even sure I can remember the names of all the prominent gods and demons mentioned in this game or how they relate to one another - even those who did matter to the story!), it is just BORING TO PLAY. Fights are really lazy and not thrilling at all, bosses are just too simple to finish off - there is a certain tactics to do it for each of them, but you don't have to think it through, it is just so goddamn obvious each time!I bought this game because I saw someone recommending it for those who liked Bound by Flame, and you know what? Bound by Flame is ten times better than this.Seriously, Demonicon isn't worth your time."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,215630,9555451,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"The combat system can not be over looked, the slow attack speed mixed in with the fact you cant roll out once an attack animation has started only hurts this game even more. The story dose not let you have any choice nor do you feel as if what you do in the world matters. There are a lot of holes in the writing and in the way the game as been put together as a whole. There are far better games out there, don't waste your time with this one.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPOcZKYiBFo"
,Recommended,215630,10733917,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Beef Agitprop,"The graphics are dated and gameplay is a bit simple but the mature intriguing story line is a rarity amongst video games - much less fantasy RPGS. The game's lore draws extensively from the Dark Eye universe and expands it further by delving into its demonology. It is a selling point for Dark Eye fans who have played previous games such as Drakensang and Drakensang 2.It is helpful to think of this game as a far better Risen 2. That game has terrible graphics and gameplay, a simple progession system and is buggy but it had a lot of humorous dialogue and a decent story line and lore continuing from Risen 1. Demonicon similarly has some humorous dialogue and a simple progression system but has a more complex and intriguing story line, a richer lore and passable graphics and gameplay. For $10 its worth it but not at full retail.*PS Watch out for a certain Grand Magus. Best dialogue in the game. Some of the dialogue come across as stilted and unevenly paced - however the guy playing the Grand Magus pulls it off brilliantly."
76561198023948040,Recommended,215630,10073488,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ratified_addendum09,"The game is very nice visually, but the controls suck. Especially in fights with hordes. It is a button mashing rage fest, where you are trying to get out of your own way while simultaneously trying to do unneccessarily complex key combos to make short work of the the ultimate bad guys, this could have been done much much better and for the price it is abhorrent to think with this release they imagine it is worth this much  money. Make the UI better and then we can talk."
,Not Recommended,215630,7885372,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,tuathadedannan357,"Well I picked this up before realizing that the license to use the Dark Eye name had been picked up by another company. Expected it to be a classic Dark Eye experience like Drakensang and its sequal. Its nothing like the afformentioned games at all and has about as much to do with the rules system in which it takes its name as D&D 4e has with Dungeons and Dragons (okay in fairness perhaps Demonicon is even further divorced). What I found was a poorly executed diablo clone with a storyline so divorced from Aventuria and the Dark Eye as to be unrecognizable. This is another example of a developer using a familiar name in classic rpgs and using it only for marketing purposes with little or no regard for the IP they are mutilating for profit.To be honest even if I had been looking for a diablo style action rpg this game is just pitiful. Slow response time, awkward animations and voice acting, and sadly even the story and character development are lacking seriously. Please spend your money elsewhere on a game more deserving than this one."
76561198006240303,Not Recommended,215630,26135952,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,cell1e,"I played the Drakensang series and loved them so was excited when I heard a new game would be released. Then I was annoyed because I wasnt going to be able to create a character or play as a female so I decided not to buy this game. A few years later I have picked it up fiarly cheap off steam and am very glad I didnt play full price.It is a rpg with some choices in how you level your build but really not too many choices, you need a combination of skills to really be at your best. So I mostly used long sword and spells.I felt the whole demonic thing was very aggravating and confusing at times, while the story was simplistic in ways I didnt always understand why my choices resulted in certain outcomes. Then I also couldnt reload and replay a decision as this is a check point game and I sure didnt want to replay a whole wadge of the game for each decsion. I think for rpgs where you get to make choices you should NOT have check points.Loot was plentiful but not so useful. There was little variety or excitment in the armours and weapons too.The romance was simplistic and fairly shallow. Howver there were a couple of funny moments in the game.Im not sure why they didnt make the great quality rpg that we are used to from this developer. I wouldnt really recommend buying unless you get it on sale.This game could have been so much more,"
76561197999997817,Recommended,215630,25393776,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,twistyelf,"It's an interesting game.  The graphics aren't all that great, the story is average and the gameplay is okay.If it's on sale, definately pick it up for a fun diversion.  Replayability isn't on the radar, this is a play until you beat it then uninstall game."
,Recommended,215630,11751488,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,"Juwan ""JuJu"" Jackson","Okay game good voice acting, decent skill setup, okay visuals. My biggest gripe is the animations are so weird!! With that said, get it on discount. Also one other thing, it's super awkward playing it when in front of family or freinds. So, yeah just letting you know..."
,Not Recommended,215630,11449744,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,"The next time you or someone you know complains about ""Bioware Romances"", please remember that this game exists.  This game where the only romance option for your character is your sister, and you get an achievement for not having sex with her.  I don't actually know if there's another achievement for actually boning her because apparently I'm not the intended market demographic for incestuous german rpg's."
,Not Recommended,215630,9601907,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,*******,"I haven't played a game with combat this sluggish and crippled for many years. It's... horrible. And with ""gameplay"" that consists of mobbing you with undead while your otherwise unhelpful sidekick fumbles with a mechanism to open a door... Again, such ""innovation"" has been tired for quite some time. I only made it to the Cannibal, by which time I'd had enough punishment."
,Recommended,215630,16846160,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Marybelle,Super Incest Adventure 201312/10Would incest again
76561198013864699,Not Recommended,215630,9700537,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,[OUCH]i-chuck-choo,"The story starts out pretty interesting made me want to know what happened next. Kept feeling that until I reached the end and said to myself ""The ♥♥♥♥ was the point of that?"", Graphics are meh at most. And game mechanics are horrific. Overall It wasnt worth the money I spent on it. (Red head is hot though)"
,Not Recommended,215630,9927085,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,anemochore,really disappointed.
76561197963648068,Recommended,215630,7961264,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,sKorpion,New Review!sKorpion rating: 9/10The game has been patched!this provided MAJOR improvement to the gameplay and performance!excellent story!memorable characters.quality voice acting.good combat/skills that YOU choose to personalize character.graphics craked up game is gorgeous.still can't rebind all keys... but that is my only complaint.overall thoroughly enjoyed the experience...enough so that i am hoping for DLC or Demonicon II  ;)
76561197970517398,Not Recommended,215630,15736402,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,robotnist,"OVERALL SCORE-  2/5the GFX are ""clean"", textures decent. best described as tolerable. but faces are dull, and almost 'doll' like. movement and animations are very basic.the most redeeming quality of this game is its character development.it has all the depth of a D&D like system. you get 2 diff experience type points to upgrade skills and spells.you get to see gear when you equip them, the detail is decent, but upgrading armor for me in the time i have played has only been slight alterations each time i found new armor. weapons look decent, and it seems there are numerous types, like blunt, swords, daggers, etc.combat at best is a button masher, with some strategy in rolling and blocking, some times you cast spells too. but it feels pretty sloppy overall.but the major buzz kill here is the game DOES NOT have a manual save!!! to add that to the games overall medium low quality, it makes the game untenable for me. unplayable overall. my most recent session with it, had me logging out, saying to myself, ""i will never play this again"", and deleting it.let it be known, it was not a rage quit, i almost didn't even care enough to be mad. it's almost as if, if you loved a game, THEN you would be mad when it disappoints you. but when a game is of poor quality like this, you are not surprised at all when you finally decide you have been wasting your time.the best way to compare a game style like this would be to compare to a game like Game of Thrones. if i hadn't played either games and they came out on steam and i was trying to decide which to buy, they would both seem equal, but GoT has a MUCH more rewarding game and gameplay.where GoT could be considered a little rough on the eyes, and some of the systems are a little clunky, the voice work is perfect, the story and lore bits you find are very enjoyable (especially if you enjoy the GoT show or novels), if you don't they are still enjoyable to gamers who like lore and journals in games like Dragon Age. the combat is VERY strategic and fun. maybe GoT doesn't have as many character development options but it still has many options for crafting and designing your characters paths.i hate to call any game unplayable, or unnecessary to even try out, but like i said, the lack of a manual save just put it over the edge for me.its basically, a game, with a well thought out character upgrade system, in an ugly static world, with a story that's hard to care about."
,Not Recommended,215630,22698230,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Chandrey,"Other reviewers have put this better; but this isn't worth your time unless:1) it's very, very discounted on sale (do not pay more than £4)2) you don't mind mindless controller click X combat3) You really want to play an incest simulator- 5 hours of my life I will not get back, don't make my mistake"
76561198046977072,Recommended,215630,16803739,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,pantelakis,"This is an excitng game, a pleasure to play and rewarding. Please do a follow-up.......I'll be the first to buy!"
,Recommended,215630,25256407,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Baby Jesus,"if you can look past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t voice acting you will enjoy this game.Great story, gameplay and skill systemOverall a decent RPG9/11 IGN"
76561198001476196,Not Recommended,215630,22814715,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sanity'sEdge,"This was just ""recommended"" to me through Steam. How can I write a review if I obviously don't own it, since then it wouldn't show up as recommended, you ask?Well I owned it and I wrote Steam support to delete this sorry excuse for a game from my account.This is no good game for anyone, not for ""Realms of Arcania/The Dark Eye/Das Schwarze Auge""-Fans since it is dumbed down that it hurts and also not for RPG-Fans in general, since it is badly written, the mechanics are no fun and there are many, many better alternatives available."
,Not Recommended,215630,20423392,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,zaphodikus,"A game which does not belong in ""The Dark Eye"" collection, I'll explain.Demonicon is well drawn, the screen furniture and cutscenes are great - the game mechanics and even the combat engine are quite good - the combat mechanics are clever, but sometimes a little frustrating despite being intuitive and pretty. But.What will make me want to buy the game? A desire to play a linear hack, slash, push-button a lot game. Unfortunately I'm not that kind of gamer anymore, so it gets a big ""not recommended"", for 2 reasons.Alt-tabbing away may (will) halt your system, and the characters are really not that likeable, the dialog is out of place and plastic and well. There is just too much dialog for a game that revolves around clicking the mouse on monsters a lot. Demonicon is not included in TDE for the practical reason it's published by Calypso. Not even woth £7 unless your really really want this game skip it. Unplayable, if getting a pop-up in skype/WhatsApp or other causes a screen switch randomly, either the game crashes, or your PC crashes. A pity because it does show promise, but has zero dev support."
76561197965632995,Recommended,215630,9681978,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Icefire,Gameplay is good. Graphics is good. Character Development is okay.Content is short.
,Recommended,215630,12022191,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"Love it , these types a games rock and we need more it is along the lines of gothic 3 style of gameplay . First my review is biased just because i love this genra but i truly found this game heaps of fun and i had more fun playing this then any of the dragon age games . So if you like 3rd person adventure games like gothic 3 or the risen games then i highly recomend this . Also it has full controller support witch is a must for me in these types of games . Bottom line i payed full price and i am happy with my purchase so i recomend this for your adventur needs ."
,Recommended,215630,9445158,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,"Tries really hard to be a game from The Witcher series and while the story is very predictable and unoriginal its really not that bad (ignoring the incest). The controls were designed for just console controllers making keyboard+mouse use messy  and arkward. The skills tree is different and works quite well. Where this game fails is the combat. Its slow and tedious. I actually thought it was lag at first as you click and wait a second for the attack, click again, wait and so on. You also have no control over which enemy is targetted meaning some fights end up taking 15 minutes of endlessly respawning zombies until you're lucky enough to finally target the right enemy. 5 out of 10"
,Recommended,215630,12878516,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Gemanoneko,"If you like action RPGs with good stories, get this on sale.A bit rough, but I really enjoy the game.Pros:- nice story- lovable characters- meaningfull decisions- dark fantasy setting (for those, who like it)- nice system of skillchecksCons:- battle system repetiteve and not polished- graphics is not just outdated - sometimes looking funny40 USD is alot for this game, but I really advise getting it for 20$. Everything less than that is a steal.I really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,215630,9254201,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Yurimir,Very good well made game love the graphics and game play i recommend this one
76561198044988493,Recommended,215630,9554725,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Grubzilla,A fun hack & slash RPG.
,Recommended,215630,11070049,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kellywebr,witcher style mechanics. story has me coming back for more
,Recommended,215630,29574024,Posted: 29 January,all,Hide on bush,really alot of bug.no support from developer. the game was lagging like hell on r9 290 for no reason. voice acting stutter with the cut make u more annoyed by this game. i really want to like this game.but i just cant.thats all
76561198034927328,Recommended,215630,8805836,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,jpbowman,"Demonicon...Demonicon...an anagram for what? ummm ....medioc....nearly except for that infernal r (and those other missing letters). Anyway...the game is RPG lite, story modest, trope happy, and blithely straight forward. It's one part Witcher, some elements of Dragon Age, rather humorless and the rest indifferent. I played it all the way through and it was harmless, unstressful and rather predictable, with a capital P. The story isn't flat feeling though I give it that, characters are decent if nothing really special, the philosophy of Baradanianism is vaguely interesting,  and the gameplay is mildly fun. My suggestion is get it on sale for perhaps $10 and it will feel more or less worth it. The three Fs - fun, fay, and forgettable."
76561198001464632,Recommended,215630,8823942,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Kid Cloudy™,"pretty sweet, story is good, seems similar to dragon age"
76561197983099023,Recommended,215630,11005484,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Natty Boh man,"I had a lot of fun with this game. The story was great and the combat was fun. Even after playing through the entire game, there are some pretty basic play mechanics that I still don't understand.  (I was never able to use any of the combat moves that you can acquire, only the very basic attack, dodge, etc)Still, I had a good time and the game was definitely worth my time and the purchase."
76561198009523114,Recommended,215630,11767143,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,RjAnkos -RJ,"A great game if you judged it alongside other games, like Witcher 1, Gothic Series, from Eastern Europe Companies. Even if grahpics aren't exactly Triple A, gameplay, story and RPG elements are reasons enough to finish the game. In my opinion, it is comparable to the first Witcher. If you like Witcher 1, definitely pick this game up on a Sale.Overall : 7/10Combat : 8/10Graphics : 6.5/10RPG elements : 7/10"
76561198033415311,Recommended,215630,11797787,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,sarrukin,"This will be my first review, generally I do not do reviews, because I am lazy, but this game is so much fun, that now I have to start. I bought the game on sale for 6 euros, it is worth some more, and a lot more of you collect Das Schwarze Auge games.So far, I did not finish the game so everything I say is based on the first 30 something percent of my progress.First of all, I read earlier that Demonicon resembles the Witcher. It is true but only concerning the graphics and the cartoon cutscenes. Demonicon is much more immersive, though more linear. Whereas I, in both Witcher 1 and 2, had to take huge pauses when playing through - because the story was not too interesting, and I got bored at some parts - here I played through the first 27% of Demonicon at once, if I remember well.The point is that the story is dark fantasy, and is as immersive as in Dragon Age, only with much less sidequests. The side quests are there rather only to show that this game has sidequests, but that is not its strongest side. This game is rather about one great main quest, which fits the DSA universe very well.It is NOT true that without the Dark Eye background the story is senseless, or makes very little sense to an outsider. In the in-game codex there is plenty information to get acquainted with the DSA setting.The German voice acting is also okay, nothing wrong with that.The graphics of the better parts resemble to Witcher.However, there are worse graphical parts, mainly when you meet with non-talking NPCs. At those points this game resembled to another dark fantasy rpg, Hunted. Apart from the main, important characters, the less important characters are not too living. They are very static, which could be theoretically good, but in Demonicon you cannot talk to most of them either, which gives a bit of a dead feeling (""lifeless environment"", but on the contrary, the sounds are very living). And also gives you the hint only to concentrate on the main quest.I have to say as well, that the sizes of the city of Warunk are so proportionate and so realistic, I think it beats everything so far I have encountered. The city, and its districts are neither too big, nor too small. I assume in the medieval time we had the same sized towns. It feels good too go on the Warunkan streets. For comparison, the Dragon Age Denerim is highly disproportionate.STORY: Again, the main quest and story is as good as in Dragon Age, with moral choices, which field is the best one ever invented in an rpg, according to me. M&M Dark Messiah also came to my mind as a comparison.GRAPHICS: Graphics are similar to Witcher and Hunted.IMPORTANT: You have to shun this game if do not like linear games and prefer the free roaming style. You can free roam, but only a little bit, within a smaller place usually, and also it is not worth to do it too much - you just rather proceed with the story.One additional fact concerning the skills. This game has 8 or so non-martial skills. I felt when I distributed the skill points, that they are not a waste, because I could make use of every skill, including the Legends and Lore, each of them were important. Also this game made me think that even in a pen and paper rpg you do not need more non-martial skills than these 8 (legends, plant caring, persuation, spotting things, disarm traps, open locks and two more). If there is more of them you will use only a small percentage of them, so most points you spend will be a waste. Or, you will not be able to spend sufficient points to each important one of them (to the ones you really need)"
,Recommended,215630,9438392,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Kal-Caedus,"Slightly difficult at first to get use to and having early equipment. Story is entertaining enough to stick with it, but the choices and RPG elements made me finish it, and I have a low game completion ratio on steam. I will go back and replay with opposite decisions. Lacks more RPG elements though, and when you figure out what skills are most powerful you are OP the rest of the game. Still a lot of fun, and worth it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,215630,25055435,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Thrar,"An unexpectedly great game. Reminds me a lot of the Gothic trilogy.A dense dark atmosphere, consistently well done. Graphics are a bit outdated, but the combination of graphics, music and effects still feels very real and immersive.The story is the strongest point of this game. It's original, well-paced, and has a lot of depth to it. Especially interesting for players with a background in the Dark Eye (whether from other games or the tabletop RPG), but also works fine on its own.Recommended for anyone interested in a story-driven RPG that's a fair bit darker than usual. Strongly recommended for any Dark Eye fans."
76561198039084215,Not Recommended,215630,30398380,Posted: 8 March,all,De Luca - InvestGames,InvestGames:https://investgamesblog.wordpress.com/- BLOGhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0dvDyLS4_kwbz8gYallU5g- YouTube
76561197986001357,Not Recommended,215630,7995715,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,sasa,"Game is boring. Outdated grafics, linear story , boring endless dialogues, awfull PC and NPC models with articulation of wooden doll. Even Arkadia (failed Gothic IV) was better.And ending...it sucks.Why I purchased and finished it? Because all other RPGs on Steam I was interested in are in ""early development stage"", and I finished them also."
,Not Recommended,215630,9460280,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Aris,"This game is rubbish and a complete waste of my £10. I wish I have read the reviews and follow their advice, which is DON'T BUY! The only game on my list that is worse than this is Realms of Arcania: Blade of Destiny, which is a total con.You cannot save the game (it only saves automatically whenever it wants), the combat system is bad, the interface is even worse, the graphics are rubbish, the voice acting is average and the story seems just ok - I wasn't going to waste more than the 3hrs I've already spent to find out if it was better than the other aspects of this game. The 'puzzles' are ludicrous, (e.g. how do I open this door? Oh there's a lever next to it!), the maps are small and 100% linear.On top of that the game has crashed 4 times in 3hrs for no apparent reason and the graphics/movement are so bad that my eyes get tired after a few minutes of play time...So save your money and buy something decent instead. Needless to say that the £29.99 price tag is a bigger joke than the game itself."
,Not Recommended,215630,9444109,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Imotep Dragoon,"""Rubbish game, poor graphics, poor controls, poor storyline.""Ok I've played a bit more of this game now and yes I was a little harsh to begin with...The storyline does improve as you get into it and maybe worth the temporal investment to play, but I am still against buying this game.The combat is rather clunky and a lot of the combatants ""vibrate"" while in combat.I quite enjoy rpg's and as I said this game may be worth playing if you can get into the story but otherwise is a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,215630,8835630,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Game198,Its fun I really really liked the game...until the last 5 minutes. Everything you have done up to the point is worthless a waste of time. You thought you where shaping this game but you are left with one generic ending. If the game was 5 or 10 bucks ya it is worth it but at 40 not even close.
76561198040919135,Recommended,215630,17431206,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cylexus,Great Rpg game similuart to Dragon Age 2.
76561198132879313,Recommended,215630,18112389,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Classic Zena,"Its old but its good, put lots of points into melee at first and then you'll have fun. 7/10 would'nt buy again."
76561198073970025,Recommended,215630,16748796,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Orgenmonkey,"Two Thumbs up.Personaly this has almost all I want in an RPG with a few minor drawbacks.Pros.Combat- fast paced and has enough variety to make it engageingStory- rich and dark allowing you to take your own pathCustomisation- What you do changes the world and you can tell !!! also your character can pretty much fit as a mage , thife, warrior, ect so that's pretty good also.ConsINCEST- All the avalable romances are INCEST or NECROPELIA that was a little um . . . creepy."
76561198066479009,Not Recommended,215630,9947832,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,rodgozinya69,"Bad game to play with controller. The ""start"" and ""back"" button have been confused.  No quick map button. Game feels very sluggish.  Luckily I got this on sale for $5 instead of paying the usual $30"
,Not Recommended,215630,19448890,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,ZergHunter,"WORST GAME EVER, why? The skill tree is the worst and story is wierd"
,Recommended,215630,17121613,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Sniper Joe,"Edit: Commenters have told me the price of the game has been halved. Because I wrote the review when the game was fresh in my mind (it isn't anymore), and the issues I had with the game still exist, I'll leave the written review unchanged so people can see my complaints. However, from what I remember of the game, $20 is a much fairer price for what you're getting. So, I think I can now recommend it.I want to clarify first off that this is not a bad game. I'm not recommending it not because it's a bad game, but merely because it offers nothing over other games in the genre. It is, in almost all respects, perfectly average and mediocre. Were it priced a little more reasonably I might recommend the game in spite of its shortcomings, but $40 for something that I would only describe as ""painfully average"" is a bit too much.One thing I think is worth praising is the story. Apparently this is based on a German tabletop series akin to DnD. I know nothing about it, but the game does seem to have a great deal of backstory and lore that is only barely touched upon within the actual game, and that does breathe a little life into the story. Not everything is explained within the context of the story (you'll probably spend half of the game wondering just what in the hell a Borbaradian actually IS), but the game does provide a fairly robust codex that describes things not expounded on in dialogue. And the story itself is fairly interesting. Many of the characters were also enjoyable. I especially liked Feodor, Argus, and Solus; it is a shame that the last two are only available in the last area of the game.That is, however, where my praise basically has to end. You're given several choices during the story, but it doesn't really seem like that has any impact on how the story plays out, at least not to an appreciable degree. Most of the choices are binary, and the only difference is whether you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what you're doing or whether you're not a♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Banish him"" or ""execute him"" result in the exact same ending plotwise; the character is gone and has no impact for the rest of the game. That's basically what every choice boils down to. Which of these characters do you accept as your father? Doesn't matter; either one has absolutely nothing to do after the choice. The worst of anything is the ending; I had hoped for a little more variation, but it's just another generic, binary ending. To be fair, this is not a problem specifically with Demonicon; many RPGs suffer from a similar problem.Combat is monotonous and dull, made at times even painful because of a lack of lock-on. I can't count the number of times I cast an ice spell and Cairon threw it in a direction I wasn't aiming at towards an enemy I didn't care about. He does it with melee attacks too, which is especially egregious. If you're not going to have the character attack in the directions I'm inputting, at least give me a lock-on so that he doesn't roll across half the screen to hit an enemy I have no reason to go after. There are several points in the game where you'll face summoners constantly bringing in new enemies and all you want is to kill them but Cairon keeps going off trying to hit some damned small fry who's just going to be replaced even if it dies. And that's awful.At least, however, that adds some element of difficulty. I played through on Normal and the game is just pathetically easy. I apparently got an achievement for not using any potions throughout the entire game; I wasn't even TRYING to get this achievement, there's literally just no need for the things, at least on Normal. Doubtless the game is harder in one of the other difficulty modes, but it should bear mentioning, shouldn't it, that throughout the entire game I didn't need even a SINGLE healing potion? Perhaps allowing Cairon to heal by attacking was a bit too much. As long as your combat multiplier is high enough (hit enemies without them hitting you, basically), every attack heals Cairon for a fairly substantial amount of health. Since almost every enemy in the game has hitstun from being hit, and Cairon can roll indefinitely and is invulnerable during these rolls, it's child's play to rack up a large combat multiplier and just heal, heal, heal.The camera, for the most part, is fine, but there are a few sections where it gets in the way. There was one section in a building in Kreutzer Alley where the camera was so bad I literally could not see what I was doing and nowhere I could move to fixed it. I simply had to mash the attack button until combat ended and then I was able to move to an area where the camera was not so screwed up. I have a feeling this was due to the relatively low ceiling in the building, and this WAS the only place in the game where the camera screwed up to such a degree. As I said, for the MOST part, the camera is entirely serviceable, but when it screws up it's very noticeable.I honestly can't remember any of the music except for the battle music. That means it didn't stick out, which means it was neither offensively bad nor enjoyable. I actually did like the combat music at the start, but since combat takes so long and there's so much of it I tired of it a few hours in. The sound direction is also fine, although there were a few cutscenes in the game where the sound cut out entirely. It did fix itself once the scene switched, however.I would have liked some greater ability to customize Cairon's equipment. Early on you have a fair number of choices and you can mix and match them, but later on all you seem to get is equipment sets which cannot be broken up; you either have to wear the entire set or none of it. It's a little disappointing.  There are only two weapon types, bladed and blunt (axes are, for some reason, considered blunt weapons, which is as mystifying here was it was in Oblivion). There are also throwing weapons, but I hardly used those as there was little point using them over your ranged ice spell. There are some interesting weapon and armor designs. You can use weapon/armor enhancements to beef up your equipment, but so far as I can tell there's no way to remove them.I do have a bit of a problem with how often you're sent running back and forth and how often environments are reused. About a quarter of the way through the game you're given access to the Market and Kreutzer Alley; learn to love them because you'll be running back and forth between them for the next few hours. You start the game in Moloch Mountain, about halfway through the game you're sent there again (and you have to open all of the gates again; who closed them?), and then at the end of the game you're sent there AGAIN. And you have to open the gates AGAIN (although there is a reason for the gates being closed this time). The monastery, the last original area in the game, has two main sections and a courtyard between them; you're sent running back and forth collecting gems and I began to truly despise that courtyard because of how often I had to run between sections. That entire area felt rushed, actually.The last thing I want to mention are the bosses. They're major letdowns. Only one boss in the entire game killed me, and that's merely because he heals himself four times throughout the fight. This is largely a symptom of the general easiness in combat I mentioned earlier; you see the boss's attacks (of which they generally only have three or four, all heavily telegraphed), dodge them, and rack up your combo multiplier allowing you to heal directly as you deal damage. If you use Demonic Aura, increasing your attack and movement speed, it becomes even easier.At $40, I  just can't recommend the game. I bought it for a heavy discount during the summer sale, and I wasn't ENTIRELY dissatisfied with my purchase, but if I had spent $40 I surely would have been. If you're hard up for an action RPG, this isn't the worst choice...but it's definitely not the best, either."
,Recommended,215630,11931879,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,OhioMan,Pretty good so far.
76561197993297398,Not Recommended,215630,9435175,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Silvertop,"While the game has many aspects of RPG's that fans typically like the game overall feels mishandled and clunky. There are a host of similar RPG's with epic storylines, morality, etc that are superior to this one. Save yourself the money and look for a different game."
76561198095888555,Not Recommended,215630,10520519,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ex0dus_begins,DONT BUY THIS.1] Frusterating controles.2] Crap fixed camera angles.3] Extreamly limited character functionality [when interacting with map]4] Boring limited hack and slash play5] Save your money and buy Skyrim or something.
,Recommended,215630,11148387,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Aqua,"It's very clear that this game was following in the footsteps of giants, it's most definitely trying to be Dragon Age: Origins, however it is not. The combat is very clunky, the skill system is un-imaginatve and very VERY limited and the stats are not very well thought out. They opted to have 2 seperate stat trees one for combat and one for immersion/crafting, while I think it's nice there is almost 0 reason to even touch the combat stats(str,agi, etc...). The combat early on makes you want to put points in stats to take more hits, but once you unlock the skill tree of your choice there isn't a point, I had maxed out all of the talents like haggle (merchant prices) and perception (seeing traps and treasure) before I had more than a few points in some early combat stats. However with all that game isn't really all that bad, the story is interesting enough and many of the choices you make force you to think for a moment about what you are doing, which is refreshing.                                                      Truly the biggest issues I had with this game were clucky combat, limited skills, worthless stats and how every area was so isolated, it didn't need to be open world but the overall content of the game was smaller than most, oh and that every weapon upgrade came from vendors, only ever used one weapon I found that wasn't from a vendor, which kinda spoils the immersion factor since this is an RPG. But I'd still say this game is overall not bad, not great, but not bad. Worth it when it's on sale for $10 or so. Personally I'd like to see this developer try their hand at another RPG, but one that is longer and better thought out.Overall I'd give it a 6/10."
,Recommended,215630,12441003,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,dbyrd26,Aside from the whole incest thing it's a good action rpg kind of game7/10
76561198024404011,Not Recommended,215630,7931238,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Thoughtzilla,"Absolutley awful. Feels unfinished, combat is slow and clunky, itemization is poor and the level up system is extremely limited. No save system beyond ""checkpoints"" mean this is a point and click adventure game with very badly implimented combat - there are ""choices"", but it boils down to ""choose between A and B"" and the replay value (lol) is to go back through the game and pick the opposite choice.3/10, at best."
,Recommended,215630,20657303,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Logrus,"Demonicon is an interesting RPG and, before going into details about it, I would recommend it if on sales. However it has some serious flaws, particularly for a relatively recent RPG and one based on a rather rich tabletop system.The Pros:* great story and interesting characters as well as moral quandaries. The game design goes out of its way to make you think about every choice and decision. It doesn't hesitate to go into seriously unconfortable territory right from the start.* decent visuals, if not the most moder ones. The monsters are quite elaborate and NPC's look good, if not fantastic.* enemy AI (at least for bosses) is hard to beat on normal mode and you will reload. Often.* the character stats and development make sense and you need to make careful choices, especially at early stages.* As expected for the porting of such a venerable tabletop RPG, the background is rich and you get the feeling of being part of a much wider world, as it should.The Cons:* the UI is not great. Although you can remap keys, the game system forces you into using key combos which is a big no-no in my book. And of course completely unnecessary.* Invisible walls and ""fake doors"". This is a level design flaw but also a game flaw as the characters may not jump or crouch. Unacceptable for a modern RPG. It is completely immersion breaking and really a shame for a game with such an interesting world.* Terrible dialogue system. Like in Fallout4, it doesn't really matter what you say and in any case, you don't know what you'll say before your character blurts it out. Very annoying.* The combat system is interesting but suffers greatly from the above mentioned UI issue.All in all, it is still a nice little game. Not worth buying full price, but certainly a good sales buy. Also don't buy it if you don't like fixed point saves. Seriously. Not only the game has no other option to save it but some of this saves are extremely far apart so you'll have to replay entire levels or areas forever."
,Not Recommended,215630,7487795,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,DastardlyDeath,"bad coding. bad rendering, bad scripting, bad voice acting... dont buy it unless its on a 2 dollar sale..."
76561198009943923,Recommended,215630,24407324,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Funny Shoes,"Quite a nice game in a different fantasy settings, without elves and dwarves (almost) and such. As this is my first Dark Eye experience the world is sometimes difficult to follow, with all those gods. I liked the adult themes in the game.A good game for me is one that I want to play when I have some spare time. And I finished this, even read all the end credits.Some interesting variations with puzzles, not too difficult (I was able to solve them). So if you like an RPG in a different setting, I can recommend this game."
,Recommended,215630,7801257,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Irx,"The game tries hard to borrow from The Witcher series and Bioware rpgs, but fails at almost every aspect and mechanic aside from story, which is surprisingly fun. Being a storyfag myself I was ready to forgive the many shortcomings, but the ending managed to nullify whatever positive feelings I had for Demonicon: it is a 5  second long cg which doesn't depend on any of your previous choices and actions, forcibly railroaded, makes little sense (behold a deus ex machina 1 minute before the boss fight) and is simply annoying. So you get an insulting 5 second cg, credits and then main menu - no slides, no scenes, nothing. In comparison to this a Mass Effect 3 original ending can be considered a masterpiece.As for the game in general, the pros:- Story is entertaining, characters are ok and generally make sense.- The world of Dark Eye looks much more interesting and atmospheric than in the previous DE game Drakensang, where it felt as a boring generic fantasy.- All non-combat skills have uses, if only to get junk loot.- Choices have consequences, though mostly in dialogs and cosmetic map changes.- Comprehensive codex of the game world and plot.The cons:- No manual saving, can sometimes take up to 15 minutes to hit the next save trigger.- No key remapping (enjoy shift-4 for potion).- Combat is clunky and unbalanced, also animations are so long it almost feels like a phase based and not real time (reminded me of The Witcher 1 combat).- Side quests are few and are a joke, on the quality level of the infamous Dragon Age 2 ""deliver a random item you find to some dude"" quests.- Very limited exploration - nothing to find but some random junk loot (weapons, armor and talismans are only rewarded for plot quests or bought in shops), and a couple of combat hints codex entries, some of which require one of the skills to get like pick locks or perception.- Linear story progression and basically nothing to do beyond that.- Economy is broken, you get rich fast and there is little need for money.- Alchemy is generic and also useless since you find more potions than you generally need and even on harder difficulties it's easier just to buy them.- Graphics are outdated, customization is limited to armors which are few.Misq:- The only dialog choices here are to inquire some info (sometimes requires lore or fast talk checks) and major plot choices, yet the protagonist often speaks as if player is randomly alternating between calm and aggressive options. It can partially be attributed to certain plot specifics, but still feels weird. Otherwise the english voiceovers are generally on the ok scale.edit: nominated this gem for the ""Best Incest"" steam award. -)"
76561198006838807,Recommended,215630,33545806,Posted: 14 July,all,erikdietzeq,"I really liked this game. The graphics are good, the gameplay is fun and the story very captivating. I like the gloom and the feeling of inevitable damnation inspite of all good will."
,Recommended,215630,17524022,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,The Universal Void,"The game is not perfect and the ending feels rushed; but the gameplay, although simple, is enjoyable; yet it is the story that is its real saving grace. It's fairly unique, as far as games go; unafraid to take risks that most games would shy away from. If you have the taste for the dark and mature, and if you're immature enough to appreciate a good sense of humor, there's a good chance that you will enjoy this game. Just don't go into it expecting perfection. It feels more like a budget title. A B title, if you will. A damned good one; but still."
,Recommended,215630,15150506,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Aiiiiieeeeee,"Sure it's a little rough around the edges and a lot of people are up in arms about the initial story line, but once you get a little bit in Demonicon turns out to be a pretty fun game. There aren't nearly enough games using The Dark Eye rules and even ones that bend them a bit like Demonicon are still a delight."
,Recommended,215630,13746475,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,kyrrn,Captivating and nonstop story with great replay value. I think it should have been a big hit when it came out. I play this over all other games in my library and Dragon Age Inquisition!
76561198043801966,Recommended,215630,13832336,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Raging_Moose,very good game must play
76561197992159417,Recommended,215630,14181777,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Apocalypse 1911,"Good but not great RPG, very linear.6/10"
,Recommended,215630,9437042,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,pierre,"Not a big game, but a really good game!That means ... you start to play, and you like it. It is not the most beautifull game, but it is a simple and good game :)"
