user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,215690,8026520,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Napoleon Blownapart,"If at any time in your life, you felt the urge to go down to the set of a Muppets movie, or Sesame Street, and go full on Mike Tyson and jab uppercut the living BALLS out of a bunch of weird, furry creatures, Zeno Clash 2 is the game for you."
,Recommended,215690,7576898,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Pirateguybrush,"This is a really surreal first person brawler.  The combat is satisfying, but can grind a bit after a while - but what you're really coming to a game like this for is the bizarre setting and characters.  You could play it without the first game and not miss much as the story is so bizarre anyway, but it's worth playing both.  It's not a must play, but this is a really unusual world, the likes of which you won't find elsewhere."
,Recommended,215690,13037743,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Nlelith,"Zeno Clash 2 is way too underrated... It's so much better than the original game, yet almost the same... feels like developers made a game that first Zeno Clash was meant to be.Best attribute of this game: it's entertaining! That's a win for me. Most modern AAA games are not as entertaining as this game.Zeno Clash 2 features:+Interesting world / story.+Gameplay / combat is challenging and well balanced.+Game visuals / characters / levels are gorgeous (Seriously, I took 100+ screenshots while playing it).+Immersive, beautiful soundtrack.+I really like voice acting in this game.+Skill points granted for exploring and not for killing stuff.+You don't have to take part in every random encounter / fight your way through a level you've already visited... or you can, if you really like to punch faces :DAll this makes you want to come back to the world of Zenozoik and explore it. Of course, some things could be done better:-Most cutscenes are a bit lifeless (despite good voice acting).-The biggest and potentially most difficult encounter during the story can be easily avoided by running to the level transition.So yeah, I highly recommend this game, it's really charming and brings out unique experience!"
,Recommended,215690,7496449,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,david,"A very good indie game and a superb follow-up to a growing mania in the fps world : Zeno Clash. Like the first opus all the fighting is mainly about fisticuff and peculiar blunt weapons which makes for some intriguing at first but generally very satisfying gaming experience. As you might expect the story unfolds and takes on where the first opus left it back in the days. Some questions remained unanswered in the past and Gatt will need to put his own personal straight up hammer-diplomacy to use once again to bring justice to his fellow Zenozoid brethren and save them from the evil designs of the makers. Original, fun and quite well produced, this game is a milestone in the history of video game. Awesome in so many ways."
,Recommended,215690,7946099,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Birdd,"Very fun game, similar to the first in its strange ways. I enjoyed the co-op and achievement hunting very much.The story made quite a bit more sense in this game than the first one )or, at least, was easier to keep up with)Still very heavily melee based, though when you do get to use weapons they are very fun and unique to use.Not a very long game, I enjoyed it full-through."
,Recommended,215690,11168098,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,lordscottish,"I was fascinated by the dreamy and surreal atmosphere of the game. You don't realize how utterly conventional most game worlds are until you've played Zeno Clash 1 and 2. The gameplay is solid, the fights are a lot of fun, but the star of the show is clearly the alien world with its inhabitants. I recommend this game to anyone who's grown tired of the same old 3D shooters over the years."
,Not Recommended,215690,8429214,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Captain Ghost,"What went wrong? I'm not sure. But it did. While both share the same art style, the brawling in one is punchy, quick, fun, and intense. 2 it's awkward and odd, with the controls sticky and unresponsive. I like the idea of there being more styles and methods of fighting, but the fact they changed around some controls were rather unedded and the double hand attacks are... ehhhh. There's no point in adding left-right attacks when they are functionally the same and blocking isn't side dependent. You might get this for the story, which has... some questionable voice actors, but otherwise is decently done, I just wish it had gameplay as good as the original.I mean seriously, HOW DID THEY SCREW THAT PART UP? that should have been the easy part!"
,Recommended,215690,33160822,Posted: 2 July,all,necKro23,"I'll admit it, I'm a bit of an ACE Team fanboy.  The original Zeno Clash was a confection of such concentrated Boschian strangeness that it stuck with you for awhile.The followup is trippy as hell, like you'd expect, but the attempt at an open world falls pretty flat -- you often find yourself running across wide-open areas instead of, you know, punching the hell out of dudes wearing bird masks and shooting people with bone guns.  And the more Zenozoik is explained, the less weird it feels, which is to the game's detriment.Zeno Clash 1 was significantly more focused and polished.  This one feels a bit aimless.  Still recommended for the anarchic punchy surreal ACE Team weirdness of it all -- but get the original game instead if you're new to the series.(Besides, one of the bosses is apparently a golem being piloted by a small bird inside its skull.)"
,Recommended,215690,17818485,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Released 4 years after its predecessor, Zeno Clash 2 takes place where the first game left off. FatherMother is now imprisoned and Ghat - teamed up with Rimat this time - is planning to set him free. All this is because of Golem, the mysterious creature our heroes were helped by who - to have the favour returned - decided to rule our heroes' village and establish some not exactly just laws.The core elements remain the same: Zeno Clash is still a brawling game. But now with more fluid combat which also means it is easier this time. We feel more in control of our body and the rage meter that gradually fills helps us deliver bigger punches. Alternatively, we can initiate a fury status which allows Ghat to unleash stronger punches faster. Melee weapons and guns return and here we have some new additions.We now have a chain which allows us to have a greater reach. Also, we have some creative weapons such as the gauntlet that is for opening gates - either the moon or the sun light can help us here. The other gauntlet allows us to link two enemies - by hitting one of them the other suffers the same damage. This is a good idea in case we have run out of skull grenades and we are facing a horde of enemies.Overall, the more fluid fighting technique with the new combos gives us a better - and more enjoyable - brawler experience. Facing big guys is not as tedious this time as it used to be. We have more tactics up in our sleeves and the extra weapons such as the somewhat overpowered chain really allow us to have a good time.Graphics-wise the game looks better than ever. I especially liked the golem creatures' animation and some of the vistas are gorgeous. Some of the cutscenes deliberately employ the light of the setting sun and walking along the coastline and looking at the constantly changing tides can be invigorating. The music is great and accompanies the transpiring events the same way it did 4 years ago.The story? Still barely makes any sense. But now we can venture into the world of golem creatures and can get a few glimpses at their unique technology. More steampunk weirdness if you missed it. Did I also tell you we now have a creature with teeth in their beak? Zeno Clash 2 throws all the weird citizens of Zenozoik at us.The campaign, interestingly, is not as linear as it used to be. We have waypoints that can take us to the desired place we need to be. Markers indicate in which direction we should go and as we now have side missions to complete we can just prioritise in the way we desire. We can also look for some collectibles - totems are especially important as they can level us up. This is a minor RPG element in the game I found unnecessary but ultimately interesting.The challenge mode returns where round after round we can just beat up all our favourite Zenozoik friends and every penny we receive after every round counts: Do you purchase a weapon or unlock the chain? Or simply buy 4 allies who can help you survive the next round. By the way, allies: by talking to some of the citizens we are able to recruit some Zenos ourselves in the campaign - this is best if we cannot find a buddy for cooperative gameplay.Zeno Clash 2 is great! Its large-scale fist-fights are greater and they surely involve even weirder participants. Grab it while on sale and go get into some fist-fights right away!"
76561198022750252,Recommended,215690,9149583,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,God Emperor Trump,"i love this game and the universe it creates. the story is pretty good,gameplay is awesome,but the main reason why i love zenoclash 1 and 2 is the atmosphere it creates and the creativity that is put into it.i believe more games should strive to be more like this game,creative and bringing new ideas to the table."
,Recommended,215690,4119231,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Warrior,Zeno Clash II is a fine beat ‘em up with a unique graphic style.
,Recommended,215690,23320526,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Hikumi,"The reason why Zeno Clash 2 wasn't tagged as a FPS is because you only ""shoot"" 10% of the time, while the other 90% is spent in melee combat. And while first person melee combat is a thing nowadays, most of them see players in sword fights or other similar melee weapons combat. Zeno Clash 2, however, focuses more on martial prowess, with emphasis on punches and kicks strung together into stylish combos, all seen from a first-person perspective. Playing Zeno Clash 2 is like watching one of those kung-fu action movies where the viewers get some interactive scenes to determine the plot advancement.In some ways that is a great concept and a fresh introduction in the gaming industry, but it could be a bad thing. Despite the available number of moves and combos the players get in the game, unless you actually memorize each and every one of them you'll find that you'd end up repetitively spamming the same attacks anyway.Overall it is a good game, maybe not the best game in the market, but good enough if you need to kill time. Or, in this case, punch and kick some time.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,215690,811557,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Zeno Clash 2 successfully improves on all of the shortcomings of the first one. And let me tell you; I had a blast playing the first one and I had even more fun playing the second one, even if it had a slightly higher learning curve in the beginning. Let me sum it up:First; the graphics have been improved. It now runs on UE3 and it shows. It's sharp, runs at 60fps and looks gorgeous. The environments and characters are simply amazing. What a great world ! ACE Team sure knows how to build an intriguing, weird world.Second; the world is now bigger (unfortunately still a bit too linear) and has sidequests.Third; Ghat (main character) has more moves, including the awesome looking and easily executed piledriver.Fourth; you can now bring allies into some of  the bigger battles. It also introduces co-op, so you can run around and fight bad guys with a buddy.Tell me that that doesn't sound cool, right ? Hell yes !At the same time it also has some flaws, thanks to these new additions. Let me sum those up:The world is bigger, yes, but it's still divided into hubs. So instead of using one big world, it's split up which throws you a bit out of the experience every time you have to travel. These portals also look a bit out of place.Since battles contain multiple enemies it's hard to use some of your newer moves. And while your allies are somewhat helpful, they can also get in the way when you're fighting (inconvenient when friendly fire is on). The game also locks onto enemies automatically, so you'll have to switch around a lot. My advice is to disable this in the options menu so you can move around freely and lock when you feel you like it.And like always, whenever a game is awesome, we don't want the experience to end too soon. Zeno Clash 2 isn't short, it's about 8-9 hours long (including all sidequests), but still on the short side for an 'open world' game.I had a great time playing it, and I truly hope ACE Team will earn enough money to give us a third game of this wonderfully realized world. We'll know in a few more years.In the meantime; buy this and show them your support.[Rating: 87/100]"
,Recommended,215690,11879162,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,RockstarCRO,"There's a lot of confliction when I first looked at the Zeno Clash series. I didn't know whether to buy one or two. If this is your case and you don't own both games and you do end up buying one copy... buy the first if you can. If you liked the first, you'll definitely like and buy the second. The story line gets exponentially better and relates to the previous story.The second Zeno Clash takes place with a continued story line from the last. Ghat is now able to roam freely unlike the first which guided the player and jumped place to place. If you've played the first, those places that you went to, you are able to visit freely again. New enemies are created that suit their terrain wherever you go along the world. I like how the first literally did not need any free-roaming, it was nice to have something different in the second one (as you were able to continuously run).The game-play has changed I would say about 50% from normal. You can now call up allies when you fight, which sort of takes away being smothered by opponents. The first one really felt like you hit your opponent, that same effect is still there but not to that satisfaction of that from the first (that pttchhhhh sound when hitting someone good and that dynamic camera movement). What I did like though (probably the best upgrade), is when you were being attacked from behind, you were warned and were able to press both mouse buttons to counter the opponent hitting your back. This is huge as Zeno Clash you'll find yourself sometimes surrounded by many enemies. I would definitely like to see more of this type of feature (hopefully with one button control or kick control) if a new Zeno Clash comes out.The fighting scheme is somewhat the same and both hands now are able to power punch. Weapons are as far out as they were before and 3 new weapons are added to your ""special"" arsenal. One is a chain which comes very handy and is fun to use, the other two are two special Golem weapons which I won't spoil. The fighting is a bit more decorated in the second, and I feel more freedom was given. The grab function has also slightly switched.I would recommend this game if you are a real Zeno Clash fan or just really liked the first. Unless your the guy who likes newer games instead of older version of games then grab number 2.RATING : 7.8/8GameplayB+Story / CampaignB+Visuals / User InterfaceBSounds / MusicBReplay-abilityB-OverallBWould give it an 8 if the game was slightly more different than the first. I would also like to ask kindly that the creators the Zeno world make sure a Zeno Clash 3 comes out :)!For future Zeno Clash games I would recommend multiplayer, and maybe even dare to try to incorporate local co-op. To add to the fighting, perhaps add kicks or even allow for players to hold down the mouse button, then use the mouse to swing to determine the type of swing. Don't make it to the point where people start snapping their mouse cord, but something decently close enough.ScreenShots :Dumbo has certainly changed over the yearsThe way they chose to portray the game is simply excellentI don't think I've ever played a game with so much diversityFew perks included in challenge modeVideo :Zeno Clash 2 Highlights Review"
76561198009848972,Recommended,215690,17877071,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DN Sterling,"A solid follow up, Zeno Clash 2 does a good job taking what made Zeno Clash a worthwhile game.  Some of the mysteries and questions from the first game are answered, but plenty more are left to make the player wonder.  Old characters return, and new characters come in to change the status quo.  If you enjoyed the first game at all, then you should pick this one up!- More of the bizzare and surreal character and world design that we loved from the first game.- The melee combat has been improved and refined, now with combo attacks and changes to all the weapons.- An open world to explore, with some areas being unlockable by completing the campaign, but you can go back and visit any area a second time.- Some RPG elements in the form of level up your characters stats.- Co-Op!  You play with an NPC fighter on your own, or you can team up with a friend and play alongside them.The flaws of the first game are still present, including some of the voice acting and dialogue.  But the gameplay and game design more than make up for any lackluster game elements."
,Recommended,215690,34621125,Posted: 30 August,all,⎛⎝XΣRXΣS⎠⎞,"Although Zeno Clash isn't a franchise about stoic philosophers from Citium shattering eachother's marble faces, Zeno Clash 2 is a unique blend of first person melee combat and free roam exploration set in a bizarre world with a beyond zany artstyle."
,Recommended,215690,18766519,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"If you're here because you played the first one - you might as well keep on going.   The only downside this game has compared to the first one is that the story is coherent.   Yes, you heard me right.  This one is coherent and I feel that actually takes something away from the experience."
,Recommended,215690,28501946,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Bigger and better version of Zeno Clash 1. Still as weird and wild as its predecessor, but with an expanded combat system that solves the problems of the previous game, and introduces new quirks and aspects like secondary weapons. These are used both in combat and in puzzle solving to break up the action sections. Weapons have limited ammo now, so while gunplay and weaponplay is still there, the focus is more on the improved hand to hand combat, which lets you individually control left and right arms with left and right mouse clicks to do basic combos and setups.The ""open world"" aspect of the game, truthfully, doesn't do a whole lot for it, except that it's cool to run around more of Zenozoik, and see some of the larger setpieces used in a connecting, cohesive fashion. Some of the ending level setpieces are really, really well done and very cool. Fast travel abounds, though, so you never feel like you're backtracking too-too much, and most all sidequest can be turned in a bundle at a time, so there's no need for constant back and forth.The story neatly answers a lot of hanging questions from 1 and wraps its own story up pretty well too. If I had a complaint, it's that the ""Ally"" system just doesn't feel as nice as constantly wandering around with Deadra from 1. Only seeing your allies in certain fights, and never seeing your secondary allies in cutscenes or anything, makes the game feel a bit empty sometimes. The story's nothing super-incredibly amazin,g but feels like it fits the world just fine, and is worth experiencing and looking for all of the hidden bits to get the full picture.Never tried the co-op, so I can't comment there.Great, fun game, definitely recommend."
,Recommended,215690,20358431,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,That Bearded Guy,"The first Zeno Clash was a linear beat'em-up set in first person against creatures that looked like a junkie's nightmares. Zeno Clash 2 is a slightly more open beat'em-up set in first person against creatures that look like a junkie's nightmares. Yes, the same hodge-podge group of ecclectic animal parts have spent a good deal of time figuring out new ways to re-esemble things that look vaguely human but not quite enough to off-set that uneasy feeling. Of course, the fact that you get to cave-in nearly every punch-able face you see helps.The combat is the biggest part of the game. Happily, it not only works fantastically by itself, it actually fits into and around the story. It doesn't bog down the story ACE Team is trying to present, and the story fits in with the fighting so that you don't feel held back by cutscenes or dialogue keeping your from punching more dudes. The punches and weapons have impact as well, sending oponents reeling, dropping their weapons, or even sending them flying. Unfortunately, that goes the same for you: when the enemy hits you, you feel it.I love this game. I've never been a big fan of beat'em-ups but somehow this game really gets me excited. The characters are vivid in more than just their off-putting looks and the story is fascinating. The environments have made a huge change for the better, becoming more open and vibrant. However, don't let the openness fool you. This game is still very linear; not quite as linear as the first one, but it is very far from open world. However, you are free to explore the various locales as many times as you want.The story is one of this game's strong points. ACE Team's writers crafted a world that really feels alive and sets itself apart from similar RPG titles. It works hard to connect every thread from the first game into this one and expands beyond its predecessor in the way a sequel should. The story is far from perfect, of course. A few points could easily have been skipped and nothing would have been lost. However, those points are interesting in their own way and add to the life of this world even if they add nothing to the main plot.Zeno Clash 2 is worth every penny. It provides a great story both as a standalone and as a continuation of the Zeno Clash world, and the combat is superb, fitting in perfectly with the story and shining as a testament to first person beat'em-ups. It isn't terribly hard, but it won't be a walk in the park either."
,Recommended,215690,21563306,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,sere,"Throw 30,000 punches and execute over 6,000 sick melee combos during a single playthrough of this beautifully offset first person brawler!Oh yeah, I guess there's some art and a bit of neat stuff to look at too."
76561198041746894,Recommended,215690,22166026,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ktulhu_nir,"A very underrated game which you should buy right after you finish the first one. Amazingly majestic and beautiful world, interesting story and responsive fighting mechanics will not leave you unsatisfied. Play it."
,Recommended,215690,12579736,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,trn,"Fancy walking around some nightmarish 1970s sci-fi artwork thumping creatures in the face (sometimes kicking them when they are down)? I'm not sure I did, but I had a lot of fun.Zeno Clash is niche. It is also obtuse and unfriendly to newcomers. There are no tutorials (apart from a couple of screen prompts in your first fight); there's no journal, no quest log, no helpful NPCs offering guidance on what to do or where to go. There are entire sub-plots you could miss by not going into the right house in the opening city (which gives no indication it is a hub area). This really is a game in which you are dumped in a world, given the lightest of prods in the direction of a story - and then get left on your own. Persevere and you might end up loving it.I loved it. The game is pretty short (6 hours or so), the controls are clunky (there's one fight which requires a special ability that will have you gnashing your teeth), but the combat is satisfying, the game is beautiful and it is unlike anything I've ever played (though I might now have to check out Zeno Clash 1).If you are fed up of being spoon fed AAA baby food, this comes highly recommended."
76561198012609890,Recommended,215690,28654686,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Your cute waifu,"Really fun game. Like Zeno Clash 1 the world is interesting, It's fun beating up people, it's fun exploring the world, the story is interesting. this is what i call a game. would recommend playing.I should also mention that it ran without issues like zeno clash 1 had."
,Recommended,215690,34880403,Posted: 11 September,all,Spicyflower,A delight from start to finish!The melee combat gameplay could use a little more polish but there is nothing quite like beating the crap out of a bizarre creature in Steampunk land.If you are looking for an unique single player game this one is perfect. Be sure to play the first game though as this is a direct sequel.
,Recommended,215690,3541096,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,makaspaka,"Amazing game. First person melee combat. Awesome, surreal world with interesting and bizarre creatures and characters. 10/10"
76561197974389770,Recommended,215690,12520104,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,da moose,"A truly fantastic game, the first person brawling is well implemented and unique.  The environments and character design are truly breathtaking.  The story is deep and heartfelt.  This game represents the potential of games as an art form and it is made even more incredible by the fact that it was created by such a tiny team.  I cannot praise this game highly enough it is a work of art that is the pinnacle of it's form."
,Recommended,215690,17002109,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"Zeno Clash 2 takes place just after the first game & continues to build upon the foundation the previous game set by adding new moves, weapons, characters & more interesting story.  Also, there's Co-Op which is fun.You could probably consider this as a First Person Brawler with Metroid/RPG like additions.  You level up your character, increase your stats, find upgrades & solve various puzzles in the environment.  It's also open world now, unlike its predecessor which is an overall improvement.  You can interact with people in towns & pick random fights if you wish.  Enemies also spawn outside of towns so you can always find something to thrash.  There are side quests as well which add to the more open world RPG like experience.  The main campaign is roughly around 5 or 6 hours so I won't spoil the story for you but it does have a better story than the previous game.  The problem though is that the game sets up something in the story & then never follows up with it.  Possibly because they are going to put it in the third installment if they plan on making one.Overall the game is fun & is an overall improvement over it's predecessor.  The character designs range from hilarious to down right creepy.  The paths in the open world are mostly linear with small hidden groves throughout as well as some optional puzzles with extra goodies.  There's also one area that's entirely optional & gives you a decent reward so it's worth doing.  I played it with a friend in Co-Op & had a good time so consider trying it with someone else as well.  If you can't find anyone to join you it's still a good single player experience."
76561197984800330,Recommended,215690,11950570,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,lickmybootie,"This game is weird. Let's start off by saying the potential of this game from an artistic standpoint is incredibly exspansive as is the story, there really is nothing out there like this and if there is I haven't seen it. I played this with a friend through co-op a day after it was released. There were a few bugs but nothing that ruined our experience. The important thing is we had ALOT of fun playing this.However this games ambition seems to have swallowed all the potential content. It tries to be a big open world adventure but it still has the small studio budget logic and unfortunately it shows especially in the big open areas, there are just vast areas of quite frankly, nothing and  It's dissapointing that this studio can't get a bigger budget because these guys are really the only ones brave enough to go that extra mile with the weird and wonderful. Something that very few game studios do nowadays.The combat was in my opinion better in the first game, if they put as much effort into putting originality into their characters and strange locations as they did their combat mechanics they would be on to a winner.For a unique and different experience I'd recommend this game but I highly recommend you bring a friend along, Zeno clash 2's odditties are unique and special but it's sure lonely in the world of Zeno.  I also recommend you play the first Zeno Clash because the story does follow on to Zeno Clash 2.7/10"
76561197970739339,Recommended,215690,29944469,Posted: 15 February,all,Captain Chaos,"Among the strangest games I've played, you can call Zeno Clash 2 an FPS but that really doesn't describe the experience. It's predecessor was ""that other"" Source Engine game, the one no one talks about, like E.Y.E.: Divine Cybermancy in a way. It tells the story of two adopted siblings, Ghat and Rimat, in a truly bizarre, primitive, Stonepunk world that, visually, reminded me of everything from The Neverhood to Sam & Max to Sacrifice, and probably a dozen other oddities. Maybe a bit of Oddworld, I'm not sure, as i've not played those games. There is not much I can describe about the plot and setting without spoiling either this game or its predecessor. The first one has a demo, you should go check that out, at least. Suffice it to say, the siblings are on a journey that will reveal startling things about their world.Mechanically, the game is easier to explain. Combat is largely melee, good old fisticuffs. You can punch left or right, mixing them up for combos, holding down the buttons for charged attacks and using them both for specials, depleting a rage meter beneath your health. There's a lock-on function, but I found it easier to fight without it, actually. You can sprint, tackle, and kick enemies while they're down, and you can find a number of special tools to assist you, beginning with explosive skulls that you can throw like a timed grenade. The combat reminds me of nothing if not Condemed: Criminal Origins, complete with occasional melee weapons you can find in the form of hammers that do a lot more damage then mere punches. There ARE guns, but they are limited to what ammo is in them when you pick them up.  Conversely they allow you to all but skip some enemies thanks to their high damage and accuracy.I recieved this game as a birthday gift from a friend insisted it was worth playing, and now I have to agree. Unlike the first game, this entry also has two-player coop, making most fights signifcantly easier then they would be otherwise. The game features a a chapter-based system where you can resume play from any previously completed point in the story, as well as collectibles and secrets to find, and a ""localized"" difficulty system wherin what difficulty a player chooses affects only their damage dealt and taken, irrespective of the other player. There are also some bonus modes."
,Recommended,215690,33921519,Posted: 30 July,all,Λndroid994,"Criminally underrated. Combat system is much deeper than first game, and overall every aspect of ZC2 is a step up from its predecessor."
,Recommended,215690,17692236,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Shiny Magikarp,A surprisingly good game with a great combat system. Most of the combat you do will be melee combat and it's done very well. The graphics are pretty nice for a cheaper game as well. The story is very strange.. but that's not a bad thing.
,Recommended,215690,12968429,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,catcherinthesty,"A worthy sequel to the first game. Combat has been revamped, but is still familiar enough to make sense to players of the previous game. The aesthetic of the game remains strange, beautiful and unique, although I don't know that I favor the open-world feel of this game to the linear feel of the first (which seemed to work better for the subject matter). The ending, although satisfying, has left me hoping that the series becomes a trilogy."
,Recommended,215690,29077305,Posted: 6 January,all,Rustergroovie,"Recommended to fans of the original only, with caution.It will become pretty obvious that the open-world mechanic did this series no favors, and is probably the reason we won't see a third game.Pick it up on sale."
76561197983545926,Not Recommended,215690,21613964,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,FudoAkira,"The first game was great in a weird way, but also had some solid gameplay behind it. The characters were all unique in a way that made sense with the world.Zeno Clash II really just ruins about all the elements the first had going for it. My only guess is it was the plague of 'Let's make an open world game for no reason!"" Seriously, this new take on the game adds NOTHING except tedium and boredom. A couple of the power-ups you get early on are cool, but some of the puzzles are vague other than linking enemies and a few hidden orbs together to open gates. If the game wanted me to use it in a new puzzle, it would have to teach me or otherwise make something a little less obscure. Somehow, I also think the game looks worse considering the original ran on the Source engine and was a pretty tight experience; compared to Unreal engine, where the models are ugly and hit detection can be poor.Overall, I played this game - dropped it due to motion sickness and then recently re-insatlled with Flawless Widescreen and FOV maxed, mouse speed slowed, and auto-target off. I got much farther, but this game is just too boring compared to the original to keep caring. I'll maybe watch some YouTube vids to see how the story pans out."
,Not Recommended,215690,21843653,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"I'm not sure why I bought this game, as I was not overly fond of the first Zeno Clash. It was wacky to a fault and the gameplay was monotonous. But the creativity behind it maybe left enough of an impression that I splurged on a sale for the sequel.Regardless of the money, I don't feel playing through this game was time well spent. The world is bigger. It's less linear. There's more exploration and more characters. But those weren't problems that needed to be addressed or improved from the first game. It's like the developers focused on all the wrong things instead of working on any of the actual issues. The gameplay is still boring and limited and frustrating. The characters and the writing don't have any emotion in them, to say nothing of the flat, dull voice acting.What did make me happy was the lore and history of the universe getting fleshed out. That was the best part by far. Inevitably, it was drowned out by the other elements, and we're left with a story not worth telling. The events of these games don't actually seem to affect any real change for either the characters or the world they reside in.I have to give some props to the art direction. There are some beautiful moments of pure imagination. I'd probably buy some of these landscapes and levels as artwork. The problem is they're more fun to look at than to play through."
,Recommended,215690,12519197,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,RoX,There are motherfathers in this game but where are the fathermothers?
,Not Recommended,215690,7912881,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,MaxOfS2D,"This is such a disappointment. This forgets everything that was the strength of the first game, and replaces it with something that can be summed up in ""tried to bit off more than we could chew"".There's nothing appealing about the pseudo open-world nature of Zeno Clash 2. From the weird lighting, the performance problems, the balance and difficulty issues, the non-intuitive / over-complicated / unreliable system... a lot of things in ZC2 just don't work out.Please forget that this game ever came out and stick to the first one, which is a lot, lot, lot better."
,Not Recommended,215690,15227164,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jeb bush can't use zippers,"The first zeno clash was relatively well done. The story was a bit strange and a little stupid, the ""surrealism"" could account for that. But what it lacked in story it made up for in gameplay. The controls were decent and easy to understand and while not perfect they were fun.So going off of this, you'd figure Zeno clash 2 would be fun aswell. No. It's not. It's really not. The game mechanics are much more complicated and just broken, no fluidity and no fun. The story and character interaction is stupid. The enviornment is cool looking, but everything else is just unenjoyable. The story may be ""surreal"" but it's a poorly done surreal story in that it fails to be interesting enough for me to try and understand it.2/10 Dali's"
,Recommended,215690,2733756,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Gothic Man,"One of the best games I've played in years! The game play is delicious and unique, the art is so weird and crazy it will blow your mind, and the epic story will blow whatever remains of you're mind. Oh, not to mention the amazing soundtrack! 9/10"
76561198007432032,Recommended,215690,11910592,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Sam,"People will spend a lot of time citing how bizarre Zeno Clash is, rightly so but it also overshadows the fact that this game is also a great brawler, with interesting characters and story to match the strange setting. Visually it's indeed a splendour, wierd and wonderful with all kinds of cool details to the world and it's inhabitants. Despite it being such an odd place you get really immersed in it thanks to the physiciality of the combat and your interactions. Even the games guns are clunky constructions made of bone and wood. In all, everything has weight. There are also a host of welcome improvements over the first installment. We get to spend less time with the Corwids of the original but in exchange we visit so much more of the land, get more challenges and tools at our disposal. Keeping this fighting game interesting, mechanically for it's dozen hours is quite the feat. Side quests often reward you with valuable items and weapons. Totems too encourage you to explore, to level up and make the game a bit easier given how tough the combat can be.It's a little clunky though and overall the game lacks the polish of AAA titles. Voice acting ranges from good or solid to the outright bland but it never got distracting. It also strains at the seams to hold the games scale in place. But for the breadth and depth of it's ideas, as well as the colourful execution, it's absolutely a must play for those seeking something different."
,Recommended,215690,578490,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,brian,yes is very good
76561198076712683,Recommended,215690,29082816,Posted: 7 January,all,majorface101,Got the first one and beat it and I needed to know what happend. Finally got the second one and now I know what happened so now I'm satisfied
,Recommended,215690,3876460,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Halflight,"Zeno Clash II is very similar to the original game: the main premise is that you are a caveman of some sort making your way through a deranged low fantasy world with your fists alone.The second game basically improves every aspect of the first game: if you liked Zeno Clash's original art style, you will find it on a larger scale; if you liked to smash people with your savage attacks, now you have more moves to pull off.Changing the game from a linear title to an open sandbox is the most discussed feature of Zeno Clash II. Will it gives you a better rendition of the game's world, your adventure is still pretty linear, requiring you to simply go to place A to place B, then off to place C. Furthermore, the side quests are somehow scarce: the recruitment missions last for a short time, and so do the only two collectable tasks.However, if you loved Zeno Clash art style and somehow charming story and characters, you won't disappointed in the sequels. On a bonus note, I always welcome the introduction of proper boss battles, which are another great change from the first Zeno Clash"
,Recommended,215690,10380582,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,sanguinehearts,Alien Punch-Out II: The Punchening
,Recommended,215690,69913,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,CarlCX,This game's existence is good for gaming as a whole. It is an achievement that it exists and is as good as it is. I cannot wait to see the next game.
,Recommended,215690,14399207,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Medicine Peddler,"I decided to expand on my previous review a bit.Zeno Clash 2 is a first person brawler set in the fantastical world of Anarchy, Zenozoik. A society perpetually stuck in a sort of stone age, it will be unlike any other world you will explore in video games, and I really mean that. Wandering through this bizzare-but--extremely-well-thought-out landscape, grappling with it's equally bizzare inhabitants, is an experience I can't quite recommend enough. Between bar brawls in the seedy Halstedom, clashes with wildlife in the stunningly beautiful Rath-Bird fields, to defending yourself from the aggressive shrimp men tribe of the desert, the landscapes and enemies are extremely varied. The story is also very very good, but you have to dig a little to get the full experience (think Dark Souls), much is inferred by the environment.The music is fantastic, though sadly the voice acting is a bit eh.This game gets a bad rap for not being as focused as the first installment, and while it's true its not as compact, I'd say the best problem a game can have is that it's developers dreamed too big.Zeno Clash 2 is one of those games I keep thinking about, again and again and again, at least once a week, even a year and half after I first played it. I can't get it out of my head, and thats a wonderful feeling.9/10"
76561198091747337,Recommended,215690,29075540,Posted: 6 January,all,Magic Miller,"Well, first things first the story is all ovet the place, when I thought it was going somewhere it swerved off into mental land.  The gameplay can be a bit static from time to time too, but despite that I found it quite fun.  Story and gameplay aside, the really great thing about this game is the gorgeous, psychedelic and imaginative places (and its occupants) it takes you and for me it made it worth while."
,Recommended,215690,24589486,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Radico Drynn,"Its really good. A beat'em up in first person its really cool, then we got this weird reality were everything looks likea surrealist painting. You got beautiful views and violence, and if you are tired of fists, you get weaponts to tip the scale in your favor. The gameplay is good and the story is interesting with a good continuity with the first game. And the detail of showing you places of the first game, but in an sandbox mode with more secrets and changed cuz time passed is one of my favorite things in this game."
,Recommended,215690,16576396,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jimbles,It makes me wonder what this team could do if they had a tripple A budget and more manpower to work with.
,Recommended,215690,17481128,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Цəהה¥,"An art style like no otherRuthless hand to hand combat with a few very original weapons thrown in to spice things upInteresting storyline questioning humanity, society and rulers, making you thinkTough to master combo attacks which are very rewarding to execute2 player co op, me and my girlfriend had hours and hours of fun with this oneCouple of minor sync issues in co op, nothing to be concerned about (not in single player)A slight feeling of repetition in some areas of the game but the different atmospheres help to break it upNot for everyone but for those who do like it you wont forget it"
,Recommended,215690,9051597,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,M. Doucet,"I was put off at first by this game simply not being Zeno Clash 1, which used a different game engine, more linear environments, and what felt like an entirely separate combat system. I don't personally like the Unreal engine, and feel that there are arguably few games that it works well for. The entire time I played it I could feel the anguish of the designers when something couldn't be realized exactly as they had imagined it, but what they truly gained from the switch was too great to ignore and I imagine was quite a point of conflict for the ACE team because really, for the game they were trying to make, theyneededUnreal.It took me a long time before I could appreciate the sheer brilliance of the game as a whole. Gating through upgrade acquisition, skill-ups through exploration, and an insane amount of little details throughout to help the world feel alive. Not necessarily anything new on its face, but the deeper you get into night the clearer things become. The more I played, the more I appreciated the lessons the team took to heart from their first game. Literally every part of the game bleeds thoughtfulness when scrutinized.This game felt like it was made formeand I am notoriously difficult to please. I'm not dumbly impressed by beautiful vistas or flashy combat, but by the subtleties of fine details and overall execution. I'm not running from one exit to another, I'm standing in a field and observing how each individual part makes up the whole. I'm watching that bird, tethered to the exit, and thinking about how in this world that's how the inhabitants mark their boundaries.From the other side of the game, I can see that Zeno Clash 1 is a cave painting compared to the masterstroke of its sequel. One is not necessarily better than the other, so much as they each merely exist in entirely different contexts. Zeno Clash 2's story both surprises and delights, which was admittedly an unexpected and welcomed extra when all I really set out to do was live in that uniquely backward-but-forward world for awhile. 8/10."
,Recommended,215690,8498290,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,SalmonGod,"Brilliant.  Innovative on every front.  Exploding with character.  One of the best pieces of storytelling I've ever seen, in any format.  Very intelligent and philosophical writing.  Sadly, I think many won't be able to appreciate this.  But if you can appreciate art that cares more about expression than idealistic beauty, and enjoy a thought-provoking story that's well-married to the artwork, then I can't recommend this enough."
,Recommended,215690,9768891,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Jenocyber,Zeno Clash 2 is a fun sequel and anyone who enjoyed playing the first game should give this one a play.+ Great art & visual style+ Interesting story+ Unique fantasy world+ Impressive locations+ Unique characters & designs+ Great soundtrack+ Day-night cycle- Combat can be a little buggy- Audio conversations can be very quite sometimes- Gameplay bugs7/10
76561198045726726,Recommended,215690,28282631,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mr. Playful,"I played this game alone... it broke my mind.Bought a second copy, gave it to a friend and made him play through it with me... it broke his mind.10/10"
,Recommended,215690,8795434,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Slinks,"Okay, so, do you like punching♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like, just everything and anyone you see? How about shooting somebody with a fish pistol? Throwing grenades made from skulls? Connecting people together so that when you punch one of them in the nads the other falls over as well? How about some of the most interesting environments and vistas you've ever seen?Or, let me put it this way. Once I started playing, I played the entire game through in one go because I couldn't stop until it was finished.The answer is yes, you should."
,Recommended,215690,1246859,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,CrashFu,"See bizarre things! Punch bizarre things in the face!Also the story is good, but I think we both know you want this for the face-punching action."
,Recommended,215690,28504332,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Trash Wizard,"The gameplay is not as good as in the first Zeno Clash, unfortunately.  The art & story are just as incredible as before, though.  Buy Zeno Clash 1 & play that first, & if you love the art & story then you should play this too."
,Recommended,215690,8697028,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nixter,you can pistol whip anyone11/10
,Recommended,215690,26990957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fim the person,Perfect followup to the fantastic Zeno Clash 1. Unlike any other fantasy game. And the fighting's improved too.
,Recommended,215690,14006341,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,megalomanium,"I was a huge fan of Zeno Clash 1. Of Zeno Clash 2? It's a mixed bag.On the one hand, I like the updated combat, and the arena mode they added is HUGE fun. I sat down in that and 2 hours just... disappeared. Super super fun.On the other hand, the story portion of the game? The new open world stuff? I feel like it really hurts the game. It's messy, the checkpoints are spaced way too far apart, the difficulty is spiky and weird, and it just... isn't very fun, in general. It'd probably be more fun if you were into the world, but I can't say I find it very interesting / I was mashing through the awkward cutscenes by a few minutes into the game.So yes I recommend the game, strongly, but personally, I only really enjoy the arena mode(s) - especially if you pick it up on a sale. Your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,215690,9348329,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,wasnotwhynot,"no doubt, not even me and my facepunching fetish can deny, that the magnitude of the zeno clash series lies in the strangeness of its world. perfectly realized oddities inasmuch that they’re not even strange, different, yes, but it’s only surprising for a moment. the first zeno clash strived to keep that feeling aback by quickly introducing things and leaving them esoteric. playing zeno clash 2 without the first’s context may feel the same, however, less is introduced through narrative in this game, making it feel more friendly and inviting. in this we gain some things and lose some things. the original zeno clash felt like an exceptional turgid mystery, the clouded world fueled pinings and unsureness; though a player you felt a voyeur. zeno clash 2 doesn’t wish to obscure things. it doesn’t brilliantly hold information back or overload in complexities. it wants the player to take in and understand the strangeness. enjoyment of zenozoik’s surrealism relies on the player’s projections. the sequel is a hell of a game in a traditional sense, but much less of a new age experience.the stylistic difference doesn’t matter if you want to punch things in the face. animation and contact is more solid in zeno clash 2, which I consider the greatest part of the combat. the fists are even more furious; heavy punches and uppercuts are absolutely brutal. options are still sectioned around light and heavy attacks. heavy punches no longer require an absurd wind up. they're versatile as pokes, as guard breakers, and as finishers. light punches are jabs. left click is left punch, right click is right punch, allowing for a few different combos but losing a touch of natural simplicity. it's an easy concept to pick up on and uppercut kick finishers make alternating punches so worth it. the greatest addition to zeno clash 2 is the special move meter. it fills a bit as you fight and a lot if you get hit. these allow you to perform various wind up attacks and finishers. they add utility to your combat and make you more suited to take on masses of enemies. if the bar is full, you can go beserk. this makes the special and endurance bars infinite - allowing much more attacks than a full bar - but tactically timing special moves goes out the window, for when it times out the lack of special may leave you defenseless.models, visual effects, and environments are generally stunning, on that note. though I highly doubt eclipsing the potential of the unreal engine, they show off a great sensibility. there is a slight sheen to the models that is reminiscent of bioshock, but in a way that’s less overboard, so it comes off as a great effect. zeno clash 2 is an extremely colorful game that doesn’t rely on cell-shading or a cartoon aesthetic and that is what’s striking at the end. though, it comes at a slight dissatisfaction that the barren areas look the best. canyons, darkened scablands, caves, and a flowered desert have the most cohesion. the city and the coast are accomplished, but the forested areas mar my disappointment. the flora and fauna, though unique, are plain low-res. and on my computer, for no discernable reason, my framerate seriously stuttered through the forests. no other time or area was affected, so I firmly place the blame on the game. enemies and npcs have a bizarre, entitled sensibility that you will only be able to find in zenozoik, and that is still the best visual aspect of zeno clash. at a risk of spoiler, the golem designs in the game continue to impress me as I look back. they’re intense, otherworldly, striking, I plain love them. father-mother is as weird as he is pitiable, your various ‘brothers and sisters’ are so alien, yet recognizable. somehow, this time, even ghat seems more capable of expressing emotion, which is hard to believe.with that, there’s a price to pay. the dialogue in zeno clash II is generally rubbish. I don’t know how that happened. the dialogue in the first game was fantastic and thoughtfully placed. words weren’t wasted, even the made up ones. things occurred logically, at the same time, a dash of the unpredictable, but the dialogue always sat in accordance to the situation and usually inflecting a caveman’s poetic sensibility. there is none of this in zeno clash II. only the golem is permitted to be well-written, everyone else, in taking background roles, sound like background characters. ghat is strung pathetically by rimat for no good reason at all. he contributes nothing more than wanting to beat people up when problems face his way. although that’s how he acted before, he was considerably more pensive about it. rimat has no clear ambition, besides wanting to help father-mother, except most of the things she does do not seem to accomplish anything. I guess, in the sense of their aimlessness, rimat and ghat string eachother along, but that doesn’t mean anything good. it’s all fueled by the nonsense desire to have sidequests. these give you more things to do and places to go, but they’re not well written or thought out, so level progression seems random, and how the characters justify it doesn’t sit very well. I’m quite certain rimat never had a good line throughout the entire game. at least ghat wanting to punch people is entertaining.however, though the dialogue is incredibly simple, even lacking, the story is still competent, and near the end, great. does that make sense? somehow, I lean towards: not really. zeno clash II has a habit of presenting things that don’t make sense. it deals with personal satisfaction, it deals with unshakable ideals, it deals with duty over honor, it deals with intellectual rebellion, it deals with living in a rut. most of  this stuff is in the shadows, told over half-meant quips of long lost history. the distance and at the same time casual immediacy of the story surprises. though it cannot be forgiven how bland the dialogue is or how sudden the plot developments come, it still manages to be convincing by the end of the game.yet, clear as day, plot and dialogue take a backseat in zeno clash II. the game is entirely about exploration. although accepting your first sidequest within city walls gives the game an air of a strange, barren western rpg, it isn’t the case at all. zeno clash II’s open world ends up more like zelda than anything else. there isn’t really anything open about it, the sidequests themselves being entirely linear and missable. it’s only an interconnected overworld. there are, oddly out of place, treasures to find. personal stat upgrades are hidden as totems and offer lukewarm progression. the amount they improve ghat is negligible and it starts to take far too many to see any improvement, yet the effort to giving things to collect is fine. that sentiment rears its ugly head with two other kinds of collectables, butterflies and cubes, that feel forced and relatively pointless. while the elegance of the world is a far shoot from, say, metroid prime, if you enjoy taking in the strangeness of the world, zeno clash II is incredible. you and impossibilities get to journey together. that’s the most important part about playing zeno clash II. experiencing another world that’s an otherworld, while punching people in the face.if you have no greater goal in life than punching faces, this is a sublime work. there quite frankly is nothing in the beat ‘em up genre that provides such a well-rounded experience. however, entirely, it is just a well-rounded experience. unless you have a particular love for the very strange or, once again, for punching in the face, you might even feel a little bit let-down with zeno clash II. the gameplay is fantastic despite its simplicity. I very much loved the game, so I want to defend it, but I lack the words to do so. it’s a collection of somewhat good things, which might make a great thing, but only to a very weird person."
,Recommended,215690,14542149,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Tynon_2112,"Faces everywhere in the environment.When there are actually faces of people/creatures... they don't look like faces...A violent trip, stumbling over every drug ever discovered by man. Best in co-op."
,Not Recommended,215690,12184202,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"Well, the first game was a little gem of weirdness, and unfortunately this sequel turns up the incoherency and turns off the tactics; I barged through this without needing to apply much skill. It's a real shame that this is such a mess, with a distinct unfinishedness on display at every level, because there are so many good ideas, and it continues to look like pretty much nothing else around. The twists in the story are interesting, too. But it's told with such disconnection from the core characters that I didn't care, which is a pity, as you can feel the wasted potential dripping off this baby. Oh well."
,Not Recommended,215690,11810783,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,unbirth,"after the brilliant 'Zeno Clash' i've bought this game with no doubt. my fault. it's lame. of course, developers tried hard, they made a wonderful world, beautiful and big, but in the same time the amount of bugs and glitches is too damn high. i do not recommend it but you should see the original 'Zeno Clash' - it was the masterpiece."
,Not Recommended,215690,9324359,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"Play the first game instead. this one is just badly paced and tedious. the continuation of the story was good though, so if you're dying to know how the story continues, go ahead."
76561198003416839,Recommended,215690,9439768,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,MystMan,"Short versionSequel of the only first person brawler I have played in my life. There is nothing like it. Get it just out of curiousity. It's longer and has an open world feature this time.Long versionI loved the first game, I very much love this one as well.The bizarre work of Zenozoik gets expanded with the ability of an open world exploration where you can backtrack (and you will  do this a lot if you are hunting for sub-quests). AI partner or human partner co-op gameplay, following the twisted story makes this game longer than the first.The artwork: so weird, IT IS FANTASTIC!The battle system: first-preson free-roam brawler with optional weapons, just like the first game. I still can't compare these two games with anything else. They're just too unique, daring to break new ground in today's recycle-happy gameworld.There is an online drop-in/drop-out co-op mode now as well.Arena challenge modes to beat leaderboard high scores.And lastly an update has been added: Frame-rate Challenge Mode.The game will launch wireframe enemies in massive waves increasingly pushing your hardware to its limits until your computer's FPS counter drops below a value. You are basically fighting your own PC, it's like an interactive benchmark game.  That is just awesome!"
76561198113914332,Recommended,215690,8261527,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Griff,"this game is like playing an acid trip, so much wtf thrown all over the place. in the midst of countless typlical shooters, games like this are appreiciated"
76561197991895839,Recommended,215690,8749466,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Blindga,"Zeno Clash is a very odd, very surreal, but overall very interesting experience with plenty of pleasant gameplay moments to balance its flaws.Good:It's odd, the combat works well, it's amusing, a bit silly, and you get to beat up wild animals with your fists; for those of you who want to skip the rest.The core concept of being a somewhat mentally unhinged brawler in an exotic alien world is fun on its own, and deserves a special mention for the game. What makes it funnier is that people actually expect this sort of punk behavior of the protagonist Ghat. Nobody ever calls you out for getting into random fights, shooting people in the streets, or chain-whipping wild animals into submission.Fun/cruelty factor aside, the combat is pretty interesting on its own; if somewhat easy. You have a good number of different punches, combos, and special attacks you can use, while still not overwhelming the player in any area. There is a very bare-bones rpg stat system which, while not really necessary for the game in the first place, doesn't get in the way of anything.The levels are very unique and entrancing, ranging from busy alien cities, flower-covered deserts, high-tech ruins, and something I could only describe as a river of soap. Every other character in this strange world has a different way of speaking and some little quirk or design that defines them and makes them stand out. The levels and characters combined make for an even stranger story that only gets weirder and weirder as it goes along; and take that for what you will.In summary, it's fun; especially if you are the easily amused sort or just really stressed and want to play as a guy who likes to punch things in the face. The setting and story are very unusual and alien, and while it might not leave you glued to your keyboard eager to see what happens next, it is certainly worth going through it just to see all the exotic locales and see how the whole thing plays out. It's jus an overall amusing and odd experience.Bad:Poor balance, bugginess, and lackluster voice acting if you aren't reading any more of this.Depending on how you play, this game can be stupidly easy. Sometimes it feels like Ghat practically cheats. Between the absurd melee skills, being able to chain-whip six guys at once, special attacks that can send about anyone into a ragdoll, and being able to call down laser beams from the sky, it felt like the slow and bumbling enemies I faced never stood any chance. Weapons get an extra mention: While the various hammers, scepters, and guns are very pretty and fun to use, they practically allow you to cheese your way through even the most difficult fights. To counter this, the game makes weapons finite. Once you break your hammer or use your gun's ammo, that weapon is gone for the rest of the game forever. Once you use all the weapons in the campaign you don't get any more, and that felt a bit cheap since they were still a lot of fun and I wished there were ways to acquire weapons to use just for fun.But on the note of balance, allies actually can be useful outside of cannon fodder distractions, and it can actually be worth it to put points in the leadership skill for that reason.The game is just a little bit too buggy and slow at times. There was a time where I found a way to kill a boss without him being able to hurt me on pure accident. Some of the sidequests, which I looked up online and know for sure I did not have the items to complete, let me complete them anyways. Enemies in some areas got stuck on terrain. Weapons I had not picked up (to save them for later) would vanish when I left an area (adding to my dismay that fun weapons are cheaply limited). I also got a few visual glitches related to the lighting. One in particular caused me to have background images burned onto my screen like a picture. So there are some very frustrating and jarring bugs that one could encounter on a regular basis.Finally, the voice acting. I'm not an expert, but I sometimes felt like it wasn't possible for Ghat or Rimat to show any emotion outside neutral or slight frustration. Every other character in the game is fine and has some unique verbal tic or speech mannerism that makes them interesting to listen too, except the two protagonists. Maybe the Golem isn't any better, but at least he sounds like what he is supposed to be. Sounds in general just feel a little muted sometimes, but this is the only thing really bad enough to stand out to me as far as the overall goes.So the voice acting is a little bland at times, bugs and balance decisions can be frustrating, and the game can be a little too easy at times. I won't nag too much on the difficulty because I wasn't on hard, but the main thing for me is that it felt easy for the wrong reasons. There are just a lot of little bad designs and difficulty flaws that mar the surface of an otherwise fun game.Overall:On the freeroam rpg scale, it's certainly not Skyrim, and if you come into this with any sort of high expectation it will disappoint. The game requires you to overlook some flawsBut while it has some moments when it will make you sigh in disappointment, but you can always shake that off by punching some giant crabs. The weirdness and silliness is the main charm here, and the focus on the brutal fist fights combined with the unusual setting full of furry, scaly, and just plain freaky alien creatures just makes the whole thing fun; despite how simple and unbalanced it is.As a person who is easily entertained by first person fighters such as this, there is nothing not to like. At the very least, it's cheap and a good way to kill some time punching random things in the face. I recommend it."
76561198021308169,Recommended,215690,9372798,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Shovel Lover,Punching bird-people in the♥♥♥♥♥♥never felt so satisfying!
,Recommended,215690,11000250,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deloctyte,"Another flawed but ambitious gem from Ace Team.If you are a veteran of the first Zeno Clash, unlearn whatever instincts you've grown: The combat system is quite different and a bit more nuanced, however this goes to the cost of the feeling of IMPACT that the fist game has from the very first minute. The explorable world might feel a bit constrictive compared to, say, Skyrim, but this IS an indie team we're talking about here:The Visuals are always staggering in style and occasionally in techncial finese, although one might find the occasional bug or two. The Story is oh-so-twisted and weird that a lover of the grotesque can't help but fall in love with it. The voice-acting is....Well, moving on, I'd say this is a heartfelt recommendation to all those who wish to play something weird, something new and something that shows that little development companies can work so hard that they start being judged on the same level as triple-A titles (If you didn't know, that was the main reason for the mediocre reviews official sources usually gave the poor thing).Then again, I love the game universe, so I might be a tad biased. :P"
,Recommended,215690,9832041,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Eiggy,"A trippy fighter at the Border Between Reality and Madness, this game expands on the original storyline but greatily differs from the first one's level progression gameplay and is instead, a freeroam with a strong backing in a deep story. 10/10"
,Recommended,215690,9905478,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,skuggantroll,amzing atmosphere and a complex combat engine. 10* better than any main stream game
,Recommended,215690,2722448,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Barbaric Space Whale,"I played the first game, and I can tell you that it was awesome, and this game is even better! If you enjoy beating weird-looking people up, enjoy!"
,Recommended,215690,12441489,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TeeCee,This game perfectly captures the weird nightmares you had as a little child and brings it to life.10/10 would help a child kidnapper escape jail and fight for a cow in human skin clothes again.
,Recommended,215690,2945829,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,ThilocMoths,Game of the year.
,Not Recommended,215690,23481799,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Willie,"fun, but buggy and needs work for voice acting, glitches."
,Not Recommended,215690,9338728,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,toast,"Bizarre punching simulation in a twisted setting with grotesque characters.The graphics are actually quite nice, and looked pretty on my 42"" screen. The game seemed to encourage exploration, but with fat disgusting slobs waiting to punch me in alleys and no reward for doing so. When the game starts, the unconventional controls immediately tell you that you're going to be punching a lot in this game.In several occasions I found myself surrounded by enemies, and barely punching my way through. As I limp toward the final remaining enemy, he will squat down and fire some kind of explosive at me, killing me. Death is also a punishing back track."
,Not Recommended,215690,11773419,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Construct,"I thoroughly enjoyed Zeno Clash and found this game to be an extremely poor sequel.  There are a lot of technical problems and while the same characters are present, they appear to have little connection to the story or gameplay of the previous game.  I mean, I'm sure there is a connection to the story that makes some amount of sense, but you start off on damn good terms with your sister who was trying to kill you last game.  I couldn't really play it more than an hour."
76561198009595827,Recommended,215690,2583944,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Dickmeis,"Zeno Clash 2 is a great and unique game filled with crazy looking cretures that you can punch in the face. Which is really enjoyable. The art style is awesome and creepy sometimes, its like developers were on shrooms, but it's a good thing in this case imo."
76561198040675141,Recommended,215690,12657057,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MAROCTHEBOW,"Ok this is going to be a short review because If you have played the first one (what you should do) then you know what to get from this however there is couple of things that are new, firstly that it's open world what's a good thing as it allows the player to see and explore world that ACE Team has builded. Another thing that I liked is that it's coop what allows your friends to join in and explore plus kick some♥♥♥♥♥with you, boss battles are better then the first game and the soundtrack like the last game is amazing. Now for some reason there was alot of bad and mediocre reviews for this game but to be honest game doesn't deserve low scores, to me this game surpass the last one as the soundtrack is alot more memorable, the locations as well and the story was alot more better as well. If you were a fan of the first one or you are interested then buy this game and don't listen to the mediocre reviews (bad reviews as well) because most reviewers haven't played the first one plus don't like beat them ups.This game gets a 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,215690,15757010,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mister Skeleton,FIrST PERSON FACE FISTER
76561197996253481,Not Recommended,215690,16975021,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Magus,Games broken for two players.  Reached the two headed monkey guy and it just let us a take him as an ally and not progress in the game.  The graphics and the player control aren't very good either.
,Not Recommended,215690,35194649,Posted: 24 September,all,loktar,"Overall Rating - 3/10Buy rating - Only on sale, and only if you REALLY loved Zeno Clash and want to see how the story continues. Not recommended even on sale if you haven't played Zeno Clash.Length - unsure.Had high expectation since Zeno Clash was so fun. This game unfortunately falls flat. I applaud the devs in making the fighting system deeper, however the AI is too poor to force you to use it, and the system itself is actually a tad clunky to begin with. Controls aren't really tight at all, something that's needed in a type of game like this.ProsInteresting setting and worldNice varied charactersConsVoice actingFighting system, which is the core of the game"
76561198060445191,Recommended,215690,21080851,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Shlettes,This game gave me aids
,Recommended,215690,21573287,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Ainsley Harriott's Nazi Grandpa,"Possibly the best game ive ever played... The storyline seems extremely arbitrary at first, but when the big reveal happens later on you'll be left considering the meaning of the game for many days after. I didnt play this game for the combat or the actual gameplay itself, but instead chose to let the atmosphere of the world and storyline sink in, and just appreciate the world the developers have created... If you want good gameplay and fighting get the first one, if you want a amazing atmospheric storyline that will leave you wonder what the philosophical idea of the game is, play this one :)"
,Recommended,215690,12198,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,GRRRR,"This one adheres more to game conventions than the first one. It definitely loses some of its weirdo♥♥♥♥♥indie charm (No more gems like ""She ♥♥♥♥♥ herself and starves because thats what she does"") but in exchange for toned down crazy you get a more refined game with an actual overworld you can run around in (lots of the old locations make a return and its interesting to see how theyre retouched and arranged) and do little sidequests and such. Theres a few more weapons and a skill system where you can raise stats with points you get from totems hidden around the world.Good stuff"
,Recommended,215690,6734793,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,שלום,This is disturbing!You should try it.
76561197970348941,Recommended,215690,17974642,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,YandyX,You punch like a Ferengi.
,Recommended,215690,16438313,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pugilist,"Take a look at the negative reviews...Notice how almost all of them include people who have barely played a half an hour to an hour and a half of the game.10% of them are your typical ""LoL Game suks and bugs, only punching no reloads on guns? I r8 0/8 m8. 0/10 -ign""90% are the classic whiny, originalist fanboy who doesn't like the fact that they changed their precious, repetitive, simplistic, linear game to free roam, added companions/allies, added a few small side quests, spruced up the combat with combos and heavy attacks, and added a skill tree system.  These people are all little b!tchesI'm going to make this quick:+Beautiful Environment - Return to the world of Zenozoic and its warped landscape.  Revisit good old areas from the first game and see fantastic new areas such as the grassy plains of Rath Bird Fields and the epic abstract vista of the Pink Tower.  All is eye candy in Zeno Clash 2+Open World - Lets you explore the surreal world of Zenozoic and revisit areas for side-quests without being confined to linear railroading.+Improved Combat - Combos and Heavy attacks help liven up the combat system and breathe new life into it.+Companion System - Interesting twist that allows you to call companions to help you in big battles.+Weapon System - Given certain weapons and items that help you in combat and through puzzles.+Puzzles - They have added puzzles! For those that don't like puzzles, don't panic! They are usually simple and fun.+Story - A good story and a hidden backstory that shows you how Zenozoic came to be.+Co-op - Co-op is always good.+/-Skill Tree - System is a bit rough, but adds an interesting aspect to the game.+/-Story kicks off closely after the first one's ending... which means you will have to play the first one to understand anything at all that is going on.Many people have claimed bugs, but I had never experienced any during my time playing.  This game is fantastic. They took the good of the old and gave it an upgrade.  Definatly a must play if you liked the first."
,Not Recommended,215690,16728246,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Godzilla.exe,"This game was released many years after this first one and did not live up to any hype. While I highly recommend the first Zeno Clash as it is both fun, looks pretty good still, and has a very unique presentation, this one is just bland, boring, and represents nothing of the original.The combat did not improve, the story is wholly underwhelming and boring, and I find that this game just does not offer the same level of experience that the first one did."
,Recommended,215690,23198248,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Reyja 187,Acid Trip Simulator 2k13.
76561198090010354,Recommended,215690,15194490,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dank Souls,do you like really weird games and love great gameplay and such? well your going to love this
76561198042900808,Recommended,215690,16269763,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,n898,Not as good as the original.  I blame Unreal Engine 3.
,Recommended,215690,17280450,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,215690,7778302,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,rätsel,"This game is so terrible that it's hilarious. It's worth playing for that alone. Co-op is a nice plus so that you and a friend can laugh at this ridiculous crap together. I absolutely recommend it, in all seriousness, just for laughs. That makes it fun, & that's the whole point of a game."
76561198053253127,Recommended,215690,8177245,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,matthazard55,"Didn't really feel the need for such useless open-world dynamics, the first one was great even if it was linear. Besides I'm not sure it makes any sense to make an open-world in which you are totally guided from the first to the last moment. Anyway, the game itself actually pretty good, and you'll probably like it if you liked the first one, the gameplay is funny and it gives lots of possibilities, the graphics, the world and the characters are likable and fascinating, I have to say that the A.I. is actually kinda bad though. I'd give it a 7."
,Recommended,215690,9075883,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Skelzor,"Amazingly creative art direction, mediocre voice acting, an odd yet fun take on beat-em-up mechanics and a truly bizarre plot.If you're at all curious about this game then it is worth taking the time to check it out."
,Recommended,215690,9100524,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,My_Monkey_Balls,"This game is not great, but it is very unique with its stetic and mechanic, totally worth it"
76561198026760334,Recommended,215690,7812606,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,armondias,"Sometimes a bit boring and the ending in Zeno Clash 1 was way better, but it has several EPIC moments! :D"
,Recommended,215690,9362263,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Top Jack,I Need To See Where This Goes...
76561198184178143,Not Recommended,215690,21742542,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,toyotawarrior,"This game is just not fun.  the open world thing just sucks and it really is pointless since the whole game is pretty much linear anyway.  And on top of that, you trade your nice and friendly (and hot) companion deadra for your angry downer sister rimat who literally just complains and whines the whole game.  the fighting system sucks now and the storyline sucks too.  why couldnt they just keep useing the same winning formula from the first one.....  this is like dragons age 3 all over again....."
76561198037081715,Recommended,215690,22420424,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,theetompster,Awesome game. Great mix of bizarreness and fun.  Grande story and curious world to explore.   Nothing else like this.
,Not Recommended,215690,7354706,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Bedmonster,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of Zeno Clash 1, which was beautifully made. This one was again made by an art studio turned game studio, but something tells me something made them lose their way. This has Coop, Zeno Clash 1 does not. If your looking for single player gameplay and immersion into one of the strangest game worlds ever. Get Zeno Clash 1, and NEVER buy this one. Coop is even a little lacking in this one, generic feeling."
,Not Recommended,215690,12102417,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Gurg cultist,dont get pls save your self from♥♥♥♥♥♥tourtre youll die0/10- had a bad time
76561198074612679,Recommended,215690,9554849,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The All Day Big Breakfast,zeno gash!
,Recommended,215690,741294,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"Only once for twice the price, don't touch my keebler elves."
,Recommended,215690,11788763,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Tarrnack,This game is like a issue of Heavy Metal Comics.
,Recommended,215690,17928213,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Jesus Christ™,Very good game.Jesus approves.
76561198058277552,Recommended,215690,8758030,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,szymon.kosc,"The pluses of it:-nice, original and colorful open world with different locations-a very satisfying melee kombat with lots of moves and combos-interesting campaign-cooperation-a fun mode called colosseum (it's an arena for fightning)-global stats-good soundtrackThe minuses of it:-short campaignMy final rating is 8/10"
,Recommended,215690,9273175,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mozgus,"It doesn't get much more weird than Zeno Clash, and this sequel is more of the same.I loved the first game. As a curious budget title, it blew me away. This new one unfortunately has some rough spots.They switched from Valve's source engine to the Unreal engine, and I have no idea why. It doesn't look any better than the first game, and causes a terrible shadow bug on all AMD cards. The developer admits it, but said they can't do anything about it. Basically, every shadow in the game beyond ten feet in front of you will pop in from nothingness. It makes all the city areas very ugly.Now beyond that annoying bug, I love the visual style and the tribal soundtrack. Very similar to the first game. I can't say I cared for the open-world aspect. They made gigantic maps this time, but you are often just hiking it through the same areas multiple times. Collecting moths is not a good motivation to explore, especially when the rewards are so weak for doing so. I feel like this game would have been better suited to the linear stage formula like the first game.The story didn't grip me at all. I only found it mildly intriguing with the first game, but here it feels like a pointless continuation. Very abrupt, dumb ending as well. The terrible acting and dialog for 90% of the characters doesn't help that. I know they are neanderthal types, but if you're going to force us to listen to them for a few hours collectively, make it worth our while.The gameplay and combat is a bit more refined but the campaign wont require you to learn much of it. You're usually best off just chain whipping to victory.Score this one for less than $7 and you'll be happy with the experience."
76561197960802741,Not Recommended,215690,19324599,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SnakeIRye,This would have been an ok game in 2002.
,Recommended,215690,415328,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Kenuty,"It might has some flaws, but it is a very different sort of game, the art is fantastic, the controls might be a clunky bit, but the game itself stays true to what made zeno clash 1 great. You will not regret it if you want to play something ""Different""Review here-http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcdRyPJD4T0"
,Not Recommended,215690,11997010,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Old Hunter Leo,"Great game. It mixes Tony Hawks Pro skater 3 with Gutiar Hero IV to make the perfect Call of duty. If you like Guns. loads of ammo, racing, MMORPG, 1v1's, this isnt the game for you. I like the way the storyline affected the gameplay. The characters where unique, If you play it for over an hour, you should probs go to the doctor and check yourself out because this game is worse than Banjo Kazooie Nuts N Bolts and RAGE combined... Ok maybe not RAGE is pretty bad. But seriously if you like games, Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,215690,12384265,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Bob,Beat the **** out of a half pig/half human10/10
,Not Recommended,215690,9196398,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,NoBody,"This game is bad, like, reallllllllllllllllllll bad."
,Recommended,215690,28701527,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,rut420,Cool and Good.
,Recommended,215690,391746,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Saint Satan,Not good.
,Recommended,215690,9408962,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,thepartyboypbk,"Terrible voice acting. Poor polish to the game. The animation could have done with some more work. But it is an intresting game, gameplay is really good."
76561198029260973,Recommended,215690,15531918,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,DreadShot1337,I found pott...Get this game.
,Recommended,215690,15136730,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,All American Bad Boy,Dope acid trip of a game.
,Recommended,215690,8449187,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,granderojo,"The 'Enlightenment', which discovered the liberties, also invented the disciplines."
,Not Recommended,215690,9815361,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Seamus (thats the dog),Has bizarre characters and isnt fun to play
76561198145137111,Not Recommended,215690,15155727,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Kum Captain,This game sucks
,Recommended,215690,174650,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,nutcrackr,"ZC2 is better than the original. The fist combat is well developed and less frustrating.. The larger areas make it feel like an open world game. UE3 produces better landscapes than the original thanks to a full day night cycle. ZC2 is all about fist fights, which doesn't make for a great game. The story is also difficult to comprehend due to weirdness / translation. An ok fist-fight brawler."
,Not Recommended,215690,11070005,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"5 mins in and I liked Zeno Clash 1 way better, and it didn't seem refreshing enough. Only played 21 mins tho!"
,Not Recommended,215690,12917327,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Craigs and Bacon,"Very fun but so hard, then boring instantly, do not get 5\10"
76561198017320610,Recommended,215690,16484377,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Jolly Jew,fantastic game.exelent storybeutiful setting and scenerycombat is satisfying and fun as hell.definetly improves on the original in every way. its a wonderful unique expereince. dont miss on it
,Not Recommended,215690,12861334,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,pat,"Zeno Clash 1 = One of my favourite games, Zeno Clash 2 = One of my favourite acid burns in the face."
,Not Recommended,215690,13126287,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jeff,"The worst game -69/3 u suck kill yourself""I like making garbage"" - Everyone who worked on this"
,Recommended,215690,12119050,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,the hollywood hootsman,"This is a really cool game, I love it a lot. There, now vote it helpful."
76561198195614858,Not Recommended,215690,35022511,Posted: 17 September,all,He-man,This game makes me cry sometimes when I'm lying in bed
,Not Recommended,215690,12858053,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,hauser,but why guns in a melee-oriented combat game
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,215690,31396258,Posted: 27 April,all,Penitenziagite,"More advanced graphically than Zeno Clash 1, but still one incredibly ugly PoS. Very basic - and very ugly - brawler."
,Not Recommended,215690,33097236,Posted: 1 July,all,Axerzz,"The voice acting is horrid, the gameplay is glitchy and the multiplayer is even worse get this game when they make it free."
,Not Recommended,215690,29416058,Posted: 21 January,all,Necrosexual,All the colors n sh!t made me nauseous
,Recommended,215690,10346984,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Scornwell,Every philosophical quandry can be solved with 6-hit punch combos or fish guns.
76561198007862392,Recommended,215690,10320421,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Dimytri,"An amazing sequel to a already awesome game. It's one of the wierdest games i've everseen in my life! The controls for the Xbox controller are clean, and the gameplay is amazing for a fist fighter. If i have to say that if you like something different from the usual minecraft,Call of duty, MMO's and starcraft cookie cutters, then look no further."
,Recommended,215690,10291412,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Inuart,"The gameplay is nice, the story is nice, but the artistic weirdness is what really makes this game shine."
,Recommended,215690,870502,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Fidchell,"A very peculiar art style and an enjoyable journey with a fun and functional combat system. Punch, whip, and shoot your way through a plethora of strange foes. Better than the first in almost every way."
,Recommended,215690,2832030,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Daddy,i like this game. wish there were more like it
76561198000547221,Recommended,215690,1980189,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Thermo Wolf,"Great game. However, something about revisiting the world of the first game made it seem.. Less original. The world itself is still totally out there. The art and lore are crazy. But it isn't as magical as the first time.That aside, this game was lovely. The environments were great to be in. Combat was fluid and fun as always, and just.. it was very good. It's a great first person beat 'em up. It is an awesome game, and if you liked the first one, or just want something new, then this is for you.I never got to try out co-op, but I imagine it's quite fun. If you're thinking about this game, I say get it."
,Recommended,215690,3752619,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Killagorilla,"This game is severely underrated. While the mechanics they tried to implement such as RPG and free-roam are very flawed, the combat is immensely satisfying and improved in almost ever aspect of the original. The ending really sets it up for a sequel, and I really want to see Zeno Clash 3 in all its glory."
,Recommended,215690,439640,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Sweetz,"After getting past some initial rough edges, Zeno Clash 2 surprised me by being a far deeper and more ambitious game than its first chapter.  The wonderfully odd visual design is still the best thing about the game and remains impressive over the duration of its greatly expanded scope, but that's not to say the fighting isn't fun - it just takes a while to ""click"".In a time when game critics will fawn over titles where you do nothing but explore (Proteus, Dear Esther), its dissapointing to see their reaction to a game that's every bit as interesting to discover, but with real gameplay added in - even if it is admittedly a bit clunky at times.  It's not a perfect game, but it's unquestionably worth experiencing; I feel the critics were off the mark on this one."
76561198065345348,Recommended,215690,6394273,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,SEXY JAFAR,"OMG what the f*ck ?! This game is AWESOME !!U can punch, kick and kung fu style ennemies !Just WOW !!"
,Recommended,215690,691996,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,liminal18,"What made the original Zeno Clash so special was the way it's designers didn't just borrow an aesthetic, but rather realized the values behind it's ethos. Zeno Clash was as punk as Vidiot and other classics of the genre. It espoused primitivism and unbridled desire in ways so surrealist and cruel that it often revealed the charace of civilization. Zeno Clash 2 begins by taking the familar characters and then unfortunately throwing them into a hollywood style plot. It doesn't work, and damages the atmosphere of the game, but about an hour or two in it descends back into the same libidanl logics that made the first game so great, only to end on a slightly less Stellar not. The weapons are awesome and really assist in combat, and I have yet to get the last one, but over all if you're a fan of the first one and can forigve the opening's premise you're in for fun primitivism and a great game. Definitely more fan servive, noobs check the original."
76561198044468584,Recommended,215690,17517349,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,A Stressed Crocodile.,"This is an instant 10/10 for me upon playing through the game a couple times. as to why i will explain.Visuals 10/10: if you've played the first zeno clash, you will notice right away that the overall visuals look slightly different than the first game's. it's not a bad change though, the world of zenozoik is as beautiful as ever with more environments, characters, and other such sights to see. i was even suprised to see a day and night system that added for very alluring results in the level designs. what i can appreciate best about this however is that the surreal and outlandish aspect of zeno clash is still in the game's levels, one level in particular looking akin to something from alice in wonderland....if you replaced tea and crumpets with skulls and stones.Story 9/10: the story in this game is far better than the first ones in terms of length, originality, and interest. going literally right where the first game left off, the story is much more easy to follow and generally alot more interesting to the player with the events that unfold. in fact, there are also no flashbacks in the game, which caused the most confusion amongst players in the first game. and not to mention that the characters are much more worth listening too with much more strange and/or interesting dialouge.Gameplay 10/10: hands down the most deliciously crisp brawling system i think i've ever seen in a game so far. going off of the first games combat system, it adds in many mechanics to make it more fun aswell as taking out many aspects that made it quite infuriating, such as hits not registering and enemy's either being pushovers or damn wwe champions, it now functions with a left click right click punching system that allows for various combos and fighting patterns for the player to adapt too and use. but what's probably the most noticeable feature to me is it's open world type of playstyle, the levels no longer feel linear or heavily scripted, which is very much needed for a game with a visual style as unique and vibrant as zeno clash. and last, but certainly not least, your able to pretty much hit almost every character and animal in the game with no consequence. so let loose,Replayability 10/10: the story for the game is very easily replayable with it's level up system of playing with attributes such as strength, endurance, and leadership. so you could play the game again and look through to see some things you may have missed, or you could try to play without the aid of allies, or you could even try to level up in a way that would provide a challenge. and if your getting tired of story mode, there's always the tournament mode in which you try to see how many waves of enemies you can outpunch. there is also a mode that pays homage to another game ace has made called 'rock of ages' in which is the same concept but you only have the capability to run your enemy over as a giant faced stone. and then possibly the strangest game mode i think i've ever seen, 'the framerate challenge' in which hordes of enemies will spawn in, growing in number as it goes on, with the objective of having your game's framerate drop down to a low enough point to make it lag out. so i'd say that if you want to have a ridicolous amount of fun and/or take some aggression out. this is a game to check out.so overall, i think this game is an absolute gem amongst all of the generic titles seen nowadays. and although it's a very different genre, i think you should give it a shot."
,Recommended,215690,17924256,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"weird, but awesome first person fighting game, i love the fist fights..."
,Recommended,215690,16535692,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,pops,Fish Gun?it's so awesome!
76561198049461705,Recommended,215690,16309629,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Laxoxal,"The atmosphere was really original and the voice acting did a good job of sounding realistically primitive. I liked the story, but I wish it were more fleshed out. A lot of questions are left unanswered (I've only played through it once though). Also, I beat the game in 5 hours, so it's pretty short. I dunno if I'd spend more than $10 on it for that reason, but I'm really glad I played it and wanna see more games with this kind of setting. Haven't tried coop but it's probably fun.The combat is good, but a longer game with more defined attacks and counters would allow you to get better at the combat and that would be more fun.I'd love to see a sequel with what I wrote above. 8/10, content is good, just needs more of it"
76561197998545964,Not Recommended,215690,16885955,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Dr. GLUUGHELGHUH,Why buy all those expensive drugs when you can trip just as hard on Zeno Clash?
,Recommended,215690,18333096,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Within minutes of booting Zeno Clash 2, I knew something was wrong.  The change from the Source engine to Unreal 3 made everything feel a bit off.  Ghat's move set was greatly expanded from a handful of brutal moves to a large selection of hard-to-master combos that I knew right away I wasn't going to bother with.  If Zeno Clash is Double Dragon, then Zeno Clash 2 is Street Fighter 2.  Ghat, who felt strong and capable in the original feels weak and flimsy here.  The story, which was tight and thrilling in the original is now flabby and not nearly as interesting.  Gameplay in the original involved being placed in one intense situation after another, with occasional breathers to allow story progression or to admire the strange world you inhabit.  The lead characters were constantly on the run, constantly pursued and constantly in danger.  In Zeno Clash 2, you're allowed to manually travel between hubs, mostly at your own pace, bashing respawning monsters and poking around in hiding spots for colored moths.  It's not quite ""meh, this is kinda stupid"" but it also is a far cry from the ""holy cow, this is constantly awesome!"" feeling I got from the original.  Zeno Clash 2 is definitely an inferior sequel that was made less interesting and less fun by trying to add more to the core mechanics that made the original so great.BUT... Is Zeno Clash 2 a bad game?  No, it is not.  It's still a fun 1st person fighter/shooter.  It still exists in a wonderfully weird world that is a blast to exist in.  It has a perfect challenge level.  It's achievements are relatively fun and easy to get.  It's story, while inferior, is still decently written and enjoyable.  And yes, hunting for moths can be fun.  It's not the same KIND of experience and not the same QUALITY experience but it is still just barely good enough to earn a recommendation.  BARELY."
76561198059673205,Recommended,215690,20360610,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Spamming Tanks,A really good game that can actually stand on it's own apart from the first game. A very fun campaign and exciting boss battles make up for some really terrible voice acting.
,Recommended,215690,1513420,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Leech,"Maybe the most original game i have played in 5+ years. So many moments made me say wtf, and i loved every second of its 7 hour life."
76561198055850911,Not Recommended,215690,19907905,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jordan,"0xc000007 error, incompatible with windows 8.1, which means this game isn't using direct x 10, if you have windows 8.1, don't try to run this program. You'll just be led on a wild goose chase like I have."
,Recommended,215690,20253539,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Armorchin,Serious motion sickness warning.Good game tho.
76561198017452790,Recommended,215690,18774181,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Garrison Fort,Gimme moar!
76561198028064790,Recommended,215690,20944141,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Nubnub,"Better story, in the same beautiful crazy bizzare universe as the first. Combat is a little less satisfying but still entertaining. Minor puzzle and RPG elements have been added for a good effect. Hope to see a 3rd installment in the future."
,Recommended,215690,16422078,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,dinah,"kuh-pow!If you played the original, you'll enjoy it. Single player is a bit bland, but arena mode is fun, and online co-op is nice to have. I would recommend watching some gameplay before purchasing, I don't think this game is for everyone."
,Recommended,215690,16904723,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DandelionTMV,"Bigger and better than the first game, ZC2 adds more combos, bigger areas, a stats system and a much deeper story to the first person brawler formula. The game if full of creativity and talent. I finished the game in roughly 10 hs, but there's some extra stuff I left unfinished, and the coop definitely increases the replayability, I suggest playing the first game if you didn't, and if you did, play ZCII in hard.9/10"
76561198010768562,Recommended,215690,16345179,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Shanelol,a fighting game that takes place in salvador dalis heroine fueled nightmare.
,Recommended,215690,619397,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,-[Badger]-,"lets see. new engine. same levels. same models. and now graphical glitches and oddities that make it looks less than spectacular. Coop was ok. except the 2nd player couldnt upgrade. and kept crashing. the story is ok. some elements are conveluded and dont make sense. like how you go to one place and get a power but it was given to you by the other golem, yet you took it from another one. or the obvious hints on how to accomplish a task repeated 3 times in the space of 10 sec. kill them, kill these guys, kill them. see same thing. pointless. I might be picky about this but I am fond of the first one. it was good. this one. is well. 50% cutscene, 30% legacy 10% action and 10% meh.6.5/10"
,Recommended,215690,808629,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,peter purvis,... impressive return of my favorite surreal face-punch-athon ...... btw the metascore for this game is a f%$&ing travesty ...
,Recommended,215690,664373,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Mr. Meatcleaver,"If you liked the first Zeno Clash, this game won't dissapoint. The 60 point metascore is completely wrong in my opinion, as the game is in a genre of its own, and thus really not for everyone. The only real gripe I have with it is that there is no challenge mode or arena thing like there was in the first game. The game also has a co-op mode."
76561197997107894,Recommended,215690,11785717,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,James1x1,"I don't normally write reviews but Zeno Clash 2 is a work of art: Original, amazing combat mechanics and a riveting story to boost, 9/10"
76561198041324282,Recommended,215690,11781841,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Robbus,after a long journay and alot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ kicking we arrived in the desert where we were well prepered for a fight with the desert people i gathered all my things a handy pistol for the fight and as i arrived in their village i got stormed by desert people ready to kill me whenever theyd get the chance so i called my companion wich immediately started to bash a field full of rather harmless shrimps watching seriously in dissapointment i then continuet shooting at the desert people i then ran out of ammo and they just came more in numbers so i threw the pistol at the first one i saw as a distraction and punched him in the face looking back at my companion who was brutally killing those shrimps i got an idea i ran over to her and punched the poor shrimp trying to flee from her grudge against shrimps and hoped she would snap out of her shrimp smackdown buffet she then responded and attacked one of them as the approached and side by side we killed everyone of them i laughed a victorious laugh with no health left what so ever but didn't notice that little shrimp that walked behind me and brutally murdered not sure how i feel after that guess karma's a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,215690,11774764,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[5d]Ebb,Goosebumps.
76561197977799334,Recommended,215690,11798218,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Thre3zekiel,"This game is an awesome example of bizarre fun.  Do it, you'll have fun... as long as you are alright with wantonly beat things in with your fists! Great graphics, crazy music, awesome gameplay, and a style that will make you question your sanity more than once."
76561198084286839,Recommended,215690,11804199,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,elliot,"If you can't afford hallucinogenic drugs, this is a good cheap alternative. I think I may well be having nightmares about FatherMother for a long time to come.As far as the gameplay goes, I found the controls tricky (getting the right sequence of mouse clicks to pass the tutorial took me far more time than I'd like). Though it turned out that didn't matter anyway, as pressing both mouse buttons down at once to perform a double punch, followed by kicking my enemy once they were on the floor, did the trick most of the time.The gun design is very intriguing, reminiscent of the weaponry in the film Videodrome. But firing the guns was mildly disappointing, to say the least: they have the same kind of effect as a child's popgun, both in terms of haptic feedback, sound and damage done to enemies. And they break after firing them about 4 times. I decided to stick to fists and feet.I didn't play for long, but during the time I did, I didn't have a clue what was going on. Working out where to go next seemed next to impossible, and I got around mainly by chance. I wasn't really sure who anyone was, who I was, where I was, or where I was supposed to be going. The dialogue didn't help: it is extraordinarily difficult to follow, obtuse, bizarre, and poorly translated, with the quality of subtitles from a Chinese martial arts film translated by someone who speaks English as a second language. But charming nonetheless. I didn't play the first Zeno Clash, but I get the feeling that if I had, I would still not have a clue what was going on.Despite all these flaws, I found it entertaining for an hour or so. The experience of playing it is kind of like being inside one of those avant garde Czech animations you sometimes see on TV at 3am, but with fighting."
,Recommended,215690,176088,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Adrian,"Play the original first, but BUY THIS GAME.http://games.on.net/2013/05/zeno-clash-2-reviewed-you-cant-go-home-again/"
76561198002986817,Recommended,215690,11615121,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Phantom Virus,An amazing sequal to the first game! This delivers everything that a sequal should do. The first was a fun fisticuffs game with a unique mysterious world. In two the world is revealed as you can explore it to your liesure open world style. The story carries over but gets better as the player progresses with some really awesome momemts. The fights are just as good though I personally was not as good at it as I was in the previous game but the new items and weapons they added are a ton of fun. If you enjoyed the first classs then I can guarentee you will really love the sequal!
,Recommended,215690,10722988,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Prongblongaman,"You punch people in the face, a lot. Sometimes you use your fists, sometimes it's an object. Unfortunately, you only punch people for a short amount of time due to the 4 hour story."
,Recommended,215690,10617299,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cthulhu's Gribbly Monocle,"There really isn't a whole lot to say about Zeno Clash 2 that you couldn't say about the first. It's simply a continuation of the story involving the Golem and FatherMother. Combat is the same, weapons are the same."
76561198086679404,Recommended,215690,12592289,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Chris,"Purchased this game to play coop with my wife. Great game and great atmosphere, and I love the character designs but there were problems.Problems that mainly related to the coop aspect of the game. The second player kept getting bugs with their controls, ranging from being stuck in place even though they were able to move on my screen, to not being able to block.Despite these issues, the game is still great fun with awesome combat to beautiful design choices.It is just a shame that coop is so hard to get working."
76561198024243254,Recommended,215690,12222278,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,FigaroMoscow,first person fist prehistoric mortal combat
,Recommended,215690,11172866,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Infen Zenex,"A stunning sequel to a fantastic game.Zeno Clash 2 takes the land that you started learning about in Zeno Clash and stitches it all together to make it an open world. You can feel so much more connected to Zenozoik with the ability to freely travel around and explore. The battle system has been overhauled to make it much more interesting. The story is expanded massively, showing that Zeno Clash was just the tip of an iceberg. The new weapons are very unconventional, which makes them extremely interesting. I am so sick of assault rifles, but I digress. The characters feel unique and interesting. Characters from ZC1 come back in higher definition, with tons of new friends. Even the non-speaking denizens of Halstedom are still in place, keeping the feel of the first game. The music is incredible. It does an outstanding job of conveying the surrealism of the world you're exploring as an uncivilized, misplaced protagonist who is learning more about the world than any of his equals could begin to fathom. Massively recommended.Shame that Rimat's lines were recorded in a bathroom though. Also I miss Deadra's old voice, and it was a little jarring to be without her for so much of the story, considering she was a central plot-mover in ZC1. It kinda felt like taking Alyx away from me if I was playing HL2."
,Recommended,215690,2214782,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,pocketlint60,"Zeno Clash 2 has some of the worst level design I have ever seen. It's built on contrivance and archaic devices, like the always infamous unstoppable knee-high walls and all that crap. It just might be the worst open world of all time. That being said, the contents of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ world ROCK. Tight combat mechanics, a shockingly intricate and interesting story, crazy-go-nuts-amazing art direction, great music, and wonderful animation abound. If you loved Zeno Clash, you'll...like Zeno Clash 2 a lot."
,Recommended,215690,10820587,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,PlotTwister,"Great game with great combat mechanics, too bad its has little outside content and little replay value. Anyway its worth the buy just to support a really creative developer team."
,Recommended,215690,13169946,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bishop,"I have mixed feelings about this game. The combat can be fun at times, but at the same time, it can be clunky and unresponive. You can be fighting multiple enemy's at the same time and feel like fighting them all off is a chore. The combat can be fun though.Something that took me by with Zeno Clash 2 is the fact that it has a two player co-op option. I played this with my friend, Max for a few missions and we had our moments. Beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of enemy's together was definetly something worth while.The voice acting in this game could have been better, also. Some of the characters voice actors sound unintrested and bored.Overall I would say this game is pretty solid. Pick it up if you want a decent FPS beat 'em up."
,Recommended,215690,7449279,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Laird IceCubez,One of top Indie titles out there. A non-Tolkien fantasy punk game that does great in terms of story and gameplay.
,Recommended,215690,25171589,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"For some reason I didn't find this as enjoyable as the first release in this series, but its still a very strong game by its own right.The addition of the companion system is neat but I find its reliance on a stat of its own (when you already have so many primary stats to invest in) means you're going to miss a lot of the story unless you intentionally hamper your own character development."
,Recommended,215690,25940009,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Crafekster,"Being a huge fan of the art style and thought put behind it, i can say that Zeno Clash 2 satisfies that hunger even better than Zeno clash 1. But the issue with Zeno clash 2 is the gameplay compared to its original.Alot of the fighting mechanics have been generalized and arent as fast or tactical. You will find one combo and stick with it, while doing anything else is just style points. So if you are planning to play this, have fun kicking and smacking these weirdos. Dont think too much about being effective.It may have lost a sense of accomplishment in its combat, but the game is alot bigger. I do think its the conversion from source engine to Unreal engine.In anycase, it is a fun game but more worthwhile for the world and maybe co-op."
76561197996409864,Recommended,215690,1683554,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Torchfire,"Great game. Excellent first person brawler, good story, also has a distinctive art style and very unique characters. Also, it's much longer than the first game and not entirely linear.An incredibly well made game, considering that the entire development team was only 15 people."
,Recommended,215690,553205,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Zakki Arachnopolis,"A big improvement over the first game in terms of gameplay, Zeno Clash II continues the story of Zeno Clash while expanding upon the universe in which it takes place.  A first-person brawler, ZCII has the player punching out savages while enlisting the help of those he fought in the first game.  The architecture is beautiful, the weapon designs are exotic and the music is superb.  If you don't buy and play both games you are a bad person and I wish not to speak with you."
76561197989569642,Recommended,215690,1223918,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Fuze,"As completely 'off ' and bizzare as the first game! (I would definitely say you have to play the first game or this will leave you lost!)Some of the most spectacular landscapes I've seen in a game, like dreamscapes from an artists fantasy.The combat is mostly button bashing fist-cuffs, but always entertaining enough :)The story is as weird as the first but on a far grander, question answering scale, with some great twists to the tale.Well worth a few hours of your time :D"
,Recommended,215690,11095589,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,CrazyB,"I really enjoyed Zeno Clash 1, as it had great game play and interesting visuals. Zeno Clash 2 picks up where Zeno Clash 1 left off, which could leave a lot of players confused about all the characters. I liked the fact they expanded the world, but adding in the ally and RPG system added complication to what I found to be the streamlined value of the first. Worth playing if you enjoyed the first, but wish they took this in a little different direction than they did."
76561197984502335,Recommended,215690,1017714,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,kenshiro,"n achete pas ce jeux nul lent rien a faire,si marche a si 1 combat  decor vide et le pompon cavier marche pas."
,Recommended,215690,10206787,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,Punching even more aliens in the face is still fun.Buy it!
,Recommended,215690,11841594,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,MoistBanjo,ehhh i really wish it had windows 8 support
76561198043340979,Recommended,215690,12678924,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Asphodel,"Truly something beautiful, bizarre, and wonderful to behold; the Zenoclash games are a real beat-em-up delight. Its rare to see a third-person brawler this engaging. The world is so surreal and dreamlike that its easy to get lost in the details. Its a little difficult to get started control-wise, but after a little practice, it is easily second-nature. I highly reccomend this for anyone wanting to experience a real adventure while experiencing something new and definately odd."
76561198019527725,Recommended,215690,22489397,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Phantom Renegade,This game is mad
,Recommended,215690,22598974,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineZeno Clash 2 is the sequel to the original weird game of the same name Zeno Clash, it's one of those games that is weird and unique in it's own way. Zeno Clash 2 is developed by ACE Team, the same people behind the wonderful rock game Rock of Ages and the first Zeno Clash game and published by ATLUS, the original game was developed with Valve's Source engine, this time, the sequel was developed on the Unreal Engine 3The story continues right after Zeno Clash, so people who are playing this before the first game may get a bit confused, thankfully there is a prologue that tells you the story so far, I'm not going to explain the story to avoid any spoilers from the first game. The story as the same as the first game isn't the best but get's the job done, however the story is way more boring than the first game in my opinionThe game's graphics are wonderful and are greatly improved from the first game, obviously due to game engine changes. Weird and creepy but magnificent and unique. All the environments, characters and enemies are unique in their own way althought people like me who have played the first game will know all the creepy and weird characters from the first gameThe music and sound are also top notch, very well composed. The only thing I would complain about is the combat and gunplay. It's way more awkward and hard to fight enemies, plus you get hit from all sides which if you're own low health, you'd be dead in an instant, also, whilst fighting you focus on one enemy and that enemy only, and if you need to move away to find some health you can't...Another thing I would complain about is the FOV, now thankfully I do not suffer with motion sickness but good god is the FOV really bad in this game, the camera is too zoomed in and you can't see anything surrounding you, thankfully there is an FOV wide option which gives you a wider view, however, Ghat's body does clip through sometimes, another thing I'd complain about is the length, it's short, just as the same as Zeno Clash, and I finished the game in one whole sitting. If it were a bit longer I wouldn't have complained about the length, but maybe it's a good thingI'd also recommend turning subtitles on, because volume levels are all over the place, some characters voices you can hear just fine whereas others you can't, also there are many more creatures talking in this game so you won't understand most of the gibberish that comes out of there mouths without having subtitles on. Plus the voice acting is not as good as the first game, the side characters voice acting is bad and some of the main characters make a return from the first game but sounded like they didn't care in voicing this game...Zeno Clash 2 is not as good as Zeno Clash, there are a lot of problems with this one that the first game did not even have and this game had a better game engine then its predecessor, however Zeno Clash 2 gets the job done and I'd recommend it to people who finished the first game and want to know what happens afterRECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,215690,22350676,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Evill Bob,Wanna see something friggin' wierd? Here's a first person brawler for you.
,Recommended,215690,21617440,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,他媽的,Flaw: Resolution won't change9.9/10
,Recommended,215690,21860547,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.",not as good as the first one but still great fun punching and now shooting animals in the face
,Recommended,215690,31383669,Posted: 26 April,all,sex✞bishop,"If you liked the first game, you'll like this one too - it pushes the story way forward and you don't want to miss it; for everyone else:Not often do you get a game with a world so quirky, yet well defined. The fighting system needs some time to get used too, but once you'll find your sweet spot and your way to dispatch Zenos, you'll really enjoy it. It is kinda unorthodox in a few design choices (I still don't know what the yellow energy bar was for; and those one-time use only, never know what you'll get, clams) and you have to really explore this strange world on your own (map is really basic), but oh man, in the end it's so worth it.Also: start with the first game. It's more linear and simple, but still fun to play."
,Recommended,215690,1758506,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,tagenar,"[I recently a got a new computer, so now I can run this game properly.  This is an update to my previous review.]The first Zeno Clash is a quirky, surreal, boss-brawling game.  It's like Street Fighter 2 in 3D.  It has just enough story to keep it interesting, the fighting is solid and satisfying, and the world it creates is bizarre and cool in its own way.My only complaints with the first game were how repetitive it got, and the difficulty of fighting multiple foes at once.  The development team must have listened to feedback like that because Zeno Clash 2 corrects those issues.  Game 1 was boss fight after boss fight after boss fight, and it became tiresome (though it made for a delightfully intense experience).  Game two takes a more open-world approach.  Instead of being on a single path and stopping to fight everyone on it, now you have a whole world in which to wander.But I can't call it ""open world"" gameplay.  An open world has other places to visit, other people to meet and talk to, other stories to find.  Zeno Clash 2 doesn't have as much of that as it should for how large the game world is.  That is a little disappointing, but it is still a much needed break from the constant boss fighting of the first game.  Now those fights are spaced out with some exploration.There are other things to find in the world, though, and they are worth the effort to look around and explore every nook and cranny.  Once I figured out what the cubes were for, it gave me something else to accomplish, and I wasn't disappointed when I found out what happened when I had all eight cubes.Zeno Clash 2 has something the first game only implied: a story!  The story is a little tricky to get into at first.  Character motivation is a problem because it's not obvious why Ghat is breaking Father-Mother out of jail.  After all that fuss in the first game discovering what Father-Mother really is, now they want him/her back?!It does become clearer as the game progresses, and it all ties to who these people are, what Zenozoik is, and why everyone in it is fighting all the time.  Yes, the game's core mechanic (brawling) is part of the story, and it's a clever way to justify it.  It may be lost on a lot of players because it does require understanding events from an unusual point of view.  For example, the Golem is trying to bring law and order to the world, so players who aren't into this world will wonder why the people of Zenozoik would be against it.  It requires you to think about it from their point of view: law and order makes no sense when you can just fight out your troubles yourself.  These are primitive, uncivilized people.  To them, law and fairness is the chaos they must resist.  Making the story take place from that point of view is refreshing, and it takes effort to understand.When I first played the game, I foolishly didn't think to check the system requirements before buying it.  I figured Zeno Clash 1 ran perfectly, so the sequel would also run!  Wrong.  New game engine, and my computer wasn't strong enough to handle it.  I had to run the game on the lowest possible settings, and even then it barely ran.  Now I have an appropriate computer, and playing it again is like playing it for the first time.  The environment is gorgeous, and it is much easier to string combos together now that my computer is fast enough to render the game properly.Zeno Clash 2 doesn't rely so heavily on brawling.  In the first game, it's all you did.  This time the guns do more damage, you have secondary weapons, and you can run and turn at the same time!  Plus, it's open world, so you can run away from the fights to find health and weapons, and sometimes leave the area entirely.  Finally, you can have up to two allies fighting with you!  There are more options for how to play the game, which gives it more appeal than the first.For me, the story is what saves Zeno Clash 1 and 2.  We get to know who the people of Zenozoik are in the sequel, and why they're here.  We finally learn who the Golem is, who those shadow things are, and what their purpose is.  All the stuff missing from the first game is here, and it's a very well-done story told in an interesting and surreal way.(Side note: I noticed the resemblance to the Wizard of Oz in the mountains level, and just minutes later, the game makes a self-conscious joke about it.  Perfect timing.)I can understand people's issues with the story, since it does require a stretch to understand.  It could have been told in a much stronger way, but it's a game, so development is always geared towards gameplay.  I would have liked more places to visit besides the objectives, too.  What we have here could have been better, but it's still good and fun, the story makes sense, and it fleshes out the world into a fascinating and unique place.If you haven't played the first Zeno Clash game, you're not going to understand the second.  It tries to bring new players up to speed in the tutorial, but it's not enough; you must play the first game to enjoy the second.  Zeno Clash and Zeno Clash 2 are underrated gems showing what a relatively small team can do with story and gameplay.  I hope we revisit this world someday because I want to see more of it."
