user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,215670,12398912,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Meaningful Hog,"Home is an intensely unsatisfying experience, because at the end it feels like the developer didn't actually have any idea what the plot was about himself.The gameplay mostly consists of walking around and finding vague, uninteresting clues to hint towards what's actually going on, as well as some very simple, very easily solvable puzzles. The focal point of the game comes at the end, wherein you're brought to a place where the clues of the game start adding up, forming the hints that start showing the big picture of what has happened.The problem with this is that the game's ending clues are determined by your seemingly arbitrary actions and choices. Even worse, the changes that are possible barely even change what the game's purported ending is supposed to be. To top it off, at the end, you're actually directed to an online forum where you're encouraged to share your ending and what you think it meant.This makes it feel like the game doesn't actually have any story at all. Nothing is resolved, nothing is explained, the game literally just gives you a few hints and goes ""hey you figure out the plot, because I sure as hell am not."" It doesn't feel smart or creative at all, it just feels lazy, like the dev wanted to make a game that has lots of interesting symbolism but isn't nearly creative enough to write anything interesting. If I'm just supposed to use my head and think up something myself, I see no reason to pay some pretentious dev money to do so."
,Not Recommended,215670,9566444,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,emugod,"The real horror would be if this weren't a parody/prank/troll game. Please tell me it isn't so!To sum it up; nothing happens. The entire game. Nothing. I could understand the notion of 'interactive sotrytelling', if it were actually a story. But stories need to have things like plot, themes, characters, conflict and resolution. This has nothing.You awake in a strange place and attempt to make your way home. Along the way you make some grisly discoveries, some of which are optional, and the game seems to be building quite an interesting little intrigue. But then in the climax and conclusion, not only is nothing revealed, but it becomes clear there is no possible conclusion to be reached.The first time through, I chocked it up as a failure; thinking this must be a kind of puzzle game, where you must take the proper course of actions to experience all that you should, and discover the truth by the end. There is even a small teaser at the end, seemingly intended to be interpreted this way. However, with subsequent playthroughs and some research online, the truth is revealed; this isn't an experiment in narrative. It's an experiment in not having a narrative."
,Recommended,215670,14426208,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,♥Countess Heartcall™,"Conditional recommendation. And it's pretty cheap.If you love those random story generator things, and mad libs, you'll probably like this game. If you love watching people and trying to make up wild stories about them from their clothes and mannerisms, you'll probably like this game. If you can look at a pile of action figures and dolls and make up a story about how they came to be lying on the floor in the exact poses they're in, you'll probably like this game.Otherwise, don't get it. The plot is basically non-existent unless you actively try and make it up yourself as you go along."
76561198054779079,Recommended,215670,8569788,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,John Spaztic,"Welcome home, from the bottom of my heart... - Dave Dobbyn, Welcome HomeTHE GOODHome is a unique type of horror game. Focusing more on psychological horror and the fear of the unknown rather than explicit violence and disturbing visuals, Home draws you in with an mysterious if not interesting story which puts you in a house that isn't yours. The ambiguity is executed well but Home shoots itself in the foot by having Home TOO ambiguous and leaves you in the dark for no apparent reason. It also doesn't really give you any indication wheather or not walking through a specific door or interacting with a certain object will lead to you ending your time inside one of many houses, but this could be seen as a positive as it has multiple endings for multiple playthroughs.THE GREATThe atmosphere is so thick you could shoot at it and the bullet would get stuck. An eriee feeling persists for the entire game (Which previously mentioned isn't very long) and all throughout all playthroughs. Some of the events are unerving and give of a foreboding feeling as if someone, or something, is about to chase you through this pixelated nightmare. A climatic ending would've been satifying but would've also broken the flow, at least it would've for my playthrough.THE UGLYThis game is ambiguous to the point of being frustrating. Some of the options which lead to the end of the current house you are in aren't obvious which mean you have to replay the game up to that point just so that you can figure out what is happening. And about the ending, although it's not too climatic some closure would've been nice at least. Instead I was left with several murders unsolved, a bloodied knife, a recently fired gun, a bad leg and absolutely no clue of what had happened or how to figure out what had happened unless I replayed it again, and again, and again....Similar to Dear Esther, there's very little gameplay and an eriee feel to it all and some may hesitate to call this a game at all.THE VERDICTIf it were any more expensive than $3 then I wouldn't recommend it. There are other games like Lone Survivor which have a lot more to it and may seem more worth your money and time. But for my money and time, Home is an experience which is not terrible but still a way better game than Amy ever was.SIMILAR GAMES-Lone Survivor, in more ways than one-Dear Esther. What is it with indie games and an atmosphere so thick you can wrap yourself in it?For more reviews check outhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/truereview"
,Recommended,215670,5308254,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,im dmg,"Home is a uniquely told story where your simple decisions affect how the plot of the game unfolds...or it seems. We start with our nameless protagonist in an unknown house in the middle of the night with no memories how or why he got there. The story gets more interesting when he finds a dead body in the next room.The most engaging aspects of this game are how the story is told and the atmosphere. First, the story is never complete. As you make your way from the house to your home you can find clues about the events that have happened and piece together the murders. How much you find and how much you progress in being 'Sherlock' is completely up to the player. This ambiguity is the most sparkling and the most trembling part of the game at the same time. The conclusion of the game will vary based on what  you discovered and what choices you have made throughout the game. This undoubtedly will leave many frustrated and with a lot of questions after finishing the game. In this case a replay of the game is needed, but unfortunately it might not bring the resolutions players want to see.While the graphics and the music (there is no music) aren't the strongest parts of the game, the atmosphere is. It is highly recommended to play this game in one sitting, at night, with headphones on. The crackling  wood, loud thunders, footsteps with the visuals will pull the player in searching for answers. You will never be frightened, but you will always be wondering: ""what's in this next room?""Home is a very special meta-game, where its uniqueness derive from not what's happening on screen, but what is in the mind of the player. The story of the game might not get complete after several playthrough, because the events of the game have already happened, the murders too. It is not really important what happened, the important thing is how much you know about it and the ultimate goal is to know everything of course.Rating: 72/100; Replay Value: 4/5; To Beat: 1-1.5 hours; Played on: -"
76561197996889569,Recommended,215670,7818427,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Mighty Puzz,"GET. THIS. GAME. Especially on sale.  You will buy silly little apps for your phone that you will use once and never turn on again that will cost more than this and give you NOTHING. This game must be played with headphones on, at night, when you know you won't be disturbed.It's brief, but somehow that plays right into the charm. This adventure will make you feel like you've been sitting at your desk for hours, and it's only been 30 minutes. You're never sure what's lurking behind the next door, but you know you'll never like it, and you will usually be right.  The atmosphere is amazing.  The sound is perfect. The story is devastating. No two people who play it will interpret it the same way, and that's just fine.  You can discover 50% or 100% of the paths, and it will not detract from how the game is played at all. So satisfying, so discombobulating was this game that after I finished it in one sitting, I've not opened it since.It's not bloody, and it doesn't use cheap scare tactics.  But it thrills you just the same, just like if someone tells you Slenderman is standing behind you.  You know he isn't.  You'll look anyways."
76561198039223152,Not Recommended,215670,12442510,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,josh_cinco,"SPOILER ALERTHere is how I would best describe this game:You wander around a (mostly) abondoned landscape. The audio and visuals are both very compelling in the 8-bit realm that this game occupies. Your character doesn't remember what has happened, only that everyone is dead, and his leg hurts. You are searching for your wife, and immediately, you are led to believe that the character you control killed her in a drunken stupor. [I am very engaged]You arive at your house having been led to believe that your digital wife cheated on you, and you killed her for it. You are then asked to descibe what happened, based on what you have seen in the game. It concludes with a story of what ""must have happened"" based on your previous responses and actions.... except that the resulting storyline is contradictory and rediculous. Did you find your wifes body? No? Oh, well then she was just a figure of your imagination. Did a former coworker return to town for something? Yes? Well then clearly he was the one sleeping with your wife.Wait... was she made up, or was she real and triffling? Ugh.Best part of this game is it takes about 70 minutes start to finish and cost me $3. Save yourself the time and money.Disappointing."
,Recommended,215670,18964596,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[J7] Dsp21 👻,"It's a bit hard for me to form a certain opinion on Home, while certainly being a very interesting adventure, there's flaws that I can't seem to ignore.You wake up in someplace, and all you find is a flashlight. From here it's up to you to find out what happened. This is the first problem, I surely like games that based themselves in mystery and even those that leave some of the story open to interpretation, but Home relies HEAVILY on that certain aspect. While some people may like that, it sort of irritates me that I cannot find the true explanation of this game. There's 2 ways the story can go, it all depends on what you decide in the basement part of the game, but you have the same 3 endings if you choose one or another because in the end, they're both tragic as hell.The graphical setting of this game, while not being my favorite, it fits Home very well. What I liked about Home is that is relies a lot in describing what's happening with accurate words like when you're reading a book, and that really helps to set the seriously dark atmosphere of the game. And oh boy, what an atmosphere it is! The sounds are great overall (whose may scare if you if you're not expecting them!) and the music is almost non-existant but in the last sections it is creepy as hell, which fits the whole situation.Don't play Home if you're expecting the typical jump scares that seem to be what everyone cares about these days. Home's horror is entirely psychological, with a loud sound here and there but that's it. It's more about exploration than horror really, I wasn't playing this for the horror, but to reveal the truth in the whole plot. This is what led me to be a bit disappointed towards the end, because while being a very good story and all, it doesn't have a real ending. You're the one who makes up the ending, and I'm terrible at that to be honest. Now there is something that I think it MAY reveal which of the ""ways"" the game goes for the endings is the real one, based on the letter that is inside the safe located in the character's house. Again, it's really hard to talk about this without any spoilers so... moving on...Yes, I was going I bit off-topic with the whole non-conclusive story, Home offers a great hour and a half of mystery and lots of blood and death. It may be worth the price of 2 euro, I'd say yes if you're gonna hunt the achievements (they help you discover the ways the story may go, which I missed on my very first playthrough since there were no 'guidelines').Although being very good, it's lacking some things, maybe a bit more story development, and not being so vague about it. Again I do say, it's one of those 'games', there's not much to it than walking around, inspecting objects and saying Yes / No to certain things, some people hate that, but I like it when a game is interesting enough, in whice Home did not fail me at all.Final Rating: 7/10"
76561198026872065,Recommended,215670,16696468,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DrVaughn,"This game.It's been a while, since I played it the last time, but everytime when I get asked for recommendations for games - this just pops up in my mind. It is no masterpiece, but for what it is, it barely has any flaws.It is short, at times cryptic, at times less engaging than it should be - but it still managed to save itself a spot in my game-related memory. Why? Quite easy actually - I'm a sucker for interesting and novel ways to tell stories. Not just in games, but media in general. Home, however, is a game toying around with the very concept of narration.Is there a clear end to the story? A clear solution? Nah, not really.Is my story gonna be different from my friends story? Is he gonna play the same game, but get a different vibe, a different conclusion so to say? Yep, most definitely.In the beginning we all get the same set of jigsaw pieces, but we will transform them, cut them, add to them and put them together in the way we like to do - and there is gonna be a picture, that works for us - maybe only for us. And that's basically the whole kicker to ""Home"". The gameplay is simple, the graphics are simple (yet fitting) and the sound design is mostly basic, but convincing. It does the theme justice. And the story - for all it is - is quite simple as well, yet intriguing and novel in execution.The game does not say: ""There you go - this is it. You figured it out, bro."" And this is what I like and what others may despise.My recommendation: Try it, give it that well deserved one-hour ride and see where it takes you. You might be enjoying what your mind is developing along the way."
,Not Recommended,215670,18009615,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Audish,"I think anyone who's ever played a video game has wished at some point to have some real impact on the story. That's why we make such big deals about morality systems and multiple endings, to feel like we actually have some agency in our pre-programmed experience. Home offers just that, the ability to shape the story through your actions, and decide the outcome.It's just so boring you won't even care.I don't want to get into too much detail about the gameplay because honestly, if you know nothing about the game and can immerse yourself in the experience, it's pretty effective the first time. The atmosphere is appropriately mysterious and oppressive, and there are a number of unsettling things to uncover. And there are a few scares to be had, but they're all just loud noise jumpscares that the game does not earn in the least. Aside from that, it's really just a low-res walking simulator. You walk right, you walk left, you go through doors and holes in fences and up stairs and down stairs, and you look at things. There's a lot of reading. A LOT.The variable elements of the story are based on what points of interest you actually examine during the game, and your responses to several Y/N choices upon finding certain things. At the very end there's a final sequence of Y/N questions that, unfortunately, kind of blows the entire premise. The first one has a right and wrong answer, and the wrong answer gets you a super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""I have no idea"" ending. The questions after that affect your own fate, but in terms of the overall story just give you a super vague rundown of how certain characters might be involved. I've played through a couple times, and if there's a way to get a more satisfying ending out of it I haven't found it.If you've got it in your backlog you might as well give it a chance, but outside of the decent atmosphere it falls pretty flat as both a game and an experience."
76561198065213113,Not Recommended,215670,9306846,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,icyhotTacos,"The only reason to buy this game is its cheap price. However, just because it's cheap doesn't mean it's good.First things first, this game is not scary. At first Home feels eerie, but you'll soon come to realize that there is absolutely no threat in this game. Like, at all. There is absolutely nothing out there that can hurt you. The only time I ever got scared while playing Home was because one of the sound effects was way too loud. Other than that, there is nothing that should even remotely scare you in the game.Home is basically a game where you walk around, pick up stuff, and read in-game text. To mix things up, there are also a couple of puzzles that are fairly easy to solve. Home ends in various ways depending on what you do and what items you pick up throughout the game. So if you pick up weapons thinking that you might encounter some threat, you're going to get an ending that you probably don't want.And speaking of endings, they're dumb. I'm not going to reveal my ending, but mine just didn't even make sense. I literally facepalmed and shook my head after only ""playing"" the game for an hour, beating it, and then getting that ending. After this  happened, I decided to go out and read other people's endings to see if they were as bad as mine. They too, are dumb. Every ending I read either didn't make sense or was just straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Or both.Just doing one simple thing can get you a dramatically different ending. This is usually a good thing for games with different endings, but the differences in Home are WAY too huge. They're night and day type differences for some choices. Usually for an ending to be so different you have to do a lot different from your previous playthrough. In Home, however, one change in the right spot completely alters the ending. Some people might play through the game a few times just to see what endings you get, but I usually don't do that. Reading suffices.Personally, I was fine with paying a few bucks for something so dumb. I'll play anything, and I would actually recommend getting this if you're bored as crap and want something dumb to play for an hour. But if you're a serious gamer that wants something good for the money, don't get it."
,Recommended,215670,12728452,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,BOBO-COCK,"Nice horror game.You play as some guy waking up in a place he doesn't know and tries to understand what happened in the past few hours.The pixalised graphics are ok, but would probably look better if the game wasn't totaly fullscreen.The best thing about this game is the way the story is narated by the character you control, and that what you do / choose can modify your character's thoughts and naration.Some moments are a bit annoying at first, since you want to explore everything and wonder what you missed, sometimes there's different paths and as soon as you choose one you're stuck in that direction.But in the end that's how you end up with your own version of the story, and own opinion about what happened.At the end, the game even lets you share how you interprete the story online, and can compare to what others have thought.Not really a scrary game, but an original experience for sure."
,Not Recommended,215670,25239790,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tejan,"Home is a weird game.It has an excellently creepy atmosphere, I'd say this game, for the first few minutes, feels more creepy than most horror games I've played. That is sadly where the upsides to the game end though.My issues with this game come from a few points. You quickly realize that you're alone in the game so there's nothing to fear. That wouldn't be an issue if the game's story was suitably scary and that's where the core of the game falls apart. The game is walk to the other end of the screen, interact with anything glowing, and then read the text. Now depending on what you interact with and how you answer questions, the story changes, but ultimately it ends withyou finding your wife dead and you decide whether you killed her or someone else did.That's the biggest miss for me, if the game stuck to one storyline and worked on it a bit more then maybe it could have worked out better. It could have been the drunkard husband waking up from a hard night and needing to come to terms with his rampage, it could have been a jealous friend that tried to ruin your marriage, but instead the game decides to leave all it's plot threads hanging and even encourages you to post about what you thought the game was about. That's the sign of lazy writing, when you force people to write the ending for you."
76561198062188853,Not Recommended,215670,12921710,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,RoboRob,"I bought Home at the same time I bought Lone Survivor when they were both on sale. Lone Survivor was good, Home not so much. Once you start Home, the game informs you that it is best played in a dark room while wearing headphones and that it should only take an hour or so to beat. Suitably prepared for jump scares after the recomendation to use headphones, I dawned them and turned off the lights.You begin by waking up in a strage house with no memory of the events prior to falling asleep, so far so standard. After stumbling around the house looking at things, the game's first piece of horror comes in the form of a door slamming somewhere in the house. This did startle me and now made me feel unsafe in what I had hought was an empty house. For about the next twenty minutes the game makes me feel tense. The sudden noises and clostrophobic amount of light you have to see by do well to create a sense of atmosphere and tension.However, this didn't last. Around the thrid time hearing a noise I was on the edge of my seat; expecting something to leap out and tear my face off any second. By the eigth time I heard a noise, I realized 'any second' wasn't ever going to come. All too soon I realized that all the game had up its sleeve were noises, creating the illusion of being stalked by something that never shows up. Indeed nothing much happens at all in this game.Starting from the most generic opening, the game never solidifies. You are searching for a way out of you initial location and get home to your wife, stumbling through the wake of some monster or killer that is presumably present. Along the way you come across a bunch of seemingly unconnected murder victims and personal effects of your wife, all of it remaining a huge mystery up until the end. But instead of there actually being any form of resolution the game down right expects you to choose your twist ending; blatantly asking you which twist is the one that happens. Then you must choose how you rationalize the events with the ending you chose. This ends up creating a jumbled mess of meaningless atempts at symbolism and rendering pointless any build-up you might have felt as you are forced to choose the meaning behind every mystery in the game.Admittedly I missed one or two things. I never found out what was on the tape and I missed one or two rooms in the factory because I didn't realize the door that required a key card would lock behind me and force me to exit the level. But I don't feel like any of that would have helped. Even if the game weren't a pile of random environments and situations that might be considered spooky, anything they might have lended to the plot would all be rendered meaningless by choosing your ending anyway. All in all, both the horror and the story held no weight and left me feeling let down."
,Not Recommended,215670,14555601,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,80oz Pony Bottle,"It is an interesting idea but I think I have to say not worth a buy. Really short and  doesn't have as much meaning as it thinks it has. Still quite well done, just flawed I think."
,Not Recommended,215670,10772234,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Colin - Amish Cyberbully,"The pitch of this game was admirable.  The execution gives a plotline that's a congealed mess of contradictory events, plot holes, inconsistancies and general nonsense.  The price is about right, but to quote one of the philosophers of our age ""Ain nobody got TIME fo' dat!"""
,Recommended,215670,15313624,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,DirtyHarry,"This was a fun little diversion. i think it is important to think of it as being a throwback to an era where games required a little more imagination to enjoy than they do today for the most part. That's not a put down of either old or new games, just an observation that I think applies to this one in particular.Some may feel it is laziness to leave so much to the imagination with the game's story but I found that a nice contrast to games that spoon feed you endings that often leave a lot to be desired. Of course, you may feel not being provided with a nice tidy well explained story leaves a lot to be desired but with this game it is on purpose. It is part of the design. Either you will appreciate this or not but it is what it is. I liked it myself.This game struck me as more of a mystery with horror elements. This isn't a jump scares kind of experience at all. With the right mindset though, there is a bit of tension at times as you wonder what is going on or what might happen where you are about to go next.If the above sounds interesting or appealing to you, my guess is you'll like it. Otherwise the above will have told you by now why you probably would not."
,Not Recommended,215670,7789802,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,omgggg clarissa,"Successfully atmospheric, but I felt like I wasted 90 minutes by the time I finished it though. Nothing really ""happens""."
,Not Recommended,215670,9156430,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,The Snee,"What could, and really should be an intriguning and atmospheric adventure through the tatters of a poor, confused man's life is marred by technical issues, poor execution, and a tired, cliche story that never fully resolves itself.Defaulting to controller with no options menu, the questionable decision to use down on the analog stick to advance dialog makes it painfully easy to skip important text. Given the way that the text slowly and agonising reveals mundane details about uninmportant objects, this may have been a blessing in disguise.""Atmosphere"" in this sense pretty much comes down to two things: It's dark so you have to use a flashlight, and there's a noise filter. Occaisionally music or ambient sound will help a little and it is usually to signify something that should be important and horrifying. Partially due to the presentation and your character's narration, events fail to have significant impact beyond ""oh, okay then"". I spent the whole game waiting for it to start in earnest.The story itself, and its ""big reveal"" is pretty obvious from the offset. I missed a few clues here and there due to the previously mentioned text issues, or one way doors that inform you that you have missed something and yet prevent you from returning. At the end, you are basically given the option to let things play out in the way you expect, or to have the horrible reveal simply not be there. This might have been a good element if it weren't for the fact that when choosing this option the plot simply does not resolve itself; the character is content simply to say ""there are still unanswered questions"" Maybe picking different options will give a more satsifying conclusion, but I have no desire to replay it.Home is very short, which is not something I consider to be a negative, especially when telling a short story with replayable elements. Even at its advertised playtime of 1.5 hours, Home outstayed its welcome. Puzzles that involved using things over and over until they click, mazes, and ""hunt the progression ball"" made the entire thing a dull slog to an underwhelming end.If you want a short, atmospheric horror game, play Serena, or Justine, the free story for Amnesia: the Dark Decent. If you want a 2d pixel horror, play Lone Survivor. As it stands, I cannot reccomend Home. It is a dissapointing waste of potential."
,Recommended,215670,12747167,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Glowbear,"I played Home last year and found it to be subtly creepy and maintain an intriguing story. I've replayed it and it still holds that spooky atmosphere and can see myself, coming back to it when I want a quick spooky game, in another years time.For something that is basic in the graphical department, it nevertheless is splattered with details you notice, like a creepy pair of eyes staring at you in the woods. The sound is very well done, especially that added little ""leg limping"" bit. It's easy to continue playing until you reach the ending, which can take just 1hr in a sitting."
,Recommended,215670,10811618,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Th4ts_iT,"I like this game.It's short but it builds up a nice horror-like atmosphere.Additionally, you can play it several times because you can do things differently every run.You just have to know that ""Home"" is like a story that you go through and not a real game.Nevertheless, for the price and my small expectations this game is totally alright."
,Not Recommended,215670,7818006,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Ashes,"This game has a lot of things going for it which makes it good. Atmospheric, keeps you on edge and the old school graphics are really neat. I loved the idea that only a small part of the screen is lighted, to add to the already creepy mood. I'm an easily spooked person and scared of the dark, so my imagination went haywire.The problem though is that the game literally hands you a notebook and says ""Here, write something down"". You walk around, trying to piece the story together and basically depending on what you answer, your character will think that is exactly what happens. But there doesn't really seem to be any consequences or rewards to it. So technically, the game could end in many different ways, but when you've played it once, then you'll already know all the other options.Once you realize this, the game becomes a huge let down. I played it to find out the story, not just answer Yes or No to a couple of questions and then basically write a story myself. Everything is also thought out in a ""That probably happened.."" and ""I probably did that..."", which makes the answers in general seem like nothing really did happen.I guess the game is supposed to be thought provoking like the movie ""The Blair Witch Project"", and personally I don't like such stories. I want a solid story which you can follow, not just things that happen and then you have to make up your own mind as to what -really- happened in the end."
,Recommended,215670,19372348,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Vic=HKC=,"When I played Home for the first time, I was intrigued by this little game where you have no memory of the hours that preceded your waking up and where you're trying to recontitue the story. In the end, depending on what you uncovered, your character recalled all your path. Between several bodies, an apparent serial killer lurking around and strolls through sewers, cave, forest or the plant where you worked, Home was made to experience several stories in an atmosphere of horror.Indeed, the goal isn't really to scare the player (though some sounds are unexpected) but to let him imagine the worst and to wait for something or someone appearing suddenly. It's kinda psychological: will you look under rags and decide if it's your wife or not? Do you want to see the reality or not?Home is mainly going from a room to another to collect things (or not if you don't want to include some parts in the story). You can also jump down or find another way around: in that case, you will advance at the same speed than with a leg that hurts. There are some occasional puzzles: find a switch to open a door, turn valves or restablish some power for example.The game is made to look like a retro one, which is something that I like because it's giving also a particular ambiance and less scary than 3D stuff. The soundtrack is composed of only ambient sounds: winds, cave echoes, doors, etc... It is sufficient.Why did I play it again so as I've played it in 2014? When I was looking at my library, I kinda thought that I didn't play it. I saw achievements not unlocked with 79 minutes of playing and looked at the news. They were added the 6th november 2015. Well, it's a nice discovering, prompting me to reinstall the game and to play it again.... with the controller too. The commands are smooth with it....In the end, Home gained a new interest with achievements, even if I reviewed it earlier, it would have still been a thumb up. If you like games like that (not many scares, ambiance leading you to ask if your character is sane, retro graphics), go for it. It's really a little gem."
,Recommended,215670,32647284,Posted: 22 June,all,Taoist Fury,"Simple, quick, and quirky.Buy it on sale and you should not regret your purchase."
,Recommended,215670,8225843,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MrColdFire,"This game is a MUST if you like Mystery and Adventure games! Though for the price of it, it's not worth it so I suggest you got it on any sale (Usually the game is less then 1 Euro at that time).The game's story is very interesting due alot of diffrent events happening, as the game creator says in the game, you should use headphones ,play in the dark AND PLAY IT ALL AT ONCE!!! Yes all at once, no breaks , It's like an hour long (Took me 66 minutes to complete , Explored everywhere and found everything) so it shouldn't really take you long to finish.So this end's the review of Home.I give it a 9/10.Really recommended for Adventure and Mystery game lovers."
76561198008361598,Recommended,215670,28789152,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MaY.Firin,"I was surprised to see that Home got mixed reviews here on steam. I read some of the negative reviews and I am honestly not sure if we played the same game. Stale gameplay? Confusing narrative? Limited scope?Home is one of the best indie horror games I have yet played. I like pixel graphics, but I was sceptical if a pixelated game could create a dense and frightening atmosphere needed for a horror game.It did.The game is short. It is kind of the whole deal. You are trying to get home and figure out what happened in the last couple of hours. The tension while you slowly uncover the last night piece by piece is amazing. The story plays out differently each time and it is cool to see what tiny little decision you made had an impact on the entire story."
,Recommended,215670,8723894,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Joel Island,"Home is not just a game, it is a piece of art. Home is a unique experience that I have yet to witness any other game producing. If you have 1 1/2 hours to kill, spend it playing this game through, and then once you've processed everything that has happened... play it again.The game feeds off your own thoughts, so if you aren't reading closley and paying attention to the details, it won't give you a true 'Home' experience."
,Recommended,215670,1114035,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"""Home"" is a short game about a guy trying to piece his memory together, amidst a horror backdrop.Home is meant to be completed in one sitting, and lasts around 1 hour. The game is pixelly and low res, a style it maintains throughout.The game is very heavy on it's story element, which is actually the only element. It's essentially a dynamic novel.I enjoyed my playthrough of the game, for what it was. My only criticism is that the game does not highlight strongly enough when you are about to pass through an unreturnable gate. When you move from one stage to another, you cannot return, even if you missed vital ""items"" or story elements.This fault led to me accidentally missing all the story from the first section as I unintentionally stumbled over the 2nd section gate. But oh well! Worth a look.Nilesy"
,Not Recommended,215670,29330044,Posted: 17 January,all,saint23thomas,This is the first time I've seen adding achievements to a game noticeably subtract from the overall quality of the experience.
76561198041542407,Not Recommended,215670,13795140,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AnticlimacticParade,"... no deffinate ending leaves the player wondering what happened to the intrigue he felt at the start of the game. The potential was there, which is what made it hurt more when you reach the disatisfying end. Started off great and interesting, had me bored mid-way but still playing because of that initial glimmer of mistery.Felt like a missed opportunity."
,Not Recommended,215670,602036,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Ralewyn,"Sharp audio and visual design create a strong atmosphere that's quickly bogged down under a pretentious, predictable and ultimately boring pile of crap.Any sense of fear vanishes the moment you realize that your avatar isn't in any actual danger in this game in any situation, and that becomes apparent far sooner than it should.With puzzles that are very obviously only there to pad gameplay length and a plot composed primarily of big cliched twists you have a primary example of the kind of indie game that gives indie games a bad name: All style and absolutely no substance.I regret purchasing this."
76561198048974498,Recommended,215670,5389095,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,rjmacready,"Hmmm...genuinely intriguing.I've had a few arguments with friends in recent years about just how ""deep"" one can make a video game story, and I generally take the side that while games have their strengths, they never seem to match the storytelling of the best films, books or comics, and almost always succumb to repetitive mechanics one would never tolerate in a more conventional storytelling medium.This one, however, actually DOES have a compelling story, and for once we have a game where the ""alternate endings"" shtick looks like it may actually prove necessary and truly rewarding, rather than merely gimmicky. Only repeat plays will prove this theory correct, but rest assured, I will be coming back...In short: ♥♥♥♥♥♥, minimalist graphics...check. Short singular playthrough length under three hours...check. But worth the mere $2.99 asking price currently on Steam...hell yes, check! Fascinating, and dark as a mother-♥♥♥♥er. A true ""detective"" story. Definitely recommended.Verdict: 8.5/10."
,Recommended,215670,2218327,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,monsterpancake,"I was disappointed with Home. It's an interesting experiment in the sense that it uses traditional game mechanics to tell a spooky story in a non-traditional way. I just wished the ""game"" aspects were more interesting. I can't say I'm compelled to play through it a second time. I think it would have been more effective and scary if the protagonist did a little less explaining and the mystery sort of unraveled through the gameplay."
76561197965874551,Not Recommended,215670,30640747,Posted: 20 March,all,Kaleroshnikov,"I just can't recommend this. I like the aesthetics and the eerie feel of it all, but the game is just not good. Whenever you find an object or get to a door or something, the character asks you ""did I grab it?"", ""did I open the door?"", and you get the feeling that your decisions will be relevant during the game. At some pointyou can decide if you grab a gun or not, and at some other point, you can get or not get a knife. I thought ""nice; maybe if I grab the gun I'll be charged with a crime, but if I don't I could be assaulted"", and once I had the gun I couldn't care less about the knife so I just didn't grab it.Now guess what: none of my choices were relevant during the game. I suppose the kind of ending you get depend on your grabbing or not grabbing certain things, doing or not doing certain things... but by the time you finish the game you just don't want to go through it again.But here's the most ridiculous thing: you spend the whole gamegoing home to see what happened to your significant other, and when you interact with what seems to be her dead body, the main character asks: ""was it Rachel?"".I DON'T WANT TO DECIDE THIS! Why would I want to decide this? It's one thing to decide if I want to carry an object or open a door, but why in the depths of hell would I want to decide ifthe girl I live with is dead in the basement???At that point (luckily almost the end of the ""game"") I gave up all hopesof using the gun.Plus: it's not a horror game."
,Not Recommended,215670,3744723,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Pharaoh Atem,"Ok cool it's a game with pixel art, but the part they forgot to mention is that it's not actually a horror, and the ""ending"" is abrupt and doesn't explain anything.Don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,215670,1888526,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Toastburner B,"While I don't necessarily want to talk too badly about 'Home', I don't know what good I can say about a game that at the ending screen, the most emotion I could dig up for it was to shrug my shoulders and say ""Eh.""  I thought briefly about playing again to pick up the handful of secrets I missed and to see what would have happened if I made the other choice at the end...but it was a thought I quickly dismissed.  The gameplay itself wasn't engaging enough for me to spend doing the same thing over again in the hopes that something different would happen."
,Not Recommended,215670,7751063,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,HECKa | GTO,An interesting experiment in having a narrative's conclusion be based on what the player found and did. Unforunately it's just too small a game and not terribly exciting to really explore this idea.
,Not Recommended,215670,7987234,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,socksmusicalcat,"Creepy? Yes. Foreboding? Yes. Would I play it again? Nope. A lot of ambiguity and relativism in the storyline (if you can refer to it as such). Definitely has a target audience, and is dirt cheap on sale, but it's not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,215670,11369347,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Genowhirl70,"This game is creepy, not the ""jump-in-your-face-and-go-bloogie-woogie-woo"" creepy, it's the kind of creepy that you get with the minimalistic graphic design and atmospheric ambience that makes you think something is going to happen, but nothing does. Home is a fairly short game that you can complete in one playthrough and probably never touch ever again, but the one time you do play it the experience sticks with you. The story is whatever you want it to be, so in a way it could be as creepy as your imagination can make it.I give Home a 8/10 for terrible replay value, but superb storytelling and sound design."
,Recommended,215670,31031673,Posted: 8 April,all,"Huey ""Slammin'"" Emmerich",For the price and the length it's a good dealNot exactly a horror game. Basically a walking simulator with creepy atmosphere and something of a story.
,Recommended,215670,21578922,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Kral Sumavy,"What an underappreciated little gem of a game! This is a dark, atmospheric horror story that makes you wonder what is happening as you go through it. The playtime is short, but seems adequate to the overall scope of the game. Home tries to tell you a story while making you involved in it, rather than being just a passive recipient. A part of the story is being left to your own judgment and imagination and I like it just the way it is. Definitely a must play for fans of mystery/horror games and literature. A pleasant way to spend an evening.Similar games: Dear Ester, Gone home, Vanishing of Ethan Carter, The Last Door, and The Charnel House Trilogy."
,Recommended,215670,7533550,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Vektorum,"Home: A game where you explore some abanadoned seeming town, starting in some house. Your decisions, only including yes and no, change the story of the game a ton.  It's like life: simple decisions branch far, far off from others. You never know in this game! 4.6/5"
76561197998242037,Recommended,215670,14461302,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Stingy Jack,"This is not a game of visceral horror and jump scares.  It is not a game with a concrete path and definitive ending.  HOME is a game of elegantly simple design that creates a sense creeping, uncertain horror that haunts you after it's over because you are acutely aware of not having all of the answers.  It tells a story, but not by itself.  You, as the player, very directly decide not only what happens in the present, but also what happened in the past.  You choose the paths to trase, items to take, and clues to follow, all the way up until the end where you piece everything together as best you can to tell your own version of this dark tale."
,Recommended,215670,23258206,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SickB,Short but entertaining game.I don´t need every game to bore me for 80+ hours.
,Recommended,215670,13152550,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Angry Otter,"I really liked the concept of this game. No jump scares, but there's a creepiness to it that made it enjoyable, and I like being creeped out more than startled. My only problem with it was that - 100% honest - despite the creepiness I got kinda bored and fell asleep while I was playing it. Though I did wake up a few minutes later and I finished it, so that counts for something, right?"
76561198009430218,Recommended,215670,11467462,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,JacoRay,"Home is an interesting game because the ending is ambiguous. While it may appear that the player character is somehow the killer, he finds various clues on his path home that could indicate otherwise, including video tapes, weapons, blood, his belongings, odd rooms, dead bodies that scatter the forest and town.The player character is mysterious as well as he can't recall waking up in a strange man's home, whom he finds dead. Home is a game about choice, you ultimately decide the ending and that's why it's so ambiguous. It doesn't exactly clarify everything, specifically who the dead man is that you find once you start the game. But other details are cleared up, about Rachel and Norman, and other stuff.While all that is interesting, the game is rather basic. UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT and SPACE are your controls when walking around and looking at clues. The graphics are supposed to resemble retro games from the late 70's early 80's, but the pixels are so big that they're not retro, but are rather odd. The sound is nice and eerie though.Pretty decent game.7.5/10"
76561197980503707,Not Recommended,215670,10276269,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Zaimad,"Ever been to the movies, to watch something you normally wouldn't watch, and at the end said ""Hold up, I need to gather my thoughts.""?Home is an open ended game that, in all aspects, works like a movie. Gameplay seems to be just a linear exploration and interacting with stuff that gets highlighted. You are then prompted for your thoughts on some interactions. You say whatever you want/think about it from the given options.You basically are fed ambiguous information that your mind tries to decrypt. You always have the same basic path to reach the same end-point. And you always have to make one fundamental choice.Without giving any spoiler, since this game is all about the experience, the ending ruins everything. Not because there is an ending, but because basically you answer some relevant questions and are given an akward explanation that goes with whatever you answered. This is crucially flawed, in my opinion, since ""every run will be different"", but not by much: there's one critical event at the very end that is foreshadowed throught the irreversible middle-sections that the narrator uses to conveniently sum up the important things you perceived, and the rest is pretty much meaningless. The ambience is pretty much all this game has going in its favour.Should you pick up the knife on the floor, covered with what appears to be blood? It depends on your current view about yourself, a guy that seems to know very little about himself. Does freeing the rat from the rat trap in any way change the outcome of it all? I don't know, and I don't care enough to find out. Is it that the list of girls you run into twice mean that you murdered them? You can see where this is going. You, the player, are the one that is putting meaning into the things you find. The one and only thing I was curious about while playing the game waswhether or not you did have someone watching you, which would either be your criminal partner or the real killer, and if I decided to have found the dead body at the end would have actually made anything happen relevant to most of my actions through the session, but even that isn't enough to make me want to go through playing the game again. The reason I have 2.1 hours on record is also because when I first played the game there was no autosave mechanism implemented and had to quit at about 40 minutes in because of stuff in the real world; the game is that short.Also, I don't consider this to be a major spoiler, but Home is absolutely titled the way it is because a) you find yourself initially in someone else's, and b) you end the game at yours.The game has a metascore of 69 out of 100: I guess it's a fair value. I personally got Home at a big discount, and I'd advise you to do the same if you really want to play it. If you want something with a little more gameplay and can handle the horror genre, try Lone Survivor since it's an overall better investment."
,Not Recommended,215670,23781454,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tummyache,"I was expecting a game like Lone Survivor, because Lone Survivor was very good and very short.  But I just got a bunch of pointless walking around with a few uninspired puzzles and flavor text.  I guess the game has multiple endings?  I got one ending after an hour and didn't care to slog through again for a different one."
,Not Recommended,215670,13240535,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,ToxicCosmos,"A decent short game with an interesting plot that propels you into searching for clues as to how you wound up where you did and why.This being advertised as a horror game is somewhat misleading... depending on how you define such a game. I was expecting to be afraid, or at the very least to feel on edge. Being the scardey cat that I am, I surprisingly never felt uncomfortable. It was somewhat of a letdown in that respect.What I did like about the game is that while finding clues, your character will sometimes propose questions that basically ask you how he should interpret them. You can make him start to feel guilty, as if he's done something wrong, or you can project that onto other characters. This seemed to play a big role in how your character inevitably decides how to handle what he's discovered, and inevitably deciding how the story will end.Like for many other reviewers, that still didn't feel like enough. You never find out the truth of what happened, only your interpretation based on what you observed. I admit, in retrospect it's clever and almost enough. But I wanted to KNOW what happened; so I was left feeling unsatisfied.I wish I didn't have to give a yes or no recommendation as I could see how some people would enjoy it for the very reasons others don't—and vise versa. I give it an apathetic 'eh'."
,Not Recommended,215670,19478841,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,kony,"A boring and linear story-driven game where you walk a guy. Unfortunately doesn't have much of horror. While I knew the gameplay won't be great, I at least expected a decent atmosphere in the game as I love horrors, unfortunately it wasn't unsettling and the game quickly became boring. Do not waste time on it."
,Not Recommended,215670,9211322,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,goat,I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back
76561198064716575,Recommended,215670,16212316,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Oakleigh,I recommend this game to people that enjoy text-based adventure games. The atmosphere is well-established as eerie and i recommend anyone who plays it to play it late at night for maximum effect. I would of liked a slighty more dramatic ending or twist because it was quite anti-climactic. All-in-all though for the price it's good to have a little throwback to old-school gaming.6.5/10
76561197985191204,Not Recommended,215670,11470918,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,BOT Jon,"Very boring game where nothing actually happens.  You get to pick your ending through yes/no questions and then it summarizes your story at the end.  halfway through the game I was asking myself ""how much longer?""  I couldn't wait for the game to be over.  there are no consequences or rewards for anything you do.  nothing you do even matters.  do not buy this game. do not play this game. if someone gifts you this game, reject it."
76561198001190337,Recommended,215670,9376202,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,hospitals,"A very well done interactive game in which your choices affect the game's ending. Stylish, very stylish. Designers have done a very nice job, as well as the crew. Good game, worth buying it."
,Recommended,215670,13340395,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,zerogen ★❤☮,not even scary (scarier than amnesia)
76561198005090883,Recommended,215670,2281220,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,Black Hound,"A very intriguing game. Everyone should play it, at least once. Even though the story changes as you make decisions, so each play through will be different. The content is geared toward adults, but it never seems gratuitous--always appropriate. The shear experience of investigating this murder mystery is gripping.Text is very well written, and I only noticed one typo in the whole game.A must-play."
,Recommended,215670,5428872,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,TBear,Really Good.
,Recommended,215670,14412069,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,TheColorUrple,"(Warning: I discuss spoilers. Play the game first if you're interested,  it takes 90 minutes.)My approach to this game was wrong.I had a restless night to kill, I had only my Macbook, and needed something graphics-lite I could play with my keyboard. Home seemed like the perfect fit.It seemed set up as an adventure game with an easy interface. Great! I found myself quickly analyzing clues, trying to piece together what was happening. That being said, the game doesn't challenge you to *actually* understand much of anything - and so my character's frequent questions about what he was looking at just fed the sense of mystery.I was expecting answers. That's not a good start.The atmosphere is generally unsettling because the game teaches you very early on that the game's volume is on 5 and the game's audio jump scares are on THIRTY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING TWO. I turned down the whole thing and ruined the atmosphere just to save myself a heart attack. But it's a cheap parlor trick - nothing ever comes out of the shadows, it's just noises.There are many choices you can make. Do I pick up the bloody knife or leave it? Well, I seemed to be an amnesiac in an unknown environment with dead bodies everywhere, so yeah, I'll take the knife. I'd hate for something else to take the knife and kill me with it. My character then muses, ""Did I really need this knife?"" ..... Well now wait a minute, I thought I was being practical. Am I just being paranoid? Does the game think I'm a violent person now?I picked up the knife, I picked up the gun, I picked up most objects that seemed useful. And some objects I decided seemed pointless wound up being typical adventure key items. Why am I given the choice to pick it up or not if I need it to progress? Seems strange. What do my choices even mean?So I get to the end, ready for the story to come together. The game asks me if I find my wife. For some intuitive reason, I just don't get the feeling I do. So I answer no. I'm comfortable with that choice. But then the game asks me another 15 questions about the items I've collected and everything else that is going on. Well I mean, I'm not sure, I've only been playing for an hour. Is there a right or wrong answer? If I'm not sure, do I really have to pick yes or no?I didn't have any solid understanding of what was happening throughout what I was experiencing, and I'm sure most people would agree with that - it's designed that way. So why then is the game quizzing you on this understanding at the end of the game? I never answered yes or no - I only answered,""Um...yes?""or ""Grrr, pff, I dunno, no?"" It would take a clearer narrative to expect any clearer reaction, wouldn't it?I mean, what arrogant self-assured idiot would go through an obtuse series of unrelated mysteries and think, ""Dude, I know EXACTLY what's going on here""? There literally is no right answer, so attempting to decide what your choices meant within a meaningless context is itself an utterly meaningless action.And of course, the few paragraphs of text that serves as the game's recapitulation and conclusion was the confirmation that I didn't know what I was talking about, because my choices as a whole didn't make any cohesive narrative sense, even for the ♥♥♥♥ing narrator. I remain just as confused now as I did while I was playing. Actually, more so.I suppose that's the risk of an open-ended story, but it would have been nice to see the developer take the time to script his endings a bit more to ensure that most or all players would reach a conclusion that makes sense. I understand that western storytelling relies too heavily on clear denouements, but when it's the player dictating the storytelling, the ending feels more arbitrary than artistic.So just to be clear, my recommendation is based on the fact that it's a cheap, interesting, and unique experience that you might not enjoy, but that's okay. It wasn't my cup of tea, but I'm glad I played it."
,Recommended,215670,10359882,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Isak's Frittatas™,"I have gotten lots of creeps allready, just the few hours I have played it! First of all, this is a very atmospheric game, it's not about the graphics (LOL) or the fact that this is a 2d game, but the atmosphere is a very big part of this game. But after all; This is a pretty short game, and I don't think you can sit hour after hour playing this. But for you who wants a scary game with good story and nice atmosphere: BUY THIS!"
76561197993626713,Recommended,215670,1479616,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,NailDive,"Got $2? Buy this while it's on sale. Much like a chose-your-own-adventure, part of what makes Home great, and frustrating, and enjoyable, is that there's a kind of finality to your decisions. Go through the wrong door and you might get trapped, leaving questions unanswered later on. After realising this on my first playthrough I began to make decisions based on how I wanted the story to play out. The protagonist is immediately endearing, which causes mixed emotions as the story comes to life. Definitely worth taking the devs advice and playing with headphones in the dark for a richer experience, and aim to playthrough in one hit."
,Not Recommended,215670,24447000,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Blue,"Overall, Don't buy it unless you review bad or lazy games.At first this game seemed scary and interesting, but after a while, I realised the game was all pixels and the choices meant nothing because: Spoilers/twist: The game in short tells you to make up what you think the ending is and then sends you to its website to post that you think the ending is.When is the last time you saw a movie that had many different clues but Sherlock turns to the camera and says ""What do you think happened?"" And then it goes to credits."
,Recommended,215670,3792785,"Posted: 13 October, 2012",all,Dungasaur,"This game is... interesting. The story it tells has no answers, only more questions. I think it ultimately fails as a horror game, but it suceeds as a narrative experiment. If you want to play something different and head scratching give this one a try."
,Not Recommended,215670,35344834,Posted: 30 September,all,Qinji,pointless 2d pixelated walking simulator
,Recommended,215670,11965838,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sox,bad
76561197976612595,Not Recommended,215670,25524114,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MechZahn,"I really want to start with what I feel about Home, does well.It’s a game about exploring a small town after some sort of event has left it empty, a ghost town if you will. Part of the charm is learning what happened here. The music and sound effects do a nice job of accopaining the mystique of it all.It also has a nice neat art style. It’s not like it’s the most amazing thing you’ve ever seen but it's not different enough to be something memorable (To most people the worse thing you can accuse art style  of being is bad, but to it's worse to be forgettale).Then there is what I don’t like about it.First off, it breaks the cardinal rule of gaming, it’s not really fun to play. In fact there isn’t much to do except wander around scene to scene (read; rooms/areas) getting snib bits of information on what the hell is going on. That’s it. That's the whole game. I had the same issue with “We’ve all Gone to the Rapture.” It’s a 2D walking simulator with virtually no puzzles at all. And by the time you get to the end, (I’m not sure many of you will bother to play it that long), you’re sort of done with it. Keeping in mind this game is only 2.99 and goes on sale sometimes. For what it is, it’s really not bad. Which as my father would say, ""Not exactly a compliment."" I give it a luke warm 5 out of 10 for trying to do something cool but missing the wow factor that would’ve made it a must play that I would feel better recomending to people. This being said though, if you like peaceful creepy games, Home will be fun for you."
76561198042360626,Not Recommended,215670,26275045,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,A Dead Frog,*Prententious horror experience.
,Recommended,215670,30310472,Posted: 4 March,all,Peppermint Butler,"A lot of people here seem to think that just because you can't shoot someone or something, a game is bad. I will respectfully disagree and appreciate this game as the enjoyable walking simulagtor it is.Homefollows a man who has woken up in an unknown house with anmesia and a flashlight. As he wonders how he got there, hefinds a body, then a network of underground sewers and even a factory connecting to the same house. More and more clues start popping up suggesting he is not just an ordinary citizen. Once he realizes this, he goes home (Get it? Because he wakes up in a house and has to go home and the game... yeah, you got it.) and makes a horrible discovery. You are then given three different ways to finish the game, none of which make much of a difference in anything other than the achievement you get.As I mentioned above, this is a walking simulator, which isn't for everyone, but it delves deeply into its story (as deep as an hour-long $3 game can go). This game makes you want to think your actions affect the story, but there are only two, maybe three, that really affect the overall story. Every other mechanic such as movement and interaction is very minimalisic; you only need your mouse. I personally hate it when developpers can't be arsed with the graphics so they just use pixel graphics, or worse: hire someone to draw pixel art. But then again, there isn't much to complain about when it's only $3; you get what you pay for.7/10"
,Not Recommended,215670,17946664,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,DocCovington,"The beginning already bored the hell out of me. How cliché can a prologue be? I can hardly imagine this turning into an exciting horror game at any point.Also, the pixelation factor is awful. I love old school, but on a modern monitor is hurts my eyes... or rather insults them, really."
,Recommended,215670,11010363,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Dr.BadTaste,This is above all a game you have to experience. Just play and feel.
,Not Recommended,215670,12713644,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,▂▃▅▆█ 『 ✔♞ 』,"This was a game I've been meaning to play for a while now. But it turns out that the plot wasn't really even that ""bumpy"", if that makes any sense.. If the game's gonna leave us hanging, whoever wrote the game should've at least taken more time to spice it up a bit. I mean like it's a typical early 2000s/80s movie, guy wakes up in a coma, finds clues to who he really is, and blah blah twist ending blah blah and a lot of games actually do follow the theme of this, although this game really did not do a very good job.And this seems like a game you can play on a website for free, if anything putting it on steam is basically just donating to the author just hoping he'd make it better.But honestly, this game is alright. But if you're looking for a spiced up, adrenalline rushing, and an actual good game - this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,215670,10919632,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Frobozz,This is essentially a choose your own adventure walking simulator and not really a game. It's also not scary at all after you realize nothing really happens throughout the game. Once I figured out the ending is going to be determined by a series of simple yes/no questions it was hard to maintain interest. I couldn't be bothered to play through it more than once to experience a different ending since it's an overly linear game regardless of your choices. Neat idea but needs more substance.
,Not Recommended,215670,462704,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,t. mike,"I was really intrigued from the get-go, drawn into the mystery of what the hell is going on--immediately, unfortunately, a lingering suspicion on the story's outcome came, and clue after clue seemed to point to the same conclusion, which at about the two-thirds point caused the game to become a bit tiresome. And then the ending happened, and I was told to choose how it ended, what all the clues meant....It's not a prospect I found attractive in execution, and ruined much of the story for me. (N.B. Most clues pointed to the ending I figured, and one you'll likely see, as well, but there are some contradictory suggestions that point elsewhere...but they all feel like red herrings (unless I was following the red herrings all along!!!! (then again I choose the ending so whatever)).)In regards to gameplay, it does as promised. Play in the dark, put on those headphones, turn the volume up: Best way to enjoy this game. It's not scary, outright, but when things go ~thump~ they really get you. Sound and score are used exceptionally.It's worth the buck I paid and the hour I spent, but the game has its failings, and those failings lie in its storytelling: Ambitious, but unmet, I feel."
76561198069073362,Not Recommended,215670,11972869,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Cattapillar,I want to like this game so bad.You're supposed to at least want to give it a few playthroughs but I'm just not curious enough.
,Not Recommended,215670,11963201,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Blake The Cake,"Walked around for an hour, got a bad ending."
76561197987525091,Recommended,215670,10347753,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BigDes,"Not a traditional horror game by any means, the game instead relies entirely on the players interpretation of events. You wake up in a dark house with only a flashlight and a feeling of foreboding.Game is short but the amount of choices make it highly replayable. Give it a go."
,Not Recommended,215670,9537821,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Wired Nomad,I don't know how to write this in any other way then to sound shallow but Home is supposed to be a narrative murder mystery with multiple endings. And it accomplishes just that. Only it is boring as hell. In order to solve the mystery you are required to grind and read a lot. You must search every room to unlock the truth. And it gets to the point where walking around back and forth in areas is just tedious and boring. Plus the text reads one letter at a time and there is no skip to fill the textbox button so I found myself accidentally and intentionally out of boredom skipping entire paragraphs of dialog. My ending was pointless and unfulfilling the whole game is low budget and doesn’t utilize its attributes to make something engaging. BOOOOOO!
,Not Recommended,215670,31332652,Posted: 23 April,all,MonkeyDudes,"Home is psychological thriller about a man with sever amnesia who wakes up in a house full of dead bodies. He stumbles around and has the choice to interact with various clues. The foreboding atmosphere continues to drive him towards answers, but they are muddled due to the answers he finds seems to only open about a million more questions. At each site he discovers more dead bodies while try to piece together the past. Finally he slowly gathers enough evidence and that he has memories to remember who he is and what he needs to do: go home and check on the safety of his wife.This is a strangely dark and a completely creepy chose-your-own-adventure game. It slowly draws you in with every creek from the house you wake up in to the narrowed visibility provided by the flash light you find. Even the muddled pixels add some fright to the game due to their crude art stile and seems to compliment the confusing situation. The creepiest thing about this game it places ‘what if’ ideas in your head while you stumble about and find clues amongst the derelict town. Also some of the timing of certain events will give you a quick jump scare. It even excels at giving really high quality background noise that is just creepy and could mimic any walk in the woods at night.However it has a few draw back. Like the main character seems rather daft. Like he’ll continually complain that he feels like he’s being followed, paranoid or whatever and then everything possible just makes his statements creepier. Despite this, he doesn’t walk faster after this. Sure he complains about his hurt leg, thus a reason not to run, but there doesn’t seem to be anything in the game to fix it or shut him up about it. So despite being scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ he doesn’t show much signs of emotion. He doesn’t begin to visually sweat, jitters, or anything.I know it’s hard to pixelate characters faces, but dozens of other artists have been doing this for years. So due to that lack of detail/art the text narrative takes away from the moment because there isn’t any follow up action. Its like you’re reading a internal monologue but he just seems to poker face his way past a entire town full of dead bodies. This is unrealistic. Also some of the shading is bland. There’s a few areas that are identical to one another leaving a few areas boring just to look at. Then there are a few larger areas that have no interactive objects nor areas to enter and serve no purpose to the story at hand.Other times, the in story character development is a little wonky. Like despite how completely scared out of his mind he claims to be, he stops the player from telling him to leave a area and states something like he needs to ‘settle the issues’ or whatever. If he was really that scared he’d be hauling♥♥♥♥♥to the nearest town/hotel/anything to get away from it all. The character will even encourage the player to explore the area more by saying certain hints a key times. This completely takes away from the mystery element of the game because he’s so BLUNT about it. A few times it said something along the lines of “I wonder if I should have picked up [x-item].” It’s like “really game?”Meanwhile I’m sitting there thinking he has no purpose to encourage the user to stick around. He has no recollection of who he is, no memory of a good bit of his life, and the place is filled with dead bodies. The issues are settled because EVERYONE IS DEAD and the dipwad should run before he winds up dead too. He even mentions this at the camp site, but he still waddles about in the dark woods in the middle of the night while stumbling over more dead bodies. So it’s counter productive to basically tell the gamer what to do when the whole purpose of the game is to explore.Despite these complaints it really is OK, but not great. Its really different play a game that lets you decide just about every action of the character, but makes it tedious. The mood is completely dreary and everything does it’s best to enhance that experience, with few exceptions. I wouldn’t pick it up for more then $5 due to how short it is and it won’t scare most people. Its more along the lines of a ‘thinking mans’ horror game, but I found it obnoxious since it leaves a lot of unanswered questions due to its too broad of a ‘chose your story’ approach.This is entertaining in the end, but is short lived.5.0/10"
,Not Recommended,215670,12748542,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,La Pornstar de la juridiction,"Don't buy it. I really like horror games, but this one isn't scary at all. Not even psychological scary - not even a thriller. Story wise, it's just a very cheap Silent Hill 2 copycat. If you have a bit of experience with horror games, you can guess the plot of Home from the start. There is no plot twist, no suspens, nothing. There is no ending, only a long and boring summary of what you did. Gameplay is hideous : it's linear with a fake sense of choice.Maybe worst of all, in my opinion, is the sound design. Sound is of primary importance in horror games, and audio in this game completely throws you off the game. Soundscape elements are redondant, mixed too low and all in all not immersive at all. Event sounds are ear-splitting and ultra-cheap. You absolutely can't play this game with headphones if you value your ears.Don't buy it."
,Recommended,215670,10925445,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Zio Peppe,Welcome to the nope train.
,Not Recommended,215670,12678567,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Quady14,"Wasn't too ecstatic upon completion,Gonna talk spoilers here, nothing super specific, but more just my impressions as I played. I like that it went for an open-ended style, and maybe I just didn't play the game close enough to a solid conclusion, (I picked up certain things, left others, thinking some items would lead me to get a more incriminating ending, not as though I knew what the game actually had planned or how picking up those items affected my playthrough).My main problem is that the game sets up a pretty obvious twist that your character is probably going to end up being somehow responsible for the disturbing discoveries he keeps making (and enthusiastically questioning as though he's never seen them before since he has amnesia/sleepwalks). Then the game just throws the choice to you in the last minutes of gameplay as to what happened. As soon as it hit this point I thought maybe the ending would be really dynamic, and hey, it's cool that I'm taking a small hand in the storytelling, but the choices it gave me were actually pretty unsatisfying, they changed some of the main elements of what transpired but that just made me feel like it didn't really matter much what happened, anything could've happened, there's no shocking reveal, I'm just writing the ending and then it ends, which as a mystery just doesn't work well. The ending was nothing more than a bunch of text boxes explaining my playthrough, and really hazily describing some of the decisions I made along the way. I just played the game, Home, this is old news to me and your summation doesn't make the story any less asinine.As a Horror game it really doesn't succeed in much. There's some small amount of atmosphere but very little ever happens. I experienced a single jumpy moment when a very loud spout of steam came from a pipe in the sewers, and then nothing else happened the entire playthrough. Discovering bodies here and there was not very impactful, and I'm not even saying subtlety is bad, it can be very good, but at no point was I really given incentive to care, more often I just thought to myself ""Is there going to be a cheap twist ending where it turns out this guy I'm playing is the bad guy?"" and just because I can Choose My Own Adventure (Ending) so that he's not, that doesn't make the ending any better, it just makes it so neutral that I could hardly be arsed to even try to be invested in what was going on. I would try playing through again once or twice to get different endings, but to be honest the amount of walking and mind-numbingly simple button pushing puzzles and item-fetching bouts are too monotonous for repeat trips. I'm gonna call it here and say I don't recommend this one. It's a promising concept, but I'm pretty sure much more could be done with it than this in terms of storytelling and delivery."
76561198062967915,Recommended,215670,10477542,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Hero_in_green13,"This is a brilliantly designed game.  As you progress through the murder mystery environment, you are left always wondering: What happened here? and Who is to blame?The game never answers these questions.  It leaves you to decide how the story ended.  This is the best part.  You can never be wrong, and you decide what happened based on the evidence you uncover.  The developers don't want there to be a diffinitive, ""Correct"" story, so that each individual can decide and interperet from the events what the story is.The other big seller for this game is after you complete the game, you can share your interpretation of the story on their website, and then read other people's experiences and stories.  You'll probably spend an extra hour or two seeing how other people interpreted from what you saw and didn't see along the way.For just $3, this game is completely worth what you pay, and provides an experience that stretches beyond the 1 hour - 90 minute gameplay time."
,Not Recommended,215670,7603915,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Muzzles56,"An english student tries to make a ""game"" with a 2deep4u story which makes no sense and makes you zone out halfway through.There are no consequences for your actions so I didnt give a ♥♥♥♥ what I did. Just pressed space. This isnt horror. This isnt an adventure. This isnt a game.Avoid."
,Recommended,215670,4806695,"Posted: 4 September, 2012",all,._.,История развивается во второй половине двацатого века.Вы играете за Деда Егора который потерял свой апарат для гона самогона и пошёл искать эту долбаную трубу.Дед егор держит горящие яйцо Стаса Пьехова и дабы освещает себе путь.
,Not Recommended,215670,10328936,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Goat Templar,Don't buy this game.
,Recommended,215670,20494669,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ShachloKarpa,"Решил перепройти  спустя пару лет ради ачивок и получил совершенно другую концовку 80Хороший триллер, но четкого ответа на все вопросы не по лучите 9/13"
,Not Recommended,215670,34118111,Posted: 8 August,all,Emblem Parade,"A very dark ""multi-linear"" adventure game. By “multi-linear” I mean that you have very set paths, and cannot turn back once you choose them, though you're often given several paths leading to different possible narrative variations and conclusions.There are also some simple “puzzles,"" which really just involve trying something again and again until it works.If that sounds good to you, by all means spend an hour or so playing this. I found it more frustrating than satisfying. Which is unfortunate, because the story is very evocative indeed. There's potential here for a rich and disturbing game, but instead we got a simplistic choose-your-own-adventure short story."
,Recommended,215670,668212,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,ein,"It's almost impossible to discuss this game without risk of spoiling something, but I'll try.First, don't read the store blurb or any text in the trailer. They give away too much.The game has no save feature and must be played in one sitting. It is very short, however, and probably benefits from being played only once.Inching cautiously into spoiler territory, I'll add that there is something irritating about one of the few gameplay elements, which may first strike you as lazy or misguided. There's a reason for this and it may have a payoff, so stick with it.Finally, Home borrows a thought or two from 9:05 by Adam Cadre, which is better and should be played first.Not exactly fun, and a little boring, but frightening enough and it left me wondering. For $3 you could do worse. Or you could buy a Naked Juice."
,Recommended,215670,842536,"Posted: 20 November, 2012",all,Berto,"An interesting narrative experience. It may lack in proper gameplay but the way it deals with story and makes the player an integral part of it is pretty awesome. The ending is very ambiguous and makes the player question everything. On the dowside it's very short and i'm getting tired of all the pixel art fad in indie games.3,5/ 5"
,Recommended,215670,7012787,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Strockefeller,"A short game that has a very interesting story, which will keep you interested. I enjoyed the sound and the retro style graphics of the game. It's a pretty cheap game, so I fully recommend it to anyone that is interested in it."
,Recommended,215670,9282108,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,strizzuth,"A very interesting game.  Some may choose to argue over the definition of ""game"" here, but who cares?  The question you should REALLY be asking is ""will I get something out of this?""  Do you like mysteries?  Do you like interactive fiction?  Do you like creepy atmosphere?  If you can answer yes to ANY of those, this game is probably for you.  What seals the deal for me is that the story actually changes depending on what you've seen and done in the game.  This is a technique I keep hoping will make it into AAA titles.Important to note, this is NOT a horror game.  While the atmosphere feels scary at times, the game never does anything to frighten the player.  If you are looking for a horror game, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,215670,8098045,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Endless Odyssey,"Pretentious, unsatisfying, and not the least bit frightening."
76561198006476640,Recommended,215670,2370984,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Morphy,"Home isn't really a game, it's more like reading a short story. There's no challenging gameplay and it won't be a problem to complete in an hour or two. Technically nothing special, it can't be recommended as a game, but if you like reading or text adventures it might be worth checking out."
,Recommended,215670,2207560,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,-rgp- mercury,"If you like Silent Hill and/or Heavy Rain, don't read any reviews and definitely no spoilers.  Buy this incredibly affordable game and experience some excellent psychological horror.  Total run time is 1 to 1.5 hours, but quite replayable."
,Not Recommended,215670,8572176,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Blue,"To be honest, I felt like this game was a waste of not only my time, but my £1.99 I spent on it. It claims itself to be ""Horror"" yet there is nothing either scary or unsettling (Apart from the one jumpscare with the bats). And on top of that, there no real 'ending' as nothing properly happens, there's no actual outcome other than suicide or walking away with no closure.All in all, I say this game is a bit of a waste."
,Not Recommended,215670,8870705,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tortoiseface,"While the auditory experience of this game is palpable to say the least, the story leaves a vast amount to be desired. Certain key elements are left to the player to decide, and while I am usually of the camp that claims that player-choice can never go wrong, this game proves me incorrect, when I actively start breaking the storyline by deciding something other than what the story was building to. While it attempts to recover, I can't help but feel continuity here would be best preserved by limiting the amount of player-input into the actual storyline, and just finishing the game."
76561198089440889,Not Recommended,215670,9005456,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,s0ul01,"Too short, no real gameplay, mediocre story"
,Recommended,215670,8743745,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,rex,"This isn't an easy ""game"" to review.  This game is probably a good bet if you:- are comfortable with unreliable narrators- are comfortable with your decisions influencing how the story plays out- can tolerate an unresolved story- like heavily pixellated art- like games that are psychological- understand the difference between a ""game"" and an ""interactive experience""- don't like spending a lot of money :)I did enjoy this game.  I thought it was interesting to be put in the position of a main character dealing with some kind of psychosis.  I also liked that the game tried to get me to reflect on why I had made the choices I made for the main character.  The atmosphere and especially the sound of the game were compelling.  The pixel art was a little too rough. Take the game's advice and play it in the dark with headphones on if you can.  I'm sure others have said this but there's an obvious similarity between this game and Lone Survivor.  For my part, I enjoyed LS more.  But they are different games and both have merit.All in all, an interesting experience and for me, worth the $3."
,Not Recommended,215670,9033981,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Henk Koffin,"Boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring, boring and boring.Oh, yeah... I almost forgot one thing:BORING!Nothing else to say."
76561197985072747,Recommended,215670,1040170,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,FantasyFreak_UK,A short dark indie adventure game where you get to determine the outcome.
,Recommended,215670,8748730,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,A Wild Pokemon,holy crap talk about scary good sound design
,Not Recommended,215670,9150187,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TheGoliath456,"Literally one hour of traversing hallways, dark paths, and woods only to find out the ""big secret"" in the end is not even something predetermined by all the choices you had to make throughout the game. It just comes out and asks, ""Do you want this ending, or this one?"" Waste of my time and money."
,Not Recommended,215670,8656659,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Hillard Rabe,"As an experiment in interactive narrative,Homeis mildly intriguing; it succeeds, at times, in subtly handing storytelling agency over to the player. This it accomplishes through the power of suggestion. The player is confronted with persuasive, yet oftentimes conflicting information: a multitude of narrative threads leading to the illumination of the final mystery. WhereHomefails is in that resolution; rather then offer the player a satisfying bookend to their personalized experience, it merely poses more questions on top of half-answered ones. The prose is passable, though familiar and spartan in metaphor; however, the host of jarring shifts in verb tense seem owed more to an amateurish command of English than any intentional obfuscation.Homeis a case of the unusual medium being the message; it is all the more unfortunate, then, that the message offered here is not very compelling."
,Recommended,215670,11024186,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,nascent,"Good atmosphere and a decent play, possibly even worth a couple of plays for people that might have missed something and want a different ending.  However, there is no real ending, just a recollection of your experiences and what you previously selected as being the truth, everything is interpretable - for better or worse - and while never being able to know everything does leave the game to linger in your mind a while, perhaps prompting a replay, ultimately feels a little lacking.This is a very short game, which can be done in 45 mins even when exploring everything.  The intro of the game recommends 1 1/2 hours, but with the limited areas to explore and even accounting for getting lost a little, I really fail to see how so much time could be spent on one playthrough.Home has the feel of point and click adventure games (without the point and click), but is too shallow to really fit in this category, and as it can be finished quite quickly, can be consumed quite adequately via a Let's Play on youtube.  I ended up both watching a Let's Play and buying and playing the game myself, just to see if I can change the ending, and while choosing different options and exploring a bit more thoroughly, ended up with an extra couple of sentences in my ending.   I bought Home on a 99p sale, and feel this was a fair price for feeling like I'd done my best to get a different ending, and also to contribute to supporting the developer a little.The best thing about Home is the nostalgia that comes with playing it, reminding me of the games that first introduced the gameplay elements that Home uses, such as the slow opening of doors, and descending stairs like Resident Evil.  Home doesn't rely on Jump Scares or Gore in the same way as modern horror games tend to now.I just hope that Home inspires more classical suspense horror games.  To me no game comes close to capturing the depth and suspense from the first few Resident Evil games, and even in the 8 bit style of Home, I'd be happy if someone put in the time to give a really rich and deep suspense/survival horror game.Sadly, all the deep puzzle games of old, like Resident Evil, and Tomb Raider, have evolved into action games rather than puzzle games, and while I enjoyed the Tomb Raider reboot a lot, really miss the games that require some planning, and problem solving.  So here's hoping Home maybe inspires some in the future."
,Recommended,215670,8698889,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,john mayer founded the altright,"You won't really feel motivated to play through more than once, but the one playthrough will definitely leave an impression. The foreboding creepiness of the game is highly memorable and intense (shadows on the corners of the screen, in particular), but the ending may leave some feeling disappointed or let down. Regardless, when on sale, I recommend it for everyone. And if you beat it once, I recommend researching the ending and playing through again, to be SAFE (hint, hint, capitalized word)."
76561197980650229,Not Recommended,215670,26172609,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Pendragon,Not for me. I found the pixel style and dialogue box disengaging which is a real problem for a horror game.
76561198058135852,Not Recommended,215670,26420703,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,rc,"Not an awful game, but the story isn't good enough to make up for the poor gameplay. It's not a game, it's a story and unfortunately not a good enough one."
76561197992879906,Recommended,215670,27538371,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cannonfood,I thought it was a very interesting little adventure.Simple puzzles and spooky ambiance.
,Recommended,215670,819465,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Trez75,"Not sure what to make of Home. Its an interesting concept for a game. Its the classic plot of man wakes up in a room with a dead body and no memory of what happened. So you need to try and make sense of whats' gone on by walking through the various locations and looking at clues. The problem is that even after completing it I'm still no clearer a to what happened, and apparently it changes each time you play. Its a nice concept for a game and the 8bit pixel lends to the simplicity of the game and the sounds good. Its an entertaining enough game which will keep you occupied for an hour or two. My score 7/10"
,Recommended,215670,9109846,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Depreee birdy (Card farming),"Home is a pixel horror game, and a good one at that!I'll start off by saying that I would definitely play a sequel of the game if there was one. The game itself could have been longer, it took me about 70 more or less minutes to beat it. While playing the game I did not encounter any bugs or glitches. In my opinion this game shouldn't be under the category horror. I give this game a 4/5 just because for my taste it wasn't scary enough to be under the category horror. Hope to see a sequel to this game. Also I do recommend the game to anyone who likes a very smooth pixel based game."
,Not Recommended,215670,7642363,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,JayToTheJizzle,"Interesting little story, but I don't recommend buying it.I really like the type of experience Home is aiming for, but it just doesn't deliver the excitement that it's supposed to. A big positive about the game is multiple endings and an interactive story that shapes depending on your actions. Sadly you'll be too bored at the end of the first playthrough to start it all over.Also it's important to note, that it's approx. 1-2 hours of gameplay, so don't expect to spend a night just playing it."
,Not Recommended,215670,12914682,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Duke of Id,"If you're looking for a thriller, look elsewhere. The game is advertized as a horror game, but in reality I was never scared. It was a lot of walking around aimlessly, trying to solve a mystery you're never really invested in. Yes, it does have a lot of suspense... but as with a bad joke, the punch line never delivers."
76561197973052125,Recommended,215670,614154,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Lord Dyran,"Another good-but-short game with choices making for a decent amount of replayability.  Good atmosphere, intriguing story."
,Recommended,215670,104017,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Chocolate Pudding,The player has killed his wife.
76561198002174499,Recommended,215670,29594607,Posted: 30 January,all,NukaCola,Would end my story by leaving again.7/10
,Not Recommended,215670,35196895,Posted: 24 September,all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,"To be honest I'm not even sure what this game is, or even what it's supposed to be.  That's how bad it was."
,Not Recommended,215670,9648540,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,"Sammy Slithers, Long Mover",An hour of finding out that something may or may not have happened. Atmosphere doesn't make up for a lack of substance.
76561198045618461,Not Recommended,215670,9066690,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Deathwurm102,"I've harbored so much hate for this game that I'm glad Steam finally decided to allow negative reviews just so I can warn people to stay away.I dragged my way through this game once and it was difficult to make it all the way to the end. The writing is just plain bad writing trying to pass itself off as too deep for some people to understand.The graphics are awful! I own & have played more than a few ""retro-style"" games and they were old school in style but you could tell that they were made recently. To me, these graphics just look cheap and a way for the Developers to cut corners while hiding behind a currently popular style.Even at its' low price point, I think it is a waste of money.All of this is only my opinion of course & there are folks who have played and enjoyed this game, but I would say if you're considering this go for something like ""Lone Survivor"" instead."
,Not Recommended,215670,14218733,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Enrick,Bad.
,Recommended,215670,7029450,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,Umm. Well. Woah. This was a weird experience. Finishing the game raised more questions than it answered. As short as it may be I still recommend this to any fan of thrillers and books. It's kinda like a book you can play through.
,Not Recommended,215670,7799030,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,todd_unt,"I got Home on sale for just a couple of bucks and played through it once and was not intrigued. I understood the concept: based on what you think the clues mean will determine the outcome of the story. I was not impressed with the writing and I was not spooked out by any of the descriptions or depictions. Contrasting this game to one I remember playing in the 80s on the Amiga called Uninvited, I'm still freaked out by it when I give it a whirl on an emulator. I give the developer kudos for trying, but the play through did not persuade me enough to try it a second time to see if I could change up the outcome."
,Recommended,215670,23568383,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ziad10a,pros:-nice story-nice pixelated stylecons:-shortbut overall I like it !
76561198062611440,Recommended,215670,8971311,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Sunnylovee,"enjoyed it, confusing, a bit of a mind twister, everyones endings are different, bought the game for a friend his was different than my ending, overal worth 2.99"
76561198071820451,Not Recommended,215670,8792129,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Bearplane,Have you ever experienced someone telling story that has no point and never goes anywhere? That's what playing through this game is like.
,Recommended,215670,10049145,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,[DoD] s n o o t,"My pet Giraffe enjoys this very much, thank you."
,Recommended,215670,2658924,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,andromalin,"A very short and creepily atmosphered game, can easily be beaten in one sitting, but holy smokes, what an interesting game. I'd recommend playing it at least twice to truly understand how interesting it is."
76561197994849273,Not Recommended,215670,26222237,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rick,"** There is a computer on your desk. Did you turned it on?Yes/No-> Yes** It seems you where writing a steam review for the game ""Home"". Did you gave it a thumbs up?Yes/No-> Yes** You are completely strained by the effort of writing the review and you go to bed.** There is a computer on your table, and there is a review for ""Home"". Was a review you gave a ""Thumbs up"" for?Yes/No-> No** Yes. Of course you didn't. Even if you did. Like one minute ago.** There is a door, do you want to leave this place forever?Yes/No-> YesYou left your home and the Steam review forever. You did stuff in the game, and discovered things, but in the end the story turned into BS, because the developers couldn't keep all the threads together.You will never know, why you remember you should have given the game a positive review when you actually didn't, or who killed your hamster, or whether it was your cat who sh..t on your neighbors petunias, or you. The only thing sure is that you played the game and it wasn't that funny or cleverly designed after all."
,Not Recommended,215670,20207575,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Demoncake,Would not play again.
,Recommended,215670,11444811,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ShyPantelones,There's no quickscoping but it's ok i guess
76561197980411330,Not Recommended,215670,10387692,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,AppleDoge,a unique horror experience meaning:A: it's not scaryB: it's not funC: it's not even interestingVERY UNIQUE GJ
76561198057607477,Recommended,215670,14471055,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,joe.des(is)DrTeddy,It is a simple game with a lot of travelling around looking for things and clues.  The game changes with the choices made. I somehow made the game go crazy and it spawned two of me wandering around everywhere and the ending was a 10 min long rant by the protagonist about how it did not know what to do now and what was going on and whether anything that happened was real....yadda yadda.  *throwing my hands up in the air to avoid slapping the protagonist in face* I would say get it for cheap though
,Not Recommended,215670,20412747,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,๖ۣۜ RedPanda,nah
,Recommended,215670,13669556,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MedHead,"A brief and interesting game, but lacking in the horror it seemed to be attempting to convey. I appreciate stories that limit explanation to allow me to make up my own interpretation, but this game explained too little for me to enjoy it as much as I hoped. The game is worth your time, and potentially will be more interesting to you than it was to me."
,Recommended,215670,13770013,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,thearrow,"An interesting experience, that will take up around an hour of your time. It is a simple minimalist game but can still be haunting. Playing with headphones when it is dark is recommended"
,Recommended,215670,13802442,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,alfredsamernie,A lot of horror games fail to create an atmosphere and solely rely on jump scares or grotesque visuals. I feel this game does the genre right and builds on what you don't see. It is extremely short (about 1.5 hours) but also fairly cheap ($3). I also advise doing what the game tells you to do and wear headphones and turn off the lights... keep your bedroom door open too.
,Recommended,215670,13879739,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Zixii,This game is really simple-made. That makes it so nice.
,Recommended,215670,12295581,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,notpod,"A lot like a good short story in a pulp 'zine. Replayable maybe but I doubt I will. I enjoyed the ""story"" I made the first time. Worth doing (if not so much playing) at least once."
,Recommended,215670,2221603,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,stevechepp,"Home is an interesting adventure game that is well done and is in a similar vein as maniac mansion, with a horror/mystery twist. It is short on the initial playthrough, however, you can easily get more than one playthrough out of the game. All and all for 3 bucks, it is worth it."
,Recommended,215670,170162,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,GigaKid,"Eerie, chilling, tense and you create your own unique story as you as go. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,215670,243262,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Lord Weh,"An intriguing, slow, minimalist and moody horror game. You wake up in a strange house next to a body, you want to go home.At only an hour or so long you can play the game in a single sitting, which the game suggests. Whilst the game is linear (to be expected for an 'adventure' game) you actually have some amount of input in the final outcome. The clues you find and the way you choose to interpret them has some bearing on how the story ends.The interaction is fairly minimal, but it felt effective as I played, choosing whether or not to disturb a body, touch a murder weapon, peek into someones drawer or take a discarded photograph. The art style leaves the environments sketchy, with good use of sound and text building immersion. In fact, sound is a very key part of the game and heightens the experience considerably.Whilst the game is generally quite slow, the atmosphere is well achieved and there is a feeling of mystery and elements of dread throughout. You feel like you're stumbling over questions and possibly answers as you explore, gaining insight into what has happened.If you do commit to playing the game, do it one sitting, play it with headphones on, in the dark, as the game suggests. Interact with everything you can, watch for clues in the environment, listen carefully and try to piece the story together. At the end you'll shape the ending to reflect your take on the story."
,Recommended,215670,8117586,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Marooned Mart,"So.... Survival horror! I'll admit, I haven't played any games in this genre since Silent Hill was released on Playstation, and I wasn't too keen on the genre as a whole. Nothing has changed since those days, so I wasn't expecting too much when I decided to get a copy of Home.When I first played Home, I was left with a feeling of what I like to call "".... Really?"" So I decided on a second playthrough, and that's when things got a little more interesting. The main hook for me was the pixels (always a winner for me.) Graphically the game is good, and the overall aesthetics are brilliant. The 2nd thing that caught me off guard was the ""you decide the outcome"" factor, again this adds to the replay factor and it was something I didn't know about (I should really read about these games before I try them.)What bothers me about Home is that everything is there, but it all just seems kind of obvious, at least plot wise. The atmosphere that the game is trying to portray is completely absent, and I really just didn't click with the game. I think Home deserves a couple of playthroughs before it's judged though, because it is trying, and it shows. If you like Survival horror or you want to get a hold of an interesting indie game then it's definitely worth looking into. I'll give Home a recommendation, but don't expect too much."
,Recommended,215670,8865707,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,bottom of a foot,"Great sound effects, wonderfully eerie visuals - definitely an exercise in suspense. Home is presented in a unique format within the horror genre, and I really enjoyed my playthrough. Safe to be say I'll be diving in again for another go at it in the near future."
,Not Recommended,215670,9403430,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Played through this deal probably 4 times now, and I can honestly say I wouldn't recommend this to a friend. I don't HATE this game, I just find it to be kind of boring. At the end of the day, you can only speculate what happens - there are no hard answers. This is the point, and I get that, but it doesn't always work for everything.Yeah and I know the game is cheap, so I don't think it is so much a waste of money, but time."
,Not Recommended,215670,8672293,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,~freedom~fries~,"I'm all about 2D games and love all the indie stuff that comes out, but this seemed to go out of its wait to make bad 2D graphics - Double Dragon almost looks better graphics wise and on top of that there is so many graphic repeats where it would not have been much work to make a couple different kinds of bookshelves (for example).I don't know if I played it wrong and didn't figure it out right (though I don't have the interest to play it again even though it was short) I swear I had it figured out in the first 15 minutes of the game or so, but the ending didn't confirm that or not as if the game wanted to hide it from me or make my character truly dilusional in his role in the game.Further, the very subtle effects like music (there was a little only at the very end) are really effective even when they're simple... this could have been a lot better with more of that.In conclusion, I'm glad I played it, but there are too many negatives to me to recommend this to anyone. Despite that, I will be following this developers work and hope to see his future projects increase in quality."
76561198053272855,Not Recommended,215670,9589448,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Chardemore,"Really nice and atmospheric for the first 5 or 10 mintues, then it just gets a bit repetitive. The different endings is cool in theory, but the writing  isn't really strong enough to pull it off succesfully."
76561198063554567,Not Recommended,215670,8973312,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,zombiekoolaidman,"Unfortunately this game had some interesting ideas yet didn't really polish them enough for them to make a difference. It's incredibly short, doesn't really have a whole lot of choice or really any Horror like it promises. On top of it all it's just not much fun to play. Unlike good adventure games it doesn't have any great story elements, puzzles, or interesting settings to make up for gameplay. It's just boring."
,Not Recommended,215670,9310220,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Frogging101,"By 30 minutes I was bored. I had to take a break, so I turned it off. I never felt compelled to go back to it. I realize that this is the kind of game one plays for its story and atmosphere. I really appreciate a game with good atmosphere, but this just doesn't have it."
,Recommended,215670,8671442,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lone Wanderer,"i made 2 complete playthroughs, 1.5 hours each.first of all, it's not scary, there are no monsters, no jumpscares, nobody can kill you (well, almost nobody). the main core of this game is that at the end of it, nobody will tell you what really happened. so basically, you have to reconstruct the whole thing, and since there are many possible outcomes, each story is kind of personal.so, this game is totally worth 1 euro, (buy it for 2 only if you really love narration driven games) and you shoul enjoy it if you enjoyed games like dear esther, gone homo, etc7/10 i guess?"
,Not Recommended,215670,9240489,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,-PU- Kracken -,Home is an 8bit horror/thriller game that at first i thought i would enjoy but after playing it got a bit to repetative in the fact that all you have to do is go here and go there not much happens in gameplay apart from walking left and right i was really dissapointed in this game and definatly would not recommend playing it.
,Not Recommended,215670,9765481,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,crsteinb,I wasn't terribly impressed with this title. I had heard a lot of interesting things about it but my experience with it was lack luster and it didn't inspire me to do a second play through for a different ending.
,Not Recommended,215670,10013807,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,ImBoredToo,"It's a walking simulator with a creepy atmosphere, jump scares, and a choose your own ending story. I prefer to be told a story, not make my own."
,Recommended,215670,1762307,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,DustyBlue,"Let's get the flaws out of the way first: There are a few spelling errors and there is no save system at all. That means you have to start from the beginning and play to the end in one go each time. Given that you have to play it in one sitting, it's pretty short, but well worth the money because there is a very interesting story being told here. You get to make a lot of little choices throughout the whole thing, and they influence what story you are presented with. Because of that, a lot of different things can be interpreted from the story and there is no definite explanation for what's going on. That makes this game truly outstanding.So to summarize, it has a great story, GREAT atmosphere and suspense, and can be replayed for different experiences. I also really like its look. And it is very simple to play, so you can show this to all your non-gaming friends and family and they will enjoy it too. This was a very memorable experience, and worth way more than $3."
,Recommended,215670,1956497,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Dan,caca
,Recommended,215670,9494512,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,PotatoSunday,Pants Crapping Simulator 2015
76561198043487607,Recommended,215670,9634734,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Rakashe,Enjoyed the game. It is very atmospheric.
,Recommended,215670,4724143,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,CaptainTempest,"Home is a very simple and fun indie horror game that isn't scary in the usual sense. Its not graphics-intensive, and the gameplay isn't very intricate either. Its strengths, however, lie within its superb narrative and the sense of dread and foreboding that occur as you progress through. The objective of the story is to find your way home, after waking up in a house that isn't yours, while uncovering some disturbing and haunting secrets along the way. Its easily played through in at least a half-hour, but the replayability comes from multiple endings based on how much you explore and what choices you make with key items and events. There's a surprising amount of hate on this game, but to me, this seems likely because people are comparing it to something its not. Its not Slender, its not Amnesia, and its not intended to be. Go play those if you want a more intricate horror game, but Home holds its own as a title that brings something different and unique to the table."
,Recommended,215670,2380041,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,Rascilon,"Home is an extremely short adventure game with a fairly interesting story and retro 8-bit graphics.  The writing is well done and the audio effects in particular really standout.  Unfortunately the Steam Overlay is not supported correctly, and screenshots taken in game will be reduced to a very small resolution.  Where Home disappoints however, is in it's length.  Based on the presentation of the game it appears that multiple playthroughs may yield slight twists in the storyline, but from start to finish the game can be completed in 45 minutes.  For the price, I think this is too short for a completion and I would caution other gamers to take note.  Unfortunately, this title is so short that I cannot give it a positive recommendation and  suggest that other gamers give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,215670,12920244,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Grimace,"Something like an hour and a half to beat the game for me. I fell asleep an hour in- the game has some interesting ideas, but without any danger, there's not much of a ""game"" element to it. It's more of a choose-your-own-fate visual novel. There's no set ""story"" for the game, just different potential paths. It has some unique ideas, but it's hard to care when it's a struggle to pay attention to what's going on because you're so bored. Wow, that sounds like such a jerk thing to say, but... I really feel that way."
,Not Recommended,215670,11239125,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Steve Wonder,"I'm no expert at this game, I have barely spent any time playing it.However, I think that says a lot about this game. You'll play it for an hour or less to see if it gets better. It doesn't seem to. There is hardly anything scary and it's not exactly the most fun game you can play.I suggest you take your $3 and spend it elsewhere."
76561198062615563,Recommended,215670,10670907,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Fake Lobster,"A good short game that is very sad, its a plottwist game and its pretty heart fulfilling.If you like a twist at the end like the new game Among The Sleep then you will love this10/10"
,Recommended,215670,8544807,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,fatcat32594,"This is a very creepy game, but the horror comes from the environment and the implications of the things you find, not from enemies encountered (there aren't any). The game never really explains the story, just drops hints for the player to find and interpret, leaving a lot to think about after the game is finished.However, I don't know if this really qualifies as a game, since there isn't really a way to lose, or any real puzzles to solve. It's more like an interactive story. If you like the sound of that, I recommend this, but for a lot of people, this game will probably be very boring."
,Not Recommended,215670,18278165,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Jesus Fetus,"It's one thing to have a game with obvious twists, but this game has the audacity to not even have its own twist. Instead, everything in Home is decided by the player, and I meaneverything.What's going on in the story? Who's the real killer? You decide, player. You literally decide, at the very end of the game, who the killer was, and the game just nods and says ""Yep, that was the killer. Good job, you.""The idea of writing the story with your actions can be done well, but after a certain point, the game needs to take responsibility. As it is, this game is just a dirty mirror for you to look at yourself while you masturbate to your own storytelling."
,Recommended,215670,16200355,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Lazarus,"Home.. God this game was good. I love the fact that you controll what happens, and well, games these days don't strike up as many theorys of what happend. I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,215670,10417053,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ahumanbeena,"Fun way to kill an hour or so. When it tells you to turn out the lights and use headphones, I'd recommend those. I wussed out and I kind of feel like I damaged my own experience in doing so. I'm probably gonna shelve this and play it later when I've forgotten enough. Eagerly awaiting the dev to open their mouth on their version of events, too."
,Recommended,215670,12852424,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zock,Great game. Suprisingly scary for a 2d game.
,Not Recommended,215670,22904665,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Eleutheromaniac,Imagine a horror game where there's no danger of you dying.
,Recommended,215670,9490906,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,That Stupid Picket Fence,"This is actually a really good game, screw those other guys, it was really fun!"
,Not Recommended,215670,5044211,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,Callie,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQcNow before you say, ""This isn't a review, this is just a video lol"". Imagine me as Steve Carell and the other person being Home. It's THAT bad. Home is a indie horror story made by Benjamin Rivers, and I can tell you by far, this is the worst horror game I have ever played. Imagine putting a ""Then a skeleton pops out"" anticreepypasta and making it into a game. It's not scary, the atmosphere didn't give me spooks, even when I was supposed to be scared, I wasn't. The plot is way too easy to figure out, game is incredibly short, and just a bad game. I have warned every single one of my friends to never get this.And I hope this will help you too from making a bad purchase. If you got 2.99 and want to spend it on something, please, for the love of god, don't buy this."
,Recommended,215670,3425842,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Dr. Denson,"Can get very creepy, for no reason."
,Recommended,215670,3332531,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,دين السلام,"Quite the impressive little game. Adventure, mystery and your own twisted mind at play."
,Recommended,215670,12731697,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,n0rr3c,"For me it's more of a horrorish mystery game. Haven't got scared even once. The plot and gameplay are pretty streightforward, has some very simple puzzles.If it's one of the authors first games, it's nice. Plus it's cheap. It didn't impressed me, but I won't forget it.Verdict: 6/10 (okay, but expected a bit more)"
,Recommended,215670,6319589,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,Ni.ce,Creepy Pixels!
76561197998825270,Recommended,215670,10366782,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,The Dorf,"Like the similarly named Gone Home or even The Stanley Parable, Home is an experience that may challenge your definition of what a game really is. And like those other two games, I think Home is probably best played without any expectations or prior knowledge about the game or what it is. Having said that, you should probably stop reading this if you haven't played Home and think you might want to. Just know that you should play it if you like narrative focused games or unique, thought provoking experiences. Also it's really short and probably best played in one sitting, so set aside an hour or two and play Home. And Gone Home. And The Stanley Parable. If you haven't already.Still reading eh? I'll try not to spoil too much of this game then. In Home, your character wakes up in an unfamiliar house with blood on his clothes and an injured leg. He can't remember what he was doing before or how he wound up in the house. He soon finds a dead body and makes other unsettling discoveries which prompt him to want to race home as quickly as possible to make sure his wife is okay. Along the way, you'll find clues that may offer insight as to what your character was doing before he blacked out or why he wound up in that house to begin with. You'll also need to make some decisions that will affect how the game plays out. For example, you find a live rat stuck in a mousetrap: do you free him or leave him be?Graphically, Home is pretty simple. Standard indie game pixel art graphics. But I think the graphic style suits the game perfectly. Home and Lone Survivor are a good demonstration of how when you have a simpler graphic style, the sound and music design becomes more impactful. The player is paying more attention to what they're hearing to as opposed to what they're seeing. I don't think Home had superb sound design, but it was a good example of less is more. Most of the time, you'll just hear the player character's footsteps and maybe the occasional background noise which are adequate to create the atmosphere. But when you hear something unexpected, it can be very surprising or unsettling. I did have a few control issues with the game though. On several occasions, I accidentally skipped some text that I was still reading and the game wouldn't repeat the text or go back to it. And the game felt a bit unresponsive sometimes when playing with a controller, but these are minor complaints.Okay, past this point is spoiler territory. The ending of this game warrants some discussion because it's what makes the game unique and interesting. But I don't think I can dance around the ending without revealing it, so if you don't want the game spoiled, stop reading.The game does a good job of creating suspense and setting you up with mysteries like ""Who killed the man in the house? What was your character doing in that house? Where is your wife? Is she alive or dead? Are you the murderer?"". Depending on your actions and decisions, you'll get clues that can support theories about the answers to these questions. But the game will not directly give you any sort of concrete ending. It's left vague and up to the player's interpretation of the clues and events to draw conclusions about them. In fact, at the end Home, the game will link you to its homepage (ha ha) where you can see other player's interpretations of the game's events and share your own. I was initially kind of put off by this. I think I was expecting the kind of ending that 999 had where there's a great twist at the end, the player is given satisfying answers to all of the mysteries of the game, and all of your questions are explained and wrapped up. Nothing like that here. After being initially dissapointed, I decided to play through Home again since it's only an hour or so long. I found I enjoyed it more the second time where I could focus on the details and try to form my own viewpoints on the game's ending.Home certainly isn't for everyone, but I love this style of game. I love games that tell me a good story or can make me stop and think a bit about what the game was trying to communicate. I hear Benjamin Rivers is now working on what is being described as a ""futuristic sci-fi psychological romance"" game. Sounds completely crazy, and I'd like to play itFor more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,215670,12762333,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,ChrisShowdown,This game is perfect to story lovers! When i played this game i thought that was a horror game but its not its a great storyline game!The worst point is the time.The game is too short but fastastic!Recommend!
76561198045756757,Recommended,215670,13458676,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CAHOOTS,"the eerie solitude of Home, the constantly rising tension, the slightly-too-loud smashing of doors and footsteps throughout the environments, manage to pull off a good ""interactive storybook"" type of game.walking back and forth gets EXTREMELY repetitive after about 40 minutes, especially if you've dead-ended yourself in the wrong order. the only real mechanic of Home is a branching choose-your-own adventure. do you collect weapons and evidence, or leave it where it lies?the creepiness of this microcosmic game was made all the stranger by the fact the character's girlfriend has the same name as my girlfriend.Rachel... ? Are you there ... ?"
76561198063822147,Recommended,215670,23956744,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,thehellishgnome,Atmospheric. Engaging. Multiple ending give it replayability
,Not Recommended,215670,32520712,Posted: 17 June,all,Azerrvan,"It set up a good enviroment for the first 10minutes, but after going into 20 I already wished the game were over. The only reason why I finished was I wanted to hold on to the belief that this game wasnt that predictable. Turns out it was and I wish I could get my 1 hour of playtime back."
,Not Recommended,215670,22083689,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Home review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 1 hourPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? NoBest part – Initial intrigue soon devolves into boredom resulting in an overall underwhelming experienceWorst part – The pixel art style just doesn't work for this type of game, it's not scary or creepy at all"
,Recommended,215670,12831689,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Actual Dragon Tears,2spooky4me.
76561197978273353,Recommended,215670,784976,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Marhados,Not long like my review but fun and a little creepy.
,Recommended,215670,1150969,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Ivan,"First game, in which you can create your own story - not only your actions but also thoughts are shaping the way in what the game will end."
,Recommended,215670,1401972,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,<Therapists>Zodd,"Easy controls, kinda short, keep thinking something scary was going to happen but it never did. 6/10"
,Recommended,215670,1605225,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Weird game, but cool in its on way.I liked it.6.50/10"
,Recommended,215670,1981985,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Joseph Hicks,"The pixel art made me feel comfortable. The story depends on your actions: everything you've done in the current and previous areas seems to be taken into consideration when generating the next one. It's an awesome, one and a half hour build-up of questions, with some suspense, a couple of simple puizzles and one hell of a lot of possibilities. The tension builds-up all the way to the end... only to have it all blow up in your face. Turns out the game fails to take some decisions into consideration for the ending, and you get absolutely NO answers to anything, ever - you're left with even MORE questions. An awesome build-up to a horrible anti-climax. I've paid less than a dollar for it, so I sort of should've seen it coming. With that annoying bug and no ending, I don't think you'll like it. Not in it's current state."
,Recommended,215670,2209662,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,emter,Amazing experience!
,Recommended,215670,2488906,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Ex Nihilo,"It's an okay story with great atmosphere and great sound design. I would recommend it for people who want just that, but overall it was very short and kind of predictable."
,Recommended,215670,3533126,"Posted: 22 September, 2012",all,allanschnorr,"Home is an experimental game in which you help shape the story: how you react to the environment and how you interpret certain events will change the ending . It's similar in style to Lone Survivor, although there is no combat and neither an inventory. It's short, ~1 hour long, but for just $2.99 it's very worth it for those interested in an unique experience."
,Recommended,215670,6707519,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Tyk3,"GAME HIGHLIGHTS :1. Retro Pixel based Style, exploration mystery solving.2. Amazing story. Multiple endings. Good for 3-4 gameplays.3.Somewhat Dynamic level generation. You find new stuff in each gameplayMY 2 CENTS:If you lovegames for their stories more then mindless shooting and violence. Go ahead and buy this... Leaves you in such an awesome hangover that would keep you thinking hours after you finish it.Here is something really awesome about this game, when it ends it doesn't tells you what happened finally and how all the things fit together. It asks you questions and you answer Yes or No. Effectively it is making you tell a story to yourself. and that is the absolute brilliance of this game.It just takes over an hour to finish the game, so you can play it multiple times without committing too much time. For a dollar a piece this is just a steal for having an out of the world experience in gaming."
,Recommended,215670,6884708,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Juggs,"A pixelized, yet beautiful, indie game with an awesome story behind it!"
,Recommended,215670,7851057,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ritardedartkid,"An interesting game that's best described as ""choose your own adventure"". Your actions control the story so different decisions will have different outcomes. It will make you think without taking up much of your time since each playthrough is only 90 mins. I went through the game twice and never did get the ending I had in mind so I guess I'll just have to pretend I know what happened.7/10"
,Recommended,215670,7872499,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ganjika *,More folks should check out this awesome game.
,Recommended,215670,9314452,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,timeforplanZ,A Memento-esque mystery - be sure to head online and see other's interrpretations after you'd played it through once or twice yourself.
,Recommended,215670,9434964,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Zeroandx,"I cant tell you wheather or not Home is a good game. You need to play it for your self. You might love it and think its a unique narritive masterpice or you might hate it and think its a empty, shallow game that fails to deliver what it promises. Regardless of what you'll eventually think, its dirt cheap. Especially on sale (which is when you should be buying it, like any other game). So what do you have to lose? Nothing, thats what. Now buy it already so you can join in the arguement over its qualaty."
,Recommended,215670,592818,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,[ECHO4423],ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T 'HORROR' GAME THAT ISN'T EVEN SCARY WITH NO ZOMBIS AND NO SHOTGUN WTF
,Recommended,215670,2500131,"Posted: 4 September, 2012",all,Ravens\\,"This is a great game. Has great atmosphere and a creepy, mind tripping story where you can pick the outcome. I'm going to play it again to see what other endings I can get. You guys should all try it out!"
,Recommended,215670,3154569,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,CrawlinUK,"Needs to be picked up in a sale, there is no winning or loosing. You play through an interactive 8-bit style movie. The game should take no more than 2 hours to complete."
,Recommended,215670,3669999,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,Torchen,"I liked it. The game creates a tense atmosphere, encourages you to reflect upon the history and decide what ultimately happens. It's really cheap and delivers an interesting narrative. Worth playing if you enjoy thrillers."
,Recommended,215670,4925540,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,eromanga is a terrible anime,"I swear, this is a horror game. It isn't very jump-scary but the atmosphere is just spot on. It's beautiful."
,Recommended,215670,6390440,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,lililim,"I didn't expected this much ""horror"" when I bought this game - the creepiness kinda builds up with its ambient sounds and slightly disturbing sounds at times. The good thing is that It doesn't have any of those cheap scaring tricks. As you play, you will slowly learn more about the protagonist... and the story is what you think it is. It's interesting to read about how other players interpret the story and how different it is from mine - based on the different choices we made and the different things that we encounter. I recommend this for players looking for a short game with a unique story."
76561198047825530,Not Recommended,215670,7929001,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,cg CCCP,Looks interesting but freezing every minute. Impossible to play for me. (
76561197974101561,Recommended,215670,8624346,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Nemesis Legion,Set in a creepy horror themed atmosphere you play as a man recovering his memory whilst solving a murder mystery he might just be a part of. Having simple 2D graphics and even simpler gameplay this small indie title is more of an experiment in video game storytelling then an actual full fleshed game.
,Recommended,215670,9342829,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,neogetz,"Brilliant, side-scrolling, pixel horror game. Great storyline and amazing atmosphere create by supurb aesthetics and brilliant sounds. Rather than being a jump scare game this is an engaging spooky experience that keeps you gripped as the story unfolds.To see gameplay of the start of the game check out my videohere."
,Recommended,215670,9577918,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,CarlCX,"This is exactly the kind of experimental artgame thing I like to endorse super-hard but they're charging money for it and it's like fifteen minutes long so I don't know, dude, if you really want a CYOA horror story I guess you could do this but you should probably go track down a copy of Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark instead because it'll cost you the same after shipping and the drawings in it are scarier anyway"
,Recommended,215670,5753576,"Posted: 15 November, 2012",all,NIL0S,"Choose your adventure style, with a touch of 8 bit horror."
,Recommended,215670,6660199,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,P1nkie_P13,"A good little horror game with a great mystery to it. The only issue is some of the acts you perform don't seem to relate in any conceivable way to how the ending turns out, of which there are 15... I think. I know of 12 myself."
76561198053178736,Recommended,215670,7933144,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Starsomava,"To be played at night, with the sound on, when you wont be interupted.  it only took me about 100mins to get thru it."
76561198007725380,Recommended,215670,8021133,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,mantis,Buy it. The less you know the better it is.
76561197996494780,Recommended,215670,8606939,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Edward Grey,"Not as interesting as i thought it would be. Good on creating a stressful and threatening, disconcerting atmosphere, but since it never delivers on that threat it creates a sense of security that undermines the whole thing.Several passages prevent you from returning to previous areas and exploring more, effectively stopping you from uncovering more secrets, and there is never really a definitive answer to the mysteries you do uncover, making the choices you make important. I guess how that might have been the point all along, but the story wasn't interesting enough to make me want to go back do make different choices."
,Recommended,215670,532046,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Llobster,"Home is a great little horror/lite adventure game.  A play through only takes roughly 30-45 minutes but it's designed to be played 3-4 times to see how the story plays out each time.  A lot of the plot points are up for you to decide based on how you interperet the evidence you were able to find during the murder mystery.  The game is as much about what you clues you didn't find as to which ones you did.  There are plenty of points in the game where you will make one choice or forget to go back and check on something that you will want to revisit on subsequent play throughs.  The creepy atmosphere the developer was able to achieve was quite well done through sound, text, and pixels.  It is best to do each play through in one sitting, with the lights off and with headphones.  It was a really nice change of pace for an evening and I highly reccommend it for anyone looking for something a little different in between more time consuming games.  Also, it is super cheap so the short length shouldn't be a deterent to anyone."
,Recommended,215670,1378842,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Fugor,"One of the most intense hours of my life.No stupid zombies popping out on the screen, no shooting and running. Just solid storytelling and imagination-provoking graphics that will suck in (if you have any imagination left).Amazing work."
,Recommended,215670,1421531,"Posted: 11 November, 2012",all,Dr. Dogstreet,Genuinely creepy an atmospheric considering the 8-bit style graphics - don't expect too much in terms of action; this game revolves around exploration and discovering a backstory - similar to 'Dear Ester' in that respect. Take the game's advice and playing late at night with headphones and no distractions to get the most out of it.
,Recommended,215670,835802,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,try_again,Great experience and atmosphere. Play as recommended. Lights out and headphones on.
,Recommended,215670,1590083,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,blakmarkit,"This game, while only around an hour and a half in length, is an intriguing take on game narrative. It's quite an unsettling experience (though not full on horrifying), and relies heavily on your imagination and interpretation to fill in the visual and auditory sparseness. I believe this game is worth your time."
,Recommended,215670,2227059,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Confederate,"Home is a psychological thriller where every decision you make from what things you inspect through to where you choose to explore add up to give you one of multiple endings. ""The protagonist"" is trying to find his way home, but as you lead the way as ""the narrator"", our main man finds out just how much trouble they're in.For a cheap game that lasts exactly an hour and a half as the developer claimed, it's amazingly effective. I played it after midnight in full darkness with headphones on as requested at the start of the game and it made it a very eerie playthrough. It'd be nowhere near as effective if I played it during the daytime, but I could probably have gotten away without the headphones given I've got a surround sound set up.It's not the perfect game because one of the endings basically is a cop-out, but the other endings are much better. But again because this is a cheap game clearly made by a solo indie developer, I can forgive the minor flaws. It's a good thriller.EDIT @ 2014-02-23:More than a year since my original review date, I have not played this game again. Buy this game when it's cheap for a thrill, but I add the additional warning that the replay value of this game is very low."
,Recommended,215670,3041493,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,Г-н новобранцы,"Noisy stuff, scary,,, =)"
,Recommended,215670,4840984,"Posted: 26 September, 2012",all,squaллe,"Give it some time and it will absorb you. Also, every playthrough is kinda different, since you decide how the story ends and who to blame. Has a few plot holes, but for this price it is definitely a nice game to kill a few hours with."
,Recommended,215670,7334882,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,WoOOOOOodaba,"One of the better horror games out today, Home truly knows how to mess with your head and put you into a state of constant tension simply through it's sound design and graphics. There's an intruiging story here too, but if you're expecting something with resolution and all that sissy crap, you won't find it here. Home gives you the puzzle pieces, and lets you put things together yourself without treating you like a baby."
,Recommended,215670,7541872,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Kokoloko,"No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t jumpscares or discounthorror, but a clever story to interprete for yourself, very dark and atmospheric and definetly worth your time and a buck or two."
,Recommended,215670,7877167,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Caelianna,"While not the most complicated of games, I rather enjoyed it. It's a fairly easy to play, simple puzzle game where your decisions affect the outcome of the game. It's not very long (takes maybe an hour to play through completely) and has some repeat playability due to the multiple endings."
76561197986399090,Recommended,215670,8625558,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Keiserkarl,"You put on your headset and use aprox one hour to complete this game, for 3€ I think this game offers alot. Successfully atmospheric, and partly creepy. The story is rewarding and the game is playable a few times, with different choices to make each time.I bought it and enjoyed it. It's 3€Home ends up with a total of 7/10"
,Recommended,215670,8901416,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,n00b,"Great game/experience, it is tottaly worth the moneyI played scarier games but this still has some scares along the way, and the environment is also creepy (specially the forest).This game is all about a good storry and accomplishes it verry well, every event, every object has a piece of the puzzle and you decide what really happened.It has good replay value if you want to find more about the story.the good:+ storry is epic+ retro style is really nice+ sound effects are greatthe bad:- no ingame music- no gamma adjusting gauge (wich is essencial for a good horror game)4 out of 5"
,Recommended,215670,364159,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Bojangle,"A surprisingly awesome indie pyschological horror game with a pretty messed up story! Only about an hour long, but well worth playing through the once, just try and do it in one sitting."
,Recommended,215670,1253304,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,SteveWinwood,"The sound alone makes this worth playing. Spooky as all hell, and once you ""get it"" it's pretty genius."
76561197993646347,Recommended,215670,1481418,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Praxis,An interesting survivor-horror indie game. There isn't much too this game graphically and that may be just what adds to its charm. I was considerably on-edge all throughout my playing of this game.
,Recommended,215670,1627658,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Omegadom,"Home is a experimental horror game, and when they say ""experimental,"" they mean it.  The narrative, while still falling into some of the more traditional tropes of the genre, throws the user a very mean curveball toward the end of the game, and I'm about to spoil the heck out of it, so turn away if you don't like spoilers.Actually, I'm going to do the exact opposite of spoil the ending, because that is  the same thing the developers did.  The spoiler is that the game never spoils anything.  Nothing is ever revealed.  Was there a monster?  Was there a serial killer?  Were YOU the serial killer?  Did you kill your wife?  Did you even HAVE a wife?  Was it all in your head?  The games gimmick is that YOU, the user, get to figure out the story, and there is no wrong answer.  After the game is completed, you are prompted to go to the games website and input your own interpretation.While a cute idea, it didn't really work for me, and took me out of the ""scared"" mindset.  That, on top of the fact that the game itself isn't that scary (You cannot actually die) made me really unimpressed with the game.  The gameplay was one-dimensional, and the story played out like a choose-your-own adventure novel.  I'm just not really sure that style of storytelling works in the horror genre."
,Recommended,215670,1860107,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,DiskSystem,A truly atmospheric and unsettling adventure. Turn off the lights and put on your headphones. It's recommended to complete it in one sitting so play it when you have about 2 hours to burn. I really reccomend this one!
,Recommended,215670,4633191,"Posted: 4 September, 2012",all,L Ψ Kongroo,"Home is rather strange. You literally determine the ending of the game based on the vague clues and plot the game gives you.  Did you get dragged into this mess by accident or did you go on a homicidal rampage? The ending will be determined by what you take with you, and what you leave behind, and what you find.  Certainly a more psychological game: it plays a lot more like a story than a game in a sense. Get it on sale, as it's a rather small game."
,Recommended,215670,8047037,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Maxmetpt,"Home is a weird game. Don't be mistaken by its ""horror"" label, it's nothing of the sorts. Just a creepy atmosphere, but there's nothing horrifying about it (except what it may make you imagine, which is good).The premise in essentially that you're a man who wakes up in an unknown house...seemingly with amnesia. From there, you look for clues wherever you go, and according to what you look at, and even pick up, the game gives you clues about what may be happening. This is awesome! Seriously, it makes you change up your ideas during the whole game! Even if you have an idea about what might have happening, your next action might very well change it completely. Or it might strengthen it. This leads to a lot of replayability, and many different ways to interpret the same story.It's great! And yet, it's also pretty bad. Why, you ask? Its core ideas are really great, and, most of its execution is as well. However, due to the many, many branching paths, it sometimes get confused, and manages to screw it up a bit, mostly at the end.My big complain comes from the lack of a warning about the actions you can't undo. Some paths you take don't let you go back, and don't tell you that either, which leads to imense frustration when you're like ""Oh, I'll explore this room first, and then get back here..."" Well, no. Sometimes, it simply assumes you chose to progress with the game through that room, and it leaves you thinking about that one area you skipped, since you're unable to go back. And there is no save system, so you can't just go back, unless you want to play it again, doing everything in the same way, changing your pathing choice.This made my second playthrough very frustrating towards the end, specially since I chose not to read the very important clue and the end, to explore the rest of the house, and then go read it. But it simply didn't let me. And that completely ruined the ending for me, it really did. I'll have to go through it again, from the very beginning, which is NOT a bad thing, if you want to try something different. In this case, I'll have to go through it in the same way, merely changing the ending.This issue aside, my views on it are mostly positive. Its minimalist sound and graphic design work really well, and I love the way the story is presented, really great work. This is a game that even if it's short (about 1hour and a half for playthrough), it leads to a few playthroughs, which makes it very worth your 2€.I would have appreciated some music and not just ambient sounds, but it's not a big issue. Try it out! It will not disappoint you (mostly, since you might get frustrated if you ""miss"" the ending you were aiming for, but that is easily fixed with another playthrough).I'm certainly playing it at least a third time, maybe a fourth. Also, it gives interesting insight into game design and a different way to approach story telling, even if it needs some refining. Enough ranting now. Buy it, it's damn worth it."
,Recommended,215670,8736165,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Yaridovich,"7/10A very good horror game. Albeit extremely short, it's fulfilling throughout its entire duration.If you're looking for a long game full of jump-scary moments and situations involving dealing with monsters or enemies, this isn't for you - but if you're looking for a extremely deep and tense game that makes you think in order to understand what the hell happened, then Home is definitely for you.The ending can be different in many ways, depending on what you choose throughout the game - and not just in a ""it changes what happens after the game"" way, but it actually changes what happens throughout the game according to your decisions."
,Recommended,215670,8812564,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Replicant,"Remember that little short story you read that stuck with you for a while? Home is like that in a beautiful, pixelated game medium, with the difference that you influence the outcome of the narrative with your choices."
,Recommended,215670,183637,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Ninja Gaijin,Brings me back to the original A Boy And His Blob and Maniac Mansion styles.. so fond of these retro flashbacks.
76561198076464353,Recommended,215670,7986424,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,brian.j.draugelis,This game was amazing. Great story. I loved it. Dem feels tho. 10/10
,Recommended,215670,8543200,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,kalliopekat,"If you're looking for a game that you can invest dozens of hours in, Home is probably not it. But if you're looking for a fun, short  mystery to solve, Home is for you! It was great to play a game that is more about interpreting the clues and less on gaming skills. I played the game twice within 2 hours and enjoyed that I got a different ending both times. I will likely play it a few more times and make different choices to see what will happen. I bought Home during the Steam holiday sale, which means I snapped it up for next to nothing so I could hardly say it wasn't worth my cash. Don't let the low-tech graphics fool you - there is a great story to be unravelled. (Or will it unravel you?)"
76561197993236460,Recommended,215670,1434418,"Posted: 20 January, 2013",all,Food and such,"A ~90 minute long work of fiction, Home is a thriller definitely worth the low price. It's not anything amazing, but its open ended plot designed to make you wonder what really happened works well with the simplicty and short length of the game. Here's the safe code for the end of the game, 4R3UHER3 (use caps), you can get it from solving these items that came with the special order of the game:http://www.homehorror.com/wtf/if you don't open the safe the game will reset at the end and you'll have to go through it again so I'm saving you the time - this is not a real spoiler."
,Recommended,215670,1961322,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,poopy butthole,"Great 1-2 hour experience, where you create your own story by choosing how much you decide to explore."
,Recommended,215670,2530524,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,Ashercroix,"Home is pretty neat! It's an atmospheric side-scrolling horror/adventure game. You can interact with a ton of stuff, and the things you see/touch influence the rest of your playthrough and the potential endings you can get. There are no enemies, but the game's fluctuating narrative should definitely keep you engaged. Oh, and it's only about two hours long, which is good, because this game is a straight shot - no saving. (That's why it says I've played this game for a good 24 hours - I went to work and ran errands during a playthrough.)It says you decide what happens, and that couldn't be truer. At the end of the game, you're left with your experiences - the things you picked up, the things you saw, the things you did - and you actually decide what you think happened (I pretended that absolutely nothing happened - it made so little sense that even the MC was confused, lol). There is a TON of replay value; almost every outcome you can think of is possible. I liked it!"
,Recommended,215670,2918432,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,joshymaw :Ƿ,"Psychological horror written by your minute decisions. Very mean to the player, but in a good way, if you know what I mean."
,Recommended,215670,8017633,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DJKyzer,I adored this Indie Horror Adventure game. It's eerie and keeps you wondering what exactly is going on. I believe it has multiple endings and regardless I'll be revisiting this one again in the future.
76561198007817556,Recommended,215670,28906250,Posted: 1 January,all,AaToSMeD,"Home takes the simple “choose your own adventure” formula and twists it around to make something strangely intriguing.It allows you to shape your ending based on the decisions you had made in your play through.It’s not groundbreaking but for this particular game, its execution was marvelous. You would have to truly invest your attention to the game if you want the full effect of the game to work. Play it in the dark, alone and with headphones. It's worth the set-up.Be warned though, it is a fairly short 1 hour game but in fairness, it has a lot of replay value especially when you are trying to figure out theother endings. Don't let this little gem pass you by, give it the 1 hour chance!"
,Not Recommended,215670,29203645,Posted: 12 January,all,Gallowsborn,"Had the potential to be a creepy little experience. Sadly, even in the rather lackluster genre of ""side scrolling horror indie game"", this one was a little anemic. C-."
,Not Recommended,215670,1253547,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Law,This is really really really goddamn stupid and not even worth $1.
,Not Recommended,215670,8326998,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,panpizza5,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,215670,8708637,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Xause,It was a boring game.
,Recommended,215670,10498090,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,korefuji,"clever narrative, and contextual choices change the outcome of the story. it's up to you to decide what has or hasn't happened. it's very surreal, and at times sinister, but on the whole it was worth the cheap price. I would just wait for it to go on discount if you want your money's worth. There's even a warning to set aside 1.5 hours  to play the game, put on headphones and turn off lights. It doesn't work as a horror, but it does work as an interesting experiment in gaming narrative."
,Not Recommended,215670,8000860,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Ziggomatic,Do you feel like wasting an hour of your life on a horror game that very quickly shows it has no real substance or direction? Then play Home!
,Not Recommended,215670,23989643,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,uncolober,As droll as it is pretentious. ♥♥♥♥ it.
,Not Recommended,215670,14066237,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,SEA SHELLS BY THE SEA SHORPHEUS,i paid 3 dollars to play a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ terarria kill your cheating-♥♥♥♥♥-wife simulator
76561198068102627,Not Recommended,215670,33640181,Posted: 18 July,all,Qonstrukt,Lame walking simulator and your decisions and the story endings make no sense.
,Recommended,215670,167662,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,RadKit,"Fantastic. Like a choose your own adventure, with retro graphics, confusing as hell, leaving you to sort out what the hell is going on. Right up my alley.Also if you like this pick up, Lone Survivor and Gemini Rue... odds are strong you'll like those too."
,Not Recommended,215670,17601921,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,yuru,Very short explorational game with retro pixelated graphics. Not very much of value and replayability
,Recommended,215670,7981144,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Patreeeek,Scary Horror game i love it :D
,Recommended,215670,7578262,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Qu4tr0,"It's unbelievable how the ambience of the game as well as the narrative story that you control is all meld so perfectly together into one beautiful game. No matter who you are, I would say this game is a must have."
,Recommended,215670,6365339,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Froztbite,UNBEATIBLE GAME! THE BEST OF I EVER SEEN!НЕВОЗМОЖНО ЧУДЕСНАЯ ИГРА! ЛУЧШАЯ ИЗ ВСЕХ КАКИХ Я КОГДА ЛИБО ВИДЕЛ!
,Recommended,215670,11654748,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,samurai s bolwoi dorogi,ㅤ
,Recommended,215670,31384014,Posted: 26 April,all,Frankie,This game is so bad my hand broke and it hit the wrong button
,Recommended,215670,11080707,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,kelseyr713,"I really like that you, the player, are ultimately the one who decides how this story pans out. It's as horrifying as you want to make your interpretation. A short, tightly paced game that kept me moving forward despite how creeped out I was."
,Not Recommended,215670,30399318,Posted: 8 March,all,InfiniteAttack,Many bugs.
,Recommended,215670,25198758,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SpiffyBard,It was pretty good in my opinion. It was intresting enough to make me want to finish it.Easy to get 100% achievemnets if you're a completionist.It's a cheap game at $3 so why not. Also my first game on Steam so maybe that's why I liked :P
76561198090010354,Recommended,215670,9156823,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Dank Souls,this game is great if u love pixal games no its not a horror game its just creepy bc thats how u are meant to feel you need to explore the full game to get a good understanding of it
,Recommended,215670,1907160,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Phantom,"A very short, very good mystery/horror game. Give it a go if you like, $3 isn't a bad price for it."
,Recommended,215670,7759976,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,harrel bruh,"A truly unique side-scroller. I'm not a big fan of horror games, so when the opening screen called itself a ""unique horror adventure"" I was a bit skeptical, but while it is horror, it truly is unique. Instead of using a persistent enemy, your own weakness, or jumpscares to scare you, it messes with your mind more than anything else and leaves you thinking ""What if?"" throughout the entire game.This is due to the fact that every playthrough is unique; you could literally play the game a dozen times or more and every plaaythrough could still be unique - and it will always have a different outcome SPOILER:despite having only three different technical endingswhich gives it incredible replayability.I beat it while on a road trip and loved it immensely. Soon after, I talked my sister into playing it as well so I could see what choices she would make and how her ending would turn out. She's not a big video game player (she usually hates them), but this is one of few games she really enjoyed.From the games that I've played, this one is truly unique and I honestly have no complaints at all about it.I'd rate it a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,215670,7774188,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Bomadeno,"""It's alright"".+An interesting changing story which has multiple possible endings without being too obvious about it+Open to a lot of interpretation-Boring and irritating exploration bits that add nothing-Some horrible UI choices (on controller, speed text is ""right"" and next text is ""down"". Ugh."
,Recommended,215670,9195388,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,iamleyeti,"A very short adventure, well-written and full of mysteries. The best part of the game is strangely the website where everybody tells his or her version of the story. Weird."
,Recommended,215670,812375,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Waylander,I hate games with open end(s) so that's about it... if not for the weird ending. quite nice.
,Not Recommended,215670,7989457,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,WondurWaffle,ITS JUSTBAD
76561198072479998,Recommended,215670,9144385,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,The Grey Knight,Pretty decent game. Play in the dark is a must!
,Recommended,215670,1582593,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Vern,"It's creepy. The plot is actually way deeper than I thought. If you don't mind reading, like horror/mystery, don't mind a little interaction, and a couple quick scares, then this game is right up your alley. The only problem I had with this game is the 2D landscapes were a little cumbersome in that I almost got lost a couple times. The doors/trees sprites all looked the same. It's meant to be played in a single sitting, and can be played differently each time with a *slightly* different result. Emphasis on *slightly*. The writing style is thought provoking."
,Recommended,215670,2235335,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Cithryth,"This game is totally worth the $1-2 you pay for it. It's not a 'jump out and scare you' kind of horror game but rather a 'slow burn' of suspenseful anxiety as you try to figure out just what the heck is going on. In the end your mind will be blown. The decisions you make along the way change the outcome of the story, giving it replay-value."
,Recommended,215670,7522711,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,wcoastsands,Really enjoyed this short yet charming dark little game. It struck me as a spooky version of memento. You wander through a ghost town collecting personal affects with seemingly no memory of recent happenings. The flow and outcome of the game changes based on the choices you make.
76561197962555849,Recommended,215670,7523490,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,saMajesteDesMouches,I want to go home.
76561198091429458,Recommended,215670,8980490,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,ProudChief,"Home is an interesting case. It's certainly not great, not even good, but as an experience, is worth a look. The game doesn't tell you where to go, there's no music, and has no other gameplay besides collecting different objects and simply looking around. It could have worked better if it was more psychological about it, by adding a monster to get you, but plays on the part of that says that there is something out there after you, even when you know there isn't. Your simply a child running away from the mystical boogeyman that trying to get you and don't know when. The environment and sounds are well-crafted and quite subtle. Pick it up if your looking for an inexpensive, tense experience, pick it up."
76561198070474294,Recommended,215670,7753902,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,TigerLily,"Home is a pixelated horror game that I really enjoyed. The gameplay is rather intutiive and consists of moving your character and selecting items for puzzles. A run-through is a about an hour and a half. Replayability is somewhat limited but making different choices and getting different endings is interesting. The puzzles were enjoyable and kept major back tracking to a minimum. The graphics are pixelated which I really enjoyed due to the dark nature of the game. There is no music in the game only sound effects. The sound effects are great and really build suspense and dread.The game's plot is not linear and is up to interpretation, especially the ending. The game focuses on the player's choices and psychology. Although the game is labeled as ""horror"", the game is more about dread and the atmosphere of the unknown. This is not a game about jumpscares or scary monsters, but more about the suspectiability of human memory and how humans can become monsters. The creator of the game is also very engaged, making sure to fix bugs and even adding an additional area after the initial release.If you like a story that is interpretative, like suspense, or like psychological games, I would highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,215670,9767755,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,"Short and a little boring, althou it changes the story when you play again :) 7/10"
,Recommended,215670,21211640,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,the adopted (fuck you grub),"brilliant, adventure, brilliant game"
,Recommended,215670,54211,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,[GWJ] Datin,"I highly recommend this game.  Give it a 90 minute block, darken your room, and wear headphones.  Plus don't read anything about this until you play it.  So good!"
,Recommended,215670,873135,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,EF,"Actually a pretty neat little story game. Granted, I got it on sale for 1.24$, but imo it was worth it. Liked the atmosphere and story."
,Not Recommended,215670,130489,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,Tacoor,"the story was predictable, liner adventure, no puzzles, no enemies"
,Not Recommended,215670,286913,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Crispy Tacos,"The game, I'm sure, is fun on an average scale. However, the unresponsive controls (literally: the controls did nothing half the time) make this a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and I know that, when things got intense in the game, the non-responsiveness would only frustrate me."
,Not Recommended,215670,25177728,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ElephantgoCrazy: Studying,Pretty pointless game
76561197971253483,Not Recommended,215670,30604439,Posted: 18 March,all,NecrOdium,completely boring
,Not Recommended,215670,19323972,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,genoforprez,"A 2D walking simulator where absolutely nothing scary happens. You walk to the left, sometimes to the right, open doors, and press A next to things with a white box around them.Everything you examine and/or pick up is presented as some kind of ""clue"" that potentially explains some aspect of the aftermath in which you now find yourself, so for the whole game it seems like you are piecing together some kind of mystery. Usually in a mystery game you put together all of the clues and evidence and ultimately conclude what happened. But HOME just shows you a series of items in a sequence and then asks, ""What do YOU think explains this item? A or B?"" There is no way to honestly know the answer one way or the other, so you just pick one at random. It really doesn't matter what you pick, because the game just says, ""That is an interesting theory.The end.""REALLY?The game is essentially a 50-minute long opinion survey about itself. It takes a sharp turn away from being a pretentious indie game and instead veers headlong in the direction of being an oddly narcissistic one. Can a game be narcissistic? I wouldn't have thought so, but HOME has made a persuasive argument that it can.Also, there was a point in the game where the controller vibrated non-stop for ten straight minutes for no apparent reason. I almost quit there just to maintain feeling in my hands.The only positive things I can really say about it are these:1) The game does have a pretty good atmosphere.2) It's an interesting narrative experiment, even if I personally consider it a failed one."
76561198053256252,Not Recommended,215670,23514702,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,sweaty eddie,"This game is short, unscary and cost me £6.I was so dissatisfied with it, i had to convince one of my friends it was amazing so that they bought it, and i didn't feel like i was the only idiot wasting £6."
,Recommended,215670,5295086,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,THIS ISN'T MY HOME
,Recommended,215670,6582684,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,😺 Jolly Kitten,"Pretty nice game, actually.Minimalistic graphics, nice atmosphere, Steven King-esque plot, multiple endings.Also the game is pretty cheap.I rate it 6/10."
,Recommended,215670,2115905,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Real Soviet Bear,"I feel like Home loses it's focus after a while. It's not a horror game as much as it just obfuscates the story and tries to create an eerie atmosphere that way. There are a few jump scares at the start, but those stop as well.The strength of it lies in how you find out more about the story solely through exploration. It's a neat approach, but the whole veil of ""This may or may not have happened like this"" at the end isn't executed well enough to have you ask questions. It feels more like it's cryptic for the sake of it.But it's cheap and takes about an hour to finish. I think if you want to see yet another approach at video game narrative, you should try it out. It's the kind of flawed game that's useful to play.Also, it's not pretentious like say LIMBO. It just stumbles along the way."
,Recommended,215670,3762080,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,mediarulestheworld,This is a truly special game. I'm not going to say more about it because it's one of those games where going in blind is the best option. Go play it. It's cheap and has replay value.
76561198069671650,Recommended,215670,7778262,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Cucumbas,hooray for pixel horror games!!1!!
,Recommended,215670,9314544,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,THE LAW,"After 70 minutes of crazy fast paced action, I can say that this game is liturale the greatest movie of all time."
76561198346746018,Not Recommended,215670,31319393,Posted: 23 April,all,thatoneguygaming3,just abunch of cheap scares and takes forever before anything scary happens.
76561198002994478,Not Recommended,215670,7805335,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Styx,I paid less than £1 for this and I feel ripped off.
,Not Recommended,215670,13334994,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,munchm_),about half of it wasnt even at home
,Not Recommended,215670,9833277,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Commander LeD,This game is short and fails to build atmosphere. Story is nonexistant and ending is cut down to asking player a bunch of questions. You could just ignore the whole game and answer those few questions and that would be the whole experience for you.
,Recommended,215670,3046466,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Phallic Baldwin,this is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.
,Recommended,215670,14145923,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Daedric Dave,"Great indie game, definitely worth the money on sale."
,Recommended,215670,4944609,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,Snort Cannon,Great game really creppy great sound effects and it has a great story and its really cheap check this one out great game but damm its really short
,Not Recommended,215670,11876779,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Red Son,"Lone Survivor this is not. A ""horror"" game with no threats or moments of intense atmosphere. It's absolutely dumb and totally not worth your time. Go get 5 Nights at Freddy's instead, at least it has good r34."
,Recommended,215670,28207142,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Ryuu,"Simple and short ""decide what really happened""-kind of quest. Kinda like Firewatch, but way more open-ended."
,Recommended,215670,12577088,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,insomniac,"Simply chilling and thrilling, Home is a pixel horror that is not about running away from monsters, but doing so in your head. It is a mental game with many puzzles and although called a walking simulator, it is much, much more...Grapics- 8/10 Why so high you might ask? Well the atmosphere of the game is great and it ties in with the graphics.Controls-10/10 Simple. Easy.Handling- 9/10 You can feel yourself in the characters shoes.Story- 3/10 Not much here. If there was more meat on the bone I would have loved it but i cant say I knew what was going on at one or two points, basicly you are just trying to get home at night.Gameplay- 9/10 The reason for this being so high is that your character will have thoughts about your choices, and not even major ones. If you take the gun he is scaired because he think he will kill himself, or drop it/give away his position, etc.Creativity- 8/10 Done before but never like this.Price-10/10Hype-10/10 Better that expected.Overall- 8/10 The choice is your's to make, but for real $3 bucks is like a gallon of gas, just buy it!"
76561198030109730,Recommended,215670,26741430,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,trash god,it's alright i guess
,Recommended,215670,7936433,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Multi,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ THIS GAME IS▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄2 SPOOKY 4 ME░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐
76561198029680707,Not Recommended,215670,33104572,Posted: 1 July,all,Bdylanne,Meh...
76561197983747040,Recommended,215670,28263527,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,Grew boring very quickly.
,Not Recommended,215670,12800377,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,hauser,it's bad
76561198127419785,Recommended,215670,26327658,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,wyvern_lord3,meh
,Not Recommended,215670,28409250,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SAY10,Typical indi♥♥♥♥♥♥ Have fun
,Recommended,215670,3311867,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Stephen Stills,Here we go with another old styled type game. I know your sitting there saying dont tell me its good cuz it look liek♥♥♥♥♥♥n stuff man. >:I No only idiots think like that. Anyway this game is very well put together has some admittidly creepy moments. And has a very good atmosphere you dont get from most games. And this game ACTUALLY MAKES YOU THINK and no not with horrifyingly easy puzzles but with what is happening in the story as you progress. The story is good but its something you have to put together as you go the game is not going to set you on one path of story and tell you everything thats going on. So yes I did really enjoy this game. I found very little wrong with it. The only thing I possibly could have asked would be to make it a bit less of a run around and grab♥♥♥♥♥♥sort of deal in some spots but other than that very fun and definitely worth going and buying. Especially since it's only $3-4 dollars cant remember. But yes thanks for reading and ttyl.
,Recommended,215670,9877274,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dr. Brobotnik,"Though the game has a few technical issues, particularly with bigger monitors, this is a pretty fun one. The text-presentation leaves a lot to the imagination, so the more effort you put into immersing yourself into this game, the more fun you'll have with it. Open-ended storytelling and multiple endings based on your choices make this game pretty solid."
,Recommended,215670,9864831,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,0ctocat,II dont like it 2spooky4me
,Recommended,215670,9887662,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,MaNiFeX,Fun little 8bit game with great effects and simple gameplay.  I've been playing it with my headphones on and love the immersive sounds.  Worth a couple bucks!
,Recommended,215670,1377675,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Light,Quite an experience. A pyschological thriller that racks your nerves and makes you ponder your predicament and role in the story.
,Recommended,215670,5179368,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Walrus,"A very mysterious game, if you like those kind of games, this probably suits you."
76561198066735473,Recommended,215670,10671504,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,IvanaDrago,"I found myself moving faster and faster as the game went on. I couldn't help myself, I was searching for answers."
76561198081156049,Recommended,215670,10520446,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,WIII ~ esque,"good game for the price. could have had alot more to it. if you are planning on buying it for full price dont. if you plan on paying next to nothing on it while it is on sale, go for it."
,Recommended,215670,10524570,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Druren,Nice little game I think I will play through a few more times=)
,Recommended,215670,5104118,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Ian Klebold,Very unique horror game that keeps you  thinking and on edge.
,Recommended,215670,4318905,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,itsDVarin,"This one is thought provoking. For me, it is not a game... Its a story, and a decently told one at that. Theres no real challenge element involved in the point-and-click style play. [Home] feels like it wants to be a story more than a game. It claims to be a horror, but although chilling in places, i'd not call it horror. I was expecting 'scarey' and only got 'eerie'. That said. I think I liked it. Well for 47p I couldn't really be disappointed, could I? The game leaves you to decide the story's ending but the plot is so full of holes and open questions, you'll never be fully satisfied. None the less, it'll stay in my thoughts for quite some time. Very thought proviking..."
,Recommended,215670,496148,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Brodyquest Thundermunch,"Nice 60 - 90 minutes of spooky atmosphere when played in the dark and with loud sound. Good for a Halloween evening and well worth a few Euros. Can be played with gamepad, 100% compatible!"
,Recommended,215670,444473,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,spriggans,CREEPY!! $3 very well spent
,Recommended,215670,6852277,"Posted: 7 December, 2012",all,PictoPirate,"Atmospheric, horror without all the whizz-bang graphics of a triple A game. A really different and interesting experience with a thought provoking ending. For a couple of quid it's well worth the admission."
,Recommended,215670,9815527,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SepticK,Yeah was fine. Enjoyed the atmos. Will have to play again to see what else i can find.
,Recommended,215670,7225981,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,00100100,A Very Good Indie Horror Game.
76561198065934504,Recommended,215670,6421163,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,HTRidgway,"Home is described as a horror but plays more like a murder mystery type game. It's fantastic at telling you its story and everything that you do in the game, affects the end result. Don't expect any combat, tricky puzzles, multiplayer or even voice acting, but expect a detailed narrative that keeps your mind ticking well after the credits have rolled."
,Recommended,215670,6290735,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,MercySix,"honestly, if you wear headphones and turn the voluma ALL the way up, keep the lights off, youll probs get scared xD thought mr slender man was stalkin mehh"
,Recommended,215670,7607120,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,"Yancy Fry, Sr","Home. This game is actually very good. It has a sense of someone is always watching and the choice makes for a very interesting ending. Soundtrack is good, environment is solid, and the game actually does what it sets out to do. Engage you and put you on edge."
76561197998139498,Not Recommended,215670,1798137,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,alsafysh,"My 4 year old loves this game. Me, however, not so much."
,Recommended,215670,2156872,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Lizzie B,"Creepy, definitely makes you wonder, and trying to figure out what is going on is just as fun as exploring and trying to find your way out. Don't play this expecting a big challenge - that's not the point. It's an ""experience"" game that didn't forget to be fun and interesting."
,Recommended,215670,10003494,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,this.toxic.beauty,"I thoroughly enjoy the freedom this game gives you. Although short, it is entirely packed with atmosphere and it makes you really think about what is going on. I love that you decide the ending, and each one is just a bit more unsettling than the last."
76561197996941129,Recommended,215670,1720625,"Posted: 31 August, 2012",all,SLoTH,Intriguing game that built up an enjoyable sense of dread and left me pondering about it for a good while afterwards.
,Not Recommended,215670,9913179,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,bangladeshi harsh noise band,its boring and its about 30 mins long. dont do it.
76561198034580665,Recommended,215670,4256014,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Metafron,"A very spooky adventure game. Don't let the graphics bring you down. The sound in the game gave me some jumps here and there, and the story had me guessing and kept pushing me forward. Multiple endings depending on your choices. Great game for the price. Though i wouldn't call it HORROR. More a story driven, spooky adventure."
76561198013746553,Recommended,215670,9933328,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Infinity1967,"HOME is the story of man awaking alone in a house, not knowing how he got there and what happened.While trying to recover his memory he encounters strange places where some horrible things have happened.The story gradually unfolds by the choices you make which frees up some different insights he might have about the events you encounter. It's up to you how he remembers his life, what happened, why and how and what he did or not did and how it ends altogether when he finally reaches his home . . .Great suggestive atmosphere and a story that has an ending depending on the the choices/actions you made."
,Recommended,215670,5287270,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Lizard Gizzard,"The only true fear is your imagination, but be aware that no-one can save your mind from what lurks in the night."
,Not Recommended,215670,10110832,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,nicochacho,"I was ok to play it, I think. Was even scared a little bit, but in the end it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,215670,10183369,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Oreo cs.money,I got this game on a sale for 73 cents best 73 cents ever spent.  I would never spend 2.99 on this however it gave me 2 hours of gameplay! amazing
,Recommended,215670,625227,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Harambe-Norris,Really neat atmosphere
,Not Recommended,215670,10094908,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,The Bipman,too short.
,Recommended,215670,5373161,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Hot Fresh Ziggy,Great game!!!
76561198027925482,Recommended,215670,11334120,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Sixala,"This game is a nice short horror story, if you let it take you in that is. Of course you can just run through it, and there isn't really a way to die in this, but I myself had a few jumpscares. It has nice athmosphere for being a pixel game and it gives you a reason to think about your actions."
,Recommended,215670,4436678,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,night_trekker,"Home is an atmospheric adventure game with a concept clever enough that it makes up for a derivative setting and plot (or, more accurately, possible plot): you make the decisions about what actually happened before the game begins.  It's a safe bet that Benjamin Rivers is a fan of psychological horror games like the Silent Hill series and films such as The Machinist, and players familiar with such material will find nothing to surprise them. But the somewhat unique freedom that Home grants players to determine the story's details makes at least one playthrough worthwhile, especially considering the quality of the game's script and the low price."
76561198058960459,Recommended,215670,11391313,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kirby653,"If you are wanting a horror game with many scares, this probably isn't the one for you. There were about two parts, that I experienced, where I jumped a little, but that isn't what matters. This game is great at providing a terrifying atmosphere, and keeping you on edge at all times. The storyline is cool, and includes a lot of dialogue. There are also multiple endings. If you love games with atmosphere and suspense, I would recommend ""Home"" to you.(Spoiler... kinda) The game really makes you feel like something terrifying is about to happen and attack you, but from how I played through it, nothing did really. But I still love the way it did that, because it made me uncomfortable, at times."
,Recommended,215670,11392871,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,stillwwater,Get it now... Its better than quite a few full-priced AAA titles!
,Recommended,215670,4696149,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,neon_cacti,Great game! Worth the money. And now with the addition of level randomizing it has more replayability value to!
76561198061934954,Recommended,215670,11542758,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,misss.colleen,Home was the best two dollars I ever spent on a video game. Gave me the creeps.
,Recommended,215670,2128367,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,JaCieSune,just horrifying awesomness
,Recommended,215670,1786466,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Brentos,"Don't know why this game has so much hate. It's cheap as chips, and tells a really unique story. It's like a choose your own adventure. I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,215670,11526608,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,NoxArt,"It really isn't a horror game, barring a very few scares, the mood isn't really dense. It's a short mystery game with rather unique ending. It has a reasonable cost, so I can recommend it"
,Recommended,215670,6203821,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Don R. Wetter,I gave it a shot for only 1 Euro at this Summer Sale and I'm flashed. It's so amazingly and fresh to play and get in touch with the story. I can only recommend it to anyone!
,Recommended,215670,1045669,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,oh? henry,"Unique lttle murder mystery/spooky game. Takes about an hour, recommend doing it in one sitting. Unfold the mystery and figure out what happened."
,Recommended,215670,12171922,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,2 FKING Paxx,Best short game ever!
,Not Recommended,215670,12025167,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Arntor,Extremamente repetitivo e sem imaginação.
76561198046666438,Not Recommended,215670,12030477,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Pyrocius,"Pop quiz! Let's start! 1. Do you like Indie games? 2. Do you like horror/thriller games? 3. Do you like to spend you time doing things that make you happy? Well if you answered yes to any of those questions then turn yourself back around right now and walk away!Now I want to get this across, Home is not a terrible game if you're not expecting too much. It just failed to be a good game in many ways!Now the start of Home is quite promising and you find yourself to be a little scared while you're walking around the underground pipeline. As you delve deeper into the suspense of this ""spooky"" dungeon you'll finally find a door after breaking your leg and finding other misc. items which have absolutely nothing to do with the outcome of the game! You finally get an eerie chill once you finally get to the surface where you'll find yourself in an abyssal forest with your belongings on the corpses of random dead people (spooky). Then there's the tower, you'll climb up the tower and peer off the balcony at the top, and as you hear your character say ""It feels as if someone's watching me"" you can kiss good-bye to any scare value this game had to offer because it ends here. The rest of the game you just wander back to your house and find your dead wife to only find out that you're a murderer who killed her, and well every other poor soul you saw in the past 20 minutes. Then you'll get the suspenseful choice between killing yourself or just walking out the door. Now after all the non-existent character developement you'll find it so difficult to decide! Because, like everything else in this game nothing has an impact especially when the ending depends on what you choose. They just make you decide after the 50 minutes of gameplay how to finish the game. After having to come to a conclusion on whether what you should do you begin to feel cheated. I'm pretty sure I payed $5 for this game at the time I bought it and boy do I regret it. This game lacks any amount of good gameplay and fulfillment which is exactly where it lacks from beginning to the end! Now where this game can go right is if you're looking for a retro styled game that can bring back memories. The design of the world makes you feel relaxed and calm which the horror factor can pull away from. Now lets face it, 8-bit, 16-bit games like this one are now creating their own genre in our day and age and graphics like these are approvable, and to be honest I enjoyed them. As a final verdict I'd like to say that this game has a decent story where the gameplay failed. It functions perfect, and it looks good. Now if you're desperately bored and you honestly can't find any enjoyment out of the free games steam, or any flash game website has to offer then keep looking because even then this game is beyond boring. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,215670,12009090,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Toast Paradox,"[WARNING] This review is basically a breakdown of my playthrough/experience of this game. Therefore, it's pretty lengthy and contains spoilers, but it's worth a read if you don't mind the amount of reading, I'm sure a good portion of people who have played this game already can relate to what's written below.After sitting untouched in my Steam Library for awhile, tonight I finally decided to give it a go. I wasn't really sure what to expect, but with lights out and headphones in, I booted the game up and began playing.As I wandered about the starting house, I already became pretty interested in the premise. Exploring your mysterious surroundings in search of clues in order to piece together a dark narrative brimming with secrecy and murder seemed right up my alley. I made sure to search every room, check things multiple times so I didn't miss a helpful piece of dialogue, and made sure I picked up anything I came across in case I needed it later. I couldn't wait to begin unraveling this story.Then, I left the house, and appropriately ended up in the sewers.From then on, the game started to fall apart for me. Once the character started dropping comments about the handgun and knife I picked up as I searched through the tunnels and sewers, it was pretty easy to figure out what was really going on. But I brushed those thoughts aside and pressed on hoping that something ahead would add a new piece to the puzzle that would make me completely rethink my theories up to this point.Then, after completing a few more areas, the tedium began to set in. I was disappointed with the lack of complexity, the only puzzles being turning a valve a few times until they opened or navigating a ""maze"" of pathways to find more clues. At this point the main character has already beaten the fact that everything seems oddly familiar over my head too many times for me to really question anything about the story anymore, which made me wonder why I was even bothering trying to find all of these different pieces of evidence. But there was one major problem I had that seemed to keep reoccurring throughout my playthrough:The game faltered between rewarding and punishing you for exploring. While some areas rewarded a little back-tracking with a new key item you found for some more narrative, others decided that your curiosity should cut you off from everything else. The biggest example of this was during my time in the old factory. After coming across a door with a card reader, I remembered a note in the first house cryptically mentioning a key card and locker, so I quickly searched the different floors until eventually I found the card. I hobbled back to the locked door, and opened it to find... a hole in the ground, which served as an exit. A little disappointed, I went to go see what switching on the power would do... but couldn't. The game had locked me in that room and forced me to leave. I felt rather cheated; I didn't see any reason why I shouldn't be allowed to go back.Yet I still played on, just hoping that I didn't miss out on anything important.And after picking through the shop, I finally arrived home. This was it. It was the moment I had been waiting for, the big reveal of this tragedy. I pretty much knew what was going to happen at this point, but a bit of intrigue sprung back up from the interest of seeing how all of my previous choices and the discoveries I made would impact the ending. It was a rocky trip to get here, but I was here now. I scavenged the entire house, picked up that crowbar and ran down to the basement, ripped down that wall and carefully approached the pile of rags. The main character was quite nervous now, bracing himself for the horror he was about to witness... but then, something unexpected happened.He asked me if Rachel was in there or not, with a simple Yes/No response.Well... I don't know game, you tell me. Did the game really just blatantly ask me to choose what happens? I didn't really know how to respond. I decided to spare him the shock and chose 'No', to which he passed out from confusion. Once he gets up, I notice a bunch of the items I came across on my journey here are now scattered about the house. I go to examine the objects... each one asking if a certain event happened or not. With each one I examined, I couldn't believe it. After all of that, I was basically choosing what actually happened. I left the house, he rambles on about the decisions I made a minute ago... and the mysteries that were never solved? He basically shrugs them off, then rolls the credits. I sat there watching for a few minutes before I closed out completely.Now, I get that I could play through the game again to get the full story. There were probably a few things that I was missing that might have revealed something more substantial to me. But after beating the game, all replay value plummeted to zero. The fact that every decision you make during the course of the game is basically meaningless once you get to the end and basically write the ending yourself makes the whole process seem pointless. It just feels like lazy writing to build up a narrative for the entirity of the game, only to pass the reins to the player and have them create the conclusion instead without much closure. The fact that replaying a game that only took me a little over an hour to complete seemed like way too much trouble and tedium speaks for itself.All in all, this is a game that shows a lot of promise, but falls flat on its face and delivers only a tiny fragment of what it could have been. I'm sure a lot of you have already purchased this game from a sale like I had. In that case, you might want to leave it sitting in your Library in purgatory like it probably already has been. If not, then I'd say you're probably better jamming those dollar bills into a vending machine for a snack or a drink rather than dropping them on this game.It'll take a little less time to get through it, but like this game you'll only use it once before tossing it aside.And at least it'll be satisfying from start to finish."
,Recommended,215670,5601497,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Hugh Mungus,"Very good atmospheric horror indie game, it's very short too."
,Recommended,215670,10391242,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Spieluhr,"Think.. Gone Home without the sappy story, and with a bunch of decision-making that kinda alters the ambiguous story (it does have murder tho). And in pixels.I had a lot of fun! But beware, ending is unsatisfying (all of them). Also it's EXTREMELY SHORT."
,Recommended,215670,11941540,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Cade614,Good game not that scary though...
,Recommended,215670,11991132,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Chipekwe,"You know those times where you end up purposefully misleading your game alter ego, in order to protect them or yourself *from* them? I didn't, at least not until this creepy little game.I did as told -- set aside a little over an hour, plugged in the old headphones (pretty adequate soundtrack I must say) and turned off the lights. Next time I won't turn off the lights."
,Recommended,215670,4573428,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Natalie Cyanide,"Pretty cool, nothing great. Not an action game, but a story."
76561197983954591,Recommended,215670,8956875,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Marl,Fun game.  Very open story.  Leaves you to decide what actually happened.
76561198070136697,Recommended,215670,9069082,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ChieFan69,"we couldnt think of an ending, so ♥♥♥♥ it! you do it"
,Not Recommended,215670,9013248,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Ishanelo,er....what?
,Recommended,215670,10227151,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Meridianus,i thot this game was too deep for me because it had lesbian romance
76561198053862236,Recommended,215670,10202797,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Chrondog,Meh
,Not Recommended,215670,10044947,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,niXon/off,"So, a metroidvania-style level design to a 2-D pixelart horror adventure game should sound like fun, right? Well, I dunno. The controls and the pace of the game doesn't att all match the platform design - it's a slow experience and yes, it IS kinda unsettling at times. The graphic style is nice and the sound is ok, but overall I didn't enjoy it very much.4/10. Nice graphics, some cool story elements but it falls short on many levels. Didn't bother to play it through, though, so maybe I missed something. If that's the case: point it out, please."
,Not Recommended,215670,10690669,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,poosie_g,It's boring and nothing happens.
,Not Recommended,215670,11044278,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Kanna,"It's a murder mystery without the things that make murder mystery fun. The only parts left are the scary parts, but theres nothing that can actually hurt you so whats left is ambience. And the game does ambience pretty well for a sprite based game. The game has a lot of mystery, but it doesn't matter because you decide what happens. Your head canon is now the regular canon. So no real point to doing anything other than seeing the different endings you can get. Its only 1 hour long though and I paid 50 cents for it so I guess its worth the price.5/10 its not a bad game but I wouldn't ever seriously recommend paying for it."
,Not Recommended,215670,11020982,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,spiritbox,"I enjoyed the effort to create a 'Choose-Your-Own-Adventure' style game, but as the character states at the end of the game, it left me with more questions than answers. Nothing really happened during the course of the game, no real puzzles to solve, and the entire game was one large monologue. I enjoy these types of games, so I encourage the makers to try again."
76561198048707465,Recommended,215670,11023085,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ree,Story wise a great game. Loved the story manipulating part. Bit too short but it's okay.
76561198084762424,Not Recommended,215670,11024009,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Medium Fries,"This game is only 1 hour long and you just walk around unlocking doors in the short hour that it lasts. Not a good plot either, it ends to abruptly to be interesting."
76561197998315708,Recommended,215670,1811272,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,ziggi,Amazing game... i believe it's only one time adventure but still worth playing.
,Recommended,215670,3902712,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,белый стервятник,Not bad for 0.74$
76561198029394855,Not Recommended,215670,17298287,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,PaterickLaFou,Load eh♥♥♥♥♥♥♥4/10 Either write a story or don't
76561198055496591,Recommended,215670,17146882,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,CriticalGore,Creepy and interesting side scrolling horror game and is also very cheap.
,Recommended,215670,16998037,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,irskep,This game is appropriately priced. The atmosphere is good but I found the ending unsatisfying. A good twenty minutes of game.
,Recommended,215670,20992,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,John,"Home is what Dear Ester should have been, a dynamic narrative that can subtly change for each player. Unlike Dear Ester, Home is engaging. The closer you get to the end, the more tension builds in the game and in your own head, and your experience comes closer to mirroring that of the character you play. In Home, atmosphere is the star and it gets so thick you can cut it with a knife. It's one of the few horror games that really filled me with a sense of dread and unease as I moved cloister to the end. I had two issues, you can't save and one flawed puzzle at the end. The game is an hour or so long so I had to abandon my first attempt at about 30min in. One of the final puzzles requires an alt+tab out of the game to play an ARG or just google the answer, breaking the experience either way. Overall an excellent experience, double so given the low price of admission. Also, the developer seems cool, he answered my question about a mac version on twitter :P"
,Recommended,215670,2269713,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,«๖ۣۜMk17»UnknownSoldier137,"What at first glance appears to be a simple game actually goes much deeper in the form of questions as to what has happened. There is no gameplay variety, few scary moments and not much in the way of audio, yet it is surprisingly entertaining, and has more replay value than is expected. The game takes about 1 hour to complete but there are different ways to end the game. If you are ever bored and are a fan of atmospheric horror games I recommend this game. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,215670,16610399,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Heisenbutt,"It was allright for a 90 minute playthrough, but I'd recommend getting it on sale or in a game bundle."
,Recommended,215670,7573943,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,dollarsshower,"A beautiful horror experience that will stick with you after the hour or so it will take to beat it.  The ending will leave you wanting closure, but try and create it by yourself.  Highly replayable, couldn't recommend enough."
,Not Recommended,215670,16504850,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,acttinium,it was. okay.but i wouldn't recommend it.story tried to be deep.it tried.
,Recommended,215670,2648311,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"Short (around 1.5 hours gameplay), but a neat little Murder Mystery game. It doesn't cost much, it doesn't take long, and its entertaining. ***"
,Not Recommended,215670,1724962,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Tony Yayo,This game is perfect if you would rather eat a fresh♥♥♥♥♥♥than burn a dollar.
,Recommended,215670,13441212,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke,"For what it is, it's great. A short story that will leave you with more questions than answers. Great atmosphere and ambience. Definitely worth a playthrough."
76561198059284580,Recommended,215670,16280181,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,hunne,"So...do I recommend it....depends on what you expect.It sure as hell is no Silent Hill(which I played the first time alone in a hut in the woods on a b&w screen - scared sh.tless 20/10).The fun in this game, me thinks, is to play it over and over again with every instance adding to the mystery (not exact horror) and making you think what could have happened to whom and why and in what order.I´ve only been through one time so far (65 minutes) and came up with a rather obvious conclusion which leaves a lot of odds and ends open. It certainly makes you think if you are able to immerse and identify yourself with the protagonist - or is he an antagonist? Find out for yourself :)It is not really scary due to the low resolution and at first glance I was pretty sure to get to see some mad scientists´ lab and an Edsel too (those who played the game I´m speaking of will know, others just don´t - haha).So, if you´re looking for some snack inbetween other games, give it a try and do not spoiler yourself.I´ll give it 6 out of 10 points - one point had to be taken due to really low-res graphics and anotherone for not being able to save at all but it doesn´t take ages to get to the end."
76561198140442560,Recommended,215670,16832703,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,IAmThePonch,"More experimental than anything, but it's cheap and worth looking into. Can't really say too much beyond it's very exploration based. There is no definitive answer to the mystery, but the short length means it's easy to check out what other solutions to it there are. With the price tag it has, it's worth picking up if only to see a narratively experimental game in action."
,Not Recommended,215670,16462931,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Low,"it's a very chill game but it was not scary at all even though you may hear strange noises. You mostly just wander around the game finding clues and interacting with objects but yeah... Was not my thing, I was hoping for a little more, even the story was not that entertaining for me..."
,Recommended,215670,7463936,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,✨AskingForTrouble™,"This isn't just a horror game, Home is a mystery that can never truly be solved."
76561197979424893,Recommended,215670,18081609,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Horst Hornisse|Vs|Hubschraubaer,"""Home"" invites you take part of an interesting and a bit confusing story. So while you step forward the story develops differently according to your decisions.For a simple pixel game it can get really scary except you play it, how you're told in a dark room.I was positively suprised!"
,Recommended,215670,17471604,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,alienate9058,Fun game worth the time of a full play through which isn't long but there are multiple different endings depending on what you do through out the game. I'd give it a solid seven worth a play.
,Recommended,215670,675039,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Geeky Meerkat,Nice short little game. I would suggest getting it.
,Recommended,215670,16974778,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,وهمي,"I really hate ARG puzzles and the biggest puzzle in the game is one.Really good atmosphere and pacing. Story telling is pretty inventive and a good idea, yet upsettingly ""inconsequensial."" Worth experiencing once.(the ARG puzzle is the safe code. the answer is found in the instruction manual on the ""odd"" page.)"
,Not Recommended,215670,16846827,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Apples,"Could have been interesting, started out pretty scary.  However, as the game went on, it went from ""Interesting"" to Boring really fast. Instead of getting scared, which is the purpose of a horror game, all i got was lots of reading and choices im pretty sure didnt matter. In the end i was rewarded with a long wall of text."
,Recommended,215670,18021665,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JackBNimble,"I can't talk about it much without spoilers, but trust me: play Home.The minimalist pixel esthetic lends to charming visuals and the sound ties in perfectly to create a uniquely-suspenseful atmosphere in so simple a game.Every fan of suspense, pixel graphics, or simply games as art should play Home.Simple and moving. 10/10 pixels"
76561198042251139,Recommended,215670,4829206,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,dodgee_brummie,"Short, but quirky experience. Love this and totally recommend just to kill an hour or so... 5*"
,Recommended,215670,18101628,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mr. Skull,"Spooky, Lo-Res game.  No fighting, not much 'action'; mostly psyhchological.  Nevertheless, fairly scary on the first playthrough, in the dark, with headphones on, at 1 AM-ish.Definitly worth it, especially if you can get it on sale."
76561198134455049,Recommended,215670,15543031,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,CDrew,"A very interesting narrative concept. There isn't much to it gameplay-wise, not even the cannonic puzzles which you would expect, but this game is a good tension builder and the way it makes you shape your story is definitely worth a check.Pros:+originality in concept and design+interesting story+A LOT of significant narrative choicesCons:-not much actual gameplay involved-might seem a bit repeatitive at times, especially considering the graphics-some of the narrative isn't written very wellConclusion: Definitely a unique and worth-checking game!"
,Not Recommended,215670,16218007,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"I cannot explain just how much of a let down this was, I love games like this, but the ""story"" sucked, the ""checkpoints"" sucked, the whole game really kinda just sucks."
76561197995510778,Recommended,215670,8969294,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,pewpewchaz,"The reason that I had bought home was because it was on sale for 1.50$, so I said; why not buy the game? it turned out to be an excellent adventure game and the thought that there is so many endings, you will never, ever be done with it. BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,215670,8996802,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,2XB.eu ∞ Mitch,An indie exploration game about a murder story. Just a short play time (about a hour) but a interesting ending.
76561197982961133,Recommended,215670,10240196,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Elomi,"Home is an interesting story. From the first moments when you wake up in an abandoned, derelict, house all through the rest of the game there is a definite feeling of being chased by something.The various choices your are offered in the game skew the game towards one of the multiple endings. The nice thing about a large number of the choices are that they are optional. Some areas, and thus options & backstory, of the game you can bypass completely simply by not exploring and taking the direct route.The game comes in at about an hour's game play per sitting, which some will find horrendously short but I found was about the right length for the story that was being told. As stated above the game has multiple endings depending on the choices made throughout the game so the replayablilty is good trying to get all the various endings.Overall, I enjoyed Home and the story that was being told."
,Recommended,215670,10378167,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,UncleJazz,"Keeping with the happy reviews as another indie game I have played, has not dissapointed. Home is a short, pixelated, side scrolling horror game, which is based heavily on reading and exploration. Given the details mentioned this game is surely not for everyone, but putting that aside, why is it good?Home is a very atmospheric game, giving players just ambience to listen to throughout the 1 hour long experience (I use this word instead of game on purpose), the story follows a man who has woken up in a strange, unkown place, and is set the main obkective of returning home, to find his wife. As you get closer to home the story delves deeper and more questions arise, finding strange objects and horrifying scenarios, but maintaining zero jump scares.Home was enjoyable to play, being a game I could start and finish in one sitting, but as stated earlier there is no really exciting gameplay, but more of a filmic experience. I give Home 6/10"
76561197998342269,Recommended,215670,1813622,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Tallin,Really really good story.Mind ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,215670,2171698,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Yeot,이도 저도 아닌 개 쓰레기 ㅡㅡ 처음엔 총나오고 긴장감 고조시키더니 개미새끼 한마리조차 안보이고 혼자 돌아다니는 게임
,Not Recommended,215670,15396587,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Ben Dover,Interesting take on a generic story...All too predictable and pretty short either way. Buy on sale if you really wanna play.
,Recommended,215670,16141749,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Crazy Legs,crunt
,Recommended,215670,15084520,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,kimbojones,"Reminiscent of text-based DOS games I used to play, except I get to just click instead of having to figure out just the right thing to type. If you remember and liked those, give this a try."
,Recommended,215670,15085465,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Rawrlicia!,"I enjoyed this game.  I love to explore and read in any game-little details make me happy.  I had a terrible sense of dread throughout the entire thing-it was very suspenseful.The only way it could be improved would be checkpoints I could go back to-I liked the first playthrough, but am not curious enough nor willing to sit through it a second time to see a different ending.SPOILERS DO NOT READ!At first I was terrified I would find my poor dead wife in the next screen, or the next-when I found the notebook, I was even more afraid.  I had already figured someone had been stalking us, but with her name on a killer's list I was POSITIVE ""the ♥♥♥♥♥ is dead"" (Actual, unprompted quote in a crowded living room by the way) An empty campsite!  Could Rachel and I have been attacked here?  A bloody piece of cloth on a crashed train!  Did Rachel flee her would be killer?  Is she okay?And then things started to kind of...fall apart.  Could I...could this man I was controlling be the killer?  Of these two girls on the other side of the river?  Of the security guard, of...Rachel?I thought it was rather meaningful, at the end, when it asked me if Rachel was beneath the rags.  I didn't want her to be.  And so I said no.  And thus began the real illusion, the full psychotic break with reality.I didn't have a wife.  Certainly not a dead one in my basement....time to take this knife somewhere safe and secure..."
,Recommended,215670,14731907,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Nikulás Stronggoat,"Great Game, Very Mysterious had a whole Play Through on my YouTube Channel.There need to be more of these kinda games. Great Game.R.I.P Rachell curse Norman"
76561197969591532,Not Recommended,215670,14740248,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,kiwistalk,Lame.I walked.I clicked.I read.I told the game to tell me Yes or No.Credits roll.Uninstalled.There's a few neat sound effects though...
76561198046922723,Recommended,215670,5246213,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Sir VG,A short little creepy title with enough mystery to leave you wanting more.
,Not Recommended,215670,7525601,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Scenery,boring as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,215670,15819627,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,LyriLee,"Pretty cool game. I've played through it a couple of times to get different endings. There are entire things in the game that appear/disappear based on choices to even just pick things up or not. Very creepy atmosphere that translates to the player, the soundtrack has some sudden noises in it, a couple made me jump, which is hard to do, I play a lot of horror games."
,Recommended,215670,775166,"Posted: 7 September, 2012",all,Madison Avenue,"Meh, almost interesting, almost entertaining, but in the end...I just felt annoyed and incomplete."
,Recommended,215670,3082812,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,BunkeredFaun,This.... Was amazing... I am scared.... I dont know... It was.... Just amazing...
76561198084351878,Recommended,215670,13529232,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,God Head,"It´s a deep atmospheric game. I really enjoyed it to start the game with no clue what just happened and even if it´s a little bit short, it tells a story, which could make you goosebumbs."
,Recommended,215670,13529745,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Scarf Ninja,"Short and sweet. It does a really god job building a scary atmosphere, and the story is interesting. Wish it was a little longer!"
,Recommended,215670,4534607,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Spaz9K,Total headfook.. Best played in the dark with headphones.. It's way better than it looks.. Honest..
76561198068438515,Not Recommended,215670,6536252,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Spitfire1303,"DO NOT fall for the catchy phrase, ""unique horror adventure game.""  Such a disappointment. You  are not  really choosing your own path as it states. The biggest flaws I found were the spelling and grammar errors! It is a story-based game filled with lots of text; how can you not double check these things?"
76561197980787666,Not Recommended,215670,13455127,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,yubman,Not much of a game.  More like a video graphic novel.
,Recommended,215670,13418739,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,BrevonUltima349,"It was an interesting mystery game that felt like a visual novel with limited character controls. I enjoyed playing this in the dark since it added to the somewhat creepy atmosphere. However, I wasn't that impressed.While I did notice myself anticipating what could be in a hidden area or the next room or outside in this solo adventure, I never got the jump-scare payoff I was hoping for, just lingering uneasiness that turned into boredom about 3/4ths of the way through.Only worth one playthrough, unless you want to explore every nook and cranny. I reccomend this game as a casual way to kill time and a quick mystery fix, but not as a game you'll want to come back to again."
,Recommended,215670,3495342,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,YppleJuke,"Прикольная, интересная игра в стиле Сайлент Хилл"
76561198095997088,Recommended,215670,7244527,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Player 5,This game is CRAZY. (Mabey in a good way)
76561198053923250,Not Recommended,215670,14815136,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Captain Britania,A very simple game that i do not feel was worth the cash. Reminds mw of old adventure games we use to program back in school.
,Recommended,215670,328614,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Predo,buy a book.worth more
,Recommended,215670,15272416,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,CaptBananas,"Lights off.Headphones on.Sound up.Start playing. Cat meows loudly in my ears after entering the second room and I sh*t my pants.10/10, worth every penny.I just wish I hadnt eaten Enchiladas the night before."
,Recommended,215670,2487208,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,The Majin,"I never killed anyone... I wouldn't even touch a gun. Ever. Much less that crowbar, and we won't speak about the knife in that one place. So it can't be me, can it? It must be someone else.I just have to get home and make sure my wife is alright....But where am I... Some times things just get a little fuzzy...______________________HOME is a fantastic psychological horror game at a fantastic price. It deserves to be bought and played. It can suffer from too much ambiguity in some playthroughs depending the options that are presented and your related choices. Each playthrough is meant to provide a unique experience.HOME is a game where everything clicks for its genre. The setting works, the sound is right, the graphics are done well. The right atmosphere is created.If you like psychological horror and are interested in the randomly generated story experience creating a unique playthrough each time then HOME is a game you should play."
,Recommended,215670,9724177,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jayme Allen,"Minimalist horror game.  Succeeds at the minimalist part, not so much at the other two."
,Recommended,215670,10155712,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Uncle Fungus,"Home is a very unique horror/adventure game where you control a very skeptical man who wakes up in an old house, failing to remember anything that has happened before. It is your job to get him home (hence the name) and find out what the hell caused all of this, finding out a few shocking secrets along the way. The best part? YOU get to decide how it ends!Personally, I really enjoy this game, and I have no idea why it receives so much hate. It is one of my favorite games in the horror/suspense genre, as it has kept me in suspense quite a few times. The only downside is that the game is rather short.If you like horror games, Home is definitely worth a look-see."
76561198106420546,Not Recommended,215670,13132859,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Anti-Matter,"I wouldnt reccomend this game to anyone because it wasnt scary. I it was also bad because everything was easy untill you got to the part to the pipes and then I was completely lost, It wasnt hard to do just confusing."
76561198060376253,Recommended,215670,6164295,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,[F]ЦПKY [B]ӨY,"A very cool side scrolling murder mystery game. Full of insane plot twists and mind twisting events. A game wherw YOU choose how it all happened.Give it a shot, you'll like it!...DO IT!"
,Not Recommended,215670,13125615,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ken-kun,"This game was okay, but by no means perfect. I think it definitely justifies its price tag, but I wouldn't buy it again given the choice. THe game plays out like sidescrolling text adventure, to be honest. There's a lack of any type of puzzle, and the focus is on the story. Which was probably a good decision because the story is... decent? It wasn't mind blowing, but it worked for what the game was. I'll admit Home had me backing away from my computer (in fear) a few times, but there weren't any huge scares. The biggest scares came from jump scares in the background, cheap grabs done to make you jump. All in all, this game was an okay playthrough, but I doub't I'll ever touch it again. 5/10."
76561198128950336,Recommended,215670,13134257,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,ShrubLord,"It's a quick game, took me an hour.The whole time you're trying to find the killer and you keeping getting closer, then a dead end.  The ending is great.This one goes to Eleven (out of five)."
,Recommended,215670,11546478,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Dixie Flatline,"Took me an hour, cost me 2 quid. It killed some time, and I got told a nice little story. Dont expect anything mind blowing, but its cool to pass the time and anything with Pixel graphics is nice in my books. As for anyone saying ""I want my money back"" Grow up, it was 2 quid, get over yourself."
,Recommended,215670,11590543,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,deadcantdance,"A game with pixelated graphics as a style element. You wake up, what happened? You walk around get multiple choice questions you have to answer and at the end you build your own background story. Very interesting game, but way to short."
,Not Recommended,215670,11775657,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Regurgitation,"This game is JUST atmosphere. It goes on a long long time, where at first you think 'oo this is spooky' till later on when you just want SOMETHING to happen or it to end."
76561197962133942,Not Recommended,215670,11747227,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,PlayTheBanjo,"This game is seriously terrible.  it's a 2d side scrolling walking simulator.  It's not scary as there are no enemies (that I found) and you can't die or be hurt.*SPOILERS FOR THE END BELOW*The end of the game literally asks you what you think happened, which it then confirms, making the rest of the game pointless.  There's little agency and no challenge.  It's really, really bad."
76561198080697133,Recommended,215670,6960852,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,anefariouslamp,Yes.
,Recommended,215670,11054676,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Soixante,"Quite a good game, very eerie and quiet. Story is very deep and some endings are stange, some are good. No enemies or jumpscares (though there will be loud banging here and there.) Overall I liked it, its a short game but definietly worth the $3."
,Recommended,215670,11112562,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Michelle Obama's Arms,"In terms of gameplay and player interaction, this game is quite minimal. This is most certainly an interactive story, and you should take the advice of waiting til dark, shutting off the lights, and playing for a little over an hour, just to beat it. It adds a lot to do it in one sitting. For the three dollar asking price, I most certainly recommend Home."
76561198139453056,Recommended,215670,11112686,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Cable,I have this awsome game on the IOS-4S that costed the same price but beside that it's a very good example for a pixel horror game. So I give it a 8%10.
76561198054516670,Recommended,215670,10789012,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ShadeDaystar,"A fun little point and click that never quite seems to tell you what ""really"" happened."
,Recommended,215670,10795863,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jkittrell94,"I really enjoyed the style of gameplay and the story in this game.  It was a really short game, I beat it in one sitting, but the story was excellent.  Plus, I got it on sale for $1, so it was definitely worth my money."
,Recommended,215670,10890384,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Salvador Taco,This was a fun little game about finding out wtf was going on. Not bad.
76561197970552244,Recommended,215670,11493271,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Tim97NSX,"A short (hour, hour and a half) game where you wake up to discover something bad has possibly happened. But what?  Your decisions throughout the exploration determine what the final story is. When the game is over, you can go to the dev's web page and compare your story's outcome to those of other players. Pretty cool. I don't want to give anything away, but it's pretty creepy and I think the story's outcome tells a bit about the person who is playing the game, and I find this quite intriguing. I definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,215670,11926379,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,CrockerComics,"Very cool game with an interesting changing storyline.  It's basically a choose your own adventure book with game like visuals, and I'm usually not into these kinds of games, but this one kept me interested.  For the price it's worth spending and hour on and then checking your ending with all the other endings online.  Still, it's worth the price of admission.  Check it out, preferablly on Halloween."
,Not Recommended,215670,11861688,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Kobold Kommando,"An attempt at bringing horror and suspense but ultimately falls flat due to being not very interesting. A great pity, the format had potential but it is not fufilled and lacks variation or interesting things to do. More akin to a story than an actual game and no  real choices that lead anywhere interesting. Too short and not that interesting to play."
76561197960862414,Recommended,215670,57783,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,BBOOoooHHhhhEEAAAaaaa!!!(C=64),Comprate Home ratattly!!
,Not Recommended,215670,11842903,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Din0kid,"This game is horrible. You realize what happened about a third of the way through the game, and the rest is just walking around doing useless tedious tasks. I honestly wanted to bash my monitor in halfway through it. Sure, it's an interesting and sad story, but it's just not a good game."
76561198043196725,Recommended,215670,10597985,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,KR1STAL,"I rate this 6 spooky skeletons out of 10. It's some what spooky and has a very weird strong story that i wish could've been better and i wish it had better character development, but over all it was good. Totally worth 3 bucks :3"
,Recommended,215670,10572428,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,McNoodle,This is a good indie game probably worth 3 dollars but like -50% offA good start for thier buissnessKeep up the good work!Its a good game I recommend this game!
76561198044932653,Recommended,215670,10573730,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Shyft,This game is definately worth the price the sell it for. It has a nice atmosphere and it's an all together pleasant experience from beginning to end.
76561198010528672,Recommended,215670,11089720,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Teddy Bonkers,"A relatively simple adventure game that can be completed in a sitting. For a couple bucks it's a worthwhile experience, but mostly for people who enjoy the genre and dig interactive storytelling. A good place to start if you're interested in getting into them."
76561197988485895,Not Recommended,215670,11079312,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,stinkybritches,"in conclusion, I feel rather dissapointed. the whole ""create your own adventure"" thing doesnt work when it comes to a game filled with possible clues to find or ignore. I just feel like I may as well have sat down with notepad and written my own story at that point, because you literally get to decide how you wish to interpret what the ending really means. I give an A for effort and an idea that had alot of potential but how it was delivered honestly kindof bored me.play this only if you have played every other worthwhile game on steam and absolutely must have something new to do for the next 1-2 hours, otherwise, move along."
,Recommended,215670,13061833,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Pl0tterGhost,A little weird at first but it's a great (interactive) story. I really liked the pixel art.If you have two spare hours I would recommend playing this game.
76561198124143479,Recommended,215670,13003869,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,mad_randall,"Home pits you in a murder mystery where the stroy branches on every small decision you make. For it's cheap price, there is a lot the game does right in terms of atmosphere and it's experimental take on narrative. This game doesnt deliever on scares, and neither does it want to, for the hours duration, you are sucked into the dread of situation suprisingly easily (even better if your wearing headphones in the dark). As a great way to spend an hour for a couple of quid, I recomend it, esspecially as the discussion about the games narrative begins at the games end.PROS:Great SFXExperimental narrative hits the markThe story is your own, encourages discussion.CONS:Slightly predicatable towards the end.Great narrative, but an average story.7/10"
76561197996168365,Recommended,215670,1668880,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,Morozhnii Negr,http://homehorror.com/whathappened
76561198042217697,Recommended,215670,12991016,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,redhedmage,"The art alone is worth more than the price tag, it has great ambiance especially for a pixel game. The story is well paced, even if you're like me and have to stop and poke every single thing. Admittedly, it is pretty easy to trip over - miss one crucial clue, and you've lost a good chunk of the storyline - but I thought the meta-conversation was very interesting. After trying so hard to immerse you in being the main character, it's an interesting tactic for the game to suggest that maybe you never were."
,Not Recommended,215670,12921361,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,NoriMori,"It was okay. Maybe I just didn't make the right choices, but I didn't find this game particularly fun — I got pretty bored, to be honest. Nor did I find the ending satisfying, interesting, or impactful.I also didn't appreciate how they executed the choices that determine the details of the ending. Asking the player what to have the player character do is one thing. Asking the player what the results of those actions were, or what someone else did — which is what it started doing near the end — is something else entirely.There are many doorways and branching paths, so I got lost a lot, which wouldn't have been so bad if I'd been given the freedom to explore fully. But sometimes I would go through a certain door only to be told that I couldn't go back, or that the character didn't want to go back. That would have been nice to knowbeforeI went there, that way I could have gone back and explored the rest of the area. I understand that a story where your choices determine the ending is one where you will have to forego one path in order to take another, but I would have appreciated some warning before the game made those decisions for me. Otherwise I'm not really the one choosing what happens.The game did not make it clear when my actions had been effective. An example: Turning a valve. If it needed to be turned again, I'd expect the character to state this out loud, without my needing to examine the valve again. I don't think I've ever played a game where this wasn't the case. But in fact, it wasn't until I went where I was trying to make the water level descend and saw that it hadn't worked, then went back and examined the valve again, that the character told me that there was still water running through the pipe.Lastly, as I approached the end, the game made sure to make me regret my choices by bringing up things I could have done but didn't. It felt like the game was giving me the finger for not doing ""the right thing"", which feels unfair when the point of the game is creating your own journey. What's worse is that one of those things that I didn't do, was not because I didn't want to do it, but because I didn't realize at the time that Icoulddo it. The game didn't make it particularly clear at the time that it was something I could do there, and I had been under the impression I had to find another place to do it. Nope, apparently not, and by the time I discovered this it was too late.But, I won't say youshouldn'tplay it. It's only $2.99, it's a nice time-waster whenever you have an hour or two to spare, you might like it better than I did, and I'm sure it might be fun to play it several times and see what other kinds of endings and details you can get. But I personally don't have much interest in doing so.P.S. The only technical gripes: 1) The cursor didn't disappear the entire time I was playing, which got pretty annoying. 2) The game doesn't tell you at the beginning that you quit by pressing Q. Esc did not work, so I had to use Cmd+Q. I thought this must be a bug, until I finished the game and it told me to quit by pressing Q. I guess I should have thought to try that, but the game also should have told me at the beginning. Not to mention they might want to consider having Esc also quit the game."
76561198026074229,Not Recommended,215670,3687182,"Posted: 4 October, 2012",all,It's Mer!,"Kind of interesting story-thriller. I bought this 1. Because it was on sale and 2. Because it was billed as a retro styled horror game. The sale was good because if I paid any more for the game I'd probably be pretty upset. I completed one playthrough, it took less than an hour. Calling this game a horror game is a big stretch. You play a guy with a flashlight and interact with nothing but inanimate objects the entire game, making simple choices, pick this up? read this? turn this on? It's story driven. You do a lot of reading but it's not a lot of tedious reading, a couple sentences at a time. The good news is your choices effect the final outcome of the game. The bad news is, it  wasn't nearly interesting enough for me to play through again any time soon, maybe at a later date."
,Recommended,215670,2342138,"Posted: 2 September, 2012",all,Flied_Lice,"This title is an amazing success, in that, Once you finish it (And you will in one sitting) you'll think about it and think about it. It's one of those rare pieces that really makes you delve into not just what you've seen, but what you haven't, and all of the possibilites therein. I've finished this one twice in roughly 2.5 hours. I'm definitely going to play it again a few more times. After the credits roll you'll still have questions, the wonderful thing about this game is that those questions still linger on well after you've finished."
,Not Recommended,215670,12244124,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ophidic,"I'm not sure how phrasing things with ""did I?"" instead of the usual ""do you?"" makes this game unique. The only thing that scared me was how dry it was."
,Recommended,215670,12250194,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Daimos_,"If you like adventures and games that just tell a great story in a unique way, this game is for you. It's short and to the point. Great art, great atmosphere, phenomenal story telling.Buy it and play it!"
76561198073252697,Not Recommended,215670,12225085,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,BabyFace,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible... I felt so let down by the end dont waste your money on this pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,215670,3471679,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,reedoo,"A start-to-end burst of short satisfying game-play. I think it you ever had a soft spot for choose your own adventure, you will definately enjoy this.The ending is... let's just say it's worth playing a few times through. :)"
,Not Recommended,215670,11435823,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Entrail Intruder,"I can't believe I bought this trash. Literally nothing happens in this game. If you have a friend you hate, gift them this game."
,Not Recommended,215670,11013252,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,[GL]daGnome,"F*ck this game... the first 15 mins was the best part.  But eveyrthing after is lame.  It has linear story line, ending is complete BS, there's ONE f*cking path... and the developer couldn't even bother to write any finish to it?  There is a different between rip off BS ending and ending that's open to interpretation.  This ending is the very lazy BS kind...DO NOT buy this unless it's only about $1... and even then, don't waste your time and expect any kind of reasonable story line.  There's almost NONE to begin with, and what's there is just a waste of your time.  F*ck THIS game!! seriously"
76561198059901088,Recommended,215670,11013379,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,adeemin,Heart-racing thrilling adventure. Definitely recommend as the developer does to play with headphones and in the dark. Gave me the creebies-creepies. Make choices that effect your outcome.
,Not Recommended,215670,4730280,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Foul Frog,"This is one of the most boring things i have ever played. i spent like 35 cents and it was far too much. I will never get back the hour of my life. all for the worst ""ending"" ever. complete crap do not buy 0/10"
,Recommended,215670,11018968,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Another Guy,"This game is scary and short, but really enjoyable! I'd give it 8 and a 1/2 out of 10. I like the retro style!"
,Recommended,215670,11080930,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,syrupneko,"I had bought this game in a bundle awhile back, and have finally gotten around to playing it.This game isn't entirely deserving of all the negative reviews that it has received, although this game does have its downfalls.Judging from the in-game instructions, this was made for the XBOX controller, and does work well with it, except during dialogue. The dialogue advancement is broken. It requires you to press down, and sometimes it will advance right away, while other times there is a long pause before it will recognize the down key. This can be bypassed by pressing the down key on the keyboard, but jumping back and forth from controller to keyboard breaks the immersion a good bit.This game is also fairly linear with simple puzzles - if you can call them puzzles - that consist of no more than ""flip all switches in building to open locked door."" Or in one case you flip all valves to drain some water in order to advance. The game instead focuses more on finding objects that tell more of an implied story, as the character tries to piece together what's happened and why he's where he is in the situation that he is in. It actually has a very Silent Hill feel to it, although, aside from a few dead bodies, you'll never encounter another person to talk to. And with its linearity, it only took me exactly an hour to have explored every single room in one play through.The story gives no definitive answers either, and at the end encourages you to visit the developer's website where you can write about your own theory of ""what happened"" - or rather, ""who dunnit."" This is a murder mystery, and it is a nice touch that the developer tried to include the player in the storytelling process, but if you're a seasoned horror fan like myself, you'll probably figure out ""exactly"" what's going on half way through - and on the website, it seems almost all the other players came to the same conclusions.Graphically and aurally, I really enjoyed this game. Kind of reminded me of an amalgamation of some old Commodore games I used to play, if they'd had a much wider color pallete. The use of the low contrast black with the digital grain was nice too; it gives the game that ""camcorder"" look. I was amazed to see how many people worked on this game, as nowadays games of this caliber tend to be made by much smaller teams, however it is apparent that  a lot of work went in to the backgrounds and sound production, so it's not too hard to see where all that manpower went.Overall, aside from the dialogue box problems, this game can be an enjoyable hour long diversion. However, $2.99 may be too steep for most wallets, considering other games available at this price point, so I'd recommend waiting for a sale. But $2.99 isn't an outrageous price though, although it does seem a little high ( .99 to $1.99 would be more like it!)"
76561198016437391,Recommended,215670,11085359,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,onemancrowd,"I'm a sucker for atmospheric suspense, and this game has it in spades. I don't think it will convert anyone who isn't a fan of the genre, but those who have an interest will find a lot to like. It's worth noting that the game is not very long (around an hour to play through), but I found it very satisfying and worth my money.Pros:Great atmosphere - The game makes good use of the pixel art style, and the sound design is excellent.Narrative crafting - The core game mechanic is that the choices you make alter the backstory. Gives a real sense that your choices matter.Strong writing - Not great writing, but no false steps that took me out of the experience.Cons:Limited Replayability - Though you can play through with alternate choices to see different takes on the story, I found I'd had enough after the second playthrough."
,Not Recommended,215670,10896164,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"mess with Chen, get the horns","This is not a game. It's more like a ""choose your own adventure"" story with pages ripped out. I decided to do the one thing devs normally don't think of: nothing.What happens?I wondered why the body is in the basement (which I never saw), why so-and-so died at work or something (a person I never knew the name of, let alone that I worked there), and by finally getting bored after an hour I rifled through luggage only to find my girlfriend is a figment of my imagination.The end. It's thoroughly dissapointing to call this even decent narrative."
,Not Recommended,215670,11003757,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,curtisepiks,"Awful. The game isn't scary at all, the story is barely engaging. It puts you to sleep, rather than trying to scare you. When a dialogue box comes up, it takes up the entire screen, ruining the great atmosphere the game pulls you into. Yes, I have to admit the atmosphere in the game is pretty good. Other than that...it's boring. Just boring. Even at it's cheap price I can't recommend this."
,Recommended,215670,10433603,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,VoodooTrumpet,"Not so much a horror as a mystery, the hook here is that you really do influence how everything turns out. That said, most people will still be left with more questions than answers after even multiple playthroughs.It reminds me of Donnie Darko quite a bit."
76561198044077004,Not Recommended,215670,10454142,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,JohnBadman,"Let me describe home for you, basically, it is ""how many times you can open doors and look at things without commiting suicide"" simulator 2014. With such exciting times as, ""LETS OPEN THIS DOOR"" OR ""LOOK AT THIS LAMP"" THESE REPETITIVE TASK HOLD NO SIGNIFIGANCE TO THE OVERALL, IT SUCKS YO"
76561198018559441,Recommended,215670,3175327,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Magicsword08,This a strange game that isn't scary buy feels real. Its atmosphere is fantastic and its story is well thought out with many different ways to see things. It isn’t your typical horror game but it’s not trying to be at all. It’s just a good 2D adventure that makes you think about what is going on. It’s only 1 hour long but for the price it is asking that is ok with me. Just try it and see why games are best when they are close to home.
76561198003013567,Recommended,215670,2146426,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,白いロボット,"Although horror, it's by no means a survival game. No monsters, no conservation of resources, no resources for that matte. Yes the game is quite scary, yes it makes strange noises and you have the feeling that someone/something is watching/following you. Seeing that it has multiple endings, gives this title replay value, and I kept finding new things even on a third playthrough. I would recomend this game to people new to adventure/horror games, especially if they want a light version of such genres. And yes this game is Horror Light, like a light drink, it has alcohol, but not enough to get you even remotely drunk.It's very easy to play, and it seems that's how the game was meant to be, which is not a bad thing. Although the game is simple, the story is a tad more complex, kinda like of those choose your own adventure books.It's also short, having about 1-1.5 h of gameplay. In all, it's nice, atmospheric and of course cheap.So be a man, pick it up, maybe even gift it to the wife as an anniversary present. She might like it."
,Recommended,215670,12876227,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Zanem,"I've played the game a little bit, not as much as some, but enough to understand the game. While 'horror' is hard to pull off in an animated, silent film, pixel, side scroller(... say that a few times); the game does try, and a couple times I really enjoyed the experience. It's the type of game where you need to REALLY get your head into it. If you can do that, then the game should be a good choice for you!"
76561198011993105,Recommended,215670,12748350,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Salamander,"Extremely Short GameThis game is VERY short, just look at my game time. The scary theme was accented well by the game effects and story. Even with it being short, I would still recommend this game."
76561198031758729,Recommended,215670,12750837,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,sligocki,Interesting game. Not exactly sure that I liked it ... but I'm glad I played it :)
,Recommended,215670,12755267,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Easter,I thought I understood the game.I thought I understood him.I was wrong.I didn't understand anything.And that was only the beginning
,Recommended,215670,12756384,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cowboy-boy,"Ok game,Atmospheric... sound is really good.  no music.**i don't think this is a spoiler but... ** this is the kind of story that is open to interpretation, You will finish the game in less than an hour and have to decide for yourself what it means. You can  do it again, there is a few other way it could have been done...For 3$ it is worth it. Not very scary (very few jump scare, if any.)You can compare the experience to renting a movie, a psychological thriller. You play the game once or twice in a sitting and that's it..."
,Not Recommended,215670,12821088,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,Cheap scares
76561197970971433,Recommended,215670,12825013,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Halfsquatch,"I bought this game quite a while ago. For some reason that I can't remember, I stopped playing the game after ten minutes. I picked the game back up, many moths later, and am wondering why I didn't finish the game sooner. I found myself pulled into the world of the game. The graphics went really well with how the game was executed. Anyhoo, I found myself to be tense and on edge for most of the game. There was definitely a creepy scary vibe to everything. Not everyone will like this type of game though. If you don't like games or movies that leaves the story to your interpretation, then this game isn't for you. I personally love when games do this, it is a breathe of fresh air. The game is short and worth the money, from my experience. When you get to the end, you can follow a link where you share your story and see what other people think happened. It is really interesting to read the different ininterpretations of what happened."
76561197967902900,Not Recommended,215670,12701810,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Kingsfield,I was so bored I nearly fell asleep.
,Recommended,215670,12677824,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,ghosr,"Interesting and creepy, though I didn't care to do all the possible playthroughs. That's what YouTube is for."
,Recommended,215670,19592697,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cawdor,"A very nicely designed, atmospheric game, easily worth the price of admission. An interesting, minimalist approach to the indie horror genre, in which the player's actions and perceptions directly craft the narrative. Allowing the story to be ambiguous permits the observer to fill in the blanks themselves, which might leave some feeling cheated, but which I think is a wonderful design choice if done well (and it's done quite well here). That's just my opinion -- individual responses may well differ, of course. I've played the game a few times now and have enjoyed each runthrough."
,Not Recommended,215670,10626088,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,shmemma,"Maybe it's just not my type of game, maybe I'm just missing its genius, but to me this game was flat out boring. The only tag that is accurate is ""short""..."
,Not Recommended,215670,19471897,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,hojusimpson81,"A side scrolling mystery game where you wake up in a strange place, amidst strange circumstances, and must discover what has happened. With 'retro-styled graphics' and a simple interface, Home essentially lives and dies on its narrative and atmosphere.One of those is better than the other.Let's start with the atmosphere. Very little of the screen is visible, relying on your flashlight to illuminate your immediate surroundings. I think this works well, and helps build tension -- especially in new areas, or when the (sparse) sound effects kick in.At the beginning of each area, there's a moment of unease as we -- like our protagonist (?) -- don't quite understand what's happening. Unfortunately, the longer we spend in one place, the more the reused environments and lack of interaction exposes the threadbare locations. Honestly, each screen has maybe one thing to examine, or interact with, and the whole thing is stretched longer than it should be.That is the perfect segue back to the narrative. The mystery is pretty standard, and depending on what items you pick up, or how you answer the binary choices (Blablablabla. Yes or No?), things will change, but not nearly as much as I would like. Furthermore, some of the choices clearly align with the developers' intended canon, and others are likely to illicit a ""Really?"" response from gamers.To be frank, I would have preferred a smaller, more focused game with a dedicated narrative and more interaction (see Gone Home, or at least improve the branching paths like in Telltale's games). As it stands, it was an interesting experiment but not one I'll dwell on, or recommend."
,Not Recommended,215670,19470591,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,The American Jerm,It's not spooky enough for me.
,Recommended,215670,19525956,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,TrevimusPrime,"A surprisingly solid adventure game, complete with nice visuals, audio and narrative. It is short, but ideally you will want to play it a few times to get the most of out its multiple endings.You might want to wait for it to be on sale, but I fully recommend it."
76561197974761049,Recommended,215670,19215107,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,nemo_annonymous,"Home is more of an experiment in alternative narration than a game, but still worth a playthrough if you can let yourself get into it."
,Recommended,215670,19356912,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,仆你個街,"I don't know dude.I played the game, enjoy the ""story"", and be able to develop my personal story for this game.It's definitely an another perspecive of viewing a horror game, since this is no tyipcal jumpscare moment in this game, instead the game attempts to get you into the thrilling astomphere."
,Not Recommended,215670,2171408,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,BoyNextDoor,"Finished it in 40 minutes. Did as the guide suggested and turned off the lights and wore headphones. Sub-par fanfic tier story and not scary in the slightest. Just indie hype all over again, most likely because of the art design. Thank goodness it was only ~$2. wnr."
,Not Recommended,215670,19888473,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,euqil,"Really bad: ""we have no content or storytelling abilities, go chat on forums about the story""Gameplay: ""walk left and right, you will be done with it in half hour, mate""Stellar example of what waste passed through Steam which would not be possible in the same fashion in post refund times."
,Recommended,215670,4213068,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Lionheart,Pixelated horror indie. Enough said.
,Recommended,215670,600102,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Capashin,"Picked it up on sale for 99 cents.  Interesting storytelling.  If you're into game design or just want something different I'd say to give it a shot.  Very short, finished it in an hour or so.  Play it through at least twice, there seem to be quite a few endings based on what you think should happen."
,Recommended,215670,1030761,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Blarespace,"Great little game with an open ending that leaves your imagination turning for hours. I'm gonna give Home a high rating because this kind of game, even though brief and with only 5 bottons, shows us that games can be more than just long-winded first-person-shooters with over-the-top graphics. Home pulls at the heart strings in a simple and creative way, using only 8 bit graphics and good-old-fashioned who-done-it storytelling - 9 out of 10."
76561198117280501,Recommended,215670,21534896,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kalypto,"Respecting Your IntellectIs this game great?I'd answer that with, it's what you make of it. Most have played games that have multiple endings, and this one tries to have a story-line that jumps from the screen to your mind.What would be a short description of Home?A game that respects your intellect developed by an independent creator, that is a BIT weird and creepy, ahem, not the creator, the game. It shows creativity and atmosphere, but I'm not willing to play it multiple times; I take the ending I get with the choices I would've made had it been real life.If you lack an imaginative mind, which many games cater to these days, you will find the storyline isn't that deep. You NEED to use your imagination to fill the gaps. Games that are so dark you need to squint your eyes to make things out do not appeal to me. Short sequences yes; but the whole game no. If you take the advice on the opening screens, you will find the game is somewhat hard on the eyes.Nice sound effects and concept, but at the end I wasn't sure if I had finished the game. To put it mildly, throughout the entire game I was left wondering what it was all about.New things are good, and this game is GOOD. However, it needs bigger doses of strangeness, interaction with consequences, scary moments, and a decent voiceover (instead of all the text).If you're looking for a game with a big story you will be disappointed. If you're expecting a horror game you'll be horribly deluded. At first there's some fear but after 10 minutes the dial goes to zero. At the end I felt it was a game just to get me onto the designer's website.So although it is a nugget you'd be pleased to find, as you examine it closely you'll find it's not pure gold; at least not as pure as it could be."
,Recommended,215670,6017030,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Captain Andy Trout,"To be honest i don't think i should waste my time by reccomending this but to help other people buying this game i have two words , don't buy. i got this on sale at 60p and even at a price like that i regret it , the horrible storyline , and terrible graphics with many other things wrong all add together to make you want to kick your moniter, burn your harddrive and forever hate indie games , but this is an exception most indie games are awsome so dont think im insulting all indie game because i love them , its just this one; if you want to think about buying after all i said i guess i can't change what you want to do but just watch some gamplay on youtube before buying and make your own choice. 2/10 ( the only reason i havn't voted 1 is because the game producer who made this has skill; that just needs to be put in another project)."
,Recommended,215670,7532731,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Hope,very good game!..for a pixel game it has an awesome atmosphere
,Not Recommended,215670,18270686,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Biotech Choyman,Literally nothing happened in this game.You just find out that your wife left you.
,Not Recommended,215670,22033908,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Tantalus of North America,"This pixelated throwback vaguely reminds me of Atari Haunted House on the 2600 mostly because of its reliance on sound design to create a creepy atmosphere. This was barely worth the $1 I spent on it. It's one of those ""arty"" indy games like Dear Ether or Photopia and I wasn't really in the mood for it. Boring."
,Not Recommended,215670,1583665,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Ryaichu,There is no plot.Don't play it.Waste of time.
,Not Recommended,215670,30688027,Posted: 23 March,all,Winter Soldier,"Home does its best to build atmosphere, but never really gripped me. Nothing interesting happens.Gameplay-wise, it's basically a side-scrolling walking simulator with a couple of doors and keys. There are vague hints at a story, but they never build up to anything.As a horror game, Home is severely disappointing. The only reactions it got from me it did through one or two cheap jump scares. I don't mind these types of scares in most games, but as with movies, when it's all the work has to offer, they are immensely unsatisfying.The game promised to be short, which is the only reason I stuck it out to the end, only to learn that the lazy developer was hoping I'd write their ending for them. As the credits rolled, I was amazed at how many people it took to product such a short and empty shell of a game."
76561198156060555,Recommended,215670,21099328,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ututat,"For a horror game, not very scary. There was that one time when the vent exploded the steam out that scared me. After that I waited for similar jump scares, but none came. As for the story... Does answering a bunch of yes/no questions make a game open ended? I mean yea I quess... Is it a good way to make players feel responsible for their actions? Naah. But anyway, I still recommend supporting indie devs and all that, so grab it and test it for yourself. Home does have pretty neat feel to it and well, new gritty pixel games are kinda growing dear to me.""Did I play this game again?""""Yes/no""""Y"""
,Recommended,215670,21092913,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,missvalerietanner,"TL;DR: It's like Gone Home but with murder(s). If you like story-driven games, you'll enjoy this.Home, as its creator said, is a game that ""asks you to meet it halfway."" You won't be spoon-fed a story here. Home is like a cluttered police file: you have all these pieces of evidence, the main character's (i.e. your) assumed version of events, and a whole lot of questions. It's up to you to piece the story together, and the most intriguing thing about this game is that there is more than ONE version of story. How much (or how little) you discover along the way is all the clues you'll get. Understanding and appreciating this game is 100% up to you and your exploration skills.Home is an interactive story. There's no monsters or action scenes or fights. It's a dark tale, a multiple-murder mystery guided by yes or no questions, which often had me questioning my initial thoughts and considering the consequences of each action.I enjoyed the game a lot because it's a well-written exploration and journey into a morbid tale. If you're on the fence about it, do what I did and read some of the ""What I Think Happened"" posts by other players at the game's main site. Sure, I was a little spoiled by events instead of going in blind, but I think the game is better that way. Having a headstart made me much more aware of what the game was trying to do, and I enjoyed it more."
,Recommended,215670,241134,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Puffitt,This little game is great. It is more of a short story than a game though. The pixel graphics and sound are brilliant and create the perfect atmosphere. Got through most of it in my lunch hour. Will finish the rest tomorrow!
,Not Recommended,215670,665892,"Posted: 5 September, 2012",all,Granola,Don't even think about buying this game. Complete waste of time.
76561197980192494,Recommended,215670,855232,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,_ThingNasty_,"very immersive. developer paid very close attention to sound and player-influenced decisions. when a developer allows players to shape and manipulate choices and game responses, it makes for a better game. wish a lot more game makers did this exact thing. Best part! its ONLY 3.00!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,215670,3352458,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,rwelean,"I was worried this would be a horror game where things jumped out at me, but it was more of a subtle horror. The narration occurs in first person, and asks you what happened. I don't want to spoil the ending, but this quirk leads to some interesting possibilities--is there a ""true"" ending?"
,Recommended,215670,289905,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,zxjinn,"Cool choose-your-own-adventure game with an interesting psychological tweak. Only takes about an hour to play all the way through, but leaves you with an eerie feeling and wanting to know more about the backstory."
76561198073404675,Not Recommended,215670,22328679,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hannie Bananie,"This game had me going back and forth between thumbs up and thumbs down, but ultimately, the fact that I was so on the fence makes me think that it shouldn't get a recommended rating.  The story was interesting and there was a little tension, but my biggest complaint was that the story was simply too slow.  Even as someone who enjoys walking simulators (as this is effectively what this game is), a genre not known for its fast-paced actions, this game felt like it went on forever with no really interesting moments to bring everything together.  It wasn't bad, so for a good sale, I'd still maybe recommend giving it a try, but it also really isn't anything phenomenal."
,Not Recommended,215670,21644883,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,EasyGingeR,I think you need to be on drugs to play this one!
,Recommended,215670,21574992,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,F.G Kid,Honestly. It's an OK game. Atmospheric and creepy. Can't go wrong for the price.
,Recommended,215670,9185429,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Nightkin,"""Crud. At the end of a day that promised yet more fine serial killing, I somehow lost both senses and sanity, not to mention consciousness. Now dwelling within a limboic, barren world, all I have left is going camping in the woods with the creature to whom I've played the benefactor; the elusive Mr. Mouse."""
76561197965270023,Not Recommended,215670,15062227,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,_dave,"You wake up in a strange room and find a few dead bodies. Bad thing is, you can't remember anything and the murderer could still be around. Well... not really... I think at this point it is clear that you are the murderer. But okay, let's pretend we don't know. You start waaaaaaalking from room to room just to discover more dead bodies and personal items of your own. A lot of personal items... It's like you walked through your house the night before, filled up a big bag of random stuff and spread it all around town afterwards. And now you've got to pick all the stuff back up. At the end your character is drawing some conclusions probably based on the stuff you've picked up ealier. And THAT IS ALL.1. Walk around.2. Pick up any random item. (Confirm the hell out of your Y-Botton)3. Get confronted with dead bodies and names you have never heard of.4. Repeat.Boring as hell. Almost at the end of the game, you are confronted with the first real riddle. It's a safe and you are literally getting no hints whatsoever how to unlock the damn thing. Frustrated, I looked the combination up on google and you know what? You really don't get any hint, it's just written into the game's manual. Btw it's 4R3UHER3My very first review. English is not my native language. Potato."
,Recommended,215670,14704759,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Gmr Leon,"This shouldn't be called horror, and that's its biggest mistake, if you ask me.For many, I suspect, horror involves more explicit terrifying elements than corpses and the shifting sounds of buildings. In this respect, this game is far more of a psychological thriller than it is a horror game. Perhaps, it might be said, this is one of the very few thriller titles to be found in games, since it makes the decision to exclude both combatandany direct enemy confrontations. As other reviews indicate, despite mentioning that you choose the ending, the absence of any indication of whether you truly confront the cause of all the events led them to disappointment.However, while I can understand this perspective, I think that the game stands up well enough on its own, with the interesting use of interaction with objects influencing the narrative, to get by with this. In fact, the very real recognition of your presence at certain points makes this an especially interesting title to me, whereas for others it seemed a copout. It wasn't the most graceful integration of the player's involvement, admittedly, but it was closer in tune to what I had hoped Deadly Premonition would do, if familiar with that title.Either way, for as cheap and short as it is, and for what seems to me very decent quality (sound design/writing/artistically), I'd say this title is a steal if you're interested in games that experiment with interactive narratives."
,Recommended,215670,14846915,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kopaka,"This is a mysterious little gem. The story is confusing, but it is meant to be. I'm not really sure what actually transpired, or where the character's part is in it. But I was thoroughly engaged the whole way through, and it left me thinking. Play it in a single sitting, and just surround yourself in this mystery."
76561198043614080,Recommended,215670,4944967,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Micropsia,"An awesome game that is 100% worth the purchase. Every playthrough is unique and everything is up to you. Uncover the mystery of what happened to the protagonist or get out the easy way. The story and dialogue is very well done , and no matter how many times I play , this game still scares the living crap out of me!"
,Recommended,215670,29912457,Posted: 13 February,all,Sawprah,"Not much to offer, but that's why it's cheap."
,Recommended,215670,30258817,Posted: 1 March,all,Vickingtor,"A horror adventure like nothing before or since (maybe?). With a very well assembled story and very tense horror elements, Home is brilliant in its simplicity. If you like suspense and horror, this is highly recommended."
76561198278358991,Recommended,215670,31740759,Posted: 13 May,all,Shadzy,"It was really nice, the spooky atmosphere got to me on my first run and I ended up just trying to make my way to the end but the second time through I tried to look for and through everything, although I'm sure I missed some things still. I had to take my headphones off though at some point because I got a little too spooked by the noises and I couldn't turn the volume down enough oh gosh."
76561198096213994,Recommended,215670,11832688,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Ainsley Hariott,"Home is a horror game with a unique setting, yet several issues.First of all the game plays well with a good interface and a fine control scheme. It is bug free (which is honestly expected from a game like this), and is easy to pick up. Now what Home paticularly does right is the setting. Every second you feel this sense of fear and vulnerability as you walk through the area.I like the game's form of storytelling with it's subtle clues as to what has happened and the dark atomsphere is gives us. The story is also pretty good for the most part but I'll explain that in a moment...That right there is what the game does right. Unfortunately there are some problems. The game isn't really scary. At all. There are about 7 or 8 jumpscares in the whole game and they are often just a door slamming or some startled bats (although it has to be said, the first scare is always the best).The other issue I have with the game is the other part of the story. As I said, it is a very mysterious story with multiple clues being given to you. However, the game never justifies what has happened and it leaves you to decide what the fate of these characters had. While this may seem rather interesting, ends up just being unsatisfactory.That being said, the game is very cheap and I'm going to have to recommend this as it is easy to pick up and is engaging enough for it's one and a half hour long story (plus multiple endings, approximately 5 as it asks you what you think has happened).It's recommendable enough considering what it has to offer and it's price."
,Recommended,215670,2124908,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Solace,if you like mind fuqs then get this game
,Recommended,215670,34770164,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
,Recommended,215670,2662339,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Zyriab,Hey you! Play more strange games!
