user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,216910,10937628,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,bobnowhere,"Of Orcs and Men is third-person action RPG from Cyanide and Spiders, the minds behind Mars: War Logs, Aarklash Legacy, Bound by Flame, Blood Bowl and many others.  The closest analogy in design and mechanics to this game would probably be Mass Effect 1.Turning the genre on it's head, instead of playing the plucky human fighting evil, you play as a duo of “greenskins”, an enormous Orc name Arkail and a small Goblin named Styx fighting the evil human empire intent on wiping you out.  Both characters, especially Styx, are endlessly entertaining, Styx the comic foil to Arkail's enduring determined colossus.  There is an admirable literary quality here, not just good vs. evil, though the fact that every third line contains the f-word can at times see it return it to baser roots.  Both character can take part in conversations in the now standard “Bioware” dialogue wheel and choosing which character talks can result in wildly varying outcomes.Each main character has three combat stances, Attack/special/defense for Arkail and Melee/special/ranged for Styx.  Hitting the right shoulder button on the controller allows you to slow time to a crawl and select your various abilities and queue up to 4 at a time on each character.  Both characters have a resource to manage, Styx uses concentration to power his abilities, use it too quickly and he is left with only an auto-attack while it recharges.  Arkail however uses rage.  Use too many offensive attacks too quickly and he can go berserk, doing huge amounts of damage, but becoming more vulnerable to attack and sometimes even killing Styx!  Arkail's defensive stance slows the rage buildup, but he also does less damage.Arkail and Styx are a duo and they function best when they work together.  The best strategy I found was to use Arkail in his defensive stance to group taunt everyone and then stun them while Styx would go around debuffing/poisoning and finishing them off one by one.  As you level up each character gets an additional point that can be used to either buy a new ability or upgrade one with the addition of a choice of effect.  Later in the game each character can choose an “advanced” class adding 3 further abilities to their special stance tree.  There is an impressive number of skills and strategies to use and at higher difficulty levels you will need them!Maybe the most important strategy is using Styx's stealth ability.  Large groups of enemies can be thinned out before a fight by having Styx go into stealth mode and assassinate enemies at the edges.  But watch out for dogs, they can smell Styx coming!The game isn't particularly loot heavy.  While each character has a weapon, gloves, top, pants and accessory slot, there are at most 6 or so different armor sets and weapons for each character in the game.  You are also able to buy an upgrade for each item and you should do this as early as possible.  This is not an easy game and a full set of upgraded gear will provide a noticeable lift in you damage output and survivability.The graphics are very decent, though maybe not as sharp as they could be, but the character models of the two mains are fantastic, Styx especially.  The voice acting is patchy, Arkail and Styx are great so are most of the Orc's but some of the humans are pretty average.  The game also has a very nice classical score though at times the mood of the music seemed a little out with what was going on on screen.While not particularly long, 12 hours give or take, the ambition and new experience it offers makes this a very worthy addition to the Action RPG genre and Styx apparently has his own spin-off game coming soon!8.5/10"
76561198047235426,Recommended,216910,5271828,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Archon,"It is certainly... interesting.This game comes with some unique and very intruiging aspects, but also a considerable amount of downfalls.The gameplay is solid, but at times somewhat inadequate. The storyline is pretty good, but could have been better. The characters have a lot of potential, but don't really grow as much as they could have. The graphics are excellent, but the facial animation is often off-key. The voice acting is at times very good, and at times not so much.All that said, I had good fun with the game. In the end, that's what's most important, no?Should you buy it? If it's on discount, go for it. You might just find yourself pleasantly surprised at the unortodox lead characters and the different take on the classic fantasy settings. It is not everyone's cup of tea, but I think that past its flaws, it is an experience worth having."
,Recommended,216910,11053398,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Draken,"Clearly an underdog, this game is better than it seems. The main attraction is the story and original setting, playing as orc and goblin against the humain oppression.PROS- Overall good story and dialogues- Over 16 hours of gameplay if you don't play on easy- Overall nice graphicsCONS- Uninteresting items- Average combat system, interesting on paper but should have been better for a game focused on combat like this one- Some not too serious technical problems like the camera not cooperating sometimesREVIEWThis looked like a barely average game at first. But I was pleasantly surprised. The story is well tied together, the characters are generally well written and well fleshed out, and even the dialogues and exchanges between characters are well done.The main downside of this game is that for something so axed on combats, it should have had more items, more skill involved in combat rather than using the mmo system of selecting targets and queuing actions, and the combat itself should have been better tailored to feel more authentic and fast paced. Don't get me wrong, the combat is decent, it just could have been better.It also lacks depth in some aspects, like for the character stats for example. There doesn't seem an alternative to putting all points into stamina on orc and all on damage for the goblin, the harder difficulty you go the more obvious it becomes that there is only one viable build.All in all I do recommend this game, it is good value if you get it on a sale."
,Recommended,216910,12306772,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,{GE} Wolfy Blackheart,"This game is one of the greatest underappreciated gems I have had the pleasure of finding in a long time. There are obvious things that sully the experience a bit, but given this is the effort of small studio on a tight budget these aren't hard to look past.The story takes a twist on typical fantasy by having orcs being oppressed and subjegated by humans, and in light of this, your main character is on a quest to kill the emperor who seeks to unite elves and dwarves against ""the greenskins.""The main character is Arkail, or the ""butcher"" as he has been dubbed after a bloody masacre in his past. What's great here is that this story element actually works into the gameplay. As you take damage your rage meter builds, and if you don't use skills to keep your calm he becomes enraged. In this state, he more powerful but reckless and uncontrollable, attacking foes in random order.Evening this out is his original odd couple partner in crime, Styx. He is a goblin assassin, the only one of his race who can speak or display any intelligence at all. He causes bleeds, poisons and lowers defense in combat, and out of combat he small stealth sections where he dispatches as many soldiers as he can before things eventually fall to pieces.The story is well surprisingly well written considering every other line of dialogue has a swear word, because it fits into the narrative and general feeling of the story. I was honestly surprized at myself when I started the characters, admiring the way the duo chirped eachother and eventually grew into a like-minded friendship. Combat slows down when you pause so you can plan each of their actions, and everything works quite well. The graphics are nice enough and the game has a surprizingly good soundtrack that hits all the right notes when a sad or intense situation takes rise.Sadly, there are some issues, though they are just a lot of nitpicks that don't effect the solid feel of gameplay. Character models don't sync up in most cutscenes, a weapon constantly floats in air against Ark's back, voice acting apart from the main duo is largely sub-par. You are told of great battles going on in other places due to what's happening in the story and can't be there because the game's budget wouldn't allow it, and some people might not like how the stealth sections work. You essentially sneak around and kill guards in order of which would be able to see the act from their FOV, the ai will walk past dead bodies without raising alarm which seems silly but is also necessary to that element of gameplay. This is a stop motion turn based rpg first, the stealth is more like a small minigame that you are never actually forced to do that makes fights easier.Past that, there are a bunch of sidequests which never feel pointless as the duo banter and you find out more meaningful things about the story. I'm not usually someone who likes sidequests but it worked well for me. You have a mission hub in different zones and when you pick a mission it is generally linear except for a few hidden treasures. There's a couple of choices to be made in the game that have small outcomes on story, but nothing with permanance.All and all, the flaws take you out of the experience in a small fathom but do little to stop this extremely charming game from taking your heart. The prequel, Styx:Master of shadows is out soon, and I can't wait to delve again into this world again, and see how much the studio has grown since their time between the titles.9/10   There's nitpicks, but the story, the gameplay and the pacing are all great and a low budget doesn't change that.Edit: Fixed a couple errors, special thanks to Snapfit for calling me out on goofing the main character's name and thanks for all the positive feedback on my review."
,Recommended,216910,31290189,Posted: 21 April,all,Dr. Permixtus,"Of Orcs and Men.. What a game.First of all, I do recommend the game because I think it has a lot that goes for it, however, if you are more of a casual player, please think twice about buying it. I will state lower in this review why.Why you should buy itOf Orcs and men can be a great game. Two characters different like day and night, and yet working together. This is the base of the game and it definitely makes it interessting. The Story of the game starts out a bit awkward but with more time moving on, you will actually see yourself getting invested in the story and the characters. The game has a lot of cutscenes, which for me is a plus, it tells a lot of it's world and works with emotions. The Combat can be fun and different from usual fantasy games you play these days. Properly upgraded you can use a lot of different strategies and tactics, which can be thrilling at times. The levels are small and streamline which can be both a pro and a con. For myself it's a pro, because it means I can take easy breaks after each level and not get lost. It's a nice to see a small level after all these open world titles.Why you might think twice before buying itAs fun and interessting as the game can be, there are a lot of problems with it. I'm going to start with the biggest problem that I had.If you go into the game with little to no experience with this genre, you might be having a bad time. Starting out with the way you upgrade your characters. In the beginning it might not matter much, the difficulty seems a bit high, even on easy, but you can get used to that quite easy. However, if you're not weary of how you upgrade, the final boss is going to ruin the game for you, which it did for me. Everything I liked about the game turned against me at that point.Another thing that might bother quite many people is how empty the game is. The amount of items you can find in this game is laughable, it makes you wonder why they bothered to put items in the game in the first place. The game will also not reward you much for searching around or trying alternate paths and there is also a lot of potential character building wasted between those two so different main characters.It's a good game with problems. If you like this genre, get it for the full price. If you're unsure, wait for a sale.That's really all I can say about it. I'm glad I played it."
,Not Recommended,216910,31719913,Posted: 13 May,all,Burn,"When comparing this game with the usual gameplay standards, it is certainly flawed, especially when you experience the poor combat system, see the poor level design and a more poorer loot system. But it grabbed my interest with the unusual protagonists and its amazing narration that could surpass some AAA games. However, when a game is good not for the gameplay but for its story and characters, then you might as well enjoy it by watching a youtube walkthrough ""movie"" video of it rather than playing it yourself.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=924692711http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=911564395Unlocked all achievements!"
,Recommended,216910,17437871,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,scathelock,"There are plenty of stories out there that put you in control of Orcs, but few do the fearsome race justice. 'Of Orcs and Men' does what other titles in the genre fail to achieve: it makes you see what it's like to be a hulking beast of rage and muscle. As the warrior Arkail, one of the main gameplay mechanics is to manage your bloodlust - if you let it get the better of you, Arkail will go on a blind, murderous rampage. While he amps up his damage this way, you can only watch on helplessly as he makes poor tactical decisions, exposes himself needlessly to enemy fire, and even turns on his constant Goblin ally (who you also control). Built around this unique idea is a rich story adhering to a fitting theme - that of Orcs being enslaved as beasts of burden by human masters.The combat is handled by queueing up your next attacks, reminiscent of the system from Knights of the Old Republic. This may push the patience of those wanting more immediate and visceral action, but it works well enough to get you through the entire adventure. With sharp writing and characters you grow attached to, this is a unique experience that deserves a lot more attention than it received. Unleash your inner berserker and give this revolution a shot - whatever happens, at least you know you'll go down fighting."
76561197961914449,Recommended,216910,13398500,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Quenchiest,"A short budget RPG that doesn't overstay its welcome. Tells a neat story with a few twists and turns and stays on course with the story even with the sidequests. Pretty much 100% linear with all missions pretty much being ""go there and kill everything"", but combat is fun enough to make it not matter.Each character can also be built in a combination of different ways so there can be replayability if you wanted to try a different combat style. No complaints about the graphics, writing, or voice acting for the most part. Styx is probably the best character I've seen in a long while.Only thing that really felt wrong about the game are its dead environments. As with other Spiders studio games, towns are full of people that just stand there and do nothing, and you have pretty much zero interaction with the environment besides looting a glowing chest once every couple of maps.Itemization is interesting in that there are very few items, but most items even from the beginning of the game are completely viable to endgame. Only difference is the stat bonuses they give you, and you customize your gear based on your preferred combat style. Very interesting design choice."
,Not Recommended,216910,11544273,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Cat Herder,"I really wanted to like this game. It has a really unique take on a fantasy setting and I wanted to press through and see it come to a great end that justifies its slow start.Didn't happen. The game controls like complete garbage. I found myself constantly frustrated by one of my characters either standing still getting beat on or conversely, sprinting off at a random group of enemies half the map away from the current battle. You can do every side quest and explore every corner but random difficulty spikes will slap you down and left me scratching my head about how I could conceivably progress.I can give a recommendation with a qualification if you want to run through on easy and see how the story goes but other than that Of Orcs and Men isn't worth your time. There are better games to be played than this unenjoyable slog."
76561198071685124,Recommended,216910,18139667,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,sosbro,"This game is a 7.99/10. Worth around $22-25. Got 14 hours out of it, 75/80% off all achievments, could get I guess around 20 if I tried to beat the game on highest difficulty.Story: The world was interesting, and the main characters were too. Their personalities played off each other well, and had me in stiches the whole time. Unfortunatly, the side characters and villians were pretty much 1-dimension. It was hard to be attached to them, or be even interested in them.World:Interesting, but nothing special or awestrucking. Seems to be semi-linear, but if you look at all the maps carfeully, there's like 8 versions of linear paths, just angled differently or starting in different areas, thus making it really really liner. If you don't analyze maps alot, then it's semi linear for you. Occasionally some invisble walls in the enviroment, that were probably accidently left in the game, because they're as thin as a pencil. Annoying in combat, but rare. Occured 5 times.User Interface:Basic, which first seemed worrysome. Later on, I realized this made the gameplay easier, as meant less time spent on micromanaging, and nothing to slowdown the game speed. Helped by making only one, basic currency. Trade points. Ex: 2 points for a sword at most, 1 point to upgrade, one point gained to sell it back.Graphics:Mostly good, for a 2012 game. Occasionly some hiccups, nothing to worry.Audio:Usually the most underrated part of a game. The voices sounded crisp, no hiccups. They put alot of effort in the quality of music. Some of it is memorable, and fitted well with the enviroment/combat. Lip synce issues were annoying at first, but you eventually ignored it. Later on in the game, it smoothes itself out.Combat:A basic version of Dragon Age 1's combat system. Some options of equipment, but not much. The main characters combat roles play off each other well, with the Orc being a tank/bezerker and the Goblin being a rogue/assassin. Whenever you only had the chance to play one in a combat setting, you're made to realize that they need each other, and can't function well alone. Most be a good message hidden there.This games need a sequel. Actually, would be okay with a properly done trilogy."
76561198117672643,Recommended,216910,34800442,Posted: 7 September,all,Nymeria,"Of Orcs and Men is not an overly amazing game, but it still can give you a couple of hours of entertainment. You are controlling two characters, the Orc Ark and the TALKING goblin Styx. The two are complete opposites of each other, Ark is on a mission for honor and is trying to save his kind, while Styx is doing everything for money.  You can switch in between the two. About the combat system: combat is a series of chosen skills (Offensive or Defensive for Ark, and Ranged or Hand-to-Hand for Styx). All in all,  if you wanted me to give you one good reason to play the game, that would be Styx. His comments are hiliarious, I love that little greenskin!"
76561198022640636,Recommended,216910,24899405,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Jamison,"Very enjoyable game. Having to use both characters (each with their own strengths and weaknesses) to survive most combat encounters was interesting. Auto save timing seemed perfect, never having to go back too far if you failed the encounter. The game also does a pretty good job of telling it's story.My only complaint would be the lack of decent equipment drops once you get about 1/2 through the game. I guess this is to keep the player from being too OP.  Ran flawlessly for me, no issues at all"
,Not Recommended,216910,32281818,Posted: 8 June,all,Pikapool,"I will start the review with by quoting Styx, ""Oh, f*ck me sideways"".This is what you get by the battle system in this game. A bit broken ein the end, but fortunately its doable with the right skills and attributes. Onward to the review, I am going to list a short pro cons because this game doesnt have much to offer.Pros:- Story might be the only strong point in this game (depends on your taste and perspective of a good game)- One of the interesting part of this game is you play as an orc.- Every equips you wear on your body is visible and changes Arkail appearance.Neutral:- Grahic is OK at best. The graphic option is simplistic with SSAO, FXAA, shadows, texture, particles, and resolution- OK soundtrack and music, nothing memorable in this part.Cons:- Battle system is similar to Dragon Age where you can pause and plan your attack, what skills you will use, who is attacking which enemies, but its not as polished as in Dragon Age, you cant change tactic for your team, so everything is manual, and there no usable item in this game, which makes it a bit hard sometimes. There are two types of attacks for each character, Attack & Def for Arkail, Melee & Ranged for Styx, each has its own upgrades. Overall, the battle system isnt that bad, but it isnt easy to master, and there are some battles which has difficulty spike, especially the final boss battle when the boss summoned the super berserker orcs with unreasonable damage.- No loot, equipments come from killig enemies (a bit rare to get) and from somewhat lacking chests. In the course of the game from start to finish, there is only 1 chest in 1 dungeon and there is an additional loot sack you can get in each dungeon (this one is not 100%, I have only encountered 4,5 loot sacks in the game maybe its randomized or something)Conclusion, I dont recommend this game, if you want it get it on sale and if you're not a fan of Styx, dont bother. If you wan to delve deeper into the Styx's world, definitely get it."
76561198041725120,Recommended,216910,9234703,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Auberon,"One of the best and original games I´ve played in  a long while. The story was captivating, the music gave me chills, the combat, well, I would describe it as the thinking mans dragon age. It obviously had flaws, the biggest was that there was too little of everything. I finished it in about 13 hours and am left dreaming of a sequel.I noticed this game just around the time it came out, but  waited with a buy until it was discounted and sat on it for even longer as I had read so much negative feedback beforehand. I wish I could go back in time, buy it at release to support the studio, and get on the barricades to defend it against all the flaming. I can understand a lot of the critisicm, however I think it all boils down to this game being unaccessable to a lot of people due to the challenge of the combat system, and the game being marketed in a way that perhaps fooled people it was a more action-oriented game with a bigger budget. The trailer kind of looked like gears of war with orcs, to be honest.I could write a lot about this game but will just summarize the main points;I enjoyed the combat, allthough a little unforgiving at some points, it did let me think up different tactics for different battles. The skills were fun and there were a few easier patches that let you feel powerful. Gear managment was a little thin but worked okay. Leveling your characters was business as usual with stat and skill points, with some new intresting bits such as deflection and stability. The game looks and plays beautifully. Encountered only a few minor glitches (perhaps it has been patched a bit?). Voice acting quality varied throughout the game from excellent (main characters) to crappy, but I only disliked a few of the actors.The bad? ""Corridor running"" which I did not really mind, as I enjoyed the combat and the quests.Slow paced combat, so be prepared if you don´t like that sort of thing. Lack of in-game cinematics or at least more cinematic finishes to some of the more epic events, which left some anti-climatic feelings at parts. And in the end, a lack of budget? If there would have been some more time and resources to flesh more stuff out, this could have been a dragon age killing tripple A.I can´t help but picturing a sequel of magnitude, with deeper tactical combat, different character choices, a more open world with continuation of the story.If you enjoy tactical RPG´s - a must play, if you came here looking for an action game, you should probably head back.As for me?  Would marry/10."
,Recommended,216910,15166194,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Koko Sabre *Scruffy*,"Dont you ever get sick of the hate towards orcs and goblins? Being always the evil force in games? Well dont know about you but I do,thats for sure. And OOAM let me kill humans now... how refreshing .Story,Quests and LevelsYou are Arkail,fearsome orc,who is apointed with the assassination of the Emperor. In your journey you will be lead by Styx,master of stealth and assassination. Story is linear with here and there some decision making. At 2-3 points you will end up in hub-like area from which you can get different side quests to complete and improve yourself. The levels you will find are linear,each of them separated in ""zones"" .  There isnt much of exploration which can be bad or good depending on the player.RPG elementsWell you can equip your characters with some items and pick skills everytime they level up. Later in the game you are given 2 options per character to specialize them. Nothing to deep. Its simple but its doing its job in the game.CombatCombat is in 2 phases(or if you are good enough you can pick just one of them):1st. Stealth: you put Arkail in some spots save and use Styx to wonder around and kill guards without being seen. It takes time but make Phase 2 much easier... talking about phase 2.2.Once detected every guard from the ""zone"" will charge at you and fun time starts. Combat is action-based,there isnt pause button to set a lineup of skills for the orc and goblin to use. Instead you are given slow-motion button so you have to be fast with selecting targets and skills.  Combat needs sometime to get used to it. One thing that you should have in mind, Arkail got a berserk stance, while he do and takes dmg berserk fills and once full he goes all nuts,take less dmg,deals more dmg and attacks everything that moves... even Styx so run for the hills if this happens.ReplayabilityOnly reason to replay the game is to pick different decisions at places but for most people even one playthrough will be good enough.OverallA nice and solid RPG with interesting combat and story to tell."
76561198012626337,Recommended,216910,31765555,Posted: 15 May,all,Hellios Rayearth,"An obscure and underrated game that deserves a chance from curious gamers.Rating(s):Visuals & Graphics:7/10The game was not bad to the eyes by any means, but it wasn’t wasn’t great either. I understand that they were trying to use a more cartoony design that’s close to the Warcraft feel but something about it just felt off. Majority of the storyline is spent in dark, dreary locations and even when you are in open spaces the environment is either set at night, raining or just shaded heavy grey by dark clouds. I know that the game is infiltration-themed, but a variety of settings could’ve been easy on the eyes. Given that the game difficult, continuously repeating large segments of the game will eventually get to you.  Visual appeal is important, it’s one of the ways gamers get through the frustration of working with a difficult game. It was painful for me to marathon through this. Could’ve been much betterMusic and Sound:10/10One of the best I have heard in awhile. The only way I was able to marathon through this game was put the OST on youtube and had my favorite battle themes on repeat. It get’s your blood going. Amazing work. The orchestral parts were done well. Being a cello player myself, the score used in the tracks were amazing. I’m actually trying to blind-play it at the moment. Wish I can get hold of the official score.Plot/Story:9/10Very strong. Main characters had distinct lovable personalities. Flow of the plot was smooth and coherent. It’s a cliche plot and some parts were predictable but nevertheless it was nice to watch through it.Gameplay and Mechanics:6/10Most of the reviews will tell you that the game mechanics suck, and for the most part I understand why they say that it is. The game is very reminiscent of Dragon Age (1). It uses a real time strategy combat system that you can pause and interrupt to issue more “complex” actions. You literally micromanage your team’s position every step of the way so that you can better tackle every encounter. Given that the game is very challenging on Extreme. You really do have to get familiar with gameplay.So where does this game go wrong? Well, in Dragon Age, you can pause mid-fight and use your mouse to reposition your character in the battle field, having complete control and awareness of your full team location. Enabling you to manage agro, employ better kiting, making use of choke points for better tanking, etc;In Of Orcs and Men, the strategical play behaves a lot like a game console. Instead of using your mouse to direct your team’s position you basically move them in real-time. The consequence of that is you lose sight of your other character’s position only leaving you to decide by looking at his life bar. I’m not sure if the design was intentional or if it was because this game was originally for consoles and was just later ported to PC, but the general feel of the gameplay is clunky and unnatural. The game does not make use of the capabilities of a PC, and as a result, majority of the difficulty in playing the game stems from this. Personally, I could have finished Extreme, 4-5 hours less the time it took me if the controls worked similarly to DA.Conclusion:Barely makes the cut. Of Orcs and Men is like how F13 is to me. Hate the gameplay, but love it for its story and characters. If you are a “story-guy” like me, I highly recommend the game for you."
76561198026221093,Recommended,216910,7850291,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,FireBrand,"Surprisingly entertaining playing from an orc perspective,  as the story is probably it's strongest point. The gameplay is more tactical then anything, and requires you to invest in talents so the 2 characters compliment each other to maximum efficiency.  Definitely no regrets buying this discounted."
,Recommended,216910,27012531,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cousin Okri,"Writing this review a long time after actually playing the game, but here goes. The game had♥♥♥♥♥♥poor marketing, so I feel it my duty to give it a voice, however small.It's a flawed little gem of grim-bright fantasy that explores some interesting concepts that you'll find most RPG's don't play with like:A soundtrack that isn't identical to LoTR (and is trully one of a kind)A dialog system that allows you to control both party members and who talks in an encounter-(God I wish there was another RPG that let this happen)A story told from the perspective of ""the bad guys"", the Orcs!-the characters are good, some are more unique than others-The setting looks high fantasy but it has some pretty grim dialogue/story (slavery, genocide, racism)--Magic in this setting is more subtle (akin to Gandalf in LoTR, rather than your avg WoW fireball slinging-mage) which has its own charmA combat system that has unique features and doesn't feel canned-the mechanics behind your main brawler is HILARIOUS, he can go ape♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy and start to pick ♥♥♥♥ers up and breaking their spine. Including your goblin buddy! (This mechanic actually makes the combat refreshing, the loss of control isn't bad if you just know how to use it to your advantage.)-You'll feel massive changes when fighting heavily armored knights vs your average guardSo what are the flaws?The game has a short run-time, for an RPG. You can blast through it fairly quick and feel satisfied.The combat system has quite a bit of jargon, sometimes you'll resort to just queueing up attacks and hope for the best-Eventually you master it and it becomes pretty easyThe gear choices are sparse, and often won't feel like they make significant changes to your characterThe stealth is ham handed and is much less satisfying than the combat. The branch-off to this game (Styx: Master of Shadows) does the stealth much better.Its likely going to be priced very low so you should give it a chance. Trust me, there's things to love in the game."
76561198008486487,Recommended,216910,7775587,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Gazeboo,"I bought this game expecting nothing really and I must say it took me by surprise. Even though the graphics isn't cutting edge I think the great enviroments, level system and change of opponents made a great combination that you didn't get tired off. It took me 14 hours to play through and I think it was worth it. It can also be noted that the main characters are (even if they are very stereotype) had interesting and exiting character development during the game which made the story interesting. This is one of the better fantasy role-playing games I've played thanks to it's simplicity, because it's not a free world game like the Elder Scrolls or Dragon Age but I like it when I only got one way to go and smash anything comming in my way!"
,Recommended,216910,7789812,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RubberRoss,Coincidentally the same name as a homo-erotic retelling of Lord of the Rings.
76561197978585819,Recommended,216910,12589613,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Britannic,"Of Orcs and Men is a game that you will either love or hate. If you can forgive the initial awkwardness of the combat and the linier corridor like levels, what you will find is a rich and rewarding, well-acted story that turns the men good orcs evil premise of almost the past 20 years on its head. The two main leads really pull you into the story and once you find the flow of the combat, it becomes almost second nature, demanding a little tactical thinking to win. I can’t recommend this game highly enough. It finished leaving me wanting more with a lot of great memories of my time in its world."
,Not Recommended,216910,8330139,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PainKnight,"It's an interesting game, but the characters and story are more laughable then anything else.  Gameplay is terrible, it tries to set you up for some complicated♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that doesn't really pan out and just turns into a stab-fest more then anything else.Would be worth $5, but not really a a great or polished game."
,Recommended,216910,8159838,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,leovic,"A nice solid RPG framework for a potentially great franchise.Now, the small scope makes me think of this game as sort of like a B-list movie. That'snot a bad thingactually. It's almost like an indie RPG but it's definitely not since they've got big Publisher support. It makes the game feel well rounded and solid. The devs knew what they wanted to make and they did so splendidly. It's a budget title so to speak.The game uses my favorite combat style of queuing up actions and attacks either in real-time or in paused time (but in this game's case - slowed time) much like Knights of the Old Republic or Neverwinter Nights. And the combat is fantastic by the way. It's definitely challenging since every attack is deliberate and damaging to both your characters and the enemies. What I mean by that is the enemies usually come in packs and can easily interrupt, stun, and then kill your party if your not careful. The levels actually reinforce the idea of planning. The levels are mostly straight corridors that are dotted with wide open arenas. You can approach them stealthly or guns blazing.Now, I should mention that you've only gottwoplayable characters, Arkail the big orc and Styx the obviously rogue goblin. The customization is kind of limited. The game's got small skill trees, obvious shiny loot sacks, and (to the devs credit) upgradeable gear. It's obvious that your party is going to turn out with the orc as your tank and the goblin is either your range or melee DPS. But an interesting thing about the orc is you can lose control of him since he has a rage meter. The rage meter also acts as the orc's ""mana"" to activate certain skills though. So you can imagine how your going to plan out your fights with that in mind.Their story and that of the game's story is actually your typical fantasy. You got your orcs, goblins, mages, fanatical religious orders, and later on a brief appearance by the Elves and Dwarves. Basically, the story is that the orcs are being enslaved by a cruel human empire. Your story is to lead Arkail and Styx on a suicide mission to kill the human emperor. It's a nice story and the world is really interesting. It's got this typical western european medieval look to it. But the Orcish perspective help in sucking me in to the game's world. However, the dialogue and the voice acting is pretty bad. The swearing is so out of place. It's like the devs were trying to be edgy but just failed with the translation from the original french script. There is a dialogue system. But it's there to either get more lore to choose which side quest to take.The graphical fidelity is also pretty great. The character models of the orcs & goblins plus the later levels look stunning especially with an obvious budget title. And the soundtrack is also great. I would definitely buy it.All-in-all, the game's a fairly decent RPG from two studios who would later on make some fairly decent RPG's with the same combat system. I love the combat and the Orcish perspective on a typical fantasy world is refreshing experience. And if your aching for a solid and almost indie like RPG, thenbuy this game. If your on the fence, then buying at a discount is always a good idea.PC Port NOTES: It ran well on my amd fx 6 core and amd hd7850 on max settings with little to no performance hiccups and a steady 60 fps. Nothing game breaking here. Hell, alt+tab even works (no borderless windowed mode though). The devs also later on removed some horrible DRM. Also, the game does have some decent graphical options. Another thing is that mouse and keyboard is playable but the keys are non-rebindable."
76561198063081334,Recommended,216910,28481822,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Batman,"I enjoed the game alot and found it worth the price its asking for.The Good:1) The medieval fantasy nature of the game is quite charismatic.2) Story is interesting enough and has its twists.3) Script for the characters are good. Believable and enjoyable.4) Graphics are good.5) Musics are good.6) The game kept me entertained long and well enough for its price.The Bad:1) I personally dislike the combat style. It very similar to dragon age and I found it slow and painful to play at time.2) Zero replay value.3) Poorly planned unskippable cut scenes. Prevents players from saving before making certain decisions in the game which is bad since I like to load games again and see what happens on the other choice.4) Balancing has abit of issue. Some battles are far too challenging compared to others that it sticks out like a sore thumb. Its fine if the game is progressively more challenging but it has many battles that are suddenly much more difficulty than the ones before or after it.Despite the complains I still enjoeyd the game and found it very charismatic and memorable. Seeing that very few people has bought and played, I'll love list it under a cult classic except its unique enough to deserve the title."
76561198035158750,Recommended,216910,10968404,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,studmuffin,One of the most underated games i have played imo.Had hours of fun playing this.The combination of having to play the orc and the goblin is excellent.iT MAY NOT BE TO EVERYONES TASTE BUT I CERTAINLY BLOODY WELL ENJOYED IT
,Recommended,216910,26113142,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Cyanide Studio – Spider StudiosPublishers:Focus Home InteractiveInitial release:Oct 2012Genre:quasi-CRPG, Active Timer queued Combat, Dungeon Crawler#Worth/NotWorth:#ILikeThisGameButICantOutrightRecommendBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): Unbalanced, 2 person party dungeon crawler in the vain of a Dragon Age or a KOTOR in a relatively generic fantasy world but has decent character development.Exposition, Concurrence and SummationAnother sideways thumbOf Orcs and Menis a two person party dungeon crawler for most intents and purposes. You control both the Orc-- Arkail and the goblin-- Styx. So from the onset you have very established characters both in terms of personality and style of play. The holy trinity of RPG tropes of Tank, DPS and Healer now are taken by only two which can be problematic.Styx is the tiny DPS stealth based rogue character and Arkail is the brooding angry Orc with a heart even the most honorable warrior doesn't posses. I have heard many complaints that the combat is why they put the game down as it was not direct enough for them. I suppose if you draw from the archetype of what an Orc is you might expect a sort of “Push button to smash face” setup. But I bet you wont see those same people complain about identical combat in a game like Knights of the Old Republic. It's queued actions with active pause and it works just fine, not to mention if you use Styx stealth stance you are granted the ability to sneak into enemy territory and assassinate enemies that don't know you are there.. except dogs.The gameplay loop is basically start in a HUB wherein you can shop for new gear or upgrade existing gear. Talk to some people and then start a mission. The maps are very linear and almost behave like an a solo instance in an MMO. You basically must traverse a hallway towards the X. There is almost no loot to be had in the environment making exploration trivial and almost discouraged. The few things that are found in the environment are emblazoned with a glowing effect that stick out like an oasis in a desert. Additionally, upon picking up the gear it auto-magically goes into the appropriate persons inventory.The game almost feels a bit dumbed down. As there is no real currency. You can't sell old gear for money to buy potions for instance; there isn't a need to. Both Arkail and Styx regen health very quickly out of battle. However you get “trade points” to be used in order to buy potentially better gear or to upgrade your current gear. There isn't even a system to have extra money to say persuade a guard or something which seems like something Styx would be quite akin to.I really enjoyed the gameplay loop. I enjoyed and like the characters; they are well voice acted and have roles and personalities. But the game is totally unbalanced. There where fights that really seemed like boss fights that I breezed through without even establishing a strategy while other fights, fights of attrition if you will that seemed borderline impossible and I couldn't overcome without micro managing  every single hit and action.THE GISTAn enjoyable dungeon crawler, I hesitate to call it casual because it does have some depth but it's rather unbalanced in places and I cannot fully recommend.Follow my curation for more"
76561198011476224,Not Recommended,216910,10511546,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Morukk,"I want to like this game =\The story seems awesome, but the combat isn't for me... If you love strategic rpg games *basically turn by turn* you will maybe enjoy this...I really disliked the fact that you're this huge orc, but your attacks seeminly are 100% absorbed by everyone as they don't do a lot of damage, nor do they make any type of push-back effect to the signicagantly smaller humans... which is very, very dissapointing to me. (this and the slow lackluster combat makes this game feel like you're just watching a terrible movie where the actors are standing completely still and not really hitting eachother, as opposed to ordering strategic moves to your team)Tried so many times to play this game, but the combat is just so awful for my hack and slash giant orc craving =[The combat isn't even tactical... its basically hack and slash but sloowwww turn by turn hack and slash.. its utterly terrible to me, like theres no reason it should be this way, theres a bunch of enemies and youre abilities are just hack and slash type abilities (oh beside the goblin that sits back and throws daggers sometimes).. this game BEGS for hack and slash (You're a giant orc that goes on ""rampages""), or at the very least dragon age type combat.. Seriously sucks the fun out of the gameHack and Slashers DEFINITELY stay clear."
,Recommended,216910,21721337,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,ZombieHendrix,"a very fun and unique story-driven game that never felt held back by their budget.Sometimes clunky, but never frustrating, the gameplay was unique and took time to master only making it more satisfying when you do,Story felt fresh, for a fantasy world, and the voice acting and cuscense held my attention and kept me wanting more.Character models and textures are well crafted and felt like care and love went into them all.I wish there was a sequel, but at least Styx came back for his own game (also an excellent game).I always prefer small studio games with more character and life (and flaws) than big budget titles.  Keep 'em comin' boys!"
76561197993494409,Recommended,216910,12660546,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MAKE MAGIC GREAT AGAIN,"""Of Orcs and Men"" has become a favorite of mine. Its fun, engaging and memorable. The characters, though simple at first, become more complex as you continue on through the story. Styx especially is one of the more interesting characters in a video game that I have ever seen."
76561198007927189,Not Recommended,216910,34874977,Posted: 10 September,all,LordNoobiusMaximus,"While the main idea behind the game is very compeling, the execution is actually quite weak. The game overall feels empty, as if it was left halfway through development. Sadly cant recommend."
76561198113478717,Recommended,216910,32386762,Posted: 13 June,all,endhorizon,While having minor technical issues this game provides a good story with two interesting main characters. Styx was used in later titles of the developer and this game gives a bit more background of him.
76561198004032458,Not Recommended,216910,28105251,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ShaZAM,"I finally got this game on sale after being intrigued by it several years ago, and looked forward to an interesting plot, unusual characters (I like the idea of playing through an atypical perspective), and what seemed engaging gameplay, using the strengths and compensating for the weaknesses of your two protagonists.Unfortunately, it was bad.The game is obviously dated, and hasn't aged well. The graphics aren't terrible, but they're nothing to write home about. The environments (at least in the first hour I forced myself to slog through) are completely static, and the game runs on rails without even the illusion of choice.Combat is slow and frustrating, with inexplicably lengthy animations and minimal control. You can slow combat to select actions (up to 4 in a row), and watch as your character stands there, taking hits from multiple enemies, to agonizingly raise a sword... and miss... then fall to the next barrage of attacks.The worst, though, is the writing/dialog. In other reviews, I'd read others commenting on the ridiculous amount of vulgarity, and I thought to myself that it's probably just someone too sensitive to realistic conversations between hardened characters in awful situations. I was wrong. It's written more like a 13 year old trying to sound tough. It's out of place and awkward, and it's sprinkled throughout often corny and disjointed dialog. After coming back from games like Witcher 3 and Sunless Sea (brilliantly written), I tried not to hold this game to those standards, but it's awful."
,Recommended,216910,34175956,Posted: 11 August,all,rvpsouza,"Story and characters are pretty good. I know the game mechanics were heavily criticized but I didn't find it that bad. As long as you don't mess up completely your build, the game is super easy. On the con side, I would only point out the game is quite short. I am glad I bought it on sale..."
76561197973706677,Recommended,216910,8597226,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,blacktomcat,"So...whats good whats bad?Good:-Game mechanics work smoothly-The story is well made and the way it is told (+ the overall gamespeed) is quite appealing- Nice plot twists :)- The setting is uncommon! Not your everyday heroic guys slaughtering dragons and rescuing damsels in distress theme- On Extreme the game is a deccent challange-Its cheap- The interface and controls are well made / working wellBad:- Short- Minor bugs (saving is sometimes not possible)- Possibility to totally destroy your character by misplacing skillpoints and stat points, although i count that one actually as positive because i like games where you actually have to think about what you do with your char...-Very straight levels without much room for explorationSo if you like straightforward action roleplaygames (a bit like Dragon Age 2) with a good story (unlike Dragon Age 2, imo:P) , then it wouldnt hurt to try this one!"
76561198057113065,Recommended,216910,17991444,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Grizzly Adamz,"Sometimes the dialogue has a bout of stupid, the levels are linear and on harder difficulties you have to build & play a specific way to win.But most the dialogue ISN'T stupid, the linearity works out with good environments, gameplay is functional & enjoyable, the characters are both interesting and relate-able and the buddy system they have going on is top-tier.This game really deserves more than it got.7/10, worth the play"
,Not Recommended,216910,8577200,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,AironT,"Not bad game with nice graphics and strong story. But gamepaly is so poor. Levels are not interesting to play, just go straight and kick all asses which you see. Tactical and skills systems looks strange and incomplete.Trailers for game were awesome, but the game is not. (6/10)."
,Not Recommended,216910,8413916,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,spacemonkeynation,"The interesting story premise piqued my interests, but I was immediately let down by the juvenile dialog writing and turn based combat system. It seemed rather dull in terms of gameplay depth and the game does a terrible job of teaching you its systems. The character modeling is nice, and most of the animations as well, but the facial animations are completely off and ruin the presentation.As a budget title it seems adequate, but it didn't turn out to be the surprisingly good game I was hoping for."
,Recommended,216910,17901431,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Still Tyrion,"Rather a mixed bag. On the positive side: an interesting and engaging story, some parts of the graphics are rather well done, the faces for example, good voice acting, good music and a fighting system which is often fun. In many parts of the game this is an enjoyable mix of stealth and direct action. But the game design is so peculiar, that I can only imagine that the maker of the game had only a rather short design document like this: ""Itemization (is overated anyway): not too much and let's put the best stuff in the first level, then choosing armor and weapon is done and out of the way. Level design: there is a beginning and an end and a tube between them; if this isn't interesting, the graphic designer has  f**ked up. Tactical freedom: who has time for this nonsense, if the player dies he knows he hasn't yet found the way how I think he should do this level. And people who want a choice can always choose the character they play with. Character development: It's a rpg. Have you never played a rpg? Right! There you go. But let's get creative: Let's add some really cool abilities at the end of the game and let the player decide which group of abilities he chooses, but - here is the trick - without telling him what the choice are. Cool, right? And ... but that should be enough to get you going and I have to go down to the beach. Have fun!""So the writer, the graphic designers and even the composer did their part, while the game designer spent a wonderful time at the beach."
,Not Recommended,216910,4775265,"Posted: 16 January, 2013",all,Rocksors,"I recommend you not buy this game. It's a blatant console port, poor controls and the dialogue was written for teenage boys that have only just been allowed to start watching TV with swearing in it. I wish it was a hard copy so I could give it away or burn it."
,Recommended,216910,17586080,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,iN008,"Of Orcs and Men will be hit or miss for most, from my perspective there's little wrong with the game. Most complaints I've read are against the combat system, it starts out a bit rough but gets better as you progress allowing for you to adjust the two characters to suit how you want to play. In my case, I made Arkail into a tankish defensive fighter whilst building upon Styx's offensive abilities.Story-wise it makes for a good change of pace to play as the ""monsters"", and whilst dialogue can be substandard at points, Arkail and Styx do play off each other well with contrasting personalities that lead to some good moments. The final thing to mention is the soundtrack is utterly superb, partially due to the Boston Cello Quartet's fantastic performances."
,Recommended,216910,25498022,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Rabcor,"Damn this game was good, I bought it because I noticed Styx (aka Styx: The Master of Shadows; Of Orcs And Men happens later in the timeline, the games are very different and can't really be compared) is one of the two playable protagonists in this game and I was interested by the premise of playing as an orc and goblin slaughtering vicious humans rather than the other way around. I sure was not disappointed.You can expect around 12+ hours of fun out of this game. (Do your damn sidequests you lazy slob!)The game is a highly tactical action game with some RPG elements (e.g. you get to level up and choose which attributes to put points in for some minor per-level gains in stats (I found stamina makes the biggest difference so I recommend putting some points there), and also you get to choose what equipment you want to use which will vary based on your preferred play style/tactics). The combat system is rather unique and surprisingly advanced, I didn't really master it until around the last few levels in the game, the system reminded me a lot of the combat system from Star Wars: Knights of the old republic, but the major difference was that the combat system in of orcs and men is realtime (kotor was turn based) and I enjoyed it quite a lot.The game follows the epic tale of Arkail and Styx, an army of two who set out on a suicide mission to kill the human emperor who has enslaved most of the orc population (Styx is just in it for the money, he doesn't seem to care much about other goblins, he seems to think of them as nothing more than rats). Together they have to prevail through countless insurmountable challenges, and needless to say the going gets tough.Of Orcs And Men is a difficult game (if played on medium or higher difficulty) and there are several battles in the game where you need to plan out your battles well, usually on the fly. The difficulty of the game however gets massively dampened by the ability to revive your ally once he falls (with low health) which means that in the game's toughest fights you can basically try to keep Styx alive to revive Arkail when he gets killed (basically kiting your enemies on Styx and running in circles then reviving Arkail, let him take over for a second to deal some real damage, rinse and repeat). It also makes the game a little easier that you can use Styx as the assassin he is to go ahead and mercilessly assassinate as many enemies as he can before the battle begins (sometimes he can take out an entire legion this way, sometimes he can only take out the one strongest enemy to make the fight a little easier), but it helps that this is very fun to do. The assassination system is a little too easy because unlike Styx's own game, it doesn't matter if enemies see their fallen brethren's corpses, they won't notice a dman thing.In turn however the games difficulty is slightly balanced by Arkail's inefficiency in extended combat against multiple targets. He's an angry guy and has this rage bar that fills up a little every time he gets hit and every time he hits someone else, and when the bar is full he goes berserk and just attacks the nearest targets at random, if Styx doesn't stay back then he'll get clobbered too and you won't have any control over Arkail until after his rage bar empties at which point he will have a cooldown period where he is unable to move for a few seconds (basically sitting duck) so this berserking system poses a little bit of an extra challenge (which adds to the need for planning your battles).Different opponents also have different strengths and weaknesses and to increase your effectiveness you have to use the right types of attacks on the right types of opponents (there are a few systems in place).There's a lot of fun in this game's combat.Then there is the story, I was surprised by how much I liked the story, while basic, it was also pretty good, it stuck to the point very well (even during side quests), and had just the right amount of twists and turns to make it intriguing. (It also had a few holes though I guess, but I won't go into that; don't look for holes and you won't find any, e.g. it won't bother you and you will enjoy the game more).Styx was just about the only particularly good character in the game (Arkail had some moments though), but that said none of the other characters were bad. They just filled their slots in the story exactly the way they were meant to.Now let's get into a good/bad breakdownThe Good:Very fun tactical combat systemFun (albeit a bit easy) assassination systemA very decent dark fantasy themed story (More game of thrones dark than berserk dark)Character interactions between Styx and Arkail can be pretty funny (When two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s come together...)Excellent soundtrack (a few of the tracks were rather unique and others cliché but all of them fit the atmosphere perfectly)12+ hours of gameplay (if you do your side quests)Replay value (The main focus of the game is the combat, and it's fun, it can take you a whole playthrough to master it and this can make you want to go for round 2 at a higher difficulty, or use different tactics)Many animations were very pleasing to the eye (sometimes when you press space to slow down combat for deciding what commands to issue to your guys, you can see various combat animations in mid swing many of which include jumping and spinning, it's impractical irl, but it looks cool as hell in slowmo!)The Bad:Cringeworthy injection of the swearword ""♥♥♥♥ing"" into many dialogue lines (it seemed misplaced and out of character for pretty much everyone except Styx, and you'll hear it right from the start of the ♥♥♥♥ing game! (Arkail's voice actor also makes it worse, something about how he says it..))The game is slightly old and it shows on the graphics, they're not exactly bad, they're just not particularly good (shaders were great though).There are a few bugs and wonky controls in the game (for example, the characters are supposed to auto-attack enemies in combat if you have not issued them attack commands, but if arkail is in a defensive stance he'll just stand there like a dummy and take everyone's fist up his♥♥♥♥♥like he's got a fetish for it instead of fighting back) but overall there wasn't anything game breaking.Many characters share the exact same face/hair model, even important storyline characters (like this guy called Raven, I've seen his face on so many guys it's not funny) it helps that some opponents are orcs and most human opponents have some sort of helmets to at least help mask this issue, but it feels kinda sloppy.I think the devs did great with what they had here, it looks like the game had a pretty limited budget but they really pulled through, and despite the bugs they lazily left in there, it was an amazing game. Quite different from most games I've played, it's uniqueness is perhaps the biggest reason why you should give it a go.Worth the 30$ asking price? Absolutely, and not for the graphics, but for the gameplay and story (for once)."
76561198017744567,Recommended,216910,21686772,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,dellyfry,"It took me a little while to get used to the mechanics of the game - it is based both a realtime and turn based in it's combat. You play the Orc or the Goblin, each with special abilities and ideology. When I first played the game I was all that enthused but it grew on me and now I adore the game. Good story, witty comedy (especially from the goblin Styx). Great companion game to another game called Styx: Master Shadows. Highly recommended. It's only lacking better weapons and and is a bit too linear. Otherwise, a fun rump and has a high replayability."
,Not Recommended,216910,31310704,Posted: 22 April,all,itmejlee,"A bit longwinded for an action game; not bad but unpolished. The combat system was unique and refreshing. The main characters were cool but their progression elements fell a bit flat. Levels were strictly linear and environments were empty feeling. Its story is bare bones but decent, however the ending is weak and the voice acting is generally amature. Great lore potential but never truely capitalized upon. Shallow fun if you don't mind repetetiveness. While not memorable itself, it was at least interesting enough to spark my interest in Styx: Master of Shadows."
,Recommended,216910,31659232,Posted: 9 May,all,Aurumlamina,"Every once in awhile I give a game the benefit of the doubt and give it a go even if I'm on the fence over whether it appears to be worth my time or not.  Often, my gut feeling is correct and the game turns out to be a mediocre experience at best.  However, Of Orcs and Men is one of the exceptions and ended up being a great game.Of Orcs and Men has one of the best narrative experiences that I've played in a linear RPG.  You play through the tale of a Bloodjaw, an elite orcish warrior, who is on a mission to kill the human emperor who has been eradicating and enslaving his people.  The reversal of roles very much helps push the narrative as you see it from the eyes of an orc, instead of the humans, elves, and dwarves that are against him.  Shortly after leaving for his quest, the orc is approached by a goblin with a completely lack of morals who acts as the personality counterbalance to the honorable and straightforward orc that the game begins with.  The adventure that follows is full of twists and turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you are absorbed into the atmosphere of the world,The combat mechanics of the game are not anywhere near as impressive as the narrative, though I found them to be adequate.  You control both the orc (Arkail) and the goblin (Styx) in a real-time with pause combat system that reminds me of Dragon Age to an extent.  Character building was entertaining as there are a number of ways to build your characters so that they perform like a well-oiled machine.  There are several stats and two skills trees that are unique to the characters, and both of these mechanics are there for you to customize your playstyle.  An additional perk to add to the mix is that at a cerain part in the story each of your characters makes a choice regarding their own story arc that upgrades them to one of two classes narratively tied to it.Of Orcs and Men is a game that you should get to playing right away if you are a fan of games with a good narrative and can let yourself be pulled into the world.  If you are a heavily mechanical player, you may not enjoy this title as much but I would still recommend giving it a chance as I found the game in its entirety to be a memorable experience.  Overall, Of Orcs and Men is a solid entry into the RPG genre and one that I am very happy that I gave a chance even if I am several years late."
,Recommended,216910,12588598,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,MisterMollusk,"Great music,  likeable characters, and a decent story with some interesting twists. Diamond in the rough."
,Not Recommended,216910,12578566,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,cazsim83,"As many good things that I can say about this game, I cannot recommend it. The story is interesting and points are given for showing orcs, goblins, and greenskins in general as something other than mindless beasts (although there is plenty of that, too). However, the characters are very one-dimensional (edited for clarity), and for as long as the game feels with the incredibly tedious combat, the payoff at the end isn't nearly worth the journey.Why does Arkhail do that roar all the time, every time? Is Dalmation the only breed in the Empire? Really, why is Styx the only goblin that can talk? (Unless I missed something, we can only assume, even after glimpsing into his....mind.This game does a LOT right, and I wish more companies would take risks like this, but unfortunately with risk comes the possibility of falling short, and Of Orcs and Men does indeed fall short."
76561198015213429,Recommended,216910,30901612,Posted: 2 April,all,Samson,"Takes a while to get used to, plays nicer with a controller but great fun"
76561197987083150,Not Recommended,216910,17931424,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ChibiNyan,"I'll first say this game is quite nice. The art is good, the characters too (playing an orc and a goblin in an RPG with humans as enemies is really refreshing), the story is average but the characters are interesting. However, this game has one serious flaw : frustration.First, all map are linear. More linear than Skyrim's dungeons. More linear than FFXIII's. And all optionnal quests' maps are designed the same way : a linear corridor with 3 battles. Ok, optionnal quests are, you guessed it, optionnal. But in difficulty 3 out of 4, you have to do thoses quests to level up.The battle system is really frustrating. At least in difficulty 3 out of 4 (thus, 4 too, and maybe 2). Especially for those who want a little RP and want a badass orc without hacking through the levels in a too easy difficulty.First, your orc is weak. Well, he's stronger than the average enemy, but I was shocked how quickly he can fall, even in defensive mod. For most battles, you want him in full tank/defensive mode while the little goblin does all the dps...So much epicness is lost here. It would have been better to have the goblin in full status inflicting/assassin role. But no, he will often deal most of the dps...The rage thing is probably the most frustrating for RP players like me. IF Arkain becomes enrage too early, the battle is probably lost. The only moment when the rage is handy, is when there are only one or two enemies left with little HP, and Arkain can benefit from the extra health he gains when he becomes enraged.So, basically, either the rate comes too early and you lose, either it comes too late and you lack the epicness, either it comes in a stupidly easy fight you would have won without touching your controller/keyboard anyway...Why play an orc if you can't go full berserk more often ? Why can't they be a little more useful ?For the battles, the orc is slow. Ok, it's an orc. The muscular beast who hits hard but is slow. However, his attacks can be cancelled by the enemies a bit too easily. And by ""a bit"", I mean ""a lot"". In the early game, trying to stun an opponent fails 3 times out of 4. And the stun time is so short you'll regret trying to stun them. Other skills are so long (because the orc hits multiple times in the same skill), you lose time because he hits the ground after he killed his target... while other enemies are still hitting him in melee range.Those may seems like little details for you. If it is, well, buy the game. I think I said the main problems I encountered with this game. But for those who wanted to play a badass orc, either don't buy it or play in easy difficulty (with all the boredom it may imply)."
76561198049947166,Recommended,216910,25623028,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Bread Spread,"While playing this I had a feeling that I have been in this universe before. Huge wall, that separates orc lands, from the rest of the world, huge white tower/city right behind wall, humans, elves, dwarfs and mages on one side, then orcs and goblins on the other... and then I got it!This is Lord of the Rings universe!Orcs here looks like Trolls in LOTR, goblins like Tolkien's orcs, and so on and so on.Story is just told from the Orc perspective, how it was before the War of Middle Earth, where both sides did what they did, regardless for causalities, ethics and lives of other races.Basically, this game is LOTR story without Elven/Human propaganda!10/10 for story and characters!"
,Recommended,216910,17908904,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kassar,"Just finished it... like 5 minutes ago... and m sad its over.Glorious, amazing well written and sequelless...GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT! GET IT!...cuz I want a sequel."
76561198049462113,Recommended,216910,12505388,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Wolkalak,"An amazing game with combat similar to the original mass effect or dragon age. But an awesome  skillsets that wil let you adapt the game to your needs. Defintely an understated gem. You get to be an Orc and a goblin, a warrior and assasin. How cool is that? Cant wait for more!!"
,Recommended,216910,8690344,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Pain&Prosperity,"I finished this a while back so this isn't as fresh in my memory as it should. Also I have to be honest here, cyanide games are a guilty pleasure of mine. I always think there are some good ideas floating in their games but they don't manage to make the best out of all those ideas. That being said on to the main event.Gameplay:You play as 2 characters here and you can switch between them at any time once you get the second one. The first is the orc, Arkhail, and the second is the goblin, Styx.Each of them has 3 skill trees in which you can add points to get new abilities or improve an ability in 1 of 2 different ways that adds an effect like stun or lifesteal to that ability . Arkhail has a berserker and a tank tree and the 3rd has some actions that include Styx like throwing him towards enemies and later on when you choose a specialization class(story event) you get some more skills here. Styx has an assassin tree and ranged dagger throwing tree and the 3rd again has combo actions such as throwing a heal potion to Arkhail. These skill trees/wheels also count as stances that give different bonuses.Speaking of potions there are none :P You have to keep your HP up by using skills, items with lifesteal and good planning before going into the fight.Both characters can equip gear that drops or is found in chests and is specific for each character. While there isn't a whole lot of gear each new item you find will be different and sometimes they will be sidegrades instead of upgrades so they can be useful to the build you are using for them.The fights can get rather challenging at times but all of them can be overcome with some good planning. The main thing to take into account is that Arkhail has a rage meter that can build up pretty fast and sends him into berserker mode where he is faster and stronger but you cannot control his actions and he sometimes takes pauses just to roar at the enemies in which time he gets pummeled. It's up to you if you want to go the berserker route and try to survive fights counting on his rage or go the tank way where you can control his rage and diminish with certain skills. Personally I went berserker for Arkhail and assassin for styx with a few skills from the other trees just enough to cover all my bases and it was fine though there were some fights that I had to restart quite a few times. It is by no means an easy game.Graphics:From a distance they graphics look OK but when the camera zooms in for conversations the textures are really bad and blurry. A high res texture pack would to wonders for the game but I doubt we'll ever see anything like that. There is variety in the locations you go as far as design but the overall color palette is pretty bland with a lot of browns and greys.Sound:I'm not really good at this part. Thesound seems ok to me but maybe someone with a better ear will tell you differently. The music is good and the volumes are well implemented (as opposed to viking battle of asgard). My only issue here is that half the voice actors are bad. Arkhail and Styx are ok though and it's their banter that you will be hearing for most of the game anyway.Story:At the beginning the human empire is waging a massive war against all greenskins and is winning. The chief of the clan tasks Arkhail with killing the emperor as to finish the war. Arkhail needs help getting to the emperor so a guide is hired and this is where Styx comes in. From there the story has all sorts of twists and turn, some that you will expect and others that you won't. I really enjoyed the story but what I enjoyed more was Styx. He's just one of those characters that you either love or hate and if you love him you can't get enough of him.Bottom line:While there could be improvements done to all sorts of things it was an enjoyable RPG that has replay value at least for the way you can customize the play style of the 2 characters. Also take note that a lot of F-bombs are dropped, and I mean a whole lot (just in case you wanna give this to your kids to play and you're worried about that sort of thing)."
76561197976983124,Not Recommended,216910,9345452,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Adam X,"As pretty much every review says the story was awesome, so were the characters, the setting, the terrain, etc. But after awhile it just got boring. The combat and level design got monotonous and so did the enemies. The worst part was the combat. It had so much potential and got ruined by repetitive enemies and tactics.'I would give this game a vegetable/10"
,Not Recommended,216910,7933059,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Beastly,"Terrible game play, slow and unresponsive. Don't waste your money."
76561198045601944,Recommended,216910,17883712,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Iskandar,"Dynamic characters, great and intriguing story, and a somewhat of an odd combat system. Would recommend for fantasy lovers and strategy game enthuisiats."
76561197973832609,Recommended,216910,25972751,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hollowriller,"overall i had a blast with this game, the combat felt a bit clunky at the beggining but as i always start games on the hardest mode to shorten any game to often only one playthrough it would not be a problem on the easier diffucultys i think, i found it most difficult at the start before i found a tactic that worked for me, Arkail on full defense with stun punch and agro and styx with dps, poison, armor breaking and most important of all self healing, saved me a bunch of times when Arkail got beat down and had to survive until i could revive him, it pretty much went along the same way to the end of the game.there were a few things i found anoying, unskipable cutscenes before hard encounters especialy the last boss, it limited your ability to save at some points where it would have made some parrs less tidius, (even an auto save before the final boss would help alot, now you have too survive 2 waves of enemies that takes maybe 15 minutes, then a cutscene you have to watch and then the boss, He is more of a race to beat rather than the more tactical fights of the rest of the game, had to do him 6 times before he died and it felt a lot like luck at that point)but with a few exceptions i had a really enjoyable time and it felt like time well spent :)"
,Recommended,216910,25940258,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Langor,"Watch me play this hidden gem, Of Orcs and Men to see the gameplay style. The game is geared to a select type of player, ones who like story rich gameplay with a unique style of tactical combat. Its not for everyone, but if you are into this style of game, it is definetly one to get!https://youtu.be/sAlHcVgwSdw"
,Recommended,216910,18961715,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Toe,Love the characters. Great lore. Different combat mechanics than I'm used to (that is a positive).
76561198037003601,Not Recommended,216910,35157046,Posted: 23 September,all,deftpwns,"I couldn't get into the game. I used to enjoy Thief back in the day when I was younger and figured this would be a good way to dive back into the genre, but it just did nothing to capture my interest. I didn't play it long enough to be able to give an in depth review, but I can say that what I did play I didn't have fun."
,Not Recommended,216910,21527808,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fisho,"After really hoping this game would work I cannot giving it a recommendation.1. combat is extremely repetitive and boring. Pretty much since group 1 until last group you do almost literally the same thing.2. story is interresting, but spread out so thin, however I liked the whole lore spinoff of this fantasy world.3. gameplay design is borderline insane. 99% of game counts with 2 character combo, with Arkhail as tanky dude, and Styx as killing glasscanon. But several times, especially in the end, the game splits and allows only one. I literally couldn't finish the sections and move on, even on normal difficulty. Who told the devs it's a good idea should be fired from further level design. My orc doesn't do any damage and my goblin doesn't survive more than 4 hits. It is ridiculous.4. pacing of the game is completely off, it appears like a huge game, first chapter takes hours, plethora of them, but chapter 3 and 4 together takes barely an hour, it's off putting and seemed rushed."
76561198060536492,Recommended,216910,12494880,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,john.baldwin28,Love the story and the gameplay!
,Recommended,216910,12529337,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Miister Savage,"this game is fantastic. this game has the most amazing combat system ever, mixing elements of realtime and turn based. the graphics are all right and even though this game isnt meant for its music the music in it is pretty good. the story line is to die for and it is definitly worth the money."
76561198137363172,Recommended,216910,12467057,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,VoldeMorty,"Don't expect much choice or loot. But the game gets an 'A"" for graphics and storytelling. The combat is similar to the original mass effect or dragon age. But the skillsets are very cool. Defintely an understated gem. You get to be a tank and a stealthy assassin. Orc and a goblin. How cool is that? Cant wait for the sequel."
76561197983740996,Recommended,216910,12929412,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Chane,"'Of Orcs And Men' is a nice game. It is kind of relaxing because first of all the game tells a story. You can influence the story by your choices and there are many choices to make. Some players don't like the game because you do not fight directly. You can only give orders to Arkai and Styx so the fighting is indirect but you constantly have to change commands during a fight in order to win.Graphics are not the best but OK.The music has its ups and downs.Dialogues are very good and convincing, at least in German.I recommend the game if you like fantasy and especially if you liked the 'Game of Thrones' game from the same developer. Although 'Game of Thrones' was better in terms of story."
,Recommended,216910,9001420,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Corvus,This game is a rts combat game. I enjoyed the combat most of the time although sometimes it felt strung out and meaningless at some points when you don't hear anything new from the story for some time. It's got an interesting story inwhich you follow the acts of a goblin and orc who are thought of as lower class citizens because of their race.
,Recommended,216910,17879640,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,PipBull,got this game 75% off take a chance. Great game got 31 hours on it before beating it prob around 28hours really with pauseing and stuff well worth the money even better with the 75% off. Warning however the combat is different its like game of thrones combat you dont get to swing your sword you press commands to do it which was annoying for me at the start. Got used to it very easy saved alot dont get caught out. i was lucky to not encounters bugs but others have said they have so save your game7 out off 10 easy i think anyway
76561198003586639,Recommended,216910,13751600,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Breier,"A very good game, 15 hours campaign. Worth to buy, much more on a steam sale :)"
,Recommended,216910,26042618,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Nezumi,"Its not the newest game but I wanted to play it before taking on Styx. And I am glad I did. Very cool, entertaining story, even if very linear has quite a few interesting choices to make on the way. Characters are having a lot of skills to learn, quite a few weapons as well to choose from. Sometimes game was very hard - I intended to finish it on hard mode, but after being frustrated in some battles I just set for normal. Very cool game, very cool world and most definitely very good characters. Pick it up, you will not regret it."
76561197992725777,Recommended,216910,30193172,Posted: 26 February,all,KungFuBrad,"While I didn't like the game myself, I still think it's a good game. The graphics are great, the atmosphere better, I just didn't appreciate the combat.Something like this would have benefited from a more action oriented / responsive combat system in my opinion. The combat system is a mix of tactics and skill stacking. You press Space to pause the game, then load up pre-defined attacks into a stack that get executed top-down. If that's your cup of a tea, then this game will probably be a rare gem."
76561198076757867,Recommended,216910,20375134,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Damyel,"I played Of Orcs And Men as preparation for its prequel Styx Master Of Shadows (I heard that Orcs And Men sets up the lore better, i haven't really sat down and played Master Of Shadows yet so we'll see if thats true). I had a surprisingly good time with Orcs And Men. combat took a while to get used to, and it looks god ugly in places but i found myself really getting into the harder fights and laughing at the dialogue between Styx and Arkail.Verdict: If you like RPGs pick it up on sale it's a solid way to spend a weekend."
,Recommended,216910,23934888,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Peppery Rabbit,"This was a spontaneous buy for me. It was on sale and i needed an RPG to tide me over before The Witcher 3. On the surface, it struck me as a strange game, first of all. The mechanics and combat are weird. It's a Pseudo-turn-based style and i hated it when i started.Fast forward an hour and I found myself really getting into it. The combat became familiar and the characters had just started to gain a little intrigue. Of course, there are only two characters but i wanted to learn more about them. After two specific story-heavy missions, i'd really started to love the characters. The back stories are understandable and they genuinely get to you.All in all, the combat is weird but by no means bad and, whilst the story was mediocre at best, the two main characters were great."
,Recommended,216910,25471250,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,THE-LONELY-ROBOT,The was great I got it on sale for 5.99 put 11 hours into it all and all worth the money I paid the game might be a lil on the older side but still has great story and voice acting to boot. Combat is and lil hard at first but its pretty easy to learn. If you have any love for orcs or goblins this is the game for you.
,Recommended,216910,18154400,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,James #TeamRocket,"this game is a gem, the only bad thing about this game is the gameplay and the story is too short.other than that, this is quite a good game.buy it ONLY when it is on a sale ! Worth it !!Story         5.5 /10 (too short)Gameplay  5.5 /10 (the combat gameplay)Others       8.5 /10"
76561197980650229,Recommended,216910,18170893,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Pendragon,"This game is definitely worth playing. Good plot. Interesting team fight mechanics. Something a bit different. However, I can understand why it split opinion. I tried this a few months ago and hated it but the second time round I loved it. I don't know what changed! There are some irritations mainly when it shoves several lengthy fights together (sometimes with lengthy dialogue inbetween which you can't always skip - you know where developers) without an autosave or the ability to save anywhere in sight. I hate this hangover from console games! The challenge should be there without the need for repitition to bore you. Oh and stealth kills leaving the place littered with dead bodies the guards just walk over without a comment - come on! That said I still liked the game, give it a whirl but stick with it at first - probably not got instant appeal."
76561198007032985,Recommended,216910,18172816,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,LazerVolk,"First and most , it may say it`s ""action""  , but it`s kinda not , well at least in traditional way ...It`s like final fantasy without turns but you still  have to set actions for your characters .Dialogs could be more fluent and smooth , story has its twists and turns but who cares really.Recommend playing on hard difficulty.All in all you should watch some gameplay before buying ."
76561197977667322,Recommended,216910,25724047,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lostfol,"I personally found this game to be enjoyable.  The dialog and story were strong, if anything the strongest part of the game.  There were several nice twists in the story and overall enjoyed.  Dialog between the two main characters was the highlight as there are lots of great linesAt times it was tough, but not bad impossibly so.  At i did encounter a bug during one mission, but outside of that, enjoyed the game.  There is about 15 hours of game play for a single play through."
,Recommended,216910,25772488,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Vilham,"Would buy when on sale.I played this because I had played Styx already, heard good things about this. It has a cool story and world, but the gameplay is fairly simple, there is no real concept of exploration or navigation as you are only able to walk/run. Combat is decent and gets better the longer the game goes on, just needs something else to add some variety to the game."
,Recommended,216910,25973920,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Clann Cadhla,"Mildly interesting storyline and fun gameplay mechanics. Personally not my cupppa tea, but it isn't bad."
,Recommended,216910,14888274,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,White Shadow,"I've had a blast playing through this game, and it's so extremely rare these days for any game to hold my attention for more than an hour. The story was pretty decent, dialogue was fantastic, and I was really attached to both of the main protagonists, since they were very likeable and relatable, despite being of otherworldly descent. Just be warned, there is quite a bit of swearing in the dialogue, but I thought the way it was done was creative. The whole narrative in this game is top notch.The combat system was fun and strategic, and the battles in general are quite challenging. Since this combat system is quite different to most RPGs, I'd personally suggest to play on Easy mode on the first playthrough, so to get acquainted with it.The game is quite linear. Most of its levels do tend to be a straight line, which will not appeal to players who like exploration, but I personally didn't mind the linear gameplay, because I enjoyed the story and the gameplay. In addition, you get a lot of sidequests in between. I was particularly impressed with a part of the game where you get to put together a squad and a plan of attack, and each little sidequest in that section actually counted towards it, which made them worth doing.Also worthy of note is the music. It was lovely to listen to and fit the scenes where it played perfectly.Overall I loved the game and I think it's very underappreciated. Would definitely recommend it and hope to see more games like this one from the devs behind it."
76561198139695778,Recommended,216910,35169901,Posted: 23 September,all,SeaFoodAndButter,"Before you read anything else I write, understand that the combat system in this game is ""queued"". If you don't know what that is you might not like it. But basically it is just like KOTOR 1 & 2. If you don't like that kind of combat, don't buy this game.Now, short and simple, I give this game a 7.2 of 10. At first it moves slow and combat is bad and your moves are weak. But after the first stage and some level-ups, this game starts to turn around. It has a cool system where you control two players, one that is a tank and one that uses stealth and battle support; it works well once you understand how to use it. Plus, the story actually becomes pretty good 2/3 in. Not to spoil anything, but there is a really interesting part 2/3 of the way in and it made me want to finish the game.As you can see, I spent about 30 hours playing this game (a game that can be finished in like 15-20hrs) so I spent time searching and learning. I am a bit bias because I like Spider Studio (especially since 2012) and I recommend this game.This is not a AAA title and there are flaws in it (for ex. the story is ptretty bad overall, and the AI is a bit bad). But all in all, I recommend this game for $10 USD. Just remember, this game kind of sucks the first 5 hours (I was ready to stop and start another game) but once you start leveling up and build a tactical battle plan, you began to give enemies the beat down."
76561198117483943,Recommended,216910,25480701,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Windbag,been waiting for this game a while now :D
76561198041933219,Recommended,216910,13531065,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sketchy Llama,If you've played their previous games you know what to expect. However if you're new the series and want to play with a controller I'd say it just feels better on the keyboard. The graphics are decent but what pulled me in is the  storyline. It's not your typical storyline and to me the way the main characters talk about the Earth Mother and a few mentions of calling them pale skins reminds me of the Native American/European incursions.Combat feels a lot like the original Dragon Age but not even really that sometimes your characters just go full retard and do some of the crazy stuff. I'd definately rate anyone to play this great game all around if you can catch it on sale even better.
76561198011357793,Recommended,216910,14130961,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Smokerunner,This game is just plain fun.  Orcs and goblins are good guys and the human 'heros' are the bad guys.  Snappy dialogue and decent cut scenes and graphics for a 2012 game.  Its a fun story that has some twists and turns you don't expect.  The maps are a bit linear but still a good time.   If you are going to play Styx this is a great game to check out first.
,Recommended,216910,12443429,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Warrior Bond,"The combat system in this game takes a while to get used to.  I didn't fully grasp it until the end of the first chapter, but once you get it the game can be quite enjoyable.  The storyline is worth following through and the characters are very interesting.  There is some jankyness here though so don't expect to love it out of the gate."
76561198094296117,Not Recommended,216910,35227955,Posted: 26 September,all,kyle1r97,"This game is basically an RTS with broken RPG elements. Essentially it works like KOTOR where you pause, plan out your attacks, and then cross your fingers. This would be fine if it wasn't for the broken RPG element. You see, as you level up you get to choose what abilities you want to spec into for both characters. I decided to go with a light tank/dps for the orc and a heavy rogue/dps for the goblin. But eventually I came to a point where this doesn't work, the enemies all did too much damage for my characters to sustain 1 or 2 hits and i had to constantly kite them into a corner so I could revive the other one. Eventually, I backtracked several saves to respec my characters and make the game playable. But now that I know there aren't any choices for me to make, I don't see a point in beating the game anyways"
76561198021110857,Recommended,216910,12818666,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Netheil,"Nice game, great story, good dialogs, but I have to say I finish the game with a feeling that this game had potential that wasn't fully used.As for bad stuff, music was mediocre, trading system is almost non-existent (maybe it'd be better if it were no trading here...) and fighting system, although very nice in concent, feels as if it is little unbalanced and random. In first chapter I've won several battles by going into berserk at about 10% of health and finishing last enemy at about 5% of health...But all in all, I think it's great, about 7.3 out of 10. And now onto buying Styx ;)"
,Recommended,216910,14531714,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,jntns,"I really enjoyed playing this game for two reasons:One: How great can it be to play an Orc and a Goblin fighting hateful humans? (Hint: Super cool!)Two: I totally love the gameplay! Think about tactics, combine stealth and open fights, offensive and defensive combat.(Okay, the ""tunnel"" levels is a bit oldschool; it might get boring, playing the game for many hours at a time...)A cool idea and well done implication! More of that in a more open world, please!"
,Recommended,216910,10998957,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Raio Boss,"I don't consider this videogame as RUBBISH. Many people think that but I disagree. Actually, I enjoyed the storyline. After all, you are an orc and not the usual human greenskins killer! The game has different defects. The animations are not really synchronized and the AI looks pretty stupid many times. Those must be improved in a sequel honestly. Graphically I expected something really better, so I was a bit disappointed when I start playing it. I don't wanna talk about the gameplay.. it's really boring and it must be redone completely. I think a ""more action"" style would be more funny than simply clicking on skills and look at your characters doing the job for ya. There's also some micro-management in that, but nothing serious. As I said before, the storyline is nice and I played it just for it. Actually, there are different side quests, but, actually, I don't know if they affect the story at all. Oh,yes, one more thing: In my opinion, the ""missions"" are too short. Most of the time you'll be watching videos. They are not that bad but I'd like to play something more too. The right balance should be found. I didn't pay for a movie, but a videogame ;). This may be exaggerated but, still,  the good balance must be found. I'd recommend this game if you wanna play a nice storyline and love orcs."
,Recommended,216910,34893250,Posted: 11 September,all,[C*] Zatara,"+Very good story,+Interesting characters.+Fun to play.+You have two characters at the same time. An Orcish berserker and a Goblin assassin.+++You are on the Orcs' side, punishing those racist filthy humans."
,Not Recommended,216910,15792684,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Jrgl_Cuchallain,"Warning: There is not only no way to rebind controls ingame but it appears also not in the config files.Other than that it's anextremelylinear game with highly repetitive combat. The story simply ticks all the boxes needed and nothing more though it does have two frankly unnecessary twists: one silly and one bloody obvious. The combat system is, as others have said, a little 'off' though still functional. It's a shame since the developers do seem to have really tried but the game just comes off as a bit boring.On the positive side the soundtrack was good, if a little repetitive, as were the graphics (both from a prettiness point of view and in terms of art style/matching the setting). The protagonists were also fun enough both individually and particularly when interacting with each other. The Stealth made for a nice change of pace and wasn't forced even in the specific stealth sections. I did enjoy picking off people slowly to make the inevitable fight easier on the big guy. The worldcouldbe interesting to revisit as it's just unique enough to interest me but it'd need a less repetitive game (preferably one with a working combat system).You'll probably get your money's worth if you pick it up on sale but there isn't much replayability unless youreallyenjoyed it.It might also have made for a good coop game."
,Recommended,216910,25776138,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Count Cuckula,"This might be my longest review yet so here's a TL;DR: Alright game that probably could've been amazing if it had more development.Of Orcs And Men is an Action-RPG type game where you get 3 sets of different moves you can use for 2 characters and you can input 4 at a time and they will initiate automatically when you choose who you want to attack. While the gameplay is somewhat unique I can't help but feel most of it is flawed in some way.Gameplay: One of the biggest problems I had with the game was that you get about 30 different skills that you can choose to unlock as you please, and also assign skill points when you level up, but a good portion of the skills seem to be near useless or have barely noticable results. Throughout most of the game you rely on the goblin, Styx, for the majority of the fights whether you're using the extremely OP stealth mode to take out as many enemies before you have to initiate a fight or having to almost ALWAYS use the ""Armor-piercing"" skill since a majority of the enemies get tons of armor that you need to break down. Area of Effect skills also seem to have a bigger priority over every other type of skill. Arkail, the orc, compared to Styx is almost completely useless in most cases if not only to be a hit-sponge distraction to ensure Styx never gets attacked. He can also build up enough rage to go into Berserker mode yet that is entirely useless and often does more harm than good. You also can't see the amount of Dodge/Deflection an enemy has until you're attacking them and you notice they constantly Dodge/Deflect your attacks. In the end the gameplay wasn't horrible but it definitely left a bit of a sour aftertaste with me.Story(probably spoilers): The story was honestly pretty good. You play from the perspective of an exiled orc who's people are being hunted down and enslaved for the glory of the human empire and you are tasked with killing the Emperor. You're accompanied by the only intelligent Goblin in the world, Styx, who helps you get over the Wall and decides to stay with you for the entire journey. Arkhail has a strong racial bias against Styx in the beginning and Styx is just looking to get paid, but eventually they become good pals after they witness the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ conditions that orc slaves must endure and even witness each other's troubling pasts. They even gain some human allies along the way showing that not everyone supports the orc's enslavement and befriend some mages too. In the end you kill the Emperor, but it was just a trap to turn the elves and dwarves against the orcs as well as make some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the new Emperor. Then you kill the Emperor again and you kill the super evil, super strong wizard leader of the Inquisition. The last boss was pretty disappointing since it was very easy compared to a lot of other tough fights and the game ends with Arkhail and Styx being happy but now everyone, except the few mages left, is waging war on the dwindling orc race. The voice acting wasn't terrible but it has some very amateur moments and could've used some work. One thing that really surprised me as well was that nearly all the orcs and goblin talked exactly like a human compared to having an odd accent or speaking in strange tones.Everything else: For a 2012 game the graphics are slightly underwhelming, but it wasn't a big enough problem to make me stop playing. Some areas randomly drop frames quite a bit but the majority of the game was stable. The AI was a bit shoddy at times as well ranging from enemies or even my partner getting stuck on other people or objects in the environment. The music was quite good at some parts, but it wasn't anything special.Why did I make such a long review for this game? It's not everyday you get a fantasy game where you play as orcs who are on the morally good side and the world is quite different from the typical Tolkien/Warhammer fantasy. Like I said in the beginning, the game had a very promising start but it seems as though there was a major lack of development that set it to be just ""alright"" even though the game was published by Focus Home Interactive who has supported a large amount of other games(some being Warhammer based). Of Orcs And Men is definitely worth at least one playthrough and at most ~$10 on sale, but don't go into it expecting anything amazing."
76561197970493590,Recommended,216910,11837537,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,john,Overall a great game. Probably one of the more enjoyable Action RPG with tactical pause in recent years for a number of reasons.Good visuals and 3rd persion with a great perspective and decent controls that works well with a keyboard and mouse. It just is very easy and clean once you understand it. Very well done story with decent voice acting.Itemization is a little simplistic yet effective. Inventory management and item upgrades are very streamlined for ease of use. Which struck me as a little odd given how challenging the game can be at times The end result is an interesting blend of streamlined yet difficult in that it requires planning and thought for how to approach fights.Stealth gameplay was very well done and incredibly effective at helping you to progress through the game.It is very linear however does not feel especially short or rushed.Limited character customizations outside of basic attributes and skill trees and there is no new game + so this not a game most will replay.I am the type of player who really likes exploring and finding all of the quests and yet doing that in this game I still could not break above 17.5 hours of gameplay. So while it is not too short it could have had a bit more content or at the very least new game+.Overall a solid 7 out of 10.Highly recommended at $15 or less.
,Not Recommended,216910,18689596,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SageNTitled,"This doesn't feel very polished and the gameplay isn't satisfying enough. The movement and combat system is awful and comes with a great deal of bugs. The animations aren't very good and some of them are used repeatedly in the same cutscene making it look oddly unnatural, as if cutscenes weren't bad enough already with their slow pace and silly voice acting. I've tried to play this game, but it feels like the game doesn't want me to. This would probably be better as a point-and-click game."
,Recommended,216910,19950981,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,eydya,"FIRST IMPRESSIONSPROS:GRAPHICS: Gorgeous. It is the right balance, everything goes together and nothing really ""sticks out."" It's dark and secretive befitting the setting.STORY: Interestingly attractive. At first, because we are all human, we think we get to play the anti-hero; but then, we realize we are actually playing the role of legitamate heroes, attempting to kill the man enslaving your people (though killing inocents still make you evil lol).CONS:LANGUAGE: Quite honestly the languae is immediatly offputting and breaks immersion. Having served in the military I am mainly desensitized to foul language and I understand and agree in some games colorful dialouge can inhance the tension or emotion of the scene. But this is basically a twelve year old trying to sound edgy by dropping the F-bomb every other sentence. It doesn't even flow with the characters themselves. It even happens in casual conversations between characters who seem to be friends. It's as if the voice actors who were hire are so stuck on their automatic swearing they couldn't turn it off just to make a game. Where are the antequated euphamisms, or the fantasy twinge on standard words (Frak anyone?), or even just making it more appropriate to the story? When he refered to Styx as vermin in the Orcish tounge that was great, but this school yard ""look at me I give the game a mature rating"" edgespeak is just a joke. It isn't offensive, it is annoying.MECHANICS: As mentioned in several reviews the mechanics are a bit ""meh."" The near time-stop action que is a great idea, but you feel like your character is always 3 actions behind everyone else. Not to mention there is no command for movement when in this menu.6/10 Get it on sale."
,Recommended,216910,2137588,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,david,This game features great visuals and a very cool dark atmosphere most players will certainly much appreciate. Gameplay for the most part  will remind some of you of heavy weigth strategic RPG from the PC like Dragon Age (the first) and older Baldur's Gate / Icewind Dale / Panescape Torment for it also massively relies on the widely acclaimed active pause system. Tactic / Strategy / Rpg nutties like me will undoubtly get a lot of satisfaction and raw fun from this cool and well polished product.
76561197994640892,Recommended,216910,8816342,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Ryanheart,"I gotta admit, I really loved this game besides the few obvious down sidesGraphics - very clear and smooth and pretty for what it was 9/10Characters - The characters for the most part grow on you and the voice acting wasnt tooooo bad 7/10Music - Loved it, a lot of violin ancent battle music easy a 10/10 for meGameplay - Was very much go to point A to B but overall was fun and simple 7/10Story - Storyline was excelent until... well those who play im sure you know when 8.5/10Overall - 8/10"
76561197985072747,Recommended,216910,1040173,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,A 3rd person RPG where you play an Orc Warrrior and Goblin Rogue class. The story is in a new fantasy world where the orcs are victimised. The combat is similar to the Game of Thrones RPG (mix of action and paused skill selection). There is also stealth kills similar to the dog in GoT. As I enjoyed GoT I enjoyed the mechanics in this and the story added a new twist to the genre.
76561197989611244,Not Recommended,216910,25501063,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,TheEyez,"the game itself is a lot of fun, I enjoyed the story line it was a different perspective from the eye's of Orcs and Goblins. The biggest problem is with the game itself seems to be the battle system and battle's themselves. There are several points in which if you didnt pick the correct skill's there is almost no way to beat certain battles or bosses. Since the game itself does not offer the ability to farm experience this leaves boss battles as overly complicated even at the lowest difficulty.Many of the abilities themselves do not do (or as strong) as they suggest (or at least it feels that way)."
76561198117107627,Recommended,216910,25663252,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Professor Genius,"this game is cool. finished 1 playthrough in about 16 hours. was linear, but i don't mind that like some people do. was a cool addition to the world of Styx, which i very much like."
76561197971663658,Recommended,216910,18392999,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,alkemmy,"Only just gets the thumbs up.  Looks like yet another action-RPG mass-produced from a basic stencil, just with the graphic set adjusted and a few changes made to menus and such like (here the production company uses the in-house Silk engine instead of UnrealEngine3, but from appearances both are very similar).  There are a lot of them about and almost none has anything to lift it above the others.  This one just pips the entry-level competition to the post by virtue of the character Styx, a slightly cynical wise guy who has seen it all.  He has his own game, Styx Master of Shadows, which is really quite good, possibly better than this one because it draws you in, and this one doesn't have a lot going for it in that department.  The storyline appears to be pretty basic.  It relies a lot on keeping you wondering if it's going to get any better.  I'll add another comment if that does in fact prove to be the case.  But don't wait up, so far it's been a dreary string of learning-curve chores and irrelevent mini-tasks instead of a Hero's Quest."
,Not Recommended,216910,11438459,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, the combat is ok... but can be quite stressful. I loved the setting of the story... but sadly the game itself let it down."
,Recommended,216910,8310036,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Arlequim,"Awesome game. This is one of those games that are hard to stop playing, I only stopped because I reached the end. The story was better than I expected, it's good to see orcs as heroes once in a while.Well, the only thing that troubled me, at the beginning, was the battle system. It took me a while to get used to it and a little bit of patience to master it. Despite that, it's a great game."
76561197971628333,Not Recommended,216910,12950585,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Modranto,"An astounding soundtrack and two well crafted main characters aren't enough to make Of Orcs and Men worth recommending.For a game released in Oct. 2012 this game feels like it could have come out nearly a decade earlier (aside from its graphics). This is a painfully linear game. The vast majority of it is spent running through brown and gray winding corridors with evenly spaced groups of enemies to encounter. What choices you are able to make, both in moving about the world and within the story, ultimately don't have much real impact. The voice acting for the two main characters, Arkail and Styx, is high quality but the remaining cast ranges from bad to atrocious.The major selling point for this game, playing from the greenskins' perspective, is implemented with mixed success. The character arcs of Arkail and Styx are both enjoyable. Their personality's balance each other out with Arkail being the brawn and honor type and Styx being the brainy and cautious one. Unfortunately the game follows a lot of stereotypes in terms of orc behavior and in a storyline centering around slaves revolting against power hungry evil rulers. Change the orcs into humans from a warrior tribe led by shamans and very little would change. That makes the story feel more human relatable but also cheapens the greenskins' perspective feature, making it seem like more of a surface change or gimmick.A lot of reviewers have commented negatively on the excessive use of foul language and I'm inclined to agree. It's not that I am offended by the words but that it feels forced, like a misguided attempt to make the game more dark and gritty. The script is otherwise decent with Styx's dialogue being the best it has to offer ranging down to some of its one dimensional villains being its worst.I enjoyed the combat during the middle hours of the game but not in the remaining hours. At the start your options are limited before you unlock more attacks and there is a bit of an awkward learning curve. Later on, the repetition got to me as the same strategy that worked early in the game worked all the way through, making most fights feel the same. Styx's ability to stealth assassinate enemies before you are spotted was a feature that I eventually stopped bothering with. I found it wasn't necessary to win most fights, slowed things down and wasn't particularly fun.Of Orcs and Men's biggest success in my opinion is its soundtrack. It stands out with a unique style that features a lot of cello and drums. As soundtracks often go, not every track is interesting but on the whole I found it catching my ear numerous times throughout the game.There are situations where I would recommend Of Orcs And Men but overall I didn't find this game to be good enough to recommend to most people. For example, diehard action RPG fans who have already exhausted the higher rated games in the genre might find something worth playing here."
76561198050309260,Recommended,216910,8785108,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,kinglucky13,"This game is fun and a little clunky. Hard to figure out how control the characters at first, but you'll get it after awhile. Don't pay full price not worth it...wait for a sale."
76561198005884033,Recommended,216910,35211609,Posted: 25 September,all,stott56,Styx is always fun to play and giving him a tank to fight along side of is a nice change from the other games he is in.
,Recommended,216910,34939481,Posted: 13 September,all,TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT,One of the few good goblin games left on steam 10/10
,Not Recommended,216910,28168905,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,scott229070,"Honestly? The game just doesn't work well. Combat and gameplay are aggrivating and slow. There's little to no control other than selecting actions, which sometimes works really well but not in this. The dialogue was awful, listening to your main characters talk is just painful and everything sounds incredibly forced. It wasn't even all that original, the whole thing just comes across as incredibly unsatisfying."
,Recommended,216910,12435059,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Arkice,Of Orcs and Men is great. Of course I cut myself on the edge this game tries to throw but I find it charming. The cursing and grit sets itself apart from the multitude of other fantasy worlds. A bit like The Witcher did for it's world. Except a little less depressing.
76561198003332807,Not Recommended,216910,22133659,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,EternalNewbie,"Disappointing.  Let me start by staying, I love the concept, to play as  an orc fighting humans for once, and the developers have created a rich & detailed world with interesting lore, as well as two well-written & interesting main characters. I'll happily read novels set in this world.  And the graphics are pretty good.But everything else about this game is painfully uninspired.  Every level is a corridor, and some have long stretches with neither enemies nor points of interest.  Loot is rare and frequently boring, the skill-trees are uninteresting, and while combat has a novel design allowing you to switch between the characters & queue up actions, the result delivers neither interesting tactical challenges, or good action sequences.  Hard fights often find you leading your enemies in circles while trying to revive your other character - and this is not helped by comically bad hit detection that can see you killed by a swordstrike from 20 feet away."
76561197999350722,Recommended,216910,12519991,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Grr_Mysac,"tHIS GAME WAS ALOT OF FUN AND MUCH LONGER THAN I HAD THOUGHT. i PLAYED IT ALL THE WAY FROM BEGINING TO END-GIVE THE PLAYER CHOICES THAT EFFECT FUTURE OUTCOMES. I WAS BLOODTHIRSTY SMACKING @#^%ES AROUND AND KILLING PEOPLE SOFTLY WITH THE GOBLIN ASSASSIN. THE GAME KEPT GOING AND I DIDN'T WANT THE GAME TO END. WELL DONE, NOW THAT IVE PLAYED THE GAME I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO HAVE SEEN BUYABLE UPGRADES WITH REAL CURRENCY PERHAPS? ALSO, CUSTOMIZING THE CHARCATERS LOOKS TO ONES LIKING WOULD HAVE BEEN COOL. ALL IN ALL COOL♥♥♥♥♥GAME-MYSAC"
76561198027902542,Recommended,216910,12792294,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Grim Holiday,"CAN SKIP----------the first thing i thought when i shaw the video is""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥balls batman i can be a berserking orc and kill all the weak hume's?"" then i played the game.  it was nothing like that video they show.   it was more like they tryed a turn based game then half way through they stopped. after a few hours, i found my hard-on was gone.   tear jerking story i know.STORY------------it is about a orc by the name of arkail and a goblin named styx(and yes it is the same one from styx: master of shadows).  arkail is sent to out to kill the emperor to free his people from slavery and just being killed like dogs.  other then what the main story tells you there isnt much back story to inform you, they told you about why arkail was called ""butcher"" in just 3mins and why styx is the only smart goblin in the world' again in just a few mins.    i can try and sum up the story for you ""clears throat""  roid rageing orc and smart♥♥♥♥♥gablin set out too kill emperor. hit a few road blocks, then orc just solves them with force or goblin gets back stabbed trying to solve them his way.  they fail' does a 180 back just to go the opposite way and gets back stabbed.  now that i said that it reminds me of the redundancy of narutos storys.COMBAT----------it is not vary smooth. you have to either hot key your moves or use what is called the tactical wheel to use any moves.  it is rather boring once you get a good set of moves you use, over and over and over again.  the steath part isnt vary great, you just move into the area with people and kill them before they see you are arkails 8FT♥♥♥♥♥where you left him.  but the game can get hard i can say that much, if you set it that way.GRAPHICS-------the over all graphics arent that bad, but seeing how they never make a scene from scrats, just take when you see then make there mouths move.  arkails arms are so winde you catch him getting stuck on walls and doors in a few of the cutscene. all you seen about styx is him useing the same 4 motions for the whole game.LOOT-------there isnt vary much.  for a RPG you find the best gear in the first few levels then you are ""set"" for the rest of the game. people dont drop stuff you just magicaly get them putt in your inventory when you""find them"" you cant loot people after they die.  no, what you are looking for is a chest or a rather large bag that is glowing and setting at a dead end on the other side of the map that you need to be at.LEVELING--------you level too fast and you dont get much to sink your points into. it isnt tell damn near the end of the game do you get some new skills that are worth more then the ones you start withREVIEW-----------all in all it isnt a bad game to get when on sale.  it has little to no replay value to it. it wont scratch your itch for steath or strait up berserking with a 8FT orc.  but the story is what sells it.  good luck finding a game that lets you play as one of  most fantasy RPG worst nightmares. thats right, im looking at you lord of the rings.  JUST DIE ALREADY!!!"
76561197995958276,Recommended,216910,1655556,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Shogi,"Why didn't they call this 'The Green Revolution?'Seriousface: it's a satisfying kind of buddy movie/JRPG/squad strategy hybrid that starts a bit slow and gets gradually better just about all the way through. It's got an interesting and deftly drawn setting, a great main cast, intermittently excellent VA, meaty combat and some genuinely cool moments. I finished it wanting more and recommend it if you want to see the standard high-fantasy setting twisted round a bit."
,Recommended,216910,8908457,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Mostly Nice,"Brilliant game, well told story and fun comabat. I was shocked how much i have enjoyed playing this one. It helps if you're a fantasy fan and are interested in all thing wizards, orcs and goblins but if if you're not don't let it deter you. The characters are well scripted and racial perks/traits are well versed throughout the game so far.Well worth the money, look for a 66% coupon though and get this tidy game for $10."
,Recommended,216910,25564878,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"Orc's of Men is an an interesting twist in a rather old Genre.  Not without it falls, but the experience so far has been enjoyable and the combat is entirely innovative, but there iare little twist that makes it different.https://youtu.be/CuxBezDdUHg"
,Recommended,216910,1255390,"Posted: 22 November, 2012",all,legion,"An ambitious action-RPG where you play as an orc and a goblin fighting against an opressive kingdom of humans. The game looks great visually and the fighting is like Dragon Age 1. I had a hard time getting interested in the story though, since the main characters are not that likeable. They use the word ""♥♥♥♥"" a lot.Buy if you want to support the developers which is a smaller developer that deserve support."
76561197983183675,Recommended,216910,964329,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Slybel,"I found myself having a hard time trying to put this game down. The story plot is great, and it's interesting to see things from an Honor-bound Orc Perspective."
,Recommended,216910,493915,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Chandler,"I actually really liked this game. It got average reviews, but I thought the characters were pretty great and the story was good."
,Recommended,216910,10722911,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lilithnerevar,"This is one refreshing new IP (for me at least) which I'd love to see get a sequel with triple the budget. Dont expect graphics orgams from it, but the very cool 2 protagonists (I really got fond of goblins btw) and the unexpected role to fill in, the game / fight mechnics easily counterweight this. I can only recommend this game."
76561198004780654,Recommended,216910,12067201,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Montrasaur,"Of Orcs and Men may not be a perfect game but it is a great game that tells an amazing story. I loved the characters and the quest they where on. It really was a wonderful change of pace. The RPG elements of the game where not the greatest and combat was normally a little repetative but both where still very enjoyable and reminded me of a more basic version of Dragon Age.During my first play through I felt that the developers idea of making a challenging fight was to simply ""crank it up to 11"" but after playing it once though I was able to get a better idea for what worked well and rarely ran into anything ""unfair"" during the game.The only thing that really dragged the game down was the lackluster level design. Most levels are very linear and basic. There was mention of how the goblin Styx could go places Arkail the orc could not at the start of the game but I think this was only implemented two or three times in the game and the few times I could do it I felt like it didn't make a difference. On top of that some of the character design for the supporting characters was, well, total crap. Although the main characters where very well done for the most part, the majority of the enemies where extremely generic and skins where recycled generously. These are small complaints though as the focus of this game is on Arkail and Styx and the wonky NPC's don't detract fromt he experience too much.Over all though I still highly recomend this game. I loved it. The stories of Arkail and Styx are inspiring and by themselves make the game worth every penny. I have shamelessly stolen a lot of the ideas behind the plot of this game for a Dungeons and Dragons campaing I have been running for three years now and the players love it. Now that I have beat the game twice I can't wait to give the prequal, Styx: Master of Shadows, a try."
76561198043786356,Recommended,216910,12091378,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Rocktagonal,A really fun game. Underated a very overlooked by alot of gamers and reviewers. Definitely worth a playthrough or two.
,Recommended,216910,11137752,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mackizar,"So, for what it is I absolutely loved Of Orcs And Men. It's a pretty bare-boned RPG to be sure, with only a handful of locations and only two playable characters, but what was awesome about it, to me, was the story, and how it was presented. I loved the portrayal of orcs as a subjugated race trying to cling to their old ways of honor and dealing with the corruption of man. I loved the back and forth relationship between Arkail and Styx as they adventure together.The combat system is pretty cool, too. It goes into slow-mo while you Queue up actions, and you can scout ahead and stealth kill dudes with the goblin before charging in to mop up with the orc, letting you approach encounters how you want for the most part.Definitely worth a play through if you like story and orcs."
76561198026048160,Recommended,216910,12083690,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,chris435,"It's not every game that you get to play as an orc and goblin. I really enjoyed playing as the green guys and sticking it to the humans. I also enjoyed the story line, acting and the overall look of the game world. The banter between the two main characters is entertaining (as long as one does not have a problem with swearing). The game played well with a controller.The combat system took a bit of getting used to (which is not helped by poor camera angles which can result in targeting the wrong enemy). However, as the skills and attack options increase so does the enjoyment in the combat.Overall, I recommend this game as I really enjoyed it. However, be weary if you like only high speed combat and want a lot of replayability."
,Recommended,216910,12120929,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,DarkEyedBlues,"The game isn't perfect but it's got an interesting world, great characters, and solid tacticle gameplay."
,Recommended,216910,750372,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,b3Nign,"This one must be one of the most underrated semi-turnbased action RPG of 2012. It picks up perfectly on a ""goblin-ish"" humor and delivers on all aspects that you would expect from a RPG set in such a universe. Storywise it doesn´t fall short and could certainly come up with a sequel, including some improvements here and there. Overall don´t miss out on this game."
,Recommended,216910,10033316,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,MahiKnight,"Great game, been playing with the controller recently, game seems built to play with it. It's a nice new fantasy universe where we actually get the orc's side of the story. The combat is good,those familiar with Dragon Age and KOTOR will be stepping into familiar ground.The voice acting is good mostly but some human characters need some dire recasts or something.It was sort of strange to see orcs without tusks though, everyone looks like The Hulk.Overall good game,great if you are an orc fanboy like myself. I hope this new IP gets more followers and might someday get a sequel."
76561198034170588,Recommended,216910,13349353,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Sami1oo1,Very good.
76561198070820867,Not Recommended,216910,17979354,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Intense Beast,"Well. I'll give some honourable mentions to the graphics and the idea of the storyline. War can be niether right or wrong according to who's telling the story. I love that idea.However the trailer eluded to some cinematic dialogue with glorious voices all supporting what was going to be a wonderful experience of combat. Yet I only got grunts and written dialogue. 'Okay, that's forgivable I guess'...but the more I let the characters continue in dialogue, the more I felt like I was reading teenagers speak...Then I entered a turn based combat system, again which wasn't displayed in the description nor the trailer. Now, I don't enjoy being ridden like a fool and that's how I felt when I bought the game."
76561198171399494,Not Recommended,216910,17980918,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hubaloo2,"This game is terrible. Styx can go stealth, but the utility is highly limited and ineffective. The combat is clumsy at best. The story seems interesting enough, but the gameplay is balls."
76561197972118795,Recommended,216910,15867613,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,All American,"The short version: This game, overall better than mediocre. The story was interesting; the graphics were fair; the controls were good. 'Of Orcs And Men' had a lot of potential to be a GREAT game, but some of it's bugs and shortcomings bring it down. Nevertheless, I recommend giving it a play-through.--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---I will not rehash the concept behind 'Of Orcs And Men'; there are plenty of reviews which lay out the concepts of this title. What will follow is a collection of problems I had with 'Of Orcs And Men'.Graphics: Character designs for anything that's not a goblin or orc are painfully mediocre. Humans and dogs are bland at best, and many of their animations are very stiff. Shadow quality is poor. Many of the animations, particularly in cut-scenes, can be a bit jittery.Dialogue: The early game is pretty good. Arkail and Styx were done mostly well throughout the game. Other voice actors are often bland, wooden, or outright BAD. The voice work for the one dwarf in the game is HORRIBLE, sounding as though it may have been ""read"" by a computer generated voice... it was THAT BAD!General Combat: Throughout 'OOAM' you will very often find yourself swarmed by small hordes of enemies. This is great, as it lends to the sense of awesomeness of the protagonists. Many of your combat abilities cause crowd control effects, such as stun, which are often necessary to survive some encounters. While it's understandable for some enemies to be more resistant to these effects than others, there seems to be an anti-CC-lock mechanic in place, which seems to prevent MOST enemies from being stunned more that once or twice. This would be great if it worked both ways! I found in some combats, particularly those with magic-wielding Inquisitors, that the enemy's ability to unerringly CC you can easily lead to your death if one of your characters falls, making it impossible for the conscious character to rouse the unconscious one.A.I. Combat: Arkail and Styx are a team. You can control either character, and whichever you are not controlling is directed by the A.I. when not given a list of specific commands, or when that list runs out. Additionally, if you are scouting ahead with Styx, and get detected, Arkail will not automatically run to his side to fight with him! This can be particularly tricky if there is a bit of distance between the characters. Opening up the command menu will slow time to a crawl, allowing you to issue commands, but you can only move the characters in real time, and you can't control them both at the same time. This often leads to having to run Styx back to wherever you left Arkail, who will be waiting there with a thumb up his .... Adding to the A.I. combat frustration, stuns and other such crowd control effects used against you will not only interrupt the character while trying to execute a command, it will often clear their command queue, meaning they will not resume the queue once the effect has passed. This can often be detrimental, particularly in cases where you've queued a character to perform a vital self-heal.A.I. Pathing: There are many points where one character will get stuck and not follow the lead character (especially if you're scouting with Styx.) Additionally, there are a few locations where even the character you're controlling won't respond to a given command due to a pathing problem. What's worse, this often leads to enemies (at least the melee variety) completely ignoring that character and ganging up on the other one. If the ""invisible"" character is Arkail, be prepared to watch Styx meet his doom VERY QUICKLY!Miscellaneous Issues: 1. While the story for 'Of Orcs And Men' is fairly interesting, some of the conversations can be painfully length, especially in a few of the scenarios where you have died (sometimes multiple times) and are forced to repeat a lengthy bit of dialogue. This can be even more obnoxious if the game won't allow you to skip the dialogue. 2. The armor upgrade system is extremely simple, giving every item in the game a single upgrade. What's more, the game does not give you any sort of preview as to how much this will improve an item. At early stages, when trade points are sparse, it can be quite irritating to upgrade an item only to find your currently equipped gear is still better. At later stages, when you have mages who can supposedly ""enhance"" your equipment, this could have been made significantly more interesting by adding effects to gear rather than the same enhancements you would get from any other merchant you had dealt with at earlier points. Equipment upgrading was very lackluster. 3. Saving, at later stages in the game, is virtually pointless OR inaccessible, forcing you to rely on autosaves, as you may be forced to soldier on through a series of several combats before the next save. This was particularly obnoxious at the end of the game, as a death with the boss fight would force replaying three or four consecutive combats AND a lengthy, unskippable dialogue scene. 4. Arkail's weapon after loading. It seemed that after every break (quitting the game, and loading it back up at a later time), Arkail's weapon would no longer look like what he had equipped, and would instead look like a simple stick/club. It wasn't until near the end of the game I realized this was because Arkail would somehow unequip his weapon upon reloading the game! This is a minor issue, as you simply have to re-equip his weapon, but this shouldn't even happen in the first place. I also had this happen randomly during play, usually after the occasional cut-scene. 5. At a late point in the game, both Arkail and Styx are each given the choice between two advancement paths which grant access to additional abilities. The game does not give any indication as to what the different advancement paths with grant, so players who are more interested in the abilities they will gain rather than the story reason for selecting a given path will find this lack of insight a bit irritating. 6. Styx is all about stealth, but this option becomes an increasingly less viable option the more the story advances. I found there was almost no point to stealth at the end game. Dogs cannot be assassinated, very few enemies are positioned in ways which allow for stealth kills, and those who are are often extremely weak anyway, so there is not much point to wasting time with sneaking. As a proponent of stealth-based games, I found this highly disappointing. Additionally, the few times where you are forced to play solo as Styx, you are thrust into the combat with no option for approaching with stealth. If you don't build Styx to be tough (focusing on Stamina), this can make for a ludicrously difficult combat.General Gameplay Weakness: While there are many options available to the player as they advance Styx and Arkail, the best option is to focus on Arkail's defensive abilities and Styx's ranged abilities. Optimally, focusing on Stamina for both these characters will make them extremely tough, and make the game far easier to beat. Essentially, this is the only ""right"" way to play, particularly at the higher difficulty settings.--- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- --- ---All that said, the game was very engrossing. When I would play, several hours would easily pass, and I didn't want to stop until I had finished."
,Not Recommended,216910,17925971,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Idryss,"Combat system is a nice idea, however it is a letdown on the action. Not RPG, not ARPG....."
,Recommended,216910,13960358,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Bucket Rockjaw,"You play as an orc who beats up hummies  goblin grots and orc gits who serve da hummiesThe game has a great story which I wont spoil, the best way to describe the gameplay is like dragon age: orgins   you can pause and set up tatics to queue attacks and targets, certain enemys are weaker to certain attacks so you need to hit them with the right move. Some of the same areas are reused on side quests which can get boringto look at  but at least they look nice, the game has very nice graphics but has that dark and moody artstyle that is overused.The game ends abruptly after the last fight which kinda seems  that the designers either run out of time  or budget to do a big dramatic ending.overall id give it  6/10  It derserves to get a look at"
76561197967324471,Recommended,216910,16049411,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,H.U.N.K,A totaly underrated game the controls are a bit clunky but the story is EPIC!a game worthy of your time for the story alone.
,Recommended,216910,28040657,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Azsael,"Of Orcs And Men, takes you into a bold new realm and world... the world is something different and perplexing, and unusual against of the norms of what orcs and goblins are.It is follows an interesting story and an interesting dynamic of two different characters with different play styles, the combat options are curious and the advancement alright. Worth the price & the investment into the game"
76561198005723218,Recommended,216910,28349745,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheOmlet,"I definitely recommend this game. Even though it has some glitches, mechanics that feel underdeveloped, difficulty that sometimes feels poorly paced and combat mechanics that need some getting used to it's fun to play through. It also has a good story that keeps you playing so in the end it's a great experience and a worth wile investment of time and money."
76561197974688632,Recommended,216910,662666,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Raindog,"Lots of super violence and a good story too, that is sadly let down by a bad script ( I think something was lost in the translation from french to english) and some dodgy voice acting, all in all well worth a look."
,Recommended,216910,2041656,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Werewulph,"One of the best RPGs I've played recently. It's straightforward and not over-complicated. Great writing, dialogue and story, with excellent combat mechanics."
,Recommended,216910,4082170,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,WatchKyle,"After the 16hours of playtime I have to say this game as a rpg is awesome,The story is really quite unique the combat system i have to say is amazing.I had such fun with Of Orcs And Men,Being stuck with two main characters through the whole game you might think ..ugh..But trust me when i say they grow on you this feature is nothing to complain about if anything it makes you feel for the characters and they grew on me.I MUST BUY for any rpg fan!!"
,Recommended,216910,4981259,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Leader of the Shits Given,"This is now one of my most favorite games. You can control two characters, a goblin and an Orc. There are great battle sequences, characters, weapons and skills. The skill menu is easy and there are few attributes, making it easier to distibute the points. And the array of skills and stances is beautiful. The graphics are also good, aswell. I highly recommend this game to all medivial game players."
,Recommended,216910,5140029,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Belligerent Irishman,"It's a bit short and very linear, but it's got an interesting fighting system and a great storyline from an underused angle.  I'd recommend getting it on sale if you can."
,Recommended,216910,7581281,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Ctrl Alt Del,"A diamond on the rough! Of Orcs and Men is nothing short of a compelling tale of a reverse good-vs-evil plot. Although not necessarily a style only seen under fantasy, high or low, storylines, OO&M tackles those elements and tackles them HARD. Be ready to have some of your pre-conceived notions of fantasy twisted in a way that not even Shrek could come up with - and with a much more serious tone. Watch out for foul language (there is a LOT) if you'd like to avoid it. If you don't mind it like me, this will just bring much more life to this already vibrant world (after all, a rough orc and a shifty goblin aren't old ladies nor are their usual repertoire).Nevertheless, there are some flaws: animation is pretty damn bad (the persistent use of the blatant same animations reminds me of KotOR of all things, in a sense that you can tell which animation is being used - for the 100th time), so is voice acting for anyone outside the main cast (although Arkail and Styx, the protagonists, sound perfectly as they should) and graphics are okay, at best - a medium-end machine or lower can play it maxed and indeed enjoy some good visuals. I also dislike how pretty much every section of the game is structured as a ""corridor"": you have optional pathways, but it really works as a road with just one blatant way to go - instead of a dungeon-crawler, this is a corridor-crawler.The fascinating story, the likeable characters (despite sometimes feeling too one-dimensional, until late chapter 2, when things begin heating up) and the intriguing, almost turn-based, and simple (if played on easy) yet complex (on hard and *gasp* the frustratingly challenging Extreme difficulties) combat kept me going despite the flaws.Really enjoyed playing the game and I'm definetly playing it again sometime in the future. As well as keeping an eye out for future games from these devs."
,Recommended,216910,8023405,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,optimuspriceps,"An interesting game, with a few rough edges.Here is my video review of the game:http://youtu.be/0L849mmDL7I"
,Recommended,216910,8173453,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Ace󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Of Orcs And Men has all the qualities of a great book: it lures you into its story and you are constantly interested in what will happen next. Character interaction isn't forced by putting them around a campfire at night and boasting stories over roast pig. We hear little of their stories, and we learn of the main characters by how they talk to eachother and to others, and you learn more about them in a good pace across the game.Sadly, it also has flaws that comes with trying to simulate a good book in a videogame: the level designs and progress through the game are very linear, where the few stray paths are there to provide a little more gear, experience and sometimes a bit of story. The combat itself reminds me of Dragon Age 2, where you can queue up abilities in a slow-motion menu, where it is then executed in real-time. There's no shortage of abilities, but beyond the Rage and Concentration system, there isn't a very unique combat style. (In fact, on harder difficulties, certain abilities and builds are so much more effective than others, that combat itself can become repetitive).The blend of shallow RPG-elements but great story elements does make it fun to play however. If you take all the optional sidequests, routes and talk with every NPC, the game has a surprisingly large amount of content. With only three achievements dependant on multiple choice, it's possible to get every achievement in the game with two instances of reloading to a previous save.A few last special notions to some of the more memorable notions of the game: it's graphics, it's world and it's soundtrack.The graphics aren't very high-end, and with some ofthe more advanced games around, you won't be impressed. But it does a good job at imitating them, without being very demanding on your hardware.The world it plays in is different from other fantasy RPGs - that much should be clear by the title alone! It's one of the few recent RPG-releases that's more interested in painting morals gray than black-and-white.The soundtrack is from the Boston Cello Quartet, and is an absolute gem. It's also implemented into the game to play/loop certain parts of a soundtrack at certain points of combat/cutscenes; the soundtrack itself syncs with your level progression.Of Orcs And Men is a good recommendation, and it's a shame that Spiders Studio confirmed there are currently no plans for a much desired sequal. I personally found the price a bit too steep, but thankfully, Steam regulary allows sales and I managed to get Of Orcs And Men for a considerable discount."
76561198095249621,Recommended,216910,8563164,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,axiom1974,"This game is a gem.  Great for adult gamers, has a sense of humor very good graphics, interesting story.  I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,216910,3517092,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,[OTG] Bane Soulreaver,"This was a good game. A bit rough at some spots, but damn good. =)"
76561197962331495,Recommended,216910,118223,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,PeerPressure,This game is way under rated.
76561198061457618,Not Recommended,216910,19543325,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Optimistic,Could have been better than Warcraft if not for a combat system designed by Hitler.
76561198039221532,Not Recommended,216910,18920346,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,BrilliantMantis,"The combat mechanic just ruins it. It's obscure and heavily disfunctional. The story line is tragically unique and interesting, as is the aesthetic, but being unable to function through basic parts of the game due to vague and tricky combat mechanics just turned it into more of a hair puller than an enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,216910,18404137,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,bushiwodemingzi,"I really tried to get into this game, but to no avail. I appreciate the concept they were trying to go for, but in the end the storyline was boring, the combat is sub-par, and I could care less about what happened to the characters."
76561197976120880,Not Recommended,216910,18635132,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Tanook,"This game is such♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was expecting a game like Dragon Age based on all of the reviews, and the combat system is fairly similar. However, I can't get over the fact that the voice acting is SO bad and the orcs take every chance they can to spew words like ""♥♥♥♥"" &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; and ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥goddamn it"". They sound like that kid on the playground that learned a new curse word from his older brother and wants to say it as much as possible.The writing just seems cheap and coupled with the bad voice acting and meh narrative I say pass. I know I only have 22 minutes on record playing this game, but if you require more time than that for me to like your game when it is grating against me, I'm out. I wish the new Steam refund program had been around when I bought this game.I dunno, maybe play with sound off and only subtitles?"
,Recommended,216910,12477224,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Carl,"The game is bit rough, but i really enjoyed the story and the main characters, Arkail and Styx were a really fun. The story is great and the gameplay is good when you get used to it."
,Recommended,216910,12451040,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Clone303,feel alot like Mass Effect wtih Orcs XD will it's really good and fun game and good story and gameplaybut will you cant self fight so to say but choose what skills the characters should use but you need to use your head and use they right or you will die and the orc/Arkail the Tank and the goblin/Styx stealth and ranger and they talk really bad in this by that i mean alot of saying ♥♥♥♥ing but i really love the way characters talks so i say buy it's close to a most play for no other games where you are fighting for the Orcs and Goblins to free they
76561198094112770,Recommended,216910,35471668,Posted: 4 October,all,ThaiBoyTrader,"This is not a hack-and-slash, fast-paced combat game. So anyone looking for that type of action or enemies that drop pools of loot, I suggest looking elsewhere. It is a game that involves a mild amount of strategy with a good enough story to play through once. The combat is fairly simple, I highly recommend assigning all of your skills to hotkeys, so you don't have to pause the game every five seconds to add a new attack to each character. If  you do this, the game goes by much faster and feels more organic. Personally, I found Styx to be the much more interesting character to play as (go figure, he's the one with the series after the game). Styx adds another dimension to the game with a simple stealth dynamic that makes the actual combat easier.This game does what it aims to do well. However, this is the style of game that is very easy to just find one strategy and use it the whole game (e.g. using Ark as a meat shield, and Styx picks everyone else off on at a time and revives him when necessary). The game is very linear, so don't expect open-world, but it is easy to find the objective and complete it without getting lost or wasting time traveling. The choices in the game are interesting enough to make you contemplate them for a short while. But, once more, the take-home is the story and the development of the characters. Which was the sole reason I continued the game.Overall: 6/10Worth a single play through for fans of the genre onlyBuy on Steam Sale only"
76561198061239453,Recommended,216910,32948899,Posted: 28 June,all,Topaz55,Relatively mediocre fun
76561198009237691,Not Recommended,216910,12002415,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Stormlord,"I played this game for 1 hour and it crashed when the combat started in the tower. Was pretty exciting, but I like the game to be a little bit. I wouldnt buy this again? I bought it witha coupon. Thanks valve for coupon, but waste of money. Also game takes itself too seriously."
76561197964438544,Not Recommended,216910,11506249,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Tesshu,"It's a mediocre gameDecent graphics, story is ok. Voce acting: good for the main characters, very bad for the rest.Gamplay is very boring, there wasn't enough to keep me playing (I quit after 7 hours of boredom...)This game had potential, and I really wanted to like it, but.....as it is, it's just a waste of your time and your money"
,Not Recommended,216910,7721626,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Craxtus,"TL;DR, Orcs swear so much, a sailor would be offended. Speaking as not a sailor, I still don't like it.It may be a good looking RPG but the dialogue is pretty bad. The only way that the writers thought to convey that the orcs were angry was to add common swears such as ""F*ck"" and ""s*it"" into the dialogue. And for me, that really puts me off. I mean moderate curses throughtout the dialogue would have been better to deal with but in nearly every dialogue it's just said almost nonchalantly. It's not a make or break deal for the game but it does make me lose interest and any sense of immersion pretty fast.Maybe the game gets better after you stomach through the bad dialogue choice. I wouldn't know. I was captivated by the thought of the story and how it seemed like it was a different RPG -styled game. I was deterred after the dialogue made every bit of my immersion shatter like a windscreen underneath a 100 foot towering tree.But hey. If you don't mind the constant ""f*ck this"" or whatever, then by all means. It's got pretty grpahics and all that and the water running over the character models is pretty geniune. I'd rather go and find a better RPG that doesn't have ""f*ck"" used more common than another swear in some parts of Australia."
,Recommended,216910,10821277,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NtechRyan,"This game is far better than I expected. It surprized me by not really being an action rpg that I was looking for, but I fell in love with combat mechanics almost immediately. They are new, fresh, and innovative."
,Not Recommended,216910,7818155,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Diehr Wolf,"This game was only OK. The story was terrible, the dialog was poor, and the overall gameplay had something left to be desired.This is a game I honestly regret even buying."
,Not Recommended,216910,8758054,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Chaos,"Very stylish game with very good art that ruined by linearity, poor design and boring story. A wonderful pair of main characters and very mature and funny dialogs does not save the situation."
,Not Recommended,216910,8776893,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Arkan01d,"I've had Of Orcs And Men on my wishlist since it's release. The premise sounded very interesting and the idea of playing as an Orc for once made it even better. However, I held off on purchasing the game. I know Focus does not always release the best of games and I usually give them some time to get all the bugs and stuff under control before I purchase any of their titles. I also saw the critic scores that were just mediocre, but I don't always agree with critics.I said all that to say I have been waiting to play this game for quite a while now and was eager and convienced I would enjoy it. The story is pretty good. The dialouge options are really nice. It's great to hear your character actually say your dialouge choices instead of the silent avatar syndrome. Combat is meh. It's exactly the same as Game of Thrones. It's a mix of real-time/Turn-based combat that has you switching your attention between controlled characters. The problem I have with combat in Of Orcs And Men is the same problem I had in Game of Thrones. All encounters seem to have a slim margin of victory. You will focus on one characters attacks and after issuing 2 or 3 skills, you'll notice the other character is about to die. I don't understand how both of my characters seem to always be near death everytime I change focus. As well the skills you choose in combat aren't all that varied and I found myself sticking to a one two punch combo with my Orc and leaving the goblin as fodder since he's worthless in combat.Combat can be forgive though. I don't mind a challenge as long as the story is good. The reason I do not recommend Of Orcs And Men is FOV!!! That's right! The field of view for this game has to be about 30. Your Orc takes up 45% of the screen. If you choose to switch to the Goblin you're presented with a super zoomed in view. The graphics are great, the set pieces are nice, why they chose to make the view so damn limited and not show off their work defies logic. Game of Thrones had the same issue, but there was a work around. This game has none. It feels like you're trying to play a game while wearing your creepy uncle's coke bottle glasses. I got so dizzy that, after only 1 hour of play I had to stop. I felt like I was going to throw up. Even 30 minutes after playing the game I still feel slightly dizzy. Of Orcs And Men has to worst FOV I have ever experienced in a game.  I doubt I will ever play another Focus release again."
76561198036949955,Not Recommended,216910,9194774,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,The Greatwolf,"Absolutely gutted.I will start by saying that i only gave this game half an hour or so if that. I thought ""wow, an orc driven game!"" which got me going right away as i love the greenskin races. everything i'd seen including artwork, trailers and so on pointed to it being a fantastic game full of action and freedom to experience the lush, rich world that the creators so painstaikingly created.the pros: it is a beautifully animated game, well voiced and intriguing from the first minute. the two main characters are deep and interesting. it made me want from minute one to explore and play this game, (right up until the combat that is.) the musical score is amazing, that much that i bought it for my roleplaying group games.The cons: The downside of this game comes in the disappointing gameplay. it is done in the same format of SWTOR and dragon age which i find a bit annoying anyway, preferring the feeling of fully controlling the character. the switching between two characters isn't in my opinion very well done, and i found myself fighting to keep both alive instead of accomplishing team maouvers etc.the games pace in general isnt very fast, and it feels like a game in its development stage still. it is also criminally restrictive, railroading you which is even worse as the game looks beautiful but there is very little interaction.at best, a 6/10 simply for the idea and the music. the game is not good at all. It's so bad i feel like it was a complete waste of £20."
,Recommended,216910,811562,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"Having never played the Games Of Thrones RPG before I was pleasantly surprised by Of Orcs And Men. It's a linear RPG where you control an orc and a goblin. The goblin is good for debuffing and silently killing off enemies and the orc can be used for mob control basically. There's also a tag team move where you can throw away the goblin and inflict massive damage.The camps you visit will act as a hub for your quests.That doesn't sound all that exciting, right ? It's not, really. But the combat mechanic is somewhat fresh. During combat you can pause the game and choose your actions. Yes, we've seen it before. But maybe it's because of the characters; they're exact opposites of each other and that's what makes it so fun to play.Let's see, what else... the game can be finished in approximately 12-15 hours. The graphics are amazing; the whole things runs at a solid 60FPS. The voice acting is quite alright and the music is very good.[Rating: 85/100]Recommended ! (character limits suck !)"
76561198018892935,Not Recommended,216910,14588557,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,AceRimmer,"There are many points ""for"" this game.  But here are the main reasons why I choose to thumbs down this game.  First, the field of view is truly annoying.  For a 3rd person game, one has to rely on moving the mouse too much.  Second, the clunky ""que"" system to fight.  Each character has up to 4 slots to que up an action.  Even though through the course of this game I did get used to it...it is still a really terrible way for actions to be given.  Third, you have two characters.  One is for stealth and assassination the other is a fighting ""tank"".  ALL situations are perfect for the fighter.  Not all situations are perfect for the assassin.  Why?  Seriously!  Why?  If you are going to have two characters to control give them both an equal amount of situations where their skills are perfect.  I can't even begin to relate how many times I snuck up on a group of enemies only to find out I can't assassinate anyone because of the way they were placed.  Why even give that option to the players then?  Thirdly, there isn't a lot of loot and there is ZERO gold.  Want to upgrade?  Want to get new weapons or armour?  You need ""trade points"".  You get trade points with the scant few random chests that only contain ONE item or are given a couple here and there by the game.  None of the items end up being all that great even with the ""upgrades"".  It is hard to tell the difference between one item to the next.  They all feel basically the same in the long run.  Fourth, and last (just to keep it short)...  There are a LOT of cutscenes in this game.  Most you can skip over.  The ones for the last battle YOU CANNOT SKIP!  Imagine this...  You are fighting the last battle and die.  When you begin again you realise not only do you have to fight two battles until you get to the last battle but you have to watch the cutscenes!  You CANNOT SKIP THEM!  THEY ARE ALSO LONG CUTSCENES!  That's right.  The makers of this game give a BIG ""F-You!"" to the players with a three battle and two cutscene ending where you cannot skip the cutscenes.  True, you there are segments where you can ""fastforward"" but the cutscenes still last MINUTES.  You might think, ""Minutes aren't that bad...""  But when I am able to get up, walk to my kitchen, get a drink, come back and I still have a long time to wait...  THAT is too long.  THAT is the epitomy of annoying and unneccissary.The end battle is winnable.  The unskippable end battle cutscenes WILL make you rage-quit so you will never win it.My two cents?  Save yourself the aggravation and frustration and pass on this game.  If they EVER fix it so you can skip the end battle cutscenes then yes, by all means get it.  But I doubt they will ever do that so pass on this one."
76561198004580811,Not Recommended,216910,15602735,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ForReal,"I wanted to like this game. The story seems really interesting at first blush, but isn't engagin enough to keep you playing through the oft times burdensome cut sceens and clunky controls."
76561198014820081,Recommended,216910,2936357,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Bimpy,finely a game where you play as the orcs and the humans are the bad guys i really enjoyed the story in this game theres a war between the orcs tribes and the humans  and the orcs are loseing orcs that are not killed in battle are enslaved you play as a orc trying to kill the human emperor to put a stop to all the war that devastated your people now to the gameplay you play as a orc warrior and a goblin one is a tank and one is the one who dose all the stealth and range stuff dont be fooled this game isnt a real roleplaying game sure you can pick what skills you unlock and what quest you do and dont do but what you do in the game dosent really change what happens in the story and the levels are fairly linear so its more like a action game with role playing elements at least imo the voice actting isnt half bad sometimes it feels cheesy but theres some pretty funny lines in the game so i enjoyed it  and one other thing is that the combat isnt all that great like most of the time i felt like there wasnt all that much i could do and most of the time i felt that most fights couldnt be won unless i send my goblin to stealth kill a few guys til they spoted me so then my orc can kill them and the AI isnt very good like i could stealthkill someone while someone is righyt in frount of him and he wont care but sometimes they do  so i would recommend this game if you faver a game for its story over its action
,Recommended,216910,316571,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Ozzi,If you like the game play from Dragon age origins with a good comedic story then I recommend this game to others.
,Not Recommended,216910,35093010,Posted: 20 September,all,Matchitehew,"the combat system in this game is horried,it dose look good give in the age of the game,the storyline seem its trying really hard to be the witcher but your an orc with the same or slimmer powers it even calls butcher just like in the witcher,but i dont recamend this game dew the fact fighting just sucks"
,Not Recommended,216910,17886910,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,bunny1ov3r,"Even though there is a 75% discount on this game already, which bring the cost down to $7USD, I still feel like I spent too much on this game after playing it for a couple of hours. From my brief gameplay, it tries to have a great story and build a vivid fantasy world with colorful characters. However, however epic it may plays out, it is entirely ruined by the somewhat boring and awkward gameplay system. I keep losing in small skirmishes on Easy level, and it doesn't help that my computer is often lagging (perhaps due to conflict with DirectX drive or something) too.A shame that I won't be finding out how it progresses."
,Not Recommended,216910,17905968,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,seventeen,The story is gripping in the first hour and I really wished to continue to know how it develops. BUT.. I got stuck at the combat in the 3rd fight of the game! The combat system is really weird! And I find myself restarting 10 times trying different combination and skills and couldn't get past. I'm deleting this game.
,Recommended,216910,28103514,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"A team of an Berserk Ork and an Assassin Goblin? Sounds great, doesn't it? And it is! I like the fighting mechanics, the story, the graphics and the one thing no other reviewer I saw wrote about, a pretty good soundtrack!Almost forgot: There are also magicians simular to Jedi in this game and Star Wars is good, so that's a thing."
76561197982567490,Recommended,216910,13631428,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nathaniel Prime,"This is a game where you control a hulking orc and a cunning goblin. The combat is real-time with a pause function, and requires tactical thinking and basically no reflexes, which is a valid design choice. It has RPG elements, and the world it is set in is very grim, with human fanatics having enslaved or exterminated most of your race.I don't understand the lukewarm reception this game got. It has a unique twist on the dumb old Humans vs. Orcs cliche, and both main characters are interesting and compelling. The combat, at least at the higher difficulties, requires a lot of strategic thought and good planning, and it is just so sweet to see Arkhail break the back of the last imperial soldier at the end of a long fight. On top of everything else, the game looks incredible even on the lower graphics settings. What's not to love?!"
76561198005842333,Recommended,216910,8899075,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Aries,Of Orcs of men is a very good game and worth the money and time I spent playing it. It is made by the same studio that made Games of Thrones rpg using nearly the same game dynamics and effects  and with a tag team mash up style of play were you have a stealth character and a tank character. to be quite honest I pretty much spent my hole time in stealth while making my way around the game but that was enjoyable slitting peoples throats and then running for the help of my tank. the story was a refreshing out look on the tolkinesk mythology were the orcs are the under dog who must strike back at there aggressors the humans. the graphics were of a good standard I did think most of the time the orcs looked like the incredible Hulk but that just my view. If they were to make another game with a lead on from this story I would personally buy it for a reasonable price
76561198049553617,Recommended,216910,9318064,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Snowie Da Snow Leopard,"I really liked this game at first when i saw how the fighting gameplay machanics works i thought it would be lame but no this is a really good style i love it it adds that stratigy style of fighting to it the game play is nice grahpics are good allways raining so far lol kind of lame but not lame game, you have this little like base hub where you stay and you can craft and buy and sell items you dont need or want the charators so far i love them really fun really cool. this is a must buy RPG and this is my first RPG and i love it! still little upset no real freerom but what can you do this game is great tho. cons they us the same animation for acting like the fingers pointing down for here is repeted hundred times and the fighting gets a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you keep dieing today i just learned that when in rage you will turn on your partner! now thats a reallistic thing i feel when some one as big and angry as a orc gets in raged but it really shocked me at first  still never the lest its a good game i RECOMMEND IT"
76561198098007891,Recommended,216910,11697320,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,awojcik05,"awesome game fantasy , combat, awesomness eventually the game gets hold but still fun in the long run"
76561197986670728,Recommended,216910,1098573,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,HoveringBeef,"A strong story, dark, violent, often brutal, there are no potions here. Use tactics or die. Not much in the way of looting, it's all about smashing faces in on your quest to kill the emperor. Did I mention it's violent? How about there's lots of swearing, and mention of psychic♥♥♥♥♥♥ Literally. One quest, you have to psychically♥♥♥♥♥♥someone. It's not how it sounds, if you're thinking what I would probably be thinking in which case you're disgusting, but the point is it's not one for the kids"
,Recommended,216910,1324085,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Baron von Arthur,"Don't be fooled by this game's screenshots and video trailers. This game is an RPG at heart. The combat isn't an action hack & slash game like DMC, it's more a hardcore RPG like Dragon Age Origins but instead of being a top-down perspective, it's over the shoulder and you control two characters that you can swap to at any moment.This game's reviews may be bad but it's not really a bad game, while the voice acting doesn't match the mouth movements and the animation is pretty stiff, it's still a good game at heart. With an interesting story and some great RPG elements to keep you going.+ A lot of fun+ Great RPG+ unique and original story+ Styx is awesome+ A lot of action to be had+ Satisfying ending.- Arkail is a character that leaves more to be desired- Animations are stiff- Stealth is decent at best- Difficulty curve shoots straight up at the final half of the fifth (final) chapter"
76561197982155172,Recommended,216910,923548,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,BMW M Power,"Got it for $7.50, good deal. This game is actually surprisingly good. Different, interesting combat system and reealy good visuals."
,Recommended,216910,4035231,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,FaolanHart,"Sadly it would appear this game is an unplayed/underrated gem. I myself only picked it up during the recent winter sale & there is little about it on the web, especially positive. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this game given how much negativity there is surrounding it.I am a fantasy lover & playing as something other than yet another human or elf was a welcome change.The twist is that the orcs & goblins are the oppressed race who are  brutally murdered, tortured & turned into slaves & pets by the evil human race.Of course not all orcs are pleasant & not all humans are power hungry racist zealots.The music was a character itself, it has been a while since I really got into the music in a game & have found myself humming various songs.The combat is rather like that of Dragon Age, during battle you can hold space to slow down the action to a crawl giving you time to select what skills you want the characters to use; doing so is advisable as you won't win many battles spamming the auto attack. Although I found for the tougher bosses spamming the stun punch is pretty much the only way you can win. The game has it's faults, auto saves can be annoying, the last fight in particular, some parts of the cutscenes cannot be skipped, you will often get stuck in endless revives meaning just as you revive one character the one doing the reviving will die & this can go on & on & on dragging out fights. Much like The Walking Dead this game is a one time ride, it's linier & everything is a corridor so unless you care about achievements enough to go through a second time I doubt you'll play more than once. I personally found the use of the word ♥♥♥♥ & it's variations distracting, not that I'm offended by swearing I just thought it was used way too much & isn't really a curse word that fits the setting; I prefer it when fantasy games make up their own curse words.All in all I had fun with this game, certainly enough to recommend it though not at full price given it's issues & short length."
76561198044988493,Recommended,216910,5095221,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Grubzilla,One of the best games I've had the privelage of playing. Simple straight- foward story but an amazing narritive. I could not put this one down.
76561197973699058,Recommended,216910,7582876,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Kolter,"this was a game which was really really awsome, i really fell into the story and  i would rate this game 9/10. singleplayer, a bit rpg but really cool hard and fun"
,Recommended,216910,8885022,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,<ƶᴑ◯̄ᴑɱōℜα¡[==◦,7/10
,Recommended,216910,11852613,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,wBaRaTo,"É um bom game, com potencial para ser ótimo, em 11 horas de jogo facilmente voce terá terminado por completo.Espero sinceramente que os desenvolvedores, continuem este projeto, uma vez que é muito interessante jogar como um goblin ou orc. Infelizmente faltou desenvolvimento neste projeto, quem sabe mais um ano de trabalho para aparar os bugs e criar uma experiencia mais ampla, o mundo é muito direcional e existem oportunidades imensas para explorar armas, ambientes e habilitades.Recomendo desde que o preco seja atraente, 25 reais está OK========================================================================It's a good game with potential to be great, 11 hours in game easily you will have completely finished.I hope that developers continue this project since it is very interesting to play as a goblin or orc. Sadly missed this development project, maybe another year working to trim the bugs and create a broader experience, the world is very directional and there are plenty of opportunities to explore weapons, environments and abilities.Recommend since the price is attractive, real 12 dollars is OK"
76561198050954427,Recommended,216910,5506795,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,SilentTalon,Story is quite good but I would wait for a price drop and be prepared for vulgar orcs and goblins.
,Recommended,216910,7508228,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Veckn,"Nice story, not so good in gameplay."
76561197985467116,Recommended,216910,11134606,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DrGrimm,"great game, awesome dialog/ storytelling love the charcters. only con is getting used combat style."
,Recommended,216910,3876708,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Meglonoth,"Of Orcs And Men is not a game for everyone, but you should absolutely give it a look if you're interested in ambitious design or interesting worlds."
76561197984771375,Recommended,216910,8952363,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,GrimReaper,Great Fantasy RPG Game One Of The Best. It had a different concept to it and overall you have fun with it10/10
,Recommended,216910,6665379,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,GanonKirby89,"Ok, I was worried that I might agree with all the negative reviews abouzt this game, but after some time, I got used quite well to its controls. It may not be the best RPG available on Steam, but it's worth the try, when you're willing to give the tactical/stopping controls a chance. Then, you'll receive a beautiful RPG with a twist in it."
,Recommended,216910,9672213,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,roukard,"I'm very pleasantly surprised that this game is so good!  I don't generally like ""action"" games that much, but the story line in this game really draws you in.  Styx is AWESOMELY hilarious!  I can't wait for the release of ""his"" game Styx: Master of Shadows!  For some reason I really enjoy playing this goblin assassin.  He's wickedly talented with two blades.  I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys a good rpg storyline, or those that enjoy action games as well."
,Recommended,216910,9689825,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,DavidHorm,"Beat in 14 hours in Easy mode. I like the story, and how it's role reversal. Now you play as the Orc/Goblin tandem and the humans are the bad guys. The combat controls are clunky, the levels railroad you, and the patrolling guards don't notice that there's a fresh corpses in front of them (maybe because it was Easy mode?). Even the inventory system was kind of a waste of time. But the levels are unique and colorful. And the story was fun."
76561198082834327,Recommended,216910,9767935,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,LopezTheHeavy1,"Fantastic story! Beautiful world! Game play sucks! The line up attacks combat style, and control of two characters in combat was tedious and boring! The Goblin dies if you blink, and the Orc will rage taking control (at which point he kills the goblin) unless you constantly burn turns to calm him down. If you do take the time to calm the Orc expect to get roped every time you do so. By the end of the game I was picking rage inducing attacks to get it over with, and just playing the Goblin through combat as support for a bot that gets stuck on corners. Once the Orc rages it is just as likely to turn, and attack the Goblin so combat becomes ""Hit and run the puck away!"" The actual game play is just move, and fight. It's a ""hack and slash"" without any real control of the ""hacking and slashing"". The stealth play is like a bad joke as the enemies can only see the stealthed Goblin if its sucking their bick, or skull pucking the guy next to them. Linear  levels, and bad game play aside. I really enjoyed it! But with out levels and game play your just watching a bad CG cartoon with a good story. I fill the game makers could do better, and look forward to the prequel Styx:Master of Shadows."
,Recommended,216910,12089634,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,wackozacko,"Pretty decent game. The artwork and environments are beautiful, but level design doesn't seem too well thought out. There's a lot of walking down hallways without much to do lacking even character dialogue to entertain you.Combat is very good. I really enjoyed the different skills that were available and the strategy that came into play in most battles. And you have to employ the strategic menu during battles or you will fail.Which is where combat was annoying. Most of the difficult battles occure immediately after a long cutscene which means if you die (and you very likely will again, and again, and again) you have to go through the cutscene (again and again and again). You can skip by pressing Esc repeatedly, but it's just incredibly frustrating. Also, the battles aren't very well balanced. I breezed through most of the game on easy so that I could enjoy the story, but then cam across maybe 3 battles that took me forever to get through. I almost just quit the game and gave up it was that frustrating.Anyway, voice acting was good and engaging but the script seemed quite stilted at points. The characters swore a lot, which I don't mind, it just seemed overdone to me and came across as the writers using swear words more as a publicity stunt rather than for dramatic emphasis. Maybe that's just me.The storyline and characters were great. Kept me interested for the duration of the game and I really enjoyed watching how the main two characters developed and got to know eachother as the game progressed.AI was a little messed up (which was also frustrating). If you ever leave one of the characters to do their own thing for a bit during combat, they are bound to do something stupid, like target the guy furthest away so they run past every other enemy and get killed on the way. Or sometimes they'll just stand there and you can't tell why. You've given them commands to carry out, you're pretty sure they haven't been stunned, but they're not responding to anything.Also, the still warm corspe of a soliders friend is apparently an everyday sight, cause they won't do anything about it. You can kill 10 people and then watch a patrol just walk over their bodies and go on their way without raising an alarm or even breaking stride. Not a game breaker, but weird for a modern game. It does make stealth assassinations a piece of cake.My recommendation. Play it on easy just for the sake of the story, otherwise the long hallways, frustrating battles and inconsistent AI aren't worth the effort."
,Recommended,216910,12177585,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Vidia Vitami,"Unsure about a purchase of this game?Into the whole concept of greenies vs hoomuns?Appreciate the gritty details of Orc behavior, the underworkings of a city and want to experience the struggle of an Orc (and goblin) on a MISSION?Play it.You see that trailer video? Pretty much sums it up. See those screen shots? The graphics are pretty dang awesome. Wanna get in on the story before playing the game Styx: Master of Shadows?DO IT!Strategy based game, you can slow time (not stop it) to allow yourself more control during combat. Or you could play real time (though not always recommended) to go hack and slash on them enemy butts.STILL Apprehensive? Check out streams, youtube videos, ask friends. I've given you all I can. This game is underrated for what it has to offer. Show it some love."
,Recommended,216910,12395310,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Scrivener,"The story is tight, well paced (for the most part), and interesting: I've killed thousands of orcs and goblins over the years, and so it was fun to play as two of the ""bad guys"" on a mission to kill the human emperor.  The main characters are well written (despite the unnecessary profanity) and their reluctant team dynamic is fun.  The gameplay is the best part: building out both characters into the rolls I chose for them (it's clear there are several viable combinations of builds) was satisfying.  Neither character can succeed on its own so designing and implementing a team strategy was rewarding, and the challenge on normal was just right.  Each encounter felt like a discrete combat puzzle, and so I didn't mind that the levels were, almost without exception, linear pathways from one encounter to the next because I looked forward to the next encounter.  The graphics do the job: sometimes pretty, sometimes ugly, usually just fine.  The music is sparse, but has character.  The supporting cast is, for the most part, poorly acted, which is the only truly disappointing aspect of the game.In sum, if you want a combat focused RPG with two likable characters and an interesting story, and can excuse the small budget presentation, this game is definitely worth the 12-15 hours it takes to finish."
76561198046834409,Not Recommended,216910,18319645,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Grope it Guttus,"Garbage mechanics, unblieveably stupid A.I. Total waste of money."
,Not Recommended,216910,18230993,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,B4st13n,Nul
76561197968226660,Recommended,216910,34877272,Posted: 10 September,all,Abados,Good story.  Fun to play.
76561197970768103,Not Recommended,216910,12476920,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,lawrence,"Terrible fight controls on the PC (may be its better on console). I thought that this might be an improvement on the Dragon age fight controls but it allows you even less control. DA actually looks a lot better after playing this for a while.The game is boxy, everything is like walking through a dungeon, constantly walking through predefiend paths, to allow the story to clamber on, you cannot go over objects, hide behind things properly or use stealth in any meaningful way. No Climbing, no crouching, and to get at targets you have to throw the goblin at them. The targetting is pretty automatic so its a bit like being a monkey pressing the button until you starve to death.I got it on special but even so I'm not impressed!"
76561197972567161,Not Recommended,216910,12456861,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Thompson,"I can't recommend this game, which is a shame, because the concept is excellent. I was compelled to buy Of Orcs & Men by the idea of your typical fantasy setting being inverted to the point where the orcs are the heroes and the humans are the barbaric oppressors/invaders. Unfortunately, the game tries WAY too hard to be funny, edgy, and gritty when all it really needed to do was be epic in the literal sense. I don't typically mind profanity, but the dialogue is so frought with cursing, sexual innuendo, and poor attempts at wit that it alternates between feeling forced and being downright juvenile. When it isn't being juvenile, the game is constantly going out of its way to remind you that this is the F--king GRIMDARK, and everything sucks. The humans are EVIL, man. The orcs are BADASS, dude. Essentially, everything in this game seems to be a charicature with little in the way of depth. This is extremely unfortunate given the incredible potential of the setting.Less than an hour in, and I just can't play anymore. I really want to like this game, but I've seen enough. I might be willing to soldier on and hope that the dialogue and plot/character development improve, but the controls and gameplay also leave quite a bit to be desired. At the end of the day, this game just wasn't for me. There may be someone out there that would enjoy Of Orcs & Men...but I can't imagine them being older than twelve."
76561198056001374,Not Recommended,216910,12475099,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Deep Life,I really tried to get in to this game but the gameplay just kept pushing me away. The combat system really ruined it for me.
76561198085961803,Not Recommended,216910,13703393,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nyphrodel,"I've tried to play this game on several different occasions and I just CAN'T get behind these controls! In my opinion, this was the wierdest control scheme in a game; EVER! Secondly, I never felt like I was in control of my character. You assign something for them to do, then they do it; while you wait and watch. Well, it's pretty quick, but you still don't feel in control. It's almost turn-based but not quite, almost real-time but not quite...I wish it would make up it's mind, because whatever it is; it doesn't work. That is to say, for ME it doesn't work. So, in truth, I cannot recommend this game. I picked it up on sale, so I didn't lose much, but that's not the point. I really, REALLY wanted to play this and enjoy it. I thought it was a great story idea, great concept. Good visuals too, but at the end of the day, it doesn't matter how good it looks if it's not fun to play. So, no. don't waste your time OR money, it's just not worth it."
76561198044709703,Not Recommended,216910,14371623,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Deadeyes the Clown,"I like the concept and the storyline but the combat mechanics just make this game a real pain to play. I find myself not struggling with the strategy of how to take down the enemies but with getting the combat mechanics to work as I want them to when the fight begins. This struggle completely overtakes the enjoyment of the game unfortunetely. Bad controls are one of the most frustrating things in games, and for that reason I can't reccommend it."
,Not Recommended,216910,545555,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Such Spooky Flame,"This is one of those games that you wish wasn't as bad as turned out to be.The game is a Pause Tactical RPG like Dragon Age Origins, only with obnoxious controls.They combined two characters who have independant styles of gameplay. A rogue, who is good at stealthing and assassination with a lumbering warrior who caves faces in loudly. Imagine playing Mark of the Ninja with a Giant Fire Breathing Dragon following him wherever he goes.If this game had been an Action RPG with the characters having their own separate stories, it would have been fantastic. This game was wasted potential."
76561198023545422,Not Recommended,216910,17633334,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Edhinor,"Awful, awful combat system, too long cutscenes and dialogue... total railroad.... why did I ever buy this?"
76561198043377842,Not Recommended,216910,16786706,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Sonlite4laif,Graphics are goodControls are good when moving.The combat system is the worst combat system i have ever encountered. Since you are going to do this a lot you are going to get tired of playing than trying to follow the borring story.
,Not Recommended,216910,13686883,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Inflamous,"I am someone who can look past underwhelming gameplay for a good story. Sadly, this story is as boring as the game's repetetive combat and tiresome level design.It was a nice idea, but it could have been done better."
,Not Recommended,216910,11610326,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zi_m,Guys done wase money on this piece of not finished work.. I regret that I spend my money.
76561197978181938,Not Recommended,216910,12368668,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,76561197978181938,"While it does look nice and has decent voice acting, the camera often gets in the way. The core gameplay is battle heavy,  and relies on you selecting skills to use in a Baldur's Gate/Dragon Age kind of way, which is awkward since the rest of the game sets it up to be a third-person beat 'em up. Since you have to pick every skill by hand (or set up to 9 to a hotkey), each battle wears on your nerves. On harder difficulties, it's not clear what tactic to use against who, basically making you use all of the skills and hope something sticks. Of Orcs and Men tries, but doesn't quite get its main aspects right. And that makes it quite a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,216910,12432279,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Natoleon,"Controls are clunky, voice acting is weird (high voice with a lisp for an 800 lb orc in the first five minutes?), the controls are clunky, the actual gameplay isn't fun, the animation is slipshod.Which is all a shame, because the concept and atmosphere are very compelling. The trailer was the best thing about this game."
,Not Recommended,216910,8086549,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Shroomhead,"I was very disappointed how boring gameplay goes in this game. Behind the storyline which are making this game brighter and even making you laught sometimes, you would find a lot of routine interactions and fights. Sad, but truth - game is worth maximum 50% of it's real price here."
76561198048649198,Recommended,216910,7803761,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ghostx16,1. Stunning graphics.2. Uninteresting.3. Put me off after 2 hours of playing.
76561198062951886,Not Recommended,216910,11212654,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,aimlessalloy996,Thisgame sucks so much♥♥♥♥♥its not even funny
,Not Recommended,216910,12211791,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,MoAmmo,The game has a poorly structured campaign; delivery of the story lacks impact; and the combat requires polish. Beyond the lush graphics the game is disappointing - mostly because it could have been greatly improved with a few more months of work.
,Not Recommended,216910,314709,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,TorQue[MoD],"I really loved the premise of this game but now that I've bought it I can say it was NOT worth it. I've really been trying to give this game a chance so I've played it for the last 3 days, but there's really nothing here to recommend. The gameplay is boring and you feel like you barely have control of your characters during combat. The story is bland and the writing is immature with the author throwing in swearing in a poor attempt to make it a ""mature"" story and the animations that go along with the dialogue often keep playing for several seconds after the characters have finished talking. On top of all of this, the level design is linear in the worst way with your characters barely able to move even a few inches off the designated path.I know the game didn't get great reviews, but I'm amazed it scored as high as it did as I'd only give it a 55% score."
76561198029143949,Not Recommended,216910,9109382,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Skywalker117,"At first you think it's a basic RPG, with leveling, party members, and an engaging storyline. Ehhh... not really.The game looks good. The lighting, effects, models, everything graphics wise looks good. The sounds and music are well put together. The plot isn't all that bad either. Fantasy creatures (orcs) are being hunted down by humans. Nothing completely original, but it's interesting. The combat system, while annoying at times, isn't really all that bad. It plays like KotOR did, where you select abilities and watch it play through, stopping to add more in the queue.But RPG's are all about the story. You want to know more about the characters and the world they live in. This game rushes through all that. Every now and again they give you a pretty good scene, but it is still bogged down in all the pointless stuff from before. It had something, but it just couldn't deliver on where it counted."
76561198037606783,Not Recommended,216910,9095842,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,AgentBranflakes,"Poorly designed. This game treats you like a lumbering oaf instead of a seasoned warrior. It grabs your ear, forcefeeds lackluster cutscenes filled with bad writing and voice acting to you, is overly filled with exposition, and the pacing is just way off.  It tries to redeem itself with dialogue choices, but I remain unimpressed. All the levels are just funnels to the next mob group. I had high hopes for this game, but it failed to deliver."
76561198074707919,Not Recommended,216910,9091848,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,itayamir1,Worst battle system ever..NOT RECOMMANDED!!
76561197993459924,Recommended,216910,34006207,Posted: 3 August,all,Dobert,"I like it when the orc and the goblin fight, good game i'd recommend and playing for first time in 2017"
76561198019740580,Recommended,216910,8050884,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Nebi,Very unique rpg game. Def worth a shot!
76561197966666321,Not Recommended,216910,12439752,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Velox,"Ugh. I had high hopes for this game, but it just wasn't any good. The concept is good, but unforunately the execution is just painful. First, the game is on complete rails, as you will be forced through what are essentially corridors with the ocassional group of enemies to fight. The RPG and gameplay aspects of it are so shallow they barely even matter. And the story is just kind of bleh. I wouldn't recommend it, even on sale."
76561198077192492,Recommended,216910,12357223,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Clauricaune,"Criminally underrated RPG, but then I can't say it's for everyone.What I loved: The story, the setting, the character interaction. It has a very captivating world with a pretty good mythology, and the two main characters are among the most memorable in any recent game I've played. The relationship between Arkhail and Styx feels very genuine —you really get to care about those two.The downside: The combat system is quite a bit loose, the AI is stupid. The combat mechanics consist in pausing, choosing targets, queueing attacks and abilities, and constantly switching between Arkhail and Styx, making sure their actions complement each other. It works for the most part but it's not very refined and you can bump into some pretty frustrating moments as a result. The way certain fights are designed doesn't help too much either, and if you leave the AI to make its own decisions (by only focusing on one character, that is), you'll be screwed most of the time. It's far from being unplayable, but I can see these problems turning off a lot of people.It's a flawed game, but a very charming one. Recommended if you think you can get past the somewhat flimsy combat and you don't mind its linear, basic design."
,Recommended,216910,1488779,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Disabled War Vet-(Mars One),It's a pretty good game with a good story line. The attacks are preset like vats on fall out new vegas. Very good graphics!
76561198033151940,Recommended,216910,4167051,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Dee,"This game really disapointed me.Good looking heroes and story ...... thats allI was expecting some rpg game and there was some elements, but closed tunel game ???Somehow this game doesnt work for me I was expecting diferent gameplay. Even that strategic menu and slowmotion where you picking your strategy (skills ) was cooll and very helping.   5,5/10"
76561197965738542,Recommended,216910,222590,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,SPEEDFLY,"A interesting game with really good grafiks. The Contorls can be difficult but only until you lean them. It's a line plot, but u can those to talk to people Or ""just kill them."" Its a funny and offen just right dialog, in the game. Orc's are not stupit, they just got a rage problem. Goblins on the other hand are dum as doors, exept Styx. A really good and diffrent game. "" Love it. GIV IT 4 of 5 "". (If they make a number 2 and fix all the small errors, and open the plot options a little, it is going to be a 5 of 5)"
76561198006766561,Recommended,216910,12426214,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,-= (✠) *#Ep0k#* (✠) =-,Realy great game. The rpg aspekt flows in a linear campaign that chages by every disjoin the player makes. bye it. the company has potential.
,Not Recommended,216910,8548338,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Reilune,"The voice acting was terrible and the commentary was worse. If you want to bash your head into your monitor and break your headset, this may just be the game for you. Really really horribly written."
,Recommended,216910,482060,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,fx,I love this Spiders studio; different mechanics in all their games
,Not Recommended,216910,12590310,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,?JIMMY?,"A dark fantasy RPG buddymovie with reversed roles, where you play on the side of the greenskins and humans are the bad guys. A game that tries to pick up sensitive topics like racial conflicts. Sadly it fails miserably.What remains is a cool idea executed in the worst way possible. Edgy writing, nonsensical storyarc, HORRENDOUS combat; I did not enjoy my time with this game, and I really wanted to like it. I'm not opposed to a sequel since giving up this universe right away would be a tragedy (and indeed we got a prequel centered around the originstory of one of the main characters) but there's a lot of room for improvement.Good soundtrack though I guess.Main theme for this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJzDrGP8KdE"
,Not Recommended,216910,12443418,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Hildewulf,"This game is terrible. The controls are terrible. The animations are terrible. I love RPG's and can usually find the best in them, but I wasn't able to in this case."
76561198006869826,Not Recommended,216910,12440456,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,SAINT PAULI,"It´s not a horrible game, it had alot of potential, intresting plot and all.. But somehow it lacks in overall delivery, leveling is a bit dull and between chracter balance is not that amazing either.  I gave up with this game, it´s not bad but lacks something special."
,Not Recommended,216910,13581208,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,nivina,"This game should be called Of Orcs, Men, and Unchangeable Key Bindings. I have 0 tollerance for a games that don't even try to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their users. The way in which the user interacts with the game is far more important than the game itself."
,Not Recommended,216910,17889061,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"Some kinds of wired oger fantasy, if you want to see shreks ancestors on steroids then try the game.4/10"
,Not Recommended,216910,17903476,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SIR WOOB DOODLE,why did I buy this.
,Recommended,216910,9051425,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Aendyr,.
76561197971872842,Not Recommended,216910,17113071,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Riph,"Of Orcs and Men is, at its core, a tactical RPG about the interesting symbiosis between a rogue and a warrior in a fantasy RPG.  The warrior has a stun attack with a high chance of being dodged.  The rogue has an attack which prevents the target from dodging for 5 seconds.  Put them together and you feel clever!  This gameplay works, and we've seen it work in other games.  For example, the original Dragon Age had the exact same symbiosis between a rogue and a warrior and it worked great there.  However....This is a negative review, but I'll start with the good:+ Very glad to see some variety in story.  The greenskins as protagonists is an interesting angle.  The story itself is mostly good.+ Graphics are decent.+ Combat has enough depth to be interesting, with lots of abilities which synnergize with each other to produce new effects.The bad:- The voice actors sound like they're muddling through lines in a second language.  Worse, it sounds like several of the lines are translated literally from the original french, meaning clever local idioms just become nonsense.- Game was obviously written solely with an xbox controller in mind.  When you reach a hill and have to move your mouse back to look 'up', you have to pull it about three mousepadlengths because the Y coordinate has a different sensativity than the X coordinate.  This cannot be changed in the options.-Combat is a miserable, stumbling affair.  This is the killer.  If you're skimming, read this part.As I mentioned above, the whole game is about doing clever things with your rogue and warrior TOGETHER.  So you'd assume that, generally, they target the same enemy, right?  Wrong.  Their autotargetting ALWAYS chooses different enemies, so I'm being totally serious when I say 50% of my game time was simply smashing the Q and E keys paging through interminable lists of targets trying to get them to both hit the same guy.  This would be less of a problem if the click selection works, but it doesn't.  The camera is locked 2 feet from the action, usually staring at a wall, and clicking an enemy is just as likely to select the guy 20 meters behind him as it is to select him.This is a game about combat in which I like everything except the combat.  The combat is awful.  Can not recommend."
,Recommended,216910,12789855,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,FuPlaayz - Twitch,Fun and Cheap !6/10..get it one sale when you don't anything else to play.
,Not Recommended,216910,12634663,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,General Tophat-Curlystache,"so.. very disappointed in this game. I had high hopes for this game, the plot sounded cool and the art style was neat. Sadly, that all fades away in the usual generic gameplay that Spider is notorious for... If you are not familar MOST of their games have a very bland clunky slow combat system.. Think the first Witcher game but worse. Another thing that always confuses me in their games especially this one.. Using modern day sayings and off handed curses in a fantasy setting just seems... odd to me. The writing is meh and the combat is blah, I bought this game part of a RPG Bundle and I'm very sad to say that everything in that bundle was pretty bland and I regret spending any money on any of their games. I'd stay away."
,Not Recommended,216910,12532235,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Bosh,It's probably not that bad but it just starts off so unbelievably slow that I just cannot be bothered with it.also teh orks say swears lel
,Recommended,216910,20749625,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Abathur,Good story and plot. Only down side is that the game controls are a bit tricky and undesirable.
76561198005465280,Not Recommended,216910,31363383,Posted: 25 April,all,LetumBlade,Did not enjoy it mechanics or game play.  Not worth any amount in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,216910,7790763,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TheAwesomeGingerGuy,"WARNING: *THIS IS NOT A REVIEW FROM SOMEONE WHO HAS COMPLETED THE GAME*This is one of the worst games I have played. ""Then why the hell did you buy it?"", you ask. Well I fell for the old, ""edited screen shots and cinematic only trailers"" gag. The game looks awful when actually being played, and the story is no where near as interessting as you may think. Although I have only played fifty minutes of the game; it has already bored me to hell, back and then back to hell again, from which I have not returned.The combat is what lets this game fall to the bottom of my pile. The stacked movement system consists of: defence and attack moves. The combat is worse than Kirby's combat, and Kirby doesn't have a damned combat system.To conclude this short review/rant, do not buy this game!"
,Not Recommended,216910,12808983,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Putifari,"Might be an average-good as a cgi fantasy movie, since as a game it went horrible right after the actual gameplay started."
76561198037834509,Not Recommended,216910,12727093,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Old Timer,"The graphics and the story are fine.  The combat system is ok, but a little limited. There were two bigger drawbacks for me.  The character advancement is a little too basic.  You pick up new skills, but don't get to do any customization.  The story is too linear.  I personally prefer a little more of an open world where I can make decisions on what I want to do. Lastly the foul language is overdone.  I don't need to hear the F word 50 times to enjoy the story."
,Not Recommended,216910,12917847,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CassU,"This game is a tricky one.Pros:+Very nice storyline (Main reason to buy this game)+Two nice skilltrees+Decent graphics+Nice sounds+No bugsCons:-GameplayI open the gameplay problem a bit.Think about classic RTS where you look on your characters from the sky, pause the game, give orders and watch the fun from the above. Goood.Now, in Of Orcs and Men you do the same. The problem is that you play in over-the-shoulder view and you control characters with WASD. It gives you the feeling that you should be able to do some real-time fighting.The fact that your characters can't really do anything on their own, means you have to control all of their moves using slow-motion, in order to survive. So you can't really do real-time fighting.That's biggest thing that bugged me throught the whole game and it made the gameplay not-so-enjoyable.."
76561198026892903,Recommended,216910,33553166,Posted: 15 July,all,Bijat,Great rpg..i know alot did not like the combat..but i did..when u find a good build its fun pwning evrything
,Not Recommended,216910,32962225,Posted: 28 June,all,a man's man's man,"Decent combat, but the ♥♥♥♥♥iest diolague you will ever here where they just throw curse words in just for the fricken hoot of it. Just sounds wierd"
76561197980241343,Recommended,216910,24242072,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FloopyGapples,Do it...
76561197982844462,Not Recommended,216910,17906304,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,brassi77,"Not allowed to rebind keyboard controls.  ♥♥♥♥ these savages.  I am civilized and only play with KB+M, because controllers are for the monkeys on consoles.  An extrememly basic need of any game released for civilized people on the PC is full KB+M support including keybinds.  ♥♥♥♥ controllers and ♥♥♥♥ consoles and ♥♥♥♥ people who play PC games with a controller like a ♥♥♥♥ing monkey piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,216910,26224233,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kaden.heaton,Combat is very poorly design and the characters in this game swear like sailors. I dunno i was super excited for this game but... meh.
76561198005303643,Not Recommended,216910,34863793,Posted: 10 September,all,Oji,Wasnt worth it even at 80% discount.
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,216910,34846855,Posted: 9 September,all,mythmaker,Wow... nothing but a semi-interactive cut scene. This is NOT a game by any definition. I don't really know what the hell this is.
76561198053126199,Not Recommended,216910,28350497,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Yuri,"Arkail is such a prick, I was with Styx, all the time saying wtf. the entirety of game is kind of lame and I think Arkail really needed some purging. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,216910,30330841,Posted: 4 March,all,xsmasher,"PAINFULLY bad dialogue, awkward combat, and can't go two minutes without a cutscene. I'm goving up now, in the first hour, and starting Mars: War Logs instead."
76561197969699702,Not Recommended,216910,24276123,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,DaiShan011,"This game is only meant to be played with a controller, not a mouse and keyboard. If I wanted to play a controller game on I'd play on my Xbox One or PS4 not my PC. Game is basically unplayable without a controller, the controls are horrific."
76561198017935710,Not Recommended,216910,25415647,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,your mommy,controls ruin the game   -> refund
,Recommended,216910,17083917,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,tiffanybracken,It's a decent game. I recommend only getting it when it's on sale though.Things I liked:Decent graphicsNot a bad storylineNon-complex combatNever got lost & simple mapEasy to pick up controls again after long absenceSome dialogue choicesStyx is the bombDisliked:Same animations used over and overLip sync with voices are badExplicit language seems out of place at times
,Recommended,216910,17478728,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,]TPG[Anonymous,"It's a fun game, it has its issues (needing to build your characters a certain spec to be able to beat a boss), but all in all a decent game for the price being asked."
76561198117217891,Recommended,216910,17483799,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Styx,"Pros,Story, Graphic, unique combat systemCons,I can not reset talent after I learn them ... so u must restart the game or load an old saved gameOverall,I really Enjoyed the game"
,Not Recommended,216910,17941536,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,RUN_H,De controls of the characters frustrated me like hell. i did not even played out the first level because of it. I got the game deleted qiuckly. Wast of my 7 bucks.
,Recommended,216910,17957363,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,DeckardSix,"Very good story, great dialogues... If you are looking into an open world, grind and kill type of game just move on this is not a game for you.In the other hand, if you enjoy the story based gamed with fights in between scenes this is for you. This feels more like a long movie where you actually do the fights without spending 2H on a horse going between towns to get the next clue."
76561197960699417,Recommended,216910,18005848,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Paddy-o-,"Enjoyed the story and the characters!Look at it as a VERY simple version of Dagon Age and other games.Very limited freedom and limited dialogue options to choose from. Very simple combat, but still overall fun!I played ""Styx"" before this and it almost doesn't tie into its sequel, but well... it still fits together. ;)"
,Recommended,216910,17976631,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ragnaman,"Not bad, but get it on sale.+ 2 very colourful characters (near the top tiers, generates feels);+ Good voice acting and script;+ Music was alright;- Level design is a tunnel that connects point A to B;- Combat is plain annoying;Overall the game is worth to play through before you play Styx (it has this one thing that explains his origins). It feels as if ALL of the budget was spent to polish the 2 protagonists, starting from their textures down to the voice acting. Not much was left for anything else it seems. I am seriously sad that such a great duo of personalities were wasted on such a mediocre game design. Whatever RP elements there are such as levels and items - its all there just so that you could slap an RPG tag on it and min-max your stat, if you like that sort of thing. Personally I chose whichever has the dankest textures.This ""game"" would have more value if it were a movie, seriously.Play it on easy or something and pump your band of 2 with offensive abilities and have fun."
76561198010800766,Recommended,216910,17760168,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Trixt,72%
,Recommended,216910,17553785,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Dronin,Summary: Worth playing but only if picked up in the sale - some fundamental issues with combat gameplay are present and will annoy players even at the lowest difficulty level.Pros+ Looks pretty good for a 2012 game+ Runs smoothly (good port)+ Controller or Mouse/Keyboard work+ Some interesting plot twists+ Interesting premise+ Voice acting for Styx and Arkail is strong+ Length feels about right+ Rage mechanic is different and something new to meNegatives- Repetitive combat- Combat is unintersting - on higher difficulty levels you use the same conition abilities over and over hoping for stuns etc- Few Gear/Item choices and feels like an after thought (i wore one set of armour on Arkail from chapter 1 until completion)- Camera angle/control is terrible- Overuse of the same faces on NPC after NPC- At time of writing £19.99 is a little on the expensive side- Arkails constant roaring and styx giggle in every cut scene.....
,Recommended,216910,17948549,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Aluerris/Vonkriegor,"Bought it this morning, finished just now, and I gotta say I had a BLAST playing this!The art-style, the scenery the atmosphere, voice acting and the story itself were PERFECT!The combat system had a few kinks and exploits, but nothing gamebreaking, and not so horrible that it makes the game unbearable.If you got the money and its on sale, grab it. Hell grab it even when its not on sale, if you dont like the combat just push through for the story, the dialogue is amazing.A big 9/10 because of the combat system, else it would've been a 10/10."
,Recommended,216910,13609882,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mister Awesomesauce,"When you first start this game up it will be hard to get past the odd controls (keyboard and mouse, i didn't use a controller) and after playing some of this developers other games it was a challenge to go forward.  But it turns out that this was actually an enjoyable action title with an interesting enough story.  It doesn't have the depth of many other titles in the genre and is pretty linear in nature.  The stealth is fun but limited to a single take down type.  Combat can be frustrating at first due to an unfamiliar mechanic/style but it gets manageable as time goes on.  The game starts out a bit rough until you can get a few key skills for Ark so that he can properly tank, but after that it becomes a cake walk.  Not the greatest but certainly worth a play through.  Especially if you pick it up on sale. I sat down for a few hours in a single day and beat it start to finish."
,Recommended,216910,13864850,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Wombat,Fun game even if it has some rough edges.  Story is a fun flip on the typical dark fantasy setting.  Make sure you get used to swapping between the two characters often during a fight otherwise you will have a much harder time.  I also recommend playing Styx: Master of Shadows first for more story.
76561198048735073,Recommended,216910,5373551,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,OffsEagle,"Jogo singleplayer cooperativo entre personagens com uma jogabilidade com fluidez muito boa, muito massa jogar com um Orc e um Goblin e a história bastante envolvente."
76561198005444322,Recommended,216910,14260812,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SilentDan,"This game really needs a 'meh' option for the review.Good story.  You are the traditional bad guys in a world where the orcs are actually well spoken individuals.  Characters are quite good.  Constant profanity.  Cutscenes go on forever.Gameplay is a letdown.  You spend the entire game walking through narrow tunnels/trenches/hallways.  Every now and then you find a open area with a few enemies in it.  Arkail takes the aggro, Styx finishes them off.  Styx can be used to stealth kill a few enemies before the battle begins.  Only in the final, very short chapters does the level design open up to show some very nice artwork, but still you walk along a very narrow path."
76561198036054766,Recommended,216910,14018574,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,PieBOT,"Bloody good, sure its janky and has its issues but there is something about the world that i found immersive. I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,216910,15657008,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Dueling Banjos,"I really enjoyed this game. I like the fighting mechanics of the game and the challenges it puts on you. I only feelt that the game lacked a bit of polish in two places, and I will try not to spoil the game, but when I was solo, naked in a cave and at the very end of the game.I liked the lore and gameplay so if you like games like Dragon age 1 and similar games I would advice you to get this game. May not be worth the 30£ they are pricing it at right now, but be sure to pick it up on a discount weekend. I played and completed the game at the hardest setting so it can be done."
,Recommended,216910,3450533,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,SpartanBW,Sort of like Dragon age origins but way better your an orc trying to kill the human emperor its fantastic.
76561198003570750,Recommended,216910,15557323,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Deadlock,"I'm not sure why I did not try this game before, it has been in my library for quite a while but I never got myself to play it. So far, I'm pretty entertained by this medieval fantasy RPG where you get to play the role of the greenskins for once.+ Combat is fun, although a little clunky and repetitive. I actually found myself using most of the combat skills, but some more than others. It usually burns down to Styx trying to keep the big nasties stunned and carving the squishies up while Arkail crushes everything else.+ The music is nice.+ The characters are pretty ok, although a little cheesy and they try to be edgy a little too often.+ Graphics are somewhat dated, but overall the game looks pretty nice.- Stealth adds a little bit of variation to the missions, but the AI is just too stupid to make it feel awesome (guards blindly walk past corpses, you can easily slice a guard's throat while his buddy is just a few meters away).- Linear maps, even encountered some invisible walls, no need for exploring at all. The scenery is all pretty static, the rooms feel empty and lifeless.- Missions are pretty linear as well. Most of them are like this: cutscene, walk a bit, cutscene, assassinate as many enemies without getting detected, stab the strongest enemy, regular fight, cutscene, repeat.- Rage mode can pretty annoying at times, not only because Styx will get his head bashed in if he stands too close, but when the is finally over, Arkail just stands around like he's stunned for 5 seconds. This caused me to die multiple times, in most situations the fight was pretty close as well..That seems like a lot of criticism, but still I kept playing. Why? I'm not sure.. I guess it's just a lot fun to bash the Inquisition's heads in as this big angry Hulk-like orc. I'm not a fan of party based RPGs, but switching between Styx and Arkail in combat, pausing the game and assigning orders works really well for this game. It does not feel like a chore, but it isn't increbily innovative either."
76561198079058194,Recommended,216910,14304455,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Faithful Steed,"Awesome game! Voice acting from side characters is pretty bad. Good combat mechanics. I have a bias since anything that involves elves, dwarves, and orcs usually gets a big plus in my opinion."
,Recommended,216910,14535938,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Rae,"Overall, I think this game is worth playing, more for the story than the gameplay. If you're no huge orc fan (I'm not) grab it on a sale at £10 (50%) or so, if you're an orc lover, the full £20 is probably worth it to you.Good:Story is pretty good and well told, even though it's not particularly original.The main characters and more important side characters are well voiced.The graphics in the environment are good, the main characters are very good (Aside some nasty clipping on cloth)It's relatively long for a linear game, I didn't mess around too much and ended up clocking about 13 hours (Including deaths and retries, probably 10 hours)The main characters themselves are very good. They interact frequently, they have a pretty well told backstory and a few surprises to discover later in the game. There are a good few funny moments too. (Of the dark humour kind)The way shopping works is pretty neat. Instead of cash, anything you own has a certain value in barter points (Very few, like, 3 or 4 for a good chest piece) and each thing can be upgraded a single time. You can sell for the points and keep them like you would cash, but you won't earn any. (you can find a few in chests through the game)The music isn't particularly energetic or ringtone-memorable, but it fits the situation very well the entire time. Personally I liked it a lot.Neutral:The game is very linear. You get some choices here and there but they don't make all that much difference. There are some decent sidequests.The rpg elements are ok, but you'll end up just dumping most of the points into 2 stats for each character and using two or three skills on each. You get to upgrade each skill once, with 2 choices for each, which is decent.Bad:The combat seems like a good idea but ends up being pretty boring and annoyingly difficult. I ended up dropping it to easy at about the halfway point because it just became boring and you die ridiculously easily, though it has to be said it can feel rather cool to have ark tank everyone while styx deals with the rest one by one in order of threat. (tip, take out the rangers first, they won't target ark often, they stay out of range of his taunt)The stealth mechanics are too easily foiled by dogs simply detecting you, and at other times you can kill enemies who literally look around in your direction, but don't see you unless they move to completely face you.The general enemies and less important characters look pretty bad. Humans particularly."
76561198068507938,Recommended,216910,15884288,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Hexas,"This game is a little ruff around the edges however after an hour into it I started to get more and more intrigued. The story turned out to be decent and creative, The game play is something to the effect of dragon age. I found the graphics to be a little unpolished but it grows on ya.The ending was epic IMO. I give this game 7 / 10."
76561198013594187,Recommended,216910,2852780,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Straychild,really nice game
,Recommended,216910,13817832,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,TJester,Nice!
,Recommended,216910,13747964,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dahamuran,I was pleasantly surprised by this game.  By today's standards the textures/graphics are pretty poor and quite a bit of the voice acting leaves a lot to be desired but in the end the game won me over.I enjoyed the relationship between the two main characters and liked the challenging combat system that reminded me of KOTOR.  The story was prety basic and usually on rails but sometimes I don't want an open world as those can tend to be exhausting.If its on sale definitely give it a go for an alternative take on the regular fantasy genre.  I'm excited to give the Styx game a try now.
76561197975803960,Recommended,216910,13771269,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Malkavian,Wow! This was a great game. The story telling was really well done with a nice mix of cut scene and plenty of fights. The banter between Styx and Arkail kept me entertained throught the whole game. The story has a lot of grit and foul language which seemed fitting. The combat mechanics were fun and allowed you to be creative in how you defeated your enemies in combat. I look forward to playing through the next adventure with Styx and Arkail.
76561198075460987,Recommended,216910,15366417,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Spavioli,Absaloutly fantastic A little short but truely enjoyable dialouge. It feels alittle retro playing nowadays and very linear however has a great story line that I truely enjoyed. I highly recomend getting this if it's on sale not 100% on paying 30 but will surely help you spend a day or two.
76561198014234846,Recommended,216910,2896074,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,FusionSteak,"Great story line, takes a bit to get used to the combat but fun after that!"
,Recommended,216910,2299702,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,PidgeonLicker,a very good game well made and with good voice acting and audio. the combat is different for my typical action game but not unplesent it makes you think about what your doing before you enter a fight and gives you a greater deapth into control of the fight
,Recommended,216910,32396,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Jupiter,"This game is definitely underrated, i loved it."
,Recommended,216910,25497682,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,The kipper man,"Suprisingly good! i picked this up cheap on a sale. it starts off a bit slow, Being for years old the cinematics are very dated and as are the graphics in places. After the first half hour however it shows its true colours. Really interesting two chracter combat mechanics, whith just enough RPG for me to feel i could style my warriors the way i wanted. The story wont win awards but the protagonists are solid and likable, and the villain is interesting enough. Felt a little rushed towards the end, and some horrible checkpoints in the last chapter, making you re-watch loads of dialogue before attmpting te same battle.7/10 - really enjoyable but could have done with a little more TLC"
,Recommended,216910,25491469,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kommissar,Nice rpg with good story.
76561198020979648,Recommended,216910,25466773,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Strange Quark,"Very good game. Disregard the time played on Steam. I played it through on Xbox 360 last year and liked it a lot. Good concept, good dialogues, good music and voice acting, good story and of course good battles with a pause button more or less like it was in the first Witcher.I definitely recommend it, especially for such price. Just don’t expect too much from it, it’s not an AAA+ project, it is not complex like many other similar games, the maps are small and progression is quite linear, but it is still a good solid game."
,Recommended,216910,25468153,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Blue,"Very well done. A lore rich world with a very beleivable story if you follow history.The game gives you the option to be a brash and blood thirtsy as you please, or stealthy and calculated if that is your aim. A unique skill tree that taylors to your playstyle and rewards you with sidequests. At no time will you feel like someone is giving an exposition dump.I also endorse their prequel 'Styx', cause lets be honest, he is an amazing character in this game.Overall this game is well worth it."
,Recommended,216910,25463335,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gondola Gause,"What you're in for is an RPG with more or less rudimentary character development, for most of the game, somewhat shallow characters, way too few items to justify the fuss they make about upgrading, really bad menus and rather unsatisfying combat.The levels are linear, mostly, and with few options. The guards are often placed in a manner that you can almost see the numbers above their heads telling you the order in which to kill them.The difficulty is a rollercoaster, most of the times, you can mash through,and in between you will get encounters that are next to impossible and often only work because of bugs, like the bad pathfinding, or cheesing the AI.But in the end, if you get it cheap, it's an okay RPG in a setting that should be expanded and hopefully gets, in the following games, that will set you up for the Styx games, and will entertain you. It's got some nicer and some less nice environments, some more and some less logical plot parts, and at least the character development lets you set a bit of a direction and play style.The final stage is too short for characters to really get fleshed out, should have had a bit more to do there, the autosave is sometimes weird and there are too many sequences directly leading into harder fights, but overall,it's a 65/100 (on a real scale, not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""85+ means it's an okay game"" scale for kids and marketing)"
,Recommended,216910,25475724,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,OhioMan,Fun game that has a story that is decent. The controls are a little on the wonky side but still quite playable and graphics are decent as well
76561198007101660,Not Recommended,216910,2422286,"Posted: 14 October, 2012",all,Nerkle,Dont buy this game.. certainly not for 40$... what was I thinking
76561198036088587,Recommended,216910,24817540,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Grommash,Very interesting game with the control of two characters at the same time. Both Styx and Arkail have very unique and well created personalities. Game world and graphics are also great.The only downside of this game is the controls were actually pretty confusing and kinda hard( even for a person like me who is generally pretty good at keybinding and macroing). There is also not enough button configuration for gamepads to hotkey your skills.
76561198007640190,Recommended,216910,22654920,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tzichi,"It has a good feel to it. I don't know how well it may have stood up at the time on release, but it hints at options and a branching story, giving your a few options to keep the story stong and yourself interested. Combat was challenging enough, stealth was basic but then you whip out the big guy and let carnage rip. I would say that the level design wasn't brilliant, a few nooks and crannies that you seemd to get stuck in and rough edges to the tunnels and streets you run down.Its lacking in scope and execution to be a masterpiece but I did enjoy my time playing it and satisfied on completion."
76561198081371819,Recommended,216910,23356089,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"For a lower budget rpg I enjoyed this game. I must say that its almost entirely based on story and the world though. The fighting mechanics of this game are pretty terrible, A lot of battles had me running around in circles reviving and widdling the enemy down one NPC at a time.But as I said the story was interesting, and thats why I play RPG's"
,Recommended,216910,24091485,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Pyrgos,"I was expecting a bit more of this game, especially story wise, but it wasn't disappointing.The combat system was fun enough, but nothing out of the ordinary. Once I got to know the basics of combat, I found the the game very easy to beat by selecting Normal difficulty. If you want a challenge, I would slide it to Hard or Very Hard. You can always change back the difficulty mid-game if you think it's too much.Especially if you do use Hard mode, there may be a problem: the cut scenes are nice, but they will play again if you die, as you can't save during combat. This means that if you have to repeat some combats, you will have to skip through a crapload of cutscenes to get back to the combat again - I am not exaggerating. This is the biggest flaw in the game.Replayability is relatively poor. Overall, I did like the game, and I really like the fantasy world the developpers presented us. I played Styx: Master of Shadows before I went for Of Orcs And Men, and I simply love the goblin Styx, and all his genesis. Arkail was a nice character to follow as well. It tasted good, but in the end I thought it could have been more, and better.Recommended on sale."
,Recommended,216910,27552852,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jenova,Best game soundtracks of all time
76561197979061816,Recommended,216910,810465,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Scrooloose,"There are many mechanics that are left to be desired and there are several situations in the story line that make you wonder why the devs didn't make it a playable part of the game. That said though this game is a lot better than it gets credit for.Voice acting isn't the best ever but it's certainly passable. The main characters seem to actually have a team style relationship, which is good since you play both characters throughout the story. Level design isn't amazing, there are a lot of nooks and areas that look like they should be 100% accessible but aren't. But it's also not the worst I've seen.The game employs a stealth mechanic but there's not a way to stealth through an entire area as you play both characters at once and only one character can stealth. That doesn't mean it doesn't have it's place, it's still very useful.Overall the RPG mechanics are pretty solid. Both characters get attribute points when they level up as well as a new skill to learn or upgrade. And both characters skills play off eachothers strengths and weknesses quite well. You'll obtain gear from a few chests and sacks or at a vendor, not from combat. Items are upgradeable, but only once and have different attributes that fit a few different play styles.Combat itself is probably the most dissapointing. You'll have to que up attacks thru a combat menu for each character and watch it take place rather than have direct control yourself. But really as the game progresses the combat mechanics have a more tactical feeling and it starts to become more natural.You'll get some choices to pick through in dialogue menus, but there's only a couple that actually have any real affect in the game.I liked my playthrough of this game. The story is kind of fresh feeling, if a bit predictable at times. Gives a feeling of many intelligent species and races, rather than the typical feeling of orcs and goblins being mindless violent beings.This game is worth playing, I may even play through again some time."
76561198004702221,Recommended,216910,16520086,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Gromlig,"Finally. A story of an orc, a real anti-hero, a relatable hero. It's refreshing to see a change of story telling; breaking the sterotype of orcs being mindless brutes. Besides this game the only way I have found story for Orcs is DnD. This game isn't perfect but I loved the hell out of it and I want more"
76561198068333240,Recommended,216910,18117141,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Ichirini,"Long story short,the game is worth its money, it has replay potencial due to the different choices you can make.Great story with some plottwists and the music is awesome, getting instant a chill over my back.hoping for a sequel here."
76561197994563865,Recommended,216910,7367217,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,MidgetofDoom,Was this the greatest game ever? No but it has a good story and was fun. I really enjoyed the game and would play a sequel in a heartbeat.
,Recommended,216910,22542934,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,poxtops,"""Yeah, it's not easy bein' a greenskin on this ♥♥♥♥ing continent...""You're still the good guy.For a game that uses the word ""F*ck"" roughly once every other line of dialog, it's surprising just how fitting the name is.You play the anti-HeroesBashing Humans to deathArguing amongst yourselvesBurning buildings to the groundBut it's okay, you've said ♥♥♥♥ a lot and you're still the good guy!Though the 10-14-hour story isn't quite as deep as it'd like to be, and the constant treachery of other characters can grow a little exhausting, Of Orcs and Men still manages to provide one of the better role-playing adventure stories I've experienced in a while. With its dark world and characters that seem very human despite their fantastical genus, there should be few people who won't feel satisfied by the plot, as it grows from a story of foolhardy revenge to inspiring rebellion.Pro's!+ Beautiful Soundtrack+ Great Storyline with its twists and turns (although somewhat predictable at times)+ The ability to switch between characters easily, and play to both their strengths or weaknesses+ Honest foul language, no censorship here! Along with a good laugh.+ Stragetic Skill tree (work your characters together, or go for the sole OP skills)+ Was given a prequel due to its success+ More than one way to go about missions/storyline (sneaky way or full on bash mode)Con's!- The battle system can feel sluggish- Linear Path throughout the story- Awkwardly animated and poorly voiced non-main characters"
76561198001081610,Recommended,216910,20816100,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,rigatorigato,"Fantastic game.  Great story and game play as you handle to characters at the same time.  You can see where Styx (game) gets its roots, it has more polish than this game but awesome nonetheless."
76561197994682976,Recommended,216910,20271674,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DC,"I think the game has one of the most original fantasy game scenario and can't wait for the sequel. Although it has some gameplay issues such as outdated graphics and animations, and very linear gameplay, the scenario and cool universe definetely makes it worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,216910,21697730,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tardivex,"Of Orcs and Men is a game with some interesting ideas but ultimatly fails in a whole lot more areas than it actually succeeds, which seems to be a common theme with this developer as I'm playing through their games... Anyways let's get to it shall we?CombatI've had to rewrite this section actually because originally I had a big rant about the combat here but it took way too many characters and didn't leave much room for the other stuff in this review, you can stillread it if you're interested though, anyways here's the short and to the point versionThe combat is pretty bad, and playing on harder difficulties only makes it worse, you control 2 characters, a big warrior orc and a small rogue goblin, they both have unique abilites that you select from a weird wheel which slows time when it pops up as you press the space key, suffice to say it's quite clunky because the game doesn't know if it wants to be turn based or real time and it's just this really weird ""strategic"" combat as a resultIt's a very clunky system that feels unpolished, you can't dodge / block damage in a straightforward way, it's all up to some stats and RNG, same for your enemies blocking / countering / dodging and the stupid rage mechanic for your big orc character (I go into more detail about that on the longer version) and you're always overwhelmed in numbers which limit a lot your options since only a few skills can be upgraded to be uninterruptable because the enemies interrupt most of your other attacks by hitting youA lot of encounters devolved into me using the goblin character running around in circles to avoid enemies to revive the big orc, getting 1-2 hits with him, dying and getting revived again over and over again until everyone was dead, sometimes they got hits on the goblin aswell and if he died it got even worse by the two characters reviving each other all the time and barely getting any hits in to kill the enemies, but you have to play as only 1 character in some sections which can make things even more frustratingYou can also use stealth to 1 hit K.O dudes with your goblin before you get spotted and it's a very useful way of thinning the enemies ranks before you inevitably have to face them in ""real"" combat, but there are a lot of fights triggered by cutscenes or with enemy placement which you can't stealth your way out of so there's thatExplorationSo yeah, safe to say I'm not really happy with the combat at all, it's pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t a lot of times and I haven't been frustrated like this with a game in a long time, the real kicker is that you know what you do for like 90% of the whole game? Just go through straight corridors walking very slowly as a big fat orc (or a small goblin) until you get into slightly bigger rooms with a bunch of dudes in them, kill them all, go through another corridor, get to another slightly bigger room, rinse and repeat until you get to the objective at the end of the map, for the whole game, it seriously takes its toll upon you and the first time I played this game was for around 1-2 hours, but I really thought I've been playing for the whole day, serisouly it felt like an eternity, this game's combat really grinds upon your very soul and the only real exploration is that there's maybe a slightly shorter branching corridor which leads to another big room with lots of dudes in it and some loot, or you get a sidequest from an NPC in one of the hub areas and you go through the exact same formula of going through corridors and then big rooms againStoryThe story while it may seem interesting at times, but it's pretty meh, there's nothing really all that special about it, I think the main thing here is that it's different in a way not many other games explore because you play as Orcs and Goblins which usually are the evil bad guys and all that, but yeah this time around the humans are evil and conquered almost all the orcs and enslaved them, you're in control of an orc named Arkail, a strong elite warrior which is part of the Bloodjaws clan on a crazy suicide mission to kill the human emperor and hopefully make things better for his kin, and also Styx, a goblin rogue type character helping him along the wayThe voice acting is a mixed bag as usual with this developer and the same can be said about the characters, some can be pretty likeable like Styx which is probably one of the reasons he's got his own game which maybe I'll try at some point and then there are your generic villains or the twist which you could see from a mile away near the endBut ultimatly the story is just that, it has a nice / different coat of paint with it's setting, I'll have to admit that's what kept me going but it's pretty average and I didn't feel any real sense of satisfaction after completing it (aside from being free from the horrifying combat maybe) and at no point I really felt invested or cared for any of the characters, the only real fun one is Styx to be quite honest, the others vary on the spectrum from fine to stereotypical trope ""x"" or ""y"" characterYou have some choices but few actually matter, a lot of it it the same whatever you choose with some differences only being like a line of dialogue, the bigger changes / minor consequences are a result of sidequests if you wish to go for thoseConclusionAll in all I'd have to say that while it's different it's a pretty mediocre game, you're doing the same thing for pretty much all of it i.e the ""Exploration"" section from this review and sadly that same thing is just not all that fun to do, maybe the story might intrigue you in some way but I wouldn't hold by breath on it, it's sad to say this because this game did have some cool potential but it just didn't come to fruition, honestly don't bother with this one, but if you REALLY want to give it a go for whatever reason at least do yoruself a favor and wait to pick it up on sale"
76561198025898462,Recommended,216910,21345499,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,fecakovacs,"One of the most underrated games, sure it has some flaws but I found it genuine and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,216910,1193456,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"This game could have been much better.At first I was excited at the sights of a game which focused on the Greenskins as the protagonists rather than the usual bad guys, but after having played through the game I'm kinda stuck in the middle.The game is really story-driven because other than the story it doesn't really perform well on other aspects. Gameplay is very linear aside from a few optional side-quests which really do not matter most of the time. Choices don't really have an impact on the story and parts of the level design would make one wonder why it's even there in the first place. The graphics are alright at best but the combat leaves much to be desired - targeting can be a pain at times and the reset of skills on an enemy's death is rather annoying to say the least.If it wasn't for my love for the Greenskins, I probably wouldn't have bothered with this. The story in itself (which is supposed to be it's strong part) was rather plain and predictable. If anything I would say the best part of this game is it's amazing soundtrack. If I didn't know any better I'd say the combat music is what has driven me to finish the game.All in all.. I guess it can be considered enjoyable if you're really into Greenskins like me. Otherwise I wouldn't bother.. Glad to have picked it up on a sale because it's not worth the full retail price."
,Recommended,216910,20308417,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,5ilvara 💫,"If galore of manliness doesn't bother you, if you don't mind playing very questionable heroes, this game may be one of the most enjoyable A-RPG available out there.I don't feel like recommending it since the testosterone has more or less been a serious turn of by the time I finished it, but since the goal is to write objective reviews, I must say that this is a really great game."
76561198028567670,Not Recommended,216910,20323792,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Blue Ryd3r,"Combat in this game is awful.  Every attack requires a overly long and stilted animation in order to be completed, however every basic enemy attack will interupt your animation and either cause the attack to not be completed OR your characters will be stun locked by several attacks happening in successive order.What passes for healing in this game also requires the overly long animations that result in a net loss of health by the time they are complete so as to render the healing worthless.  Sure you can heal for 50 odd HP but by the time its over you have been beaten on by all your oppenents for 75 worth HP so you have achieved nothing.Every enemy can and will resist your stuns and if you manage to pull one off it lasts for all of half a second meanwhile every other enemy can stun you and those lasts for 3-4 seconds.  3 or 4 seconds of you getting your feces pushed in by overwhelming odds.The final boss is preempted by several minutes of unskippable cut scenes, a couple of tedious fights, more unskippable cutscenes and then finally facing off with him.  Him of the constantly ressing adds and un-interuptable (because he resists 90% of stuns if you can even manage to pull one off with the animations being interupted by the adds mind you) mega heals for himself.  So you die and have to go through the 10 minutes of BS to die to him again."
,Recommended,216910,20475929,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The_Parasite,"The Good:nice enough graphics, pretty easy controls and some cool skills.Going stealth mode with styx and picking of enemies one-by-one,or turning enemies to mush with Arkaïl the orc is pretty fun.The Bad:Linear story without any surprises, VERY linear level design.The Ugly:Unskibable cut-scenes, and multi-instance battles with cut-scenes in-between and unable to save.All in all a decent game, not bad as such, but not great either.Recommendation: Buy it on sale."
76561198018593700,Recommended,216910,20574898,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Heroico,"Great game. Finished it up in Hard Mode. I'll keep it short:The Good:-nice setting-gritty and grim story-innovative gameplay-good voice actingThe bad:-target selection is not precise, had to play with the camera to pick the guy I wanna hit-writing and dialog is unevenThe Weird:-Clunky A.I. (Had to exploit it to pass some fights in hard mode)-If you kill an enemy stealthily, other enemies will not be concerned when they find the dead body"
76561197998889273,Recommended,216910,19828089,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,wander j,"I thoroughly enjoyed Of Orcs and Men. It's basically made up of very basic stealth elements,somewhat tactical combat,quick skill progression and well done cut scenes. It has a pretty interesting story that moves along at a nice clip. If you're looking for something along the lines of Dragon Age but don't want to pour 100 hours into the endeavor Of Orcs and Men will fit the bill."
76561198003189340,Not Recommended,216910,21597135,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Yerggaddasil,"This game has two modes.  Childishly easy... to red eye frustration.  Funny thing is no matter what difficulty you pick you will still hit both of these things in the game.  The story is good, the atmosphere is good, the characters are a little two dimensional but decently flushed out, the game play is and control is decent, level design is very march down the hallway style but whatever.  I just can get over the bad design of some of the encounters.  There really isn't a stratagy other than hope the RNG is with you this time."
,Recommended,216910,21245407,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ClamJamison,"I just beat this game mere moments ago and i have never loved a story so much. If your willing to put up with the bad faces of male humans, the poor lip syncing, and the excesive language; you've got a fanatsic story, great graphics (2012), lovable characters, awesome combat systems, and an addiction. (I have never had to tell myself ""you need to stop, it's been too long"" till now.)If I look at this game realistically it's probably an 8/10. But if I look at this game with how much enjoyment I got out of it its a 9.5/10.So whatever you do; don't listen to the negative reviews from the people who only played this game for 45 minutes and judged it too quickly. They dont know what they're talking about. This game is fantastic. Don't let them fool you.Over use of the F bomb/10"
,Recommended,216910,21856847,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,dj_moyer,"Eh, it's ok.  Not great, but maybe see if you can get it on sale for cheap.This is an adventure RPG.  You follow a linear set path, deal with enemies a few at a time, find some hidden treasures, change and upgrade your armor and weapons, and gain experience points from combat to level up your skills.  The world is a ""fantasy"" setting where the humans have come together and formed an empire after a long war against the Orcs.  Now the emperor is running a campaign of genocide against anything with green skin.  The dwarves and elves have joined him, mostly out of fear for their own people.In this game, you play as two characters.  You can switch control from one to the other on the fly, but whichever one you are NOT controlling will be active with AI control.  The AI is stupid as a bag of rocks, by the way.  The big orc is loud and likes to hit people in the face.  He has a mission:  to save his species from genocide by assassinating the human emperor.  The little goblin is tasked with helping the orc get through the city so he can do the deed.  The little goblin is very sneaky; if he enters stealth mode then the big guy will stop following you and wait until you exit stealth mode before he runs to catch up.  While in stealth mode, many times you can make a fight easier - or avoid a fight completely - by sneaking behind the enemy and assassinating them one at a time.  If a fight does break out because you are witnessed killing a soldier, then you will be alternating control between the two.  You can set a chain of commands for each of them, but they can only remember four commands at once.  Each character has his own upgrade tree, for which you gain points when you level-up.  There is one area that has SHARED commands for both of them, and each character has two fighting styles to upgrade.  The goblin has a path for ranged attacks (dagger toss) and another path for up-close fighting.  The orc has a path for strong but slow attacks, and another for attacks that allow him to also block or parry incoming blows.The graphics are pretty well done.  The music isn't awful, but also not great.  The story is interesting because it is rare that you get to play as a ""bad guy"" but still have it feel like you're doing the right thing.  The combat, in my opinion, is pretty terrible though.  And the path you are allowed to follow is extremely limited.  That does detract from the fun story aspects a bit, so I only give this one a rating of ""Eh, it's ok"" whereas if the combat system had been done a little better I might actually call it a good game.Story:  good stuff.Combat:  terrible, though the stealth assassination style is amusing for a little while.Still worth playing?  Sure, if you can get it for just a few bucks.  Don't shell out big money for this one though.If you try this one and enjoy it, consider another game in the series:  ""Styx: Master of Shadows"" which as of writing this I still have not played."
76561198003015820,Recommended,216910,29077821,Posted: 6 January,all,wamplet,"Awful combat. The story and cutscenes were great, but the combat.... Looks like it was either made by the same company as Mars War Logs or uses the same engine. Here's to hoping Styx: Master of shadows is better. Still, it's definitely worth playing if you get it on sale like i just did."
,Recommended,216910,153360,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Necksus,"To call this a ""Great"" roleplaying game is to underscore the accomplishments of the great party-based action RPG's that came before this.  It achieves much of what made ""Dragon Age: Origins"" and ""Dragon Age II"" so excellent and yet manages to package their familar elements in a highly oversimplified interface (money becomes ""trade points,"" skill trees are mere ""wheels"") and a combat system that beats to death the game's console orientation in the mind of a PC player.  If you absolutely want to hear a clever rendition of Steinbeck, and are willing to run through some frustrating scenes (albeit save scum possible much like Dragon Age) then purchase the game on sale as I did (although the roughly $12 seems appropriate for the graphics quality).  Playing this game, it becomes clear the Cyanide team who built this game could have been used on the Game of Thrones RPG which is as ugly as genocide compared to this..."
76561198090899901,Recommended,216910,29262165,Posted: 14 January,all,ShinraVeteran,"The game is an improvement in every aspect to the previous Rpgs from Cyanide Studios. The combat system is very similar to confrontation and caused me no problems whatsoever. The story revolves around orcs and a goblin called Styx getting involved in various situation where you have to get them out. While I agree it certainly is not story rich, Cyanide has finally found a way to make the one dimensional levels of the game interesting with a story that brings forth some interest. The character Styx is very interesting and he occurs in future titles as well.Overall this is a short Rpg one can enjoy, if you like orcs, goblins and their tradition."
,Recommended,216910,1267576,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,The 3 Kingdoms,very good game with very good graphics
76561198075138125,Recommended,216910,29310622,Posted: 16 January,all,Redeemed,"Love the characters.  Truly memorable and a strong contrast.The combat is actually pretty enjoyable, the real problem is that it is never explained and most people are too impatient to figure it out.  If you treat Arkail as your tank (keep him in defensive mode 90% of the time) and Styx as your glass cannon, you can't go wrong.Worst part of the game is the foul language Styx is constantly spewing.  Do you kiss your mother with those lips?"
76561198047687618,Recommended,216910,29935768,Posted: 14 February,all,SpaceBurrito,Story is intresting but the combat is so ♥♥♥♥ing clunky and hard even on easy mode. Without the right build it can be a nightmare.
76561198055269636,Recommended,216910,31099935,Posted: 12 April,all,Ron,"A really well made game, solid, it appears like an RPG, but indeed it is NOT, it's mostly a fight game with heavy elements of Real Time mechanics, where you'll be able to freeze the scene and assign the desired movements while in the fight.You'll control an Orc and a Goblin who will cooperate and fight together.The story is really well made, the dialogue lines are crude and mature and the goblin is really funny for his macabre sense of humor.If played at Easy difficulty this game could even be interesting and pleasant but, if played at extreme, the max difficulty level, then this game shows his worse aspect, because it becomes almost unplayable, even hostile toward the player.The game starts very cruel and with no mercy for the player, at beginning you'll be forced to fight since the beginning against 5 or more opponents together and you'll not have  any important survival skills that you'll acquire later, so, remain alive, at beginning, is much harder than in  the middle of the game, when you will acquire important survival skills that will make your journey a little better.A game not for everyone but that could give you some satisfactions if you not aim too high.If i should judge the game as if played on extreme only i would probably give a 75% but i will judge it as if played at easy difficulty, soMy Final Score is80/100"
76561198079135322,Recommended,216910,31616886,Posted: 7 May,all,Deathincarnates,Great fun game. If you like STYX you will liek this game. .
,Recommended,216910,31761025,Posted: 14 May,all,Falloutwander,"The combat can be clunky at first but if you let yourself get immersed the story really pulls you in, and it has some great characterization of the two main heroes"
76561198047868578,Recommended,216910,31961189,Posted: 25 May,all,jcbvickers,A pretty good story with interesting characters.  Great soundtrack.
,Not Recommended,216910,29530985,Posted: 27 January,all,BOT Heinrich Kramer,"+ characters animation+ storytelling is the best part of the game+ tactical pause and strategy-based battle+ awesome sound designPlaying the game which shares core idea of games as new cinema was a lot of fun, it feels through great storytelling and well animated real-time rendered cinematics followed by touching music, even somehow satisfying epic battles; at this moment you might forgive frustraiting linearity of gameplay and level design failures..BUT WHAT I CAN'T FORGIVE IS ABSENCE OF LINUX PORT!!SHAME ON YOU FOCUS! Also there are some little moment:- some levels are unfinished if you look closer at level design- missions are too linear, there is only one or two paths for styx- there are mostly no verticality in game, except spots for archers- stealth made ridiculous, also game not allow you been pure stealth- there is no coop, but it just must be in such a game- there are no puzzles, lost opportunity of team work"
76561197964863427,Recommended,216910,34957380,Posted: 14 September,all,Kamamura,"I must say I was pleasantly surprised by this game. It offers relatively fresh adaptation of the popular ""noble savage"" trope, with interesting setting, well written dialogues (although the poor translation hinders it somewhat), ambitious scale and immersive atmosphere.On the other hand, everything else is very crude as if the game was programmed by orcs themselves. The combat is absolute unintuitive mess, the equipment system confusing, the stats are hard to work with, sometimes you don't know what to upgrade before you spend resources to see the resulting stats, and if you build your characters wrong, you can face difficult to unplayable battles later in the game.I recommend the game for the obvious ambition of its creators, for their effort to break the monotony of the standard gaming loop with new elements, and for their attempt to create a memorable gaming experience. They succeeded only partially, but not for the lack of effort."
76561197980156403,Recommended,216910,35030214,Posted: 17 September,all,Csta,"Kind of a half-baked game, but the story and setting are both pretty good. Love the voice-acting and dialogue too. Good music. Overall, a pretty decent game. I love any game starring Styx. And Arkail is a convincing and formidable antihero as well. The gameplay in this game can be a little unbalanced and chaotic (I found myself switching between medium, hard, and extreme a lot just to keep myself at the appropriate challenge level throughout the game), but it's still fun enough to keep you going through the story. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,216910,35510376,Posted: 5 October,all,HumanWreckage,"Of Orcs and Men is a complete game that ran well with no crashes for me.  For me the games cons outweigh the pros and I would not recommend this one.  Things like unskippable cutscenes, unavoidable attacks right after cutscenes, limited gear and skill options, and an unchangeable camera that felt zoomed in way too much.About the only real fun I had was stealth killing with Styxx."
