user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
39478923749721012,Not Recommended,217100,11228320,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Resinox,"This is truly one of the scariest games ever. You play as a guy who wants to escape an asylum and he always has hallucinations about poor graphics, horrible animations, terrible bugs, poor DS ports, lazy cashgrabs. Very terrifying.DEMENTIUM II HDSame♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing new."
,Recommended,217100,8101145,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,AestheticGamer,"Dementium II was a Nintendo DS FPS-Horror game, sequel to Dementium: The Ward. I never played either of them, so I can't say how this compares to the original, but I can say a general opinion on the title, and how it stands on the Steam market.Firstly, you'll have to acknowledge its DS origins to understand some of the design decisions in the game. The combat is somewhat simplistic for a FPS. Enemies do react to being hit in certain spots more than others, but it feels somewhat simplified. The beginning enemies especially are noticeable as you start the game with just a knife, and the first few are pretty simplistic (enemies that just try to approach you and hit you with a melee attack). How you attack, how the enemies react... It all has a very handheld feel to it, combined that most objects in the environment have simple geometry and some of the textures are kind of low. Not a terrible looking game, but it does look a bit dated. The graphics have been completely reworked for the HD version, but it mainly tries to update them rather than fully modernize them.The audio also is notciable just upgraded DS tunes as well. The music is not bad, there's actually some very nice songs in the collection, but it sounds like Silent Hill 1-level quality. Also, the game has a bad habit of making a certain battle theme playing when enemies are near. It isn't TOO repetitive, but you will hear the song a number of times before the game is up. But the sounds can be pretty competent to fit the mood.But the game does a good job at slowly but surely introducing new elements and enemies to keep things interesting. The enemies are surprisingly varied, and new ones keep on getting added until the last fourth of the game. I hear the original game had respawning enemies, but that's thankfully not the case here. Enemies don't respawn when backtracking or re-entering a room, which is nice and makes defeating enemies with supplies feel worthwhile. You can run in most instances though if you feel so inclined. Bosses, while not amazing, are pretty good. Definitely not bad, more than serviceable, so yeah, pretty good. And like the normal enemies, they're pretty varied. There's a few puzzles tossed into the mix, no real brain teasers, but they can be fun little distractions, and like other elements, they switch-up the puzzles so you aren't doing too much of the same thing. In fact, I have to applaud the developers on trying to switch things up enough to avoid the game from becoming too repetitive. The locations even are pretty varied and feel different, and even backtracking doesn't really overdo itself. The locations main 'themes' switch between asylum-type levels, nightmare-type levels, and outdoor snowy-type levels, but they each have a different sub-theme and different environments and design. The developers seemed to have found a sweet middleground for making elements familiar, but not treading too much of the same ground to be repetitive.The game isn't scary. Tense sometimes, but the game never really tries to scare you. No scripted scares, no jump scares... Which could be a good thing. The game simply uses audio, and its environment and monsters. The atmosphere can be tense sometimes, and even creepy, but the game possibly relies too much on its combat for itself to really settle in.And that's one thing you'll need to know about Dementium. It is a very action-focused title. While you can run from most encounters, you will be fighting a lot of enemies, with limited supplies, and the monsters are the main focus of the game. There's a total of 10 weapons in the game, and each feels very different, though noticeably you gain five of the game's ten weapons in the last third of the game, and three weapons right in the final chapter, making how they're spread maybe a bit uneven.I'd say it's a good game, not an AMAZING game, but if something that's like a mixture between Doom and Silent Hill interests you, this may be right up your alley. Not a bad game, or a bad remake, I'd give it a solid 6-8 our of 10, but keep in mind its handheld origins definitely show and I did find a few of the game's enemies a bit frustrating, and the combat was pretty simple. Can be a very nostalgic feeling game, if that's what you're looking for."
,Not Recommended,217100,10916359,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Glaice,"Needs a fair bit of work.Pros:Somewhat interesting but cliched story.Enemies look freaky.Good atmosphere.Cons:Player movement is slow, even for running.Combat is clunky and awkward.Animations seem stiff and weak.Combat music is monotonous and short.VSync setting not working, at least for me.Port of a DS game.Get only if on a deep discount (50% or more) and you're itching for something new to play in the horror genre."
,Recommended,217100,13016505,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"This HD version of Dementium 2 is the PC port of a 4-year old Nintendo DS game. That said you can immediately notice the graphics that are not on par with today's PC standards. Also, the gameplay is simple, the controls are a bit non-responsive and the story is not exactly long. You can complete William's story in a mere 3 hours.Still, Dementium 2 can be fun. It is a horror FPS game and you have all the weapons you need in such a game (knife, flamethrower) along with all the monstrosities you expect to jump at you at every corner. During the gameplay you proceed from room to room annihilating mentioned monstrosities while occasionally picking up an object only to use it elsewhere to overcome an obstacle.I like how the game transitions you sometimes - while half of it takes place in a mental institution and in its surrounding village and caves the other half puts you in the same areas but in a hellish, underworld-like environment. One could call it a day and night cycle that is often repeated.Dementium is mediocre at best but a good pastime. If you have nothing on your plate and do not desire to pick your next AAA game up you can have fun with it. Its low price can also get you closer to making this decision."
,Not Recommended,217100,9988731,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Dementium II was originally a game for the Nintendo DS. It is a FPS-Horror game and the sequel to Dementium: The Ward.Dementium II HD does a poor job explaining the details of what is going on. It drops the player inside a sanitarium that is haunted, or something and your job is it to fight through hordes of ghastly monsters and stop the mad doctor behind it all.The combat is simple, but fun. The ability to chose from over eight different weapons in a roughly five hour experience is a solid addition. Enemies are usually slow and repetitious and it is very possible to engage all creatures with the same technique.Dementium II HD comes with a handful of puzzles. Sadly they are there just for the sake of having puzzles and do not bring any real meat into the game.The graphics, are far from optimal for the platform. This game was originally designed for the Nintendo DS and while there have been some improvements made to match PC gaming standards, it still plays like a game built in the early 2000s.Dementium II was probably an amazing DS game but on PC it is a waste of money and time.Sounds 4/10Graphics 3/10Gameplay 3/10Atmosphere 4/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Not Recommended,217100,10337901,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Thai,I bought this when it was 50% off for $7.50ish. I would have much rather used that money to get 75 copies of Bad Rats when it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,217100,8134802,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Craft,I really didn't get anything from this game. The back and forth item collection of the same areas really shows this used to be a ds game as I imagine the creators had to utilise a limited amount of space. The combat is not satisfying and becomes incredibly tedious once a rhythm is formed. The same kind experience can be given from a free half-life mod called cry of fear and in my opinion is a creepier game than this one. For a more weapon and combat orientated experience I would recommend the painkiller games.
,Not Recommended,217100,15014071,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tyraa Rane,"TL;DR: This game feels like it really, really wants to beThe Suffering(particularly in terms of story and setting), which is what I recommend you go play instead.Graphics-wise, for a Nintendo DS port, it's not bad when bumped up to Fantastic quality. I didn't have any problems running it on my system in terms of FPS, so it's not like it's a bad port, but I wouldn't call it ""HD"" either. Sound quality's a more mixed bag; some sounds were okay (I think because they were fixed in a patch), whereas others are tinny and very low fidelity.WhereDementium IIreally falls down is the gameplay. Enemies are bullet sponges, and there's no discernable difference between most weapons. It takes the same number of shells, bullets, flamethrower uses, etc. to kill most common enemies. Except for sometimes, when one inexplicably dies in one shot (maybe I got a headshot? It's hard to tell where hitboxes are with the enemies' herky-jerky movements), and other times, when one inexplicably takes 6+ bullets to kill. I don't even know.They do try to mix it up a few times, mostly with the bosses (the fight against ""The Giant"" was actually kind of fun). And sometimes with unkillable enemies, or enemies that KO and then revive, because everyone loves wasting ammunition! ...Seriously, the combat is borderline atrociously bad.On the plus side, it was only ~5 hours long, and I got it on sale for <$4 USD. ...Still though. Just go playThe Suffering. Trust me."
76561198042646749,Not Recommended,217100,24358381,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,kris.aalst,"I read the reviews for this game and did notice that the general opinion wasn't really high praise. But sometimes, I like to take a gamble and buy a game like that anyway when it's heavily discounted.For the first 30 minutes or so, I thought I might be one of the minority of people who actually like this game. I liked the setting and the monsers, who kind of made me think of Clive Barker's early work.But then I encountered the first 'black ghost' monsters. When you get near these ghosts, they send you to sort of an arena where you have to fight 4 simple monsters, after which you're returned to a point in the game before encountering the ghost. So you're supposed to find your way around them. But while analyzing the corridors and the position of the many ghosts, you'll be sent to the arena to kill the same 4 monsters dozens of times. At that point, it got too tedious for me to continue. I have about 600 games on Steam and GoG combined, so I really don't want to spend hours killing the same few monsters without really progressing one bit in a game.Combined with the other complaints you'll read in the reviews here, like a very tedious combat system (melee is just mindless clicking, ranged has the accuracy of a blind man's aim), very repetitive gameplay, the fact that the game doesn't save your settings, broken Steam Achievements and graphics that aren't worthy of the 'HD' in the game's title, I suggest you skip this one. Plenty of better games on Steam."
,Recommended,217100,8914135,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"I've not yet completed this game, But im really enjoying it. I love the monsters the atmosphere and It also has the ability to spook you. One thing i did pick up on which i truely hate is the fact ALL the guns shoot marshmallows! its so random. I can shoot the chestmaws twice in the head and kill them, Or i can waste a whole clip in their head and they're still standing. Ugh, i wish it had more of a stronger feel on the weapons.. But i've been making it through anyways. Its really no big deal for anyone not named Amanda, but to have your name in a game was a happy surprise. It is a bit buggy for the achievements, i beat the second boss in the game Twice mind you And it didnt unlock the witch or 'killing any boss with a sledgehammer' achievements. I was reading up on it and hopefully those will unlock when the next boss is beaten. I give this game a 9/10. Even though its buggy/dodgey shots. i really like the 'story' so far."
,Not Recommended,217100,8533271,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Menin Gate,"The only thing HD about this game is the STEAM advertising title.Having said that it is a DS port.. I guess anything that was ported from DS was going to look like a game from the 90s. The gameplay is boring, and unexciting; and for anyone that has played a FPS or anything with a horror theme will be bored.Its playable, but personally lost interest after a couple of hours.I dont regret the purchase as the game is not broken, it is just not of PC quality. IT IS a DS game on the big screen."
,Not Recommended,217100,24981397,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Steel,"Dementium II HD is like Silent Hill HD Collection, unfinished and broken.When I was like 12, Dementium II HD was one of the few games I began with when I got steam. I loved it to death, and it made me get the DS version of Dementium 1 and 2. I use to be butthurt on people who had different opinions of the game (Which I'm very sorry about).But after 2 years, I realized how bad this game actually is. The DS versions are still the best DS games I have ever played, but this PC port is just a trainwreck.The story takes place in a hospital/jail type of place that you woke up after brain surgery. Since you are still a bit groggy, the guards took you to your cell and things start to go very wrong. If you haven't played The Ward (A.K.A. Dementium 1), the story will confuse you quite a bit on what the hell is going on. But the story isn't great, anyway, since it gets repetitive since it tells you about what happened and why you are in jail over and over again.The gameplay is awful. When you first get into the game, you will realize the controls are a bit delayed. It takes like a second for the game to realize you pressed a key or left/right clicked. It makes the game very clunky and very difficult to play. Playing with a controller is even worse, since the controls are a mess and you can easily press the wrong button at a bad time.The combat isn't fun. At the start of the game, you only have a shank for like 15 minutes. It's not so bad at first, but aiming with the guns later is a nightmare. The monsters A.I. isn't great, and you can just run around the enemy and shank away until they're dead.Not to mention the bugs are crazy. You can fall through the map, if you pick up an item while the graphics are at low setting, there is a big chance that the game will break and you are stuck on the item screen, unless you close the game and start it again. It's nonsense.The graphics are HD? Don't make me laugh. In fact, they look worse than on the DS (How is that even possible?). Like.. wow. The monsters look like a joke, the animations are bad, etc.Soundtrack is just ""meh."" When you get into battle, it's the same battle music over and over again. It gets very repetitive and annoying. The background music when you aren't in battle is okay, but not great.Over and all, I can't recommend this. I loved it when I was 12, but now I realized how bad this game actually is. Get the DS Versions, they're much more polished and more enjoyable than this lazy attempt of a port."
,Recommended,217100,12589814,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,godslayer1975,"This game is a fun horror time waster , sure if you go in thinking your going to get Evil within then you will be disapointed but as a game that you can find on sale for under $5 it is worth every penny . Graphics bad , collison detection sucks , but guess what controls are fine and for some reason it pulls me in to want to play more , i have already put in 5 hrs on my sisters account when i was visiting her and now i am going to start over on my PC and its worth it just for the atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,217100,23644038,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr. Hugh Mannity,"Sigh. It's really such a shame to say that I wouldn't recommend this game.I remember seeing this game for the Nintendo DS, but I never got a chance to pick it up. And then this game come to PC with the ""HD"" version on the title. Saw the negative reviews on the front page but it really can't be that bad right? Since it's horror and everything I figured I might as well try it myself.The term ""disappointment"" is a horrible understatement. I didn't expect much graphic wise since it is a port but despite the HD upgrade on the PC, the graphics are still behind the times and everything about it feels outdated. The gameplay is probably better for the Nintendo DS but abysmal for the PC and it's not just the gameplay, it's everything. The sounds repeat for each monster type, the combat music is the exact same loop and the ambiance music is the same. As for the story, well there is a little to no story in the game. You can pick up notes and things but even they do not offer any kind of story, just hints on your current situation. Trust me, there's more story on the description page than the actual game itself.The monsters are the same warped grotesque things we have seen in the entire Silent Hill franchise and the terror effect no longer exists. Enemies act and look the same to their type. Again there is no explanation for these monsters and why they exist. Most of the game takes place in prison walls, and while there is the occasional town to break up the scenery, most of the game looks pretty flat and dull before long. Colors tend to stick to realistic browns and grays, and while the monsters show some different colors, even they often stick to darker versions of bright colors. Everything looks drab as a result, and the lack of variety in the locations only makes looking at the game that much less interesting.The walking speed is the speed you should be when crouched or laying down in other games and the run speed is the walking speed. You must hold down the run button the entire time you play but it's okay since you have infinite stamina. You can pick up health pills, medkits, adrenaline shots and poison resistant bottles but I never once used the shots, bottles or medkits and only a couple times used health pills. You can also get a flashlight that flickers on and off constantly, but when it's on a weapon, it stays on.And then there's the bug. Oh yeah, the gamebreaking bug. You see, I've been playing for three hours and it's all fine and dandy. After encountered the second reanimator monster, I got teleported into the other world and fight against five of those face-spitting acid monsters. Done my business there and finally back to normal world and guess what? I can't get outside of that toilet room! I've tried running, crouching, jumping, slashing, shooting at the open door but the game still won't let me out. There's a machine gun ammo there but it sure as hell didn't help. So here I was thinking, eh maybe I can reload a few saves back and the bug will be gone! But nope, the game decided to say ""Well son, that's what you get for not listening to the negative reviews on the store page! Now you get to experience it yourself."" And as you can guess, the bug is still there. At this point I already gave up trying and decided to write this review.It simply baffles me how they can slap High Definition on this when all that was done was barely touching the graphics and adding cutscenes. Within three minutes you can predict when monsters will apear and how the game is going to go pace wise and gameplay wise. And it seems after all these years, the developer didn't even bother to fix their game. The lesson here? Listen to the other reviews before buying anything and it will save you so much time and money. There are dozens of other, better shooters and horror games for your money — ones that make better use of PC controls, sound, and graphical power, so you’re better off steering clear of this game."
,Not Recommended,217100,14870519,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,strangemodule,"Honestly, just play the DS game.If you haven't yet, Dementium 2 is a fun little survival horror FPS with neat-looking monsters, limited ammo, and themes revolving around losing your sanity and blurring the line between real and fake. It's not the most revolutionary thing, but it's got some heart.All of what I just said there applies to the DS version. The HD version did NOTHING to improve the gameplay, and it really shows. The enemies are easy to dodge now that you have WASD movement instead of DPAD+Touch screen, enemies require way too many hits to kill considering how little ammo you get, the level design is too spacious and devoid of much to do, and the sound is reused from the DS version in all its low bitrate.These could be all surmountable problems if the combat had felt smooth and polished, but it's not. It's the same ""strafe back and forth out of enemy's attack range with melee weapons"" combat you've probably seen in other games, and shooting feels stiff and lacking any punch. I attribute the latter's problems to the Unity engine (which this game runs on), mainly because I'm of the belief that it takes serious work to make something look/feel good in that engine. As an aside, if you do want to see a good example of a well-polished Unity engine game, take a look at Endless Legend.Sadly, the game being ""HD"" tampers with its general horror theme. Better controls means you aren't struggling against them during fights, better view distance makes areas that were once thick with darkness reveal just how empty they really are, and the lighting feels static and blandly applied. Even the animations for the weapons feel too floaty and lacking the correct feeling of power that they should have.Ultimately, Dementium II HD just feels like a straight ""pretty-ing up"" of the game, and misses the opportunity to refine and tweak gameplay to fit for a game free of the DS's tight resource restrictions. In many ways, the performance limits helped Dementium II feel tense and scary, but the PC version fails in that regard. Dementium II is a good game, but only on the DS."
,Not Recommended,217100,8346382,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Febel,"This was probably an amazing DS game. As a PC game, however, it would have been pretty mediocre 4-5 years ago. Weak story, weak repetitive gameplay, graphics that look ugly as sin, incredibly stupid enemies and cutscenes that seem both random and terrible. The only good thing that I can say is that it is technically proficient with no real glitches or anything. I guess if you're in the mood for a good old fashioned bad game to make fun of while you play, then this might be right up your alley. If not, avoid it altogether."
,Not Recommended,217100,8421291,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mikemetroid,"I played this game for about two hours...thats more then enough time anyone should really spend on this.Dementium II HD is quite literally Dementium II... HD...  no new animations, gameplay, stories, etc.... it is literally the DS version...with HD graphics.  Man oh man does this game not translate well to PC.  You'll be dealing with the dumbest AI, clunky movement, horrible animations, boring atmospheres, blocky models, and cheap narritave.  It has some value to it in the fact that the puzzles and the concepts are fun to solve and observe... but other than that you should probably just play this what it was meant on... a 3.25 inch screen with a stylus..."
76561198239208778,Not Recommended,217100,22043805,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,chicaxcaliber,"i finally beat this game so i can give it a fair review... It's an awful game. When i first came into this game, i went in an open mind. I knew nothing about the game, i just wanted to try it out. The gameplay was extremely slow and painful, some of the creatures were annoying and back tracking was a pain. The story was just a ""WTF"" type of story to me. The overall enviroment was like ""Silent Hill' but crappier to all craps. I really did not enjoy this game, if you plan on buying it, BE WARNED."
76561198058973605,Recommended,217100,17831151,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,James,"Don't listen to what most of these people say. This is a fantastic game as it not only is a horror game, but also a puzzle game. I have seen the version for this game on the nintendo DS and I thought it was incredible for it's time, but the controlls were a bigger question mark. Later, I bought this game on steam, and the advanced graphics blew my mind. I expected to see DS graphics, but instead I got a bit of a more PC feeling. Even if it seems a bit choppy with the gunplay, it's not bad. I find this a fun game to play on saturday nights and I reccomend this as a good game for everyone including beginners to horror games."
,Not Recommended,217100,29773011,Posted: 7 February,all,dave hammonds,Was good on the DS. Somehow it looks and plays worse on PC.
76561198022418595,Recommended,217100,14596978,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Sergeant Dildo,Not bad for a 5 year old DS game ported to PC. I played the DS version too and I like this one better simply because I don't have to use a touch screen to look around and the graphics are much better. It runs at 4k resolution without a hiccup.
,Not Recommended,217100,13889857,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,YourMumsMilkman,"I tried to like this game. I really wanted to... and I'd be willing to give a sequel a look as well.  However they're going to have to up the graphics and work on the controls, story, gunplay, enemy-play, everything.  I realize its a port from a hand held game, but with whats on steam right now there are quite a few better alternatives for horror shooters on the PC.  Most of the cool looking monsters and graphic videos on the store page are just from a few in game movies.If you have a few hours to waste and you dont mind the above then give it a shot.I did think that the ""overseer"" that was watching you was kinda creepy and that was a nice touch.  ...it was also kinda cool taking out most of the enemies (including bosses) with a prison shank."
76561198095906313,Recommended,217100,33978070,Posted: 2 August,all,JOLLYSAINTNICK,"Ok. first thing i'd like to say is this game was ported from the DS, what were  you expecting? second the game was average at best on the ds. But if you look at it for what its worth its like a resident evil game, Attitude wise, a B rated horror flick"
,Recommended,217100,16886652,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Not One Of Us,"Cliver Barker's Silent Hill... almost.Unfortunately, not Undying and Silent Hill 2, but Jericho and one of the more recent, crappy Silent Hill games.A port of a Nintendo DS game, I can't imagine how much of a pain it'd be to play on that system.  Much of it feels rather stiff (obviously dictated by its original platform), especially in the movement - and I say this as some who thinks the movement in System Shock 2 is completely appropriate for the respective game.Further perplexing is how much focus there is on combat, given the system it was first developed for.  While there are times where just running away is an option, they often put you in situations where you must destroy all the enemies in an area to proceed.  This feels like it works against the general vibe of the game, which seems to be shooting for (and accomplishing to some extent) a true survival horror quality.  I feel they should've focused on more of the Resident Evil-like puzzles the game had, and leaving combat as a secondary option.The classic Silent Hill inspirations are very prominant, right down to the nightmare world changes.  Mix in some Hellraiser, and you've got the general visual design.  This and the audio design are where the game shines the most.  Still hampered by being an up-rezzed port of a DS game, but you can definitely feel the artistic ability the team has in these areas.In all, it reminds me of Blue Stinger - a game that's not horrible, but having a few poorly thought out aspects that hold it back from being a great game.  If you need something to at least scratch that survival horror itch in these days of action horror games, this will do alright, giving you about three to four hours of relief.(Those jumping puzzles near the end though, Jesus Christ.  Just horrible game design, especially for a game with terrible jumping.)"
76561198082133339,Not Recommended,217100,21844751,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blackstar,"Dementium II HD is a PORT of an old Nintendo DS game. I ABSOLUTELY LOVED the DS game. I thought it was amazing. This port, however, is a complete pile of crap. DO NOT BUY THIS! If you REALLY WANT to, just get a NDS if you don't already have one and get the original game, which is an amazing game. This HD port ruins everything about it. And the developers have seemingly stopped caring. Do not buy this game. I wish I could get a refund, but I bought this long before Steam added their refund features."
,Not Recommended,217100,14006608,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,LegatoSkyheart,"I remember playing the First game on the DS and thought ""HEY this is great."", but that was years ago and seeing this pop up on Steam I thought ""HEY DEMENTIUM! I LIKED THAT GAME!"" plus it was cheap and thought hey why not and bought it.I started playing it and found out the hard way about the true nature of this game.First off the game feels old. Like Windows XP old. It's terrible. The Animations are stiff and gosh the cutscenes are just awful.Now Graphics aren't end all or be all for the game, but the Gameplay itself is STUPIDLY subpar. Just wack enemies with a Knife or Shoot them with your Gun, it doesn't matter everyone is a sponge to your hits anyway even if you hit them on the head.Overall if you have this game on the DS there doesn't seem to be a reason to upgrade to the PC version unless you REALLY want to play it with a Mouse and Keyboard. Those that haven't played this game? I'd probably stay away from this since there's WAY better Survival Horror games out there."
,Recommended,217100,31911804,Posted: 22 May,all,Setton,"It's alright. The DS version was more atmospheric IMO, and a lot less buggy.It only took about 7 hours to beat and get all achievements, and I wandered around a lot.Still, not an entirely terrible experience, and 59 cents was a pretty good deal."
76561198078134213,Not Recommended,217100,30592654,Posted: 18 March,all,ashenian,"This is probably one of the scariest games I've ever played, but not for the reason you'd expect.  The game was so prone to freeze up or crash just for doing basic actions like picking up an item or opening a door that I never knew what to expect.  On many occasions it would crash right after a difficult boss battle or a long stretch without saving.  Then it's back to the last save point hoping and praying that it didn't happen again.It also suffers from terrible lag and some of the worst screen tearing I've ever seen.  This makes combat and navigating traps  more difficult than it needs to be.There are also some questionable changes from the original such as enemies now taking more hits to defeat and the removal of the squealing that the worms make.If you want to play this game, track down the original for the DS.  This version isn't worth the time or effort."
,Not Recommended,217100,11620882,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Callak Skytower,"This game looked decent on the get-go, but I soon found out after about an hour of play that it seems to be based on defending yourself agaisnt waves of respawning monsters in some rooms untill you kill a set ammount and the a door unlocks.  For a horror based game this sort of thing wears thin really fast.Most of the rooms are pretty bare and the texturs aren't very high definition.  This kind of looks like something I would see on maybe a console game a few years ago, but not what I would expect on the PC now.  If I wanted to play this sort of thing, I would have bought an older console.If you like this sort of combat, and similar foes, I reccomend getting Doom 3 instead, it's a lot more detailed, with similar suprises, and less locked down combat.   If your looking for a more explorative horror game, where you do less fighting and more sneaking....  go for Outlast, or Amnisia.I can see now why this was discounted down to two dollars, but I'm still dissapointed in this kind of quality in a modern PC game, even if it was originally made for the DS."
,Not Recommended,217100,11778534,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ErbanVision,"In 2010 Renegate Kids released Dementium 2 on the DS.Flowing the formula of the first game it created a rich horror experience for its sequel on the DSIn 2013 we get Dementium 2 hd.(Developed by Memetic Games)A crapmake (remake or port) of a decent ds game that does not hold up to the original ds title and its sequel.I will explain, the DS version pushed the handheld to is limits . You cannot have a 60 frame per second first person shooter game on the DS. Characters will move slowly you cannot go fast. So it could not run fluently which is fine because it was a ds game.The crapmake (remake or port) has optimisation problems and does not showcase any outstanding graphics (they actually look pretty outdated), the game was unplayable with Mouse and Keyboard at launch (ITS A PC GAME ????) and there are some achievement glitches which is a pain.It seems like the sound effects were rip out from the DS game which is disappointing.There only thing positive of this Edition is that the lighting effect and resolution are a lot better that on the DS.Now when a game is categorise as remake its mean re-imagining of the original idea (look at the remake of resident evil as a example of a better game).This fails miserably in doing that.What this crapmake does is that it stains what was so enjoyable about the DS version.The DS game was scary, the hd remake is not.My original review of the DS had a rating of 7.5/10 which was a flawed but was still a good game, the HD gets a 3/10  its a terrible remake or port(which kills me because i praised the DS version so much in 2010).There are other great horror game to be played on PC.Dont buy the HD version, purchase the DS instead and play it on your 3DS.Dont waste your money.3/10 Verdict: Do Not Play this GamePros- Better lighting effects and resolution.Cons- Character moves slowly like on the ds.- Nothing has been reinvented to make the experience fresh on PC.- Rip off way to many sound effect For the DS Version that do not sound good on PC.- And last but not least a same-full port."
,Not Recommended,217100,11764368,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mashiro,"When I bought this game, I expected at least beautiful graphics as game's name say : Dememtium II HD...I was surprised to find something ugly ! So ugly that I can only play 5 min/day. Just for my mind because I bought it...Lots of things must change in this game.First, graphics. Or game's name so, it can make people confused or angry when they play this game first time. It's ugly, that's it. Monsters are ugly, when you attack an ennemy, it's ugly.Explain me why the name of this game is ""Dementium II HD"" whereas it reach the top of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gtaphics ? (I precise when graphics are on their max). I'm open of all answers, but it's gonna be hard.Second, a lot of little thing like time for switching weapon. Too long, and when an ennemie attack you, switching for another weapon is too long that you will prefer to ragequit.Positive thing : cinematics seems to be in High Definition... I'm not sure about this"
,Not Recommended,217100,14006753,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Prinzy,"Played it again and again on the ds vers. as well as the first one but...I felt like this port failed to deliver in all honesty. The graphics- Well.. Mostly everythingfelt like it was done in a rush. I wish that the devs would take the time to release a graphicoverhaul patch. Even better so if they did a physics overhaul alongside of it.Don't even get me started on the awkward controls! The only comparison I can make is havinga boner with baggy pajama pants while friends are over and everyone's sitting on the same couch.My one regret about buying this is not just the poor port, but I bought this when it was first comingout at 14.99, the original price if I'm not mistaken.But I guess life has its times that will cause you to cringe for your past choices. ^^;;3.5/10"
,Not Recommended,217100,11717602,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Monsieur-Owly,"Do not believe what the other reviewers said! Dementium 2 is actually a true MASTERPIECE! It is the NEW innovative game to the FPS genre next to Wolfenstein 3D, Doom, Duke Nukem 3D, Quake, Quake 2, Rainbow Six, Half-Life, SWAT3, Deus Ex, Unreal Tournament, Quake 3, etc.Graphics include dynamic shadow and HIGH polygons count models! Blocky and muddy models  offer a SCARY monster design that would put Doom 3, Silent Hill and Amnesia to shame!Also the melee combat system is extremely SATISFYING! Think about Skyrim, Dark Messiah of Might and Magic and Zeno Clash put together. Combats require thinking and a good use of momentum and environment. A survival horror heavy on TACTICAL elements.The shooting is also very solid. The Battlefield and Counter-Strike community will find the game very CHALLENGING in their first playthrough.Despite the high quality of the gameplay the real HIGHLIGHT of the game is the plot. It is so UNPREDICTABLE! Think about Godfather mixed with Usual Suspects and Shawshank Redemption and you will get an idea how EXCELLENT this game is!Hey wait! What I am saying? What is this non-sense? I didn't write that! Oh no! Help! I fell into the WARD... insanity... madness... DEMENTIUM!Rating:4.0"
76561198093636330,Recommended,217100,28417149,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,LordTheDerp,"this game was really good. the monsters were creative and while i got stuck at some parts i kept going through it. it was interesting and fun to play, i couldent put it down for a week."
76561198048974498,Recommended,217100,11809461,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I was really, really patient with this one. I honestly was.I even played it right up to what turned out to be - upon quick consultation of a walkthrough - a room mere MINUTES away from the final boss battle. A room full of platforms one has to jump across, with fiery death awaiting just below. A room which was not the first but the SECOND of such rooms, in quick succession to each other; in a game which had precisely NO tricky jumping bits PRIOR to these moments. But most importantly...a room which was SEVERAL MINUTES away from the last save or check-point.And what did I do? I misjudged one of the jumps, and died. And frankly, found myself lacking the will to try again. EVER. AGAIN.Up until that point, I was going to sum this game up in one word: ""fine"". No great shakes, certainly lacking in ambition...but y'know...""fine"". ""Okay"". ""Passable"". And I'm still going to use those words, if only because when a game is this simplistic and repetitious, does it really matter that I didn't actually SUFFER through the final boss battle - which looked awfully like, y'know, a pretty standard final boss battle - and merely WATCHED it in a video walkthrough? I don't think it would have enriched my life greatly to actually finish the game; though I do believe that passing on such an honour has left me short at least one whole Achievement.Oh well. Sometimes life is tough, but we must all endure. Sometimes we must look our failures unerringly in the face, and say: ""I am still a worthwhile human being. Even though I lacked the patience to REPLAY THAT STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING FIVE TO TEN MINUTES OF DEMENTIUM II HD, just to fight SOME ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID WORM CREATURE WHICH SOMEHOW, BAFFLINGLY CONSTITUTES THE FINAL NEMESIS OF A ""PSYCHOLOGICALLY""-THEMED HORROR GAME SET IN AN ASYLUM...does not mean that I am not a worthwhile entity in the scope of the universe. I still have a valid contribution to make, even if it won't be GETTING THAT STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING ACHIEVEMENT. But hey...I still have all the hair on my head. And that's more important, to have a full head of hair than to TEAR IT ALL OUT BECAUSE SOME STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING THRIFT-SHOP GAME DESIGNERS COULDN'T BE BOTHERED STICKING ANY ♥♥♥♥ING SAVE POINTS ANYWHERE NEAR THE CLIMAX. I am...still valid...worthwhile...deep breaths...deep breaths...""Funny thing is, up to that point, one of my main ""complaints"" about the game was going to be that it was a tiny bit too easy. I mean, I had 4 medkits and 14 bottles of pills on me when I died. But did all this healing I'd saved up during the rest of the game save me from dying when I fell into the flames? Noooooooo. And what about that ridiculous amount of ammo I'd conserved...could I maybe use that to...FIGHT the flames as they devoured my body? Noooooooooooooooooo. Am I ever liable to play this rather shoddy (and not exactly ""HD""-looking) Nintendo DS port again? ♥♥♥♥ nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. And I wouldn't recommend anyone else doing so for the princely sum of fifteen dollars, either.But if you're a glutton for punishment, and don't mind wasting a bunch of hours on a game haunted by the ghosts of the countless similar yet superior games which have trodden these well-worn floors so many times before, it MIGHT be worth picking up in a sale for a fiver. MIGHT. The funeral is yours (or cremation, should you happen to die in the exact same spot that I did).Verdict: 6/10."
76561198034696743,Not Recommended,217100,11616664,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Alex Olinkiewicz,"If you want to play Dementium II on the PC. Play it on Emulator, this ""HD"" port adds Nothing!"
76561198214810959,Not Recommended,217100,34791909,Posted: 7 September,all,corydelavega53,"Too bad. I LOVED the DS version.Just NOT fun to play.Swipe swipe swipe, oh look.. I hit it that time.Whee.You know a game is bad when you long for the hand cramps from the original."
,Not Recommended,217100,29102669,Posted: 7 January,all,Capt_Blakhelm,"For PC gamers, Dementium II HD is a very shoddy first person horror game which unfortunately will be on par with much of the ""Jim Sterling bait"" awful horror PC games. This game has more quality than many of these games, but there's only a very small niche of people I can recommend this to, which you are probably not part of - just avoid it.Also note, my review became more of me telling a story in order to review the game, since I only spent little time with it. It took me longer to write this than for me wanting to play it.Let me preface this review with the fact that I am somebody who completed the original Dementium: The Ward on the Nintendo DS. It wasn't an amazing game, but for a first person horror shooter on the DS in 2007, it did it's job well enough. I enjoyed it and it currently has a rating of 72 on Metacritic - so a decent amount of other players enjoyed it. Many Steam reviewers also made VERY clear that this was a port of the original DS game, so I was well aware of that when I purchased this, since I wanted to continue the series and was willing to forgo some amount of quality.*sigh* BOI. That was a big mistake. I first went into options, where Action was Right Mouse instead of E, Zoom was Z instead of Right Mouse, and Crouch was C instead of Left Ctrl. Easy to fix though, due to rebindable keys, and honestly this control scheme works for really old games. The only reason why I bring this up is because when I started a new game, I needed to interact with an object and no key worked. I can only assume it is a gltich from rebinding the keys, or maybe the fact that I had a gamepad connected, but no button would interact their either.A restart fix the issue, which also caused the game to open in windowed mode. Maybe because I changed the resolution before I closed it? Still, selecting ""Windowed Mode Off"" in the options didn't make it full screen and I had to Alt + Enter. Fine, another super minor thing, but it's a bad presentation.I start the game. A starting NPC has a weird seam on his shoulder (signs of a low poly/quality charater model). NPCs keep repeating the same 2 lines of dialog every few seconds. I make progress to combat which is simply wacking a shank in front of you as the enemy creature flashes red until it dies after over 9000 hits. Playing as a prisoner, I reach a point where two security guards try to taze/kill me, but all I have is a pithy knife versus their armor and electric batons. I run past them to a another room which requires a load screen. Since this is a new loading area and all I did was go through an unlocked door, these PRISON SECURITY GUARDS NO LONGER EXIST. I understand this is an old school gaming mechanic - but you can't expect me to take a mental institute/prison escape seriously with something like that - at least have them pretend to knock on the door saying ""OPEN UP!""I eventually make it to a boss battle, where I'm pitted against an 8 ft tall, 6 ft wide creature that looks like a Half-Life Headcrab, that can crawl on walls and ceilings and probably could impale me on his spiked arms. So am I supposed to run away from this huge creature? Maybe some scripted event will stop it or slow it down for me to run. No, I'm put in a circular arena to fight it, with my prison shank. The entire fight consists of a simple man fighting a giant, demonic/alien looking headcrab with a rusty shank, slapping it about him a few dozen times until he dies. There is some AI to him - he crawls around on the ceiling, does leap attacks, spits acid/blood, summon worm like creatures to assist. but it is a simple battle of attrition with poor combat (in which I had to heal to win) until he died. I won, and the game then rewarded me with a pistol AFTER the fact.I take said pistol with me, and get stuck in a monster closet with two ""standard zombie"" creatures. The limited ammo on my person and in the level was enough to kill them all, and I had to resort to my shank again, with more poor, slap happy combat. I turned the game off.DO NOT BUY! I only recommend this to: Players of the First Dementium, huge fan of horror games, and people with a high tolerance of mediocre/sub-par games. The ""demented"" angle makes for an interesting story, but this game is pretty bad."
,Not Recommended,217100,31686414,Posted: 11 May,all,Adamant Archvile,"Do you like audio issues, controls that don't repond to you, and issues that a game on the PC shouldn't have? Then you'll love this game. If not, ignore this game like the plague Turns out all HD means is updating the weapon models a bit."
,Recommended,217100,8131071,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,mutatedwombat,"This game looks promising... HOWEVER:As of today (20th Dec 2013) it does not let you save where you are up to and continue playing later.It also doesn't seem to remember my 2560 x 1440 resolution setting.I can live with the second, but not knowing how long this game takes to play through, I won't try again until the first problem is fixed."
76561197972445514,Recommended,217100,18320317,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Hellbishop,DEMENTIUM II HD a nightmarish trip into a well paced macabre world of relentless horror bashing the mind's sanity to a bloody pulp of incurable psychosis. This is how first person retro terror gaming should be done sick and demented with a sense of perverse mystery urging the player on way beyond the time they have run out of anti-psychotic medication to keep them calm.
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,217100,11983611,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxDiQE0TCXc&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpADementium II is a horror escape FPS.The game crashes, is full of bugs, tearing and clipping,graphically is a big competitor for games just released in1998....only problem is that it's just a bit past 1998!At some point, these and many other game developers got it intotheir head that lots of blood and gore equals horror.Forget suspense, forget being drawn into the atmosphere,or the adrenaline rush that surges in a player when thereis a genuine fear of what's around the corner, or thatthey might die.The game is extremely linear, and poorly designed, so thatyou have the pleasure of trying door after door that islocked and or ultimately leads nowhere.The game employs delaying tactics such as infrequent savepoints and and excessive amount of loading screens.  Thestory is poorly written and full of inconsistencies, theweapons are weak and have no decent recoil or sense of power, andthe combat is a joke.Even if this game were on sale for a nickel, I would adviseyou to save yourself the headache.For more details, see the linked video review, as this is a basicsummary of what I cover in my video.Thanks for your viewership and support for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
76561198009595827,Not Recommended,217100,11423961,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Dickmeis,"Not very happy with this game. I get the feeling every cutscene, monster idea, framing view, etc is ripped from somewhere. The main mobs seem clearly ripped from The Suffering; and there's no clear reason for the design choice being so similar."
,Not Recommended,217100,14151176,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Far Cry-fag,"Nah. When i first reviewed this game I thought it was rather good. See, the thing is, somehow, the HD PC PORT OF A DS GAME is worse than the DS version in every way. The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and somehow the guns are harder to aim than the DS version, which used a ♥♥♥♥ing touch pad to control it. The weapons, while being better graphically, are worse designed. For example, in the DS version, the sledgehammer actually looks like a hammer. But the PC version just looks like a stick with a brick attached to the end. It's small annoyances like this that kill the game for me. Another oddity is that when firing the revolver, there is a short delay between the muzzle flash and the kickback of the shot, which makes the revolver feel like one of the worst feeling weapons to use the entire games industry. There are more things, but it's mostly just small♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. How did they ♥♥♥♥ this up? I'm a big fan of the Dementium games, I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them back in the DS days. But they've gone and ♥♥♥♥ed it. ♥♥♥♥ed it into tiny, little bite-sized pieces. Get the DS version, it's just plain better, somehow. Scarier, more fun to play. But, if it's absolutely impossible to get the DS version, this is still just passable. That is, if you're REALLY wanting to play this game. Expect to be disappointed playing the inferior PC version though.Yeah, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥basically. 5/10 for the PC version . I'd give the DS version a 7.5/10."
76561197976528105,Not Recommended,217100,14765280,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,"As a ds game I would recommend it but as a pc game, hell no."
76561198105205197,Not Recommended,217100,12753823,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Captain Facepalm,"This is an okay game. I think a lot of people didn't know what to expect when this game came out. (It's basically a PC port of a Nintendo DS game.) It stays true to the original Dementium 2.The AI isn't anything special and the graphics aren't anything spectacular, but it does have some cool monsters. Most of them won't put up much of a fight though. The hit detection is a pain, but if you manuever just right it shouldn't be a problem.If you're expecting this game to be like Resident Evil, then you're going to be disappointed. If you're looking for kicks, and in the mood for a really campy horror movie, then you might like this game.Update: I can no longer recommend this game due to a game breaking glitch. I was playing in chapter 4 when my melee weapons stopped working. Melee weapons include the knife, sledgehammer, and dynomite. Now that I've reached the colossus, and the dynomite isn't working, (The dynomite is needed to kill colossus.) I can't progress further."
,Not Recommended,217100,16097714,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Zeisan,its trying hard to be silent hill...but failing. clonky mechanics... character feels like its either wrapped in wool or moving underwater.... why s the knife so OP? plus the problem with having to restart the game after first boot or no keys work..... devs...go back to school.
,Not Recommended,217100,16719812,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,arKtur,Gameplay is decent. Weapons are cool the controls are good. Not Bad for a DS Game! It seems to have some good potential. Even the story is decent ... but its potential seems to be lost on the PC version. Somewhat unfitting music and at the point you're able to predict effects and horror events due to a short black screen before a cut screne etc. Dementium II looses its horror. If you want to play it and spend a few bucks do it during steam sale: 5 / 10
,Not Recommended,217100,15846520,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,VaNillAxBeAr94,"This game is just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game throws a boring environment at with some very dull enemy design and some♥♥♥♥♥♥poor combat in the hopes that someone may actually think ""hey this is a good game"" but no, it's just so bad, so boring."
,Not Recommended,217100,16899436,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Dementium II is clearly a so-so port of a phone/tablet game and never tries to be anything but that.  The ""HD"" graphics upgrade makes a phone game look like it came straight out of 2003 so whoop-dee-doo.  If you can pick it up on sale for $1.99 then I suppose it's worth it but you're not missing anything if you skip it."
,Not Recommended,217100,13166799,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Hyperboreal,This game made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants with it's SPOOOOKY low-texture quality and BONE-CHILLING repetitiveness
,Not Recommended,217100,9538514,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Druin,"Dementium 2 HD is fun for about 3 hours, which is good because the game is only around 4 hours long.It's difficulty leaves something to be desired for me, I played on hard difficulty and ended the game with a smorgasbord of healing items and excess ammo. Personally I recommend it if it's on sale as long as you like/can tolerate first person melee combat that isn't all that great.At full price it's definately not worth it for the short short length and low replayability."
76561197983323833,Not Recommended,217100,9681318,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,*COG* Salamander,"Poorly made, very dated graphics, and bad mechanics combine to make this one a game to avoid. The first boss was as far as I got and it was a dull and uninspired fight.Do yourself a favor and skip this one."
76561198021906166,Not Recommended,217100,9816056,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,tasty bird,♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever. Crashes on high resolution when picking up items.Gameplay generally sucks big time. They should have never released this for PC but kept itfor nintendo DS because thats what this♥♥♥♥♥♥is for. Even minecraft has better pixels
76561197996527315,Not Recommended,217100,10338612,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,[MAC]Steve Jobs,"So maybe I haven't given this game a fair chance, because I didn't play it very long, but I played the first Dementium on the DS. That one was repetitive, but it was playable. This game starts off with almost no instructions on how to play. Also, normally the escape button pauses the game, but you can not pause the game within the first few minutes to change settings or controls. So therefore I have no idea how to do anything without rebooting the game and watching the cutscenes over again. Speaking of the cutscenes, they are mashed together very poorly with the main gameplay. The cutscenes frequently break the flow of momentum. I fought the first boss with a knife. Or rather, a shank. This boss was a big ugly monster that should of clearly overpowered me, but instead I was easily able to kill him with my shank. Then the guy who unleashed the moster on me says ""that's just a glimpse of what I can do."" That immediatly turned me off to the rest of the game. Did I mention the poor voice acting? Only after you beat the first monster can you then pause the game with the escape key. Overall very dissatisfied with this purchase."
,Not Recommended,217100,10777846,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zeke,"This is a direct port from the Nintendo DS version. They somehow made the game look worse, and they didn't fix any of the issues present on the DS.It's only worth $0.99."
76561198027406332,Not Recommended,217100,10364993,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Citano,"Controls are pretty clunky. Monsters/enemies are as goofy as can be. I'm only on chapter 2 so far,(that's all I could handle for now) and the story seems pretty lacking as well.  I've never played the non-hd/nintendo ds version of this, so I'm not quite sure what warranted a hd version of this on pc..  If you're looking for a good fps horror game to play, look elsewhere(maybe doom 3, or even walking dead survival instinct)."
76561197962973671,Not Recommended,217100,10459662,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Past0ri,"some sort of horror game i suppose. lame enemies, unentertaining, same music looping, too short, useless weapons, sluggish controls and couple of annoying situations. no sir, i dont recommend."
,Not Recommended,217100,10642817,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dickhat,This game is so bad. Like seriously bad.
,Not Recommended,217100,8703138,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Ben Swagpiro,"Very glitchy, many people have experienced glitches with this game, but it seems I'm one of few people who have experienced a game breaking one.Tried to use Ceremonial Dagger on the door with the Roman Numeral Lock, it worked the first time. However, I did not have the code and thus had to backtrack to the church. After backtracking and retrieving the postcard with the code, I journeyed back to the lock and on my return, I was not able to use the dagger and examine the lock. All that remained was a description of the lock when I looked at the door.This game is ok for a DS game, but I wouldn't say it sets the world on fire, not enough for me to restart the game again. I think I would have been left with a better impression if I didn't have the game breaking bug."
76561198109469443,Not Recommended,217100,12209763,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Z.A.R.F.,"man so das schlechteste game ever -_- da kauft man so ein mist da es im trailer cool ausgesehen aht und dann so ein scheiß, grafik scheiße die kreaturen sind so behindert dagestellt das es ein amateur sogar besser hinkriegen würde -_-kauft es bitte nicht leutelasst die finger von diesem rotz spiel -_-WILL MEIN GELD WIEDER HABEN IHR SPASTIES"
,Not Recommended,217100,11563225,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,XthemastaX,"Even patched, it's still a broken game. I thought it'd be a good deal for $1.99 considering how much potential this game has. The graphics aren't worthy to be considered HD, as some models look like they're of the early PS2 era, yet some details are high quality, it doesn't look too good for a Unity engine game. The gameplay is unchanged from its DS counterpart, albeit that it's mediocre due to the lack of alterations, enemies are stupid and don't serve as a threat, firearms lack hit detection even when you blast them at point-blank range, and I can't get far enough into the game as it just crashes as soon as I defeat an enemy or enter a different area (I bought this game yesterday and I tried playing it today, crashes just started occuring.) Sound is decent, some are ripped straight from Counter-Strike, Dementium II itself and some of its own sounds, yet the Dementium II sounds are still compressed, that's not good. The story is the same as the original DII so I won't spoil it. Do not buy this game, get the DS version or if you want this so badly, just get it, be aware of the possible game-breaking bugs that might occur."
76561198071874180,Recommended,217100,16924783,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,[ W O K Ǝ ] NullPug,"Friend was like ""WHOA! THERE'S A GAME ON SALE FOR 99 CENTS!""I was like ""WHOA I'VE GOT 1 DOLLAR IN MY ACCOUNT!""We both purchased this game and proceeded to die of laughter over Skype while killing the first boss with a prison shank.10/10 Would buy 99 cent game again."
76561197992528533,Not Recommended,217100,8821677,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,sib2,"Buggy as hell. No story, ends with nothing, short, graphics and game mechanics like it's from 1999."
76561198049026892,Not Recommended,217100,8653571,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Frogsword,"Dementium: The Ward provided a great survival-horror experience for the Nintendo DS, disempowering the player and forcing them to figure out how to move in the claustrophobic setting while trying to conserve ammo until absolutely necessary. Renegade Kid followed it up with a fantasic sequel that may not have been purely survival-horror, but found a great mix between action and horror elements with ambient spaces, creepy enemies, and a story which didn't come out and answer everything, letting the player be immeresed in the both the confusion and dreadful mystery of it all. It was by no means a spectacular game, but I was a fan of it despite the flaws. The HD port takes everything I loved about the DS version and throws it out the window. Where the gritty graphics complemented the DS's capabilities, the graphics for this game can hardly be considered HD. They look plasticy and the models can hardly look creepy when they look so clean and polished. The ambient music is gone to, some new tracks do add feeling to empty areas, but some area's music was swapped out for something that doesn't fit the mood. The combat has been scaled way back to the point of a boring chore. Where the DS weapons felt like they had weight and stopping power on the endless horde, the weapons in the PC version feel like you're shooting NERF darts at the enemies, and that's if you can hit them at all because the camera is so dang choppy when more than one enemiy come on screen. It's not my computer, I have a great computer. But looking around feels like the character has a mental problem. Also, there is a half second delay between clicking and using a weapon, which makes timing shots or swings at a fast enemy nearly impossible. The game also introduces a new enemy, an invincible snow ghost which rushes you out of an area, but they put them in the more atmospheric of areas and take away from exploration into just what is going on in the story. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET THE DS VERSION OF THIS GAME. it may not be perfect, but it is a masterpiece compared to this sorry excuse of a port."
,Not Recommended,217100,11340020,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,FaZzy,Trash.
,Not Recommended,217100,8587618,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Soixante,I found this game to be very buggy.
76561198047719882,Not Recommended,217100,8626885,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,DeeDoubleU,"This game is pretty bad if you compare it to other FPS titles of today.It is slow, controls is unresponsive, monsters are weird... C'mon, swarm of moth?Still struggling through, but it seems I wont finish it.Though, people who still watch horror movies from 80s might enjoy it. This game is similar kind of badness."
,Not Recommended,217100,8542592,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Saga,"This might be worth a look as a curiosity if you're a fan of the DS version, or if you can pick it up on the cheap in a Steam sale, or you REALLY just want something else vaguely horror themed.Otherwise this is an incredibly mediocre horror game that looks and plays like the last decade of shooters never happened. It's also over really quickly (although in this case that might be more of a blessing than a curse). There's far better indie horror games out there."
,Not Recommended,217100,9721751,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,"B B B  They're charging you 15 bucks for an unfinished, remade Nintendo DS horror game.r e e     It's not scary, and the combat feels very strange, clunky and floaty.o y l     You have to reset your controls quite often because even though they are set the gamek o i     doesn't register your inputs until you re-register.e n e    Random glitched barriers can halt progress, forcing you to load from a much earlier save.n d f     All of this said, it's still trashy fun.  Worth about a dollar maybe."
,Recommended,217100,8241525,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lord Nikon,"At this point I'm about 2/3 of the way through this and I have to say, I'm having  a pretty good time with it. Dementium II HD has a very 90s FPS feel to it. I'd describe it as Doom meets Silent Hill. On one hand you have the  FPS action of the classic Doom games, and on the other you have disturbing visuals in the likeness of the first Silent Hill.Graphically, it's not likely to win any awards. However, given that it was originally a Nintendo DS title, I'd say the developers did a pretty good job with it.The combat, at times, can be a bit repetitive. In many cases, you simply grab your shank and hack to your heart's content while circle strafing. There seems to be a decent enough enemy variety, though, to keep things flowing nicely. The bosses are gruesome looking. Absolutely disgusting. I've made my way through 3 of them and all 3 were a blast to hack, shoot, and smash to bloody bits.All in all, I'd say it's a pretty decent game for what it is. Certainly worth the $10 I paid for it. If a Doom/Silent Hill mix up seems like you're kind of thing, definitely give it a look."
,Not Recommended,217100,8354042,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Upy-Shoe,"Although a fantastic DS game, they did little to really convert its controls to PC.  An atempt at balacing what would of been better mouse control aiming to them is making all the enemys take an amazing abuse from bullets, rendering almost all the weapons pointless outside of the shiv. I'm not really sure /anyone/ should buy this version of the game, fan or not."
,Recommended,217100,27757106,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,comrade,"Sucks to say this game isn't as good as Dementium: The Ward or the original Dementium II. The bosses are nowhere near as difficult in the second one, and I'm hoping Memetic Games or better yet, Renegade Kid will recreate the original Dementium for PC.My main reasoning is because it isn't as scary; what made the original DS version scary is graphical limitations of the NDS, and not knowing what's around or near you, similar to the new Silent Hill complaints.Still worth picking up if you want a scary, cheap game.The game is easy to run, optimised, and was fun to play through again, I'll give this a positive review."
76561198019022165,Not Recommended,217100,13854880,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,PathOfPain,"Baaaaaad game! Very bad! Stay away. There are far better horror game out there and with better graphics. The graphics look close to Doom 1 and the first Wolfenstein game. Yeah, THAT bad.The fight control is pretty bad and as an horror game, its weak. There are no real prolog so you don't really care about your own self either. Not even intrigued.Bad story, bad graphics, bad horror =  no go."
76561197988137144,Not Recommended,217100,14219714,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Rion,Suffers from perspective issues controls feel like it was ripped from the ds version with no care to update them for pc. The guns are almost useless you can get by for the most part with a sledgehammer and a pistol except for bosses. you move like you are in tar and over all there is nothing special about this game it is average and just so if you really want to play it pick up the ds version a lot cheaper too or wait for a sale.
76561198118355028,Not Recommended,217100,17290279,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,sistemdown999,"Greetings,I love this comunity more then my self but why to offer game whit such bug I dont get it Game is great I love it old school  after I reach second chapter everything goes very wrong ..game constantly  turn me off.Finaly I succed to finish the game but in mean time I find another bug thatis directly conected whit achivment so kill 12 non -boss monser cant be dont no metter what I try ordo so finally I give up :/Not Recommended it will kill al your pleasure  :(Best Regards"
76561198044001085,Not Recommended,217100,17529546,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,sean77380,"I know you are curious about games like this, but realize it's comparable to the original Quake graphics, but nowhere near the gameplay. Old graphics, running through same levels pickling up pieces, easy fights, repetitive sounds and actions over and over again. For it's time- a long time ago- it was ok, but nowadays it's not worth the time."
,Recommended,217100,8200448,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Alexander452,"For a DS port, this game is pretty good."
,Recommended,217100,11617826,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,שלום,Boring but do whatever you want.
76561197963107509,Not Recommended,217100,10329539,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ElliPse,"I never played the original when it came out but I have to imagine that it could have been a good game many years ago, but now not so much.  Games like Silent Hill 2 are easy to come back to because they offer a unique atmosphere that stands the test of time but this one feels like it's been done a million times already so it doesn't even matter.  The game looks terrible, the enemies aren't scary and the combat is a downright hinderence to staying interested for more than 15 minutes at a time."
,Not Recommended,217100,13595119,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,farting and screaming,I don't know what I expected
,Not Recommended,217100,13116735,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Blanco Chupacabro,"bad graphics, effects, story, good attempt but there are many, many free mods out there made with higher quality and care than this. good if you like the cheesy '70sesque horror motif."
76561198137737580,Not Recommended,217100,10496772,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Taylor.Rossi,"Not very fun, story is mediocre at best. Also isn't scary at all."
76561198050172139,Not Recommended,217100,13636090,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Comfortably_Numb,"Quand tu penses que même à 2€ ce jeu est une arnaque, tout est dit !"
76561197972395045,Not Recommended,217100,13463023,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,kyouki shoji,"I was pretty excited to play this game even though it's just a port of an older NDS title. Considering it is a NDS port I can't complain about the graphics, I could look passed the clunky controls, but unfortunately I cannot recommend this game at this time due bugs/glitches. In the second chapter there appears to be a known game crashing issue that has not been fixed. I've read several other people posting that in the snowy area the game constantly crashes and from what I can gather there isn't a definitive solution to this issue. It is my assumption that this issue is unlikely to be fixed considering the last patch/update for the game came out almost a year ago (Jan 7, 2014)"
,Not Recommended,217100,12090688,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Veruca's Salty vag,This game was not worth the money I payed for it. I would not tell anyone to get it.
76561197961721811,Not Recommended,217100,14881384,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ns,Crashes to desktop when first outside going inside again.I tryed lower res & gfx and running as admin/disable steam overlay.allways crashes there :(
,Not Recommended,217100,15080240,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Djabardo,"Bought it cheap, still wasted money...Take that silly me"
76561198165306350,Not Recommended,217100,16642426,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Norteleks,The first one was so much better.This one makes me sad.
,Not Recommended,217100,12092831,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,PinkiePie,Pros:Awesome creature design.OK musicCons:Everything else.Should cost around 1-2£
,Not Recommended,217100,16668089,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Oni 鬼,"Really generic story lineTries too hard to be like Doom and Amnesia, fails at bothControlls feel clunky, especially switching bewteen weaponsThought it'd be fun for a few jumpscares but it's so lacking it atmosphere it's not even remolety scary. You know you're playing a bad horror game when you have to actively chase the first boss around the arena rather than run away from it. Got bored after half an hour. Honestly, unless you are absolutley desperate to play it, I wouldn't reccomend."
,Not Recommended,217100,8559259,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,gleb_vga,"Monotonous, linear, and absolutely non-scary. Want to fight hideous monsters and swim in thick FPS/horror atmosphere? Try classic DOOM"
76561198059309612,Not Recommended,217100,8641209,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Barnabis Bassil,I don't like it very much.
76561198034016322,Not Recommended,217100,8700614,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lejonet Fran Norden,Very low quality for a game. It's a DS port with no improvements other than graphics which is dissapointing
,Not Recommended,217100,8567026,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Viscacha,"Please save yourself the money, buy the actual DS version, not this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥A disgrace to Renegade Kid, the original developers, who I believe had no part in this remake.Controls are clunky, the graphics somehow look uglier, and the sound quality hasn't been improved at all."
76561198003313183,Not Recommended,217100,8576434,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,de_flanked,"Total rubbish, ffs"
,Not Recommended,217100,10537981,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ptkila,Horrível
,Not Recommended,217100,15472657,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Swole Uncle Grandpa,"I loved the series on the DS, which i only owned for pokemon or Mario Kart.So i though it would be great to get the HD version.♥♥♥♥♥♥gave me a virus... why DT why?Are you gonna infect my 3DS when i buy Dementium 1 HD?At lease when the 1stHD is release you can finally work on that 3rd game."
,Not Recommended,217100,8593316,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,striker,This is a complete waste of money the graphics that you see are all CG and it like steping back twenty year in gameing.do not buy this junk
,Not Recommended,217100,8221537,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,rankin,"Dementium II HD is definitely among the worst pieces of software which I have ever bought on steam. There are only a few games which made me wish there was refund system. You wake up in a mental hospital after a brain surgery. While you are trying to find out what has happened to you, you also attempt to remember why the heck you have bought the game. In the hospital you discover a lot of mustaches. Wait, what? Yes, right. Unfortunately Dementium II HD looks like a mediocre pre-2000 shooter (in HD!) and features horribly bad non-surround sound effects. This brilliant combination chokes off every piece of athmosphere. Enemies look like sketches from a psychopathic first-former and sound like someone emptying his bowels after 20 extra hot tacos. Sometimes I felt pity for them and ran away instead of killing them with one of the neat toy guns. The only class of enemies which made me feel a bit of discomfort is the warden. Imagine a hospital crawling with guards wearing all identical tremendous creepy mustaches, approaching you wagging their electric sticks on sight. Horrific.If you feel masochistic today and might consider buying this, let me quote the following meme: ""But wait, there's more!"" The gameply of DIIHD is awefully slow. Movement and weapon handling feel terribly sluggish. Additionally, the save point system is simply an impudence in a 2013 release. It even occured to me that on resuming a game I was put to the wrong save point, having to play through old parts again. Also, the developers take the ""HD"" pretty serious. They did not only put pre-2000 graphics in 1920x1080, they also made sure you do not use higher resolutions. If you dare to enable higher resolutions nonetheless, the HUD is rendered completely useless and several ""puzzles"" do not work anymore.My advice: If you feel the urge to try the game, at least play it on your DS. Maybe it's not as bad on thea small handheld device for which is was originally made."
,Not Recommended,217100,9276818,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,LOUD MOUTH LARRY,"DEAR GOD KILL THIS WITH FIREThis game, though a definitely exceptable gameboy game, did not transfer gracefully onto bigger platforms. First off, I spent about 15 minutes wrestling around with my key layout just to interact with something and once I got out of the crazy room where men chanted what sounded like ""broccoli broccolah"" into my goddamn ears for minutes on end, my eyes were assaulted with what could only be described as if the nightmare world from the Silent Hill series met the♥♥♥♥♥♥portals from Doom. Enemies ranged from uninteresting amalgamations of ""ooooh edgy surgical implants"" to complete BS, such as teleporting you into a room where you had to fight even more boring enemies. This in particular bothered me, as this was never scary nor challenging nor fun, just plain frustrating. Weapon progression was also extremely predictable, starting with a knife then going to a pistol then getting a shotgun etc. etc. The only reason this game is on here is to serve people nostalgia trips, but all it does for me is make me shudder at the thought of having to play this game on such a tiny screen, seeing as certain enemies, like the snow wraith, are practically invisible in their environments.2/10 could not finish."
,Not Recommended,217100,8724529,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,The Live Action Hamburglar,"I wanted to like this thing! I did! And I gave it a reasonable shot, I suspect. But honestly, it's just not that great.Conceptually, the game's fine. Action horror first-person, focus on melee, dealing with both real-world and gross-horror type monsters. All that should've been fine.The big problems are three-fold. First, combat is never particularly tense or challenging-with the exception of one or two points in chapter three (where you find some guys with guns), I was never in any real danger. Part of this is what I assume is a carryover from DS hardware: Only a few enemies appear on-screen at once. This results in combat-heavy rooms becoming a slog through groups of one or two enemies, who die to be immediately replaced by one or two identical enemies. Weapon damage seems seriously unbalanced, too-the knife and pistol seemed to offer considerably bigger damage then later, slower or more ammo-scarce items. If an enemy doesn't have a projectile, there's no reason not to just rush it and slice it up.Second, there's not much of any plot to speak of. The game hints around at a few things: Eldritch terrors set loose upon an asylum and village, the main character having some sort of tie to it, dark experiments happening, cults, presumed dead people still being alive somewhere-and then there's a ridiculous non-ending. It would have, in all seriousness, been better served with a ""congratulations!"" screen and the credits being the only thing following the final boss.Third, it's sorta buggy. I personally experienced: One cutscene crash-to-desktop, one bottomless void that cost me twenty minutes of backtracking from the last save when I accidentally brushed against a doorway, two achievements that did not unlock for killing the end boss (and several kill-X-monsters-with-this-weapon one that unlocked several kills later, or early in two cases), my gamepad vibrating after I turned that option off, the game not saving resolution or window/fullscreen preferences, and my first attempt at playing requiring a restart because the game decided against recognizing input from anything except basic movement.From what I've read, your mileage will vary in that third category (and at the time of this writing it still seems to be in the middle of getting cleaned up). Getting rid of that, though, it remains a game with tedious encounters and just enough minor plot references that it's honestly a bit infuriating when nothing comes of them. I found just enough to like that I didn't give up on it, but sad to say your time is just spent better elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,217100,8635969,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Raven Darkfur,"I've played the first game on NDS and I was pretty happy about that one, here however I lack a few things, v-sync that actually works, and a little better controls, for some reason they seem a bit laggy AND they ometimes don't respond or simply stop working, also the apply button seems pretty much useless since it only will work 50% of the timeI haven't played the 2nd part of the story but I hope the devolopers do something about the bugs, as  for the game recomendationno = NOT YET"
,Recommended,217100,12617839,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SiCxBigBoss,This is a fun game to play when bored. Was worth every cent.
76561198041832614,Not Recommended,217100,32350953,Posted: 11 June,all,🍀Edward 101™,"Get Doom3 instead, same price almost 10 years older, but three times better."
,Not Recommended,217100,12833248,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),Here's the first fifteen minutes of this game:You wake up in a prison cell inside of a mental treatment facility. You read a letter and then everything starts to get blurry. You wake up in a hellworld. Then you find a shiv. And then there's a monster. And then you run up to him and poke him with your shiv until he dies. Then you move onto the next one. And then there's a guard waiting for you when you get out of the hellworld and back into reality. You poke him with your shiv until he dies. Then there's two more guards. Poke poke poke. And then there's another room where you can't leave until you've poked all the monsters with your shiv until they have died. Poke poke poke poke poke poke poke poke pokep oke opoepopkp okpo jserokpfgd po;ji gerhoup dfbz0g8hu[xfng790g9fg-pogu980hgbRS{ Geyrpgiujgnesrgk .re lvdn gbij pmidzjhnjoM_ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGHG POKER OPR  PKPEROPK RE POREKOP R POEKR POEKR PROKER RPOEKR PRE PORKERPOI VP{KJWEOTKPO$t
76561198013758491,Not Recommended,217100,12618542,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,daskrieghuhn,"I will start by saying that this game did, at times, manage to be a little suspensful.  I will also say that the people who made this game have my respect for actually putting this out there.  With that out of the way; this game looks like it came out twelve years ago.  The sound is poorly done.  The gameplay is plodding, and the combat is  clunky.  The enemies are more annoying than scary.  The ""puzzles"" are either childishly easy, or can simply be clicked around until solved at random.In some ways this game calls to mind Ed Wood.  Someone with no storytelling talent, directoral ability, or artistic vision who nevertheless managed to make some absolutely terrible movies that people still watch.So, is this game bad?  Yes.  Is it Hilariously bad?  Also yes.  Do I recommend you play it?  Well, if you like awful movies, maybe give it a shot."
,Recommended,217100,12588428,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Devilbaroque,"I try first to the second original game in nds-i  a little change in graphics and this and that.. still. Not the best game if you try to  compared to the actual ones. But, you get what you paid for, give it a change."
,Not Recommended,217100,10003106,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Salty Juniper,"Not only is this game not scary, it's not even fun.The combat quickly becomes repetitive. I even caught myself falling asleep while playing this once.Your money is better spent somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,217100,9600748,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,blogsg1,wow this game is awful anyone would think that this is a mobile phone game and if it is then why is it on pc? i have seen better phone port animations are terrible controls awkward hd but no hd textures wtf!. don't buy there are better ways to spend your money like buying a real game.
,Not Recommended,217100,10327554,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"game is total crap, definitely not HD. any average pc horror game is better than this nintendo ds port."
76561198118522070,Recommended,217100,12749249,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nugget King,"this game is gonna be a fantastic game once it is finished. the game runs smothly at times, the frame rate drops abit when there is an enemie nere by and when in combat, but that can easily be dissmised but once it hits the first boss it is quite clunky and laggy but i got passed it after many trys. the graphics are brilliant for a ds port, lots of options to suit your pc.the game also has a brilliant sound track to set the mood of the game.once it is finished this game is gonna be awesome so i would get it if i was YOU."
,Not Recommended,217100,18080536,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Dante574,"I've played the first one on the Nintendo DS, gave me a scare for gfameplay and all, so when i saw this game on sale i gave it a shot.Playing it for a while, I gotten lost for a while, got very repetitive with the enemies making it difficult to kill, epecially using a gun, story wise is creative picking up after William has his brain surgery and confromting his choices of murdering his wife is now up in some whacky assylum/prison hell of nightmare.Long story short I would not recommend playing this game, if it is on sale and you wanna try it go for it but just be thankful there are steam refunds."
,Not Recommended,217100,14100134,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[JAX] Scarecrow [JAX],"Repeated Sound Effects, Storyline wasn't grabbing me at all, Enemies weren't fun to defeat it felt like more of a chore instead of rewarding.It's sad to think games like this actually got an official retail release on the Nintendo DS & PCYet Outlast is only Digital.""Improved sound quality?"" well if you like hearing the same spanish giberish repeated OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER Again then this game is perfect for you."
76561198052373347,Not Recommended,217100,17528093,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Monkeyofthefamily,"First let me start by saying I haven't beaten the game. I'm a huge fan of Horror Games and my favorite is Condemned: Criminal Origins. I haven't found one that scares me the way Condemned did when I was 12. Imagine my excitement when I'm told by a friend that this game is a million times better than Condemned. I mean I bought this at full price. Without even checking the reviews.I was excited!Well apparently it didn't run on my old hand-me-down 16-bit windows 95 eMachine from my grandparents. So I had to wait. I built up in my head what this game would be and I waited and waited until I built my own computer that is, well not perfect, but the best I can afford at $10/hour. I nearly forgot about this game, but last night during a fit of insomnia I stumbled across it and decided it was time. After so long it was like a sign from God, this game is...TERRIBLE!Pro's:The graphics can be passible on the highest settings. Plus the game definatly leaves you feeling insane because you're still bothering to play it.Con's:The music makes you want to drive a nail through your skull because its the same five mother-loving notes on an eternal loop that sound like they've been ripped from a $1-store Halloween CD.The story is lack luster.The voice overs are so terrible that I feel like not even Satan himself speaking russian backwards could make it creepy."
76561198048295196,Recommended,217100,33083368,Posted: 1 July,all,Coral [BDay in 7 Days],"Despite the constant problems this game has, it's not all that bad, especially a game that was originally on the nintendo DS of all things. Sure, the story could be better and everything could be animated to be a bit smoother, but I didn't mind it... Of course, the ending sucked as all of heck...Nontheless, I'm not gonna force you to buy the game. I'm just slightly recommending it.6.1/10, Good game, but could be better"
76561198340727631,Recommended,217100,32695936,Posted: 23 June,all,swagboss227,good game i like dementium 1 to was scary for a nintendo ds game
,Not Recommended,217100,18100330,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,TheTurkishMoose,Nothing speacial
76561198191420253,Not Recommended,217100,19907979,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CarloDio,"Don´t buy it, seriusly, it doesn´t worth the time you waste playing it. Basically the people who did it didn´t care a♥♥♥♥♥♥about doing it well, they just wanted to exploid the name of a good DS game."
,Recommended,217100,12637333,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[Vox2]Quakeman,"Quick things to say.-Its a DS Port to PC, I understands its not PC standards.-Graphics are not amazing are on par with the 2013 crowd.-Controls can be clunky and odd for Keboard and Gamepad.-Not much options for People who have much more insane modern monitors.That out of the way I want to say a few things. IN My perspective this game was amazing when I got it on Release back in 2010 on the Nintendo DS. The first game Dementium: The Ward was surprising at the time being that not many FPS were on the DS NOR Was Rated M like games like this. There was much you could do with a engine like on the hardware of the DS but what they did do was amazing and set up a very impressive atmsophere At the time it was release.the Same latter was with this game. Regardless if it was 10 or the sale 1 dollar. I will say straight This MAY NOT INTEREST YOU AT ALL. I understand most of you will be turned away by the graphics, PC standards, crashing (which has not happen to me as of now) or complaining that killing a monster with a knife is a terrible way to start a horror game. The game is fine. To me you will have a nice experience depending on how you take it in.Controls are clunky and feel like you take a Extra step when holding your moving down. Mouse Sense feel very odd at times with no numbers representing the section. and Granted Tediaces movement that is REALLY straight forward but I will say that if you havent played the first Dementium, that was even more so. Especially when it was easy to cheat the game once you know a passcode to a power sniper.It works its nice, I was not expecting it at all. However I honestly wish they wouldh ave Redone the first and second game to make a more immersive experience and a better story telling of whats going on between the two. Besides that It may not be a game you would love but just like some games. You Dont Have to like them all. If you feel its worth it regardless, then go for it. but for most people who play Counter Strike, or Dota 2. I will say this is not a game you would like and more so complain how its the worst on steam etc, etc, etc."
,Not Recommended,217100,13987190,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Lubo,"Glitchy controls that had to be re-binded a fair bit, glitched achievments that won't unlock and game breaking bugs all in under the first twenty minutes. No"
,Not Recommended,217100,14478578,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ThoRCX,"The game was 90% off during the sales and I still regret buying it. It's THAT bad.Honestly, I was surprised because I read many positive comments about this game. I knew it was one of the most famous survival-horror on the Nintendo DS. Well maybe it is a good game on DS. But on PC, this is really bad.The gameplay itself lacks any feelings or originality. The combat is very repetitive, and I was never really amused or being scared.The graphics are horrible. I know it was originally a DS game, but right now it is a ""HD"" PC game (look at the title) sold for 10 bucks. Even Half-Life 1 in 1998 still looks better. It's not just about the technical aspect, even the art direction is bad. All the environments feel extremely empty, the lighting is ugly, the animations are laughable.All the sound effects are very cheap. I especially like the combat music : it's a 3 seconds loop!! I'm not joking. 3 seconds. Even on the NES, there were many games with longer loops.Also this PC port is full of bugs. Just take a look on the online complaints.This game kinda reminds me of Cry of Fear. But CoF was infinitely better, and it was free."
,Not Recommended,217100,28551075,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Agent BLU,"You know you could really get some real, and I mean real mental sickness from this game due to the horrible voice acting, visuals, clinky movement controls and just general gameplay as a whole.   First boss fight was a no brainer.  the knife will save you more times than the handgun will.    Plus this game is a port from the Nintendo DS.I'd rather play SCP Containment Breach over this nonsense any damn day of the year."
76561198056842200,Recommended,217100,29924085,Posted: 14 February,all,Nekouda,i cirtainly think this is a well made horror indie title from what ive seen so far
76561198055646784,Recommended,217100,29326944,Posted: 17 January,all,Mr.Putrid,I actually really enjoyed the feel of this game. The altered state mechanic was a really cool touch too.
,Recommended,217100,23313793,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,- Silly -,it was better on the DS but it was ok
,Recommended,217100,12794218,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Class F Inquisition,"Technical difficulty solutions first, game review second.Let me begin by saying I had problems running this game on windows 7. It continually crashed upon starting until I went into the computer folder for this game, checked properties, & found it was 'set' to run on windows XP, changed that to windows 7 & now game starts fine.Another problem that needs fixing every time you start the game is video resolution from options menu. I set mine to 1280x720 because it fits screen, be mindful that certain resolutions cut out images/text, you know your res is right when you can read the full text [Reset to Default] instead of seeing [et to Defa].Last problem before I address gameplay, playing in fullscreen, it works great in-game after turning it on...until you turn game off & return to play later -it goes back to windowed mode. Go to options, you'll find fullscreen mode IS SELECTED & the [Apply] button is not visible, don't panic. Change the resolution in order to make the [Apply] button appear & set fullscreen, then change res to reapply desired res.Review:Gameplay:4/10Controls:9/10Visual:5/10Audio:8/10Gameplay: I own 'Dementium: The Ward' for DS from which this game is a sequel. That said, the enemies are similar & equally aggressive for your blood, they will lock you in rooms at times and force you to fight wave after wave until victory or death. Half of the puzzles you have to find clues to solve, the other half are too easy. The game is also very short compared to the DS version.Controls: They made the controls very proper for a FPS, hotkeys for all your weapons, looking at map pauses game, you can remap the keys to your liking. Only thing i didn't like was the lack of hotkey for health items.Visual: I rated this low because the game has HD in it's name & the only times this quality ever occurs is during cutscenes. Otherwise the game has a creepy appearance of sanity twisting, blood covered iron in between lucid moments of roaming a prison for the criminally insane. Aside from that, if an enemy is visually reeling from a bullet you just put into it & you shoot it again, it will occasionally pass through to the wall.Audio: I enjoyed the music and sound effects as they are straight out of the DS version I know so well. The worms still squeel, the bonesaw still has that satifying grate, & the dissembodied heads still scream in anguish just like they always do. That said, the main character never speaks, & the main villian never shows any emotion after revealing his true colors. Sad really, I wanted to hear his triumph, his fustration, his fear...or at least throw me a maniacle laugh, SOMETHING!I would recommend this game if you like horror shooting games & catch it on sale like I did, or if you've played Dementium: The Ward (not required to enjoy though)"
,Recommended,217100,13173815,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,"<""Lt.Giuberia"">",This is just a HD version of the DS version with KB-Mouse controls. Totally worth buying.
76561197999259229,Recommended,217100,13258758,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Labyrinth2 0,"A alright game coming originally from the Nintendo DS.  As a port itself, the game gives a creepy atmosphere of what you expect from any horror asylum theme; not to mention for a low price and trading card set.I do have to admit that the game can be slow at times in terms of running speed as well as questionable weapon damage from common enemies to bosses, but other than that, great game!As my first Perfect game with all achievemnts, 8.5/10!"
,Recommended,217100,11721021,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Xsurfer,"Not terrible. The saving grace for this game is the easy fight mechanics, and the creepy crawly story that feels fresher than I expected it to.  The game sound hardly puts out stereo which I found really strange. if you are going to update the look, you should make sure the sound is a match at least.I may go back to this game though as it loads quickly, and saves often enough to let you jump in, and out anytime. Which in this age where we all have 50+ games at our fingertips to load up and play; makes all the difference in whether we will play them again or just be happy with the hour or two we get from them for the dollar or two we spent."
,Recommended,217100,14761299,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,-/H•R\- Subject_Delta,"I love this DS to PC transition. I no longer own a DS, so now I can play one of my favorite games from the comfort of my laptop. It's not good, or scary, but it is fun."
,Recommended,217100,14485938,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hactavish,"i bought it when it was $0.99 and finish it in 4-5 hours but i can't figure out where the nail gun is. i love the creepy annoying monsters design and the creepy voices. the DS version is much darker and smooter. i hate frame rate drop in this HD version. and i think Dementium franchise is one of the best horror game and i hope they make the sequel, but this HD version is just weird so i suggest you get the DS version."
,Recommended,217100,13984654,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Soul,nice :D
,Recommended,217100,17039748,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Lukas,This game is pretty good concidering were it came from.I Love the old school horror feel!decent game worth the price.
76561198084214360,Recommended,217100,17041386,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,sexbad,"The pros and cons of Dementium II HD with detailed story/lacking/ Story: Mental paitent goes to ward, ward does brain surgery, brain is super brain and unleashes spooky things, survive.PROSThis is a great port considering it's from the Nintendo DSSmooth gameplayThis isn't really a scary game but more of just a dark/creepy exploration game (which is good!!)Combat and boss fights are generally smooth and funFun puzzles without game ruining difficulties!Seriously, the adventure is so fun, I love the explorationCONSStill generally misleading contentGetting lost/not knowing what to do can happen frequentlySome simple enemies are difficultLacking storySomewhat of an eye sore graphicallyOVERALL GRADE8/10Horror games don't have to scare you to be good, sometimes it's better to explore the spooks than them be thrown at you."
76561198257462167,Recommended,217100,19450952,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,hartofadyingsoul,"This game is a port up from the nintendo DS. It was one of the few true horror games for the DS. The graphics are more or less PS 2 era looking stuff, and some gun machanix can be problemmatic with a controller but less probs on a mouse. After playing this on a tiny DS screen I can tell you it is much more satisfiying on a computer screen. There are some moments in the game are actually startling and inovative. All in it is a decent indy game that takes some elements of the old school Quake type games and blends them with a Silenthill-like creepiness."
,Recommended,217100,11854831,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Chongo,"Not perfect but better than the norm of find 8 pages and run.I would have liked it more if the game was longer and maybe a little more wepon variety, mostly I just used the knife and it got me through the game.I'de pay for a Dementium III but only if it were truely polished from what was layed down here.$10? Only if you really like the visuals.Otherwise wait for a sale and 3 hours of free time."
,Recommended,217100,11561553,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,wybejanssen,"Even though there were some issues, I really enjoyed playing this game :)"
,Recommended,217100,11674641,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,SlendiePie,Dementium II HD : Ok so a lot of people give bad reviews of the game but if you are thinking about buying that game you have to be sure of some points :*Dementium II HD is only a HD version of the game any story or containment will change keep away from that on your mind*The game was made actually for nintendo DS in 2010 so as you can imagin the graphics weren't such a big deal*The game is actually really scary and the enemies are scary aswell and pretty creepy even that they still suffer a bit of pixelism disease*The game is HD but don't expect good graphics has in good games they wanted to keep it classic to don't change the game that muchSo since now you know the game details see if you actually want to buy it I bought it and I don't regret since I didn't knew the dementium sagaIf you already own the game on your nintendo I guess you shouldn't buy the game unless if you want to play it on your pc but you will play the exact same game that you have for nintendo the only diffrence is that you will have a mouse and keyboard
76561198074589722,Recommended,217100,12671516,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Rodillas Flectadas,"Dementium II HD (?)So, this is my very first review but I am not here to write about my experience, I am here to talk about the game itself.It's kind of unfair  misjudging the game by its reviews, you need to play it in order to know.Basically, recommendations are based in gameplay, game experience, replay value and this time I am going to consider the price, so lets start.In the title I wrote (?). The game has 720/1080 etc, but graphics are really bad, overall a good job considering that it is just a port from NDS and we all know that graphics are a plus, good games not necessary come with good graphics.It does not have replay value, since you are just going to finish the game once, probably twice and that's all.Bugs are not going to have major impact in the gameplay,you can finish the game without problems. It took me 5 hours to finish the game, I bought it with 90% off... so yeah, it was worth it.I strongly recommend the game. Plot is nothing special, enemies are tough enough,stages are amazingand bosses are just fine but try to get it with discount.The game its overpriced, but if you can afford it and you don't mind to spend 10 bucks in a really short game that should be cheaper, go ahead."
,Recommended,217100,24437223,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,『Σтεяиιтч』,Mmm Hmm
76561198056592602,Not Recommended,217100,20849304,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Splasher,JUST....NO!!!!!!!!
76561198049258095,Not Recommended,217100,21471271,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,武森武士さま,"alright... i should have listened to the warnings... i dont even think this game is worth it even if it was 1 cent. HD? duke nukem forever is more ""HD"" than this. hell its more challenging than this and even that game was a questionable purchase.moral of the story: i should have listened.... but i didnt... and now its happening"
,Not Recommended,217100,24332421,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DogFoodFactory,"I never did finish this game. This game was originally designed for the Nintendo DS, which I have never owned. I played a lot of Dementium: The Ward for the original DS when I was a youngster, which scared the literal♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. When I first heard about this, I was extremely excited, but severely disappointed since it was only for the DS at the time, which I wasn't about to go out and buy. But once I heard about a PC port, there was no way I wasn't going to jump on board.The game is a decent port, runs well and looks good for what it is and what it came from. But because of where it came from, it is really lacking in the scary department. The lighting and atmosphere is not ideal for a survival-horror title, and because of the 3DS port, everything has a very cartoony look to it. Everything more or less just looks generally outdated and ♥♥♥♥♥♥, graphics wise.Now I could try to comment on the story of this game, but there's really not that much to say. It's actually been a long while since I've played it, and frankly, it really wasn't all that memorable anyway.Because of my ties to Dementium: The Ward--which f*ckin' nailed it--I really wish I could recommend this game, but I can't. However, if you've got, like, 6 bucks sitting around and want to do something with it besides holding it to an open flame, I suppose buy this."
,Not Recommended,217100,12510956,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Tato,NO
,Recommended,217100,8116412,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,*stubbZ.ಠ_ಠ,Mad game been waiting to play it for months its well worht the wait
76561198044223878,Recommended,217100,8586658,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Doity Toilot,"I prefer older-school FPS horror games myself. Dementium II feels like aged FPS horror games like the Suffering, although I wouldn't compare the two. Virtually no jump-scares here. Rather, the game plays like a haunted house, with spooky ambience and a handful of creepy enemies. Lots of blood on the floor and dead bodies.I liked the atmosphere of the game. The environments were very old-school in design. The sound design was what creeped me out the most. All of the monsters / enemies are very disturbing, mostly due to their sfx. The first two bosses had very unsettling sound effects which made the fights pretty intense. Heavy, spooky ambient noises permeate the game and provide some sense of dread. The background music is also very old-school, like Resident Evil 2.The developers threw in a slight potential for backtracking / exploring to find better weapons, secret areas etc. so there is that.However, there were a lot of things about this game that really disappointed me. The weapons system is weird; apparently an early-game enemy can take 4 shotgun blasts without going down but a mere prison shank can dispatch it in a couple of seconds. There is not enough ammo in the game to truly enjoy shooting higher-level weapons like the machine gun. Most of the boss fights I ended up just using the shank to beat them. Also, there is a major weapon that the main character assembles over the course of the game, and when it's complete, it doesn't do anything special (from what I could tell). However, whomping monsters with your sledgehammer is quite satisfying.The enemy AI is wonky and you shouldn't expect to fight more than 3 enemies at a time. When you kill them, a new wave of baddies will spawn. Rinse, repeat. Not very challenging there.But I guess my biggest complaint is that there is a complete lack of coherent story, the ending sucked and the game was too short (I took my time and beat it in 6 hours). I know nothing about the main character or what's going on.So in conclusion, yes I do recommend this game, but really only if you're a young gamer with little experience playing horror games. Try it out if you're looking for a quick classic horror game fix."
,Recommended,217100,8585551,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Resilience,"I have completed Dementuim: The Ward and now this. Truly amazing horror game and a must get! In my opinion Dementuim: The Ward has more of a scarier vibe, but this one has a much wider range of enemies but still is quite scary. I love the designs on the bosses and even the enemies, they were really creative. So this is a must get for all puzzle/adventure/horror game fans. Great job i hope to see a remake of the first game or a third Dementuim, great job!"
,Recommended,217100,12602048,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Chef Excellence,"What a great little game! One drunken night in the Wagon & Horses in Hemel Hempstead, Half Life 2 chatted up Killing floor....Couple of Snake bites and Gordon is anyones....Anyway 9 months later they had a son..Dementium 2 they called him..Gordon Freeman wanted to call him Leeroy Twizzlers, but he would have been bullied at school.. What a mad mix of those great games! Great monsters and I had to shank the first boss!! for 69 of your Great British pence, BUY IT!! That's cheaper than pickled onion Monster Munch..You will have more fun and less smelly fingers!"
,Recommended,217100,12944524,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tidreit,"The game is rather horrid on the controls, but the story is kinda interesting."
76561198119481104,Not Recommended,217100,9226262,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,DoubleEman18,unrealistic and unfun.
76561197984344255,Not Recommended,217100,9536422,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Sisterfister,Worst game i ever played horrible horrible garbage trash no redemaing qualitys ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ the developers gtfo my intertubz♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,217100,8572708,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,RoRo1980,"i was one of the people who pre-ordered this game , i love scary games and i heard so much about this game on the nintendo ds , the price was reasonable and i could easily see from the screenshots that the ''HD'' part was true , i waited a whole month for release , counting the days and then i played it.Boy , i wasn't dissapointed , what it lacks from jump-scares it easily justify with mood and the downright grotesque , the enemies are varied , the animation smooth , the story is fresh and the atmosphere is so tense.shades of KING'S FIELD and SHADOW TOWER are in it and that is one thing i loved.the game is a bit short and the last level is just cannon fodder of enemies and some tricky jumps but otherwise , the game rocks and i recomment any fan of the macabre to check it out and it is reasonably priced.i give it a solid 8/10 and i hope to see more of the series."
76561198116683311,Recommended,217100,8116674,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WATTBA,i mean what can i say ? it's great game for the people who love shooting and horror at the same time graphics are ok not that bad also i DARE YOU to play this game with headphone and with no light in the room xD
,Recommended,217100,8554547,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Incia,"Pretty decent FPS game, not that scary and the fighting becomes repetitive, however the puzzles and boss fights are pretty fun and the sounds are great. It's also a Nintendo DS port which explains the graphics a lot."
,Recommended,217100,9332866,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,striker0197,This is a good game! Im surprised at the graphics!  Very well converted from DS to PC. Very well done!  *I clap my hands for u creaters*.
,Recommended,217100,9370400,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Lolfy Boy,"a DS game in HD on the PC? and heres my Review but first...I have no clue why meta critic gave it a 37 first of all they must have been smoking crack or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at their girl friend/mom this game was freaking awesome even on the DS, now on the PC its still awesome!!!Pros:  HD GraphicsExcellent StoryDisturbing/scary enemiesCons: Jump Weirdslight delay firing a weapon (The Revolver)Over all the game is pretty good in my opinion so realistically i give it a 8.5/10Side notes they need to release the first game on PC as well"
76561198020123928,Not Recommended,217100,12744042,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Abbott,I am sure that you have a better game to spend money on
,Not Recommended,217100,28441959,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BWGmacATTACK,"Recommendation: An Absolute No.Pro: Cover art is cool.Con: Everything else. It tries to be a Silent Hill rip, but fails at that as well as being something a solid IP on it's over.Overall: Even though it was .49 cents, it wasn't worth it!"
76561198120815879,Recommended,217100,12062147,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Pvt. Nelson,Yeah! This is a freakin' bad game.......but I give it 10/10 because this game.....foil cards is so expensiveI just buy this game for 1.99  But I got 5 dollars back from selling this game foil card
76561198214152335,Not Recommended,217100,18244735,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Coach,"This game was first released for the DS and let me be one of the many to say it should have stayed that way. Being a lover of the Dementium series I can tell you this game is a huge let down. This ""HD"" version took the wonderful soundtrack from the DS version and integrated it in almost no way at all. The relief of finally making into a safe room and hearing that tune was great. This game leaves you with little to no music at all and less sound effects than the DS version making the gameplay feel very shallow and boring. The gameplay mechanics are almost pointless aimlessly swinging a weapon around in the air praying just maybe you will hit a single enemy. Dont even get me started with the guns. The DS version had fairly well gunshot sounds and animations while this game leaves you all excited when you find your first gun thinking ""oh boy I cant wait to shoot this I bet its gonna be awesome im gonna make sure I only use it when I have to"" then at one point when you pull the trigger your going to realize that the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sound you just heard was your 4-inch python revolver sounding more worthless than a sweat shop worker with no hands. Although the graphics had some adjustment and lighting effects the game is not nearly as pretty as it could be. When I started the game it said the graphics were set to beautiful so I maxed it out and it told me they were ""great"" well let me tell you there ""great"" and my great are two different things because the highest setting still looks like someone stacked♥♥♥♥♥♥in a toilet with 10 other people and this was the outcome. I want to love the game or even like it I really do being a lover of the 1st and 2nd game completing the 2nd at least 30 times. But let me tell you there is nothing to look forward to here. Even a hardcore fan like me who wants to find someway to enjoy this game cant. I highly reccomend if you even think about buying this game you make sure its on sale like I did for $1. I know its asking for a little to much even then but just believe me. To sum this all up the games graphics instead of HD are more like DH whatever the hell that could mean, any two really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ words you can put together starting with a D and an H. The gameplay is very choppy and iffy, and the sound effects along with audio are non-existant if not down right terrible."
,Not Recommended,217100,17640732,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,k.,This game is definitley not worth the money.
76561198155378599,Not Recommended,217100,20942489,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,FlacidSnake,"I feel like this game was made by a bunch of amateurs on the unity engine (I have nothing against Unity, it's a great engine if used well but you know what I mean) I am unable to finish the game due to the dagger door glitch (a known glitch that still isn't fixed, and probably never will be). It's the first time I am unable to finish a game because of such a stupid glitch.About the game itself: You play as a guy who has ♥♥♥♥♥♥s when looking at red mirrors. Perhaps that's the reason he ended up in an asylum. As you progress you'll encounter annoying and terribly designed monsters (they somehow managed to make them less scary than their DS counterpart...). Fighting them isn't fun nor scary. All you have to do is to hit them while walking backwards, this way they'll never be able to hit you unless they somehow manage to corner you. The game atmosphere is boring and bland and every room feels empty. The original game was great but this port is just terrible."
76561198075363227,Recommended,217100,8690006,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,BurrDaddy,"This is a rare tresure that I am sure others will enjoy. This game somehow combines a decent story, great gameplay, and nice clean graphics. The story is very, well, Lovecraft fashion of your character being in a hospital, which was previously a prison, which was previousl an asylum. The scares in this game have a very wide variety anything from jump to disturbing scares are seen. However you ALWAYS feel uncomfortable, which is good. combat is well balanced and there is no shortage of ammo if your careful. You are not trying so hard to find a specific item, they are displayed so that you WILL see them, and very smooth gameplay. All around this is a game that really needs praising, a rare tresure amoung horror games that apeals to all them fans of all diffrent kinds of scares. ENJOY!"
,Recommended,217100,10192146,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Barohen@ home,"Dementium 2 is a good game for anyone unfamiliar or just starting out with survival horror games, the game encourages exploration in order to progress with light puzzles that shouldnt daunt even the most casual player, some awkward stiff controls can be bothersome but not to the point of ruin baring in mind this is a DS PORT. some genuinly disturbing images and grotesque scenery will hit home with fans of the silent hill franchise, please try this game."
,Recommended,217100,8856266,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,squint,"A good port of an underrated game. It is a little on the short side, though, clocking in at a little over 3 hours. The weapons are a bit shaky and glitchy when firing, but overall, it's a good game."
,Recommended,217100,12782323,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,RockoQC,"If like me you've played Dementium II on the Nintendo DS a few years back and liked it, be advised: this is EXACTLY the same game and same feel you'll get playing this HD version on PC. Although graphics are not that good by today's standards (polygons count is low and textures are a bit bland), I assume they may have been left ''simple'' on purpose, as to not stray too far from the DS version yet feel more polished. Controls are floaty and hit detection is not perfect (although ennemies will turn red to indicate they're taking damages). Difference between walking and running is hard to notice but is nonetheless needed at some points in the game. In the end, since I haven't finished the game at the time, I'm glad I picked it up on sale for $ 1.00. Would not have paid 10 bucks for it. Also, french being my primary language, I can't say I was too impressed with the translation, so I can imagine other languages included in the game must have typos or syntax errors as well.BUY IF:-you liked the DS version and want to experience it again on a bigger screen with higher def and better textures.-it's on sale for $ 5.00 or less (as a bonus....piece of advice...)DON'T BUY IF:-you expect a rehashed version of the game with crisp graphics and revamped gameplay-you never played a DS game in your life and hope this game is a worthy contender in the FPS horror genre (the first F.E.A.R game does a better job at it and cost around the same.)"
76561198168471865,Recommended,217100,14740009,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,heiße Mädchen Deutsch,horrorable
,Not Recommended,217100,13153967,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dranged,"Not the worst game I have ever played. But hardly a recommendation I wish they had a neutral recommendation button.But the best way to describe this game would be, if resident evil was created on a $15 budget.All in all not a terrible game. If you find it on a sale for -75% like I did I'd recommend grabbing it. But at $10 I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,217100,13086154,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Irvy,DON'T play it if you haven't played the Nintendo DS one.
76561198054535634,Recommended,217100,13774574,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Morehumanheart,"For a horror game, this wasn't all that scary. Kinda creepy yes but nothing horrifying. Boss battles were all different and pretty fun. Gameplay was good, no complaints, although I wish it was a longer game.6/10 Annoying flying heads everywhere..."
,Recommended,217100,17729179,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,zikesok lord,must play♥♥♥♥♥♥in you pants and cry in fear type of gameplay
,Recommended,217100,18296273,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,mtc149,this game was not as good as when it originally was on the Ds however I still enjoyed it.Also unlike a couple of people I  didn't see or feel much stiffness of the controls or the movement of the character.
,Recommended,217100,19459395,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Leviathon,It's not bad but not excellent.Pick it during the sales if interested
,Recommended,217100,20196682,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,it was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥on DS so why the ♥♥♥♥ did I think it would be good on PC
,Recommended,217100,9590966,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,DJ McSpooky |SE|,"Fun yes, but buggy as hell. They didnt seem to bang out all the kinks with freezing/crashing. Fun otherwise. Play at your own risk."
76561198130703873,Recommended,217100,9630046,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Blue Dog,when i herd dementuim 2 was coming to pc i got really exited after months i got to play it ad thankfly it worked on my coumputer it is a big improvment to the ds version i recemend it if you want a nice simple game and our just looking for a improvement on the ds verson the only bad thing is theirs no survial mode and i hope it comes in a update i think metric games did a great job porting the game to pc
,Recommended,217100,10374465,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,FrameRater,"I think Dementium II HD for PC is really just defined by your tolerance for good games with bad ports.A lot more work could have been put into this game, undoubtedly, but I won't question the developers decision.The game has flaws, for sure, even some flaws from the original game, but if you're like me and love feeling like you're taking part of a B-Movie experience, you won't even notice the flaws some would call obvious.There are a few things however that I cannot excuse. First of all being the weapon animations. Choppy and ugly, just wow...Second of all, the game looks dated but still has framerate issues, I feel like that shouldn't have been too hard to fix. Third of all, some of the voice clips are obviously rewritten from the DS format. They sound like an upgraded Intellivision voice synthesizer. Honestly, a few of the outdated sound clips make the game even more freaky, like the crazed prisoners yelling in other languages. The blank and dark feel to them actually boosts up the ambiance.You might actually be better off getting a DS emulator to emulate the game on your PC, since the game is actually loads better for the DS (even visually in some aspects). The upgraded PC version actually brings some new flaws to the game, but for me, I'll just let them pass, and enjoy the game, because that's what it was made for.This game is sincerely a ""take it or leave it"" opportunity. Pass it up or take a look, you won't regret it but you won't care either."
,Recommended,217100,10500626,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,PapaTrunks,its a great horror game. alots a fun to.
,Recommended,217100,9804891,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,jojos B O N E L E S S adventure,This game is a good game.
,Recommended,217100,10342762,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,snot,its better left on DS
76561197973481972,Recommended,217100,10416279,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,JoeDjN,Despite the game's flaws I really enjoyed the time I spent with it. It reminded me of System Shock / Half life 1 with a touch of Metroid. Recommended in particular for fans of quake 1 & 2
76561198058330959,Recommended,217100,10373342,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Freaxx99,"Love the suspense, reminds me of Dementium: The Ward on DS, graphics are ok but the story is quite compelling"
,Recommended,217100,15019085,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"Calling this horror game bad would be totally unfair. Sure, it's poor in some aspects, but overall experience is quite thrilling for the project of that sort.It also should be noted, that this game successfully represents trash genre in games and should be treated accordingly."
,Recommended,217100,15051999,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,inDe_eD,"Wanted to get this game on my DS when I was younger, but couldn't. I bought it on PC, barely wanting to purchase it, because a DS to PC port could be pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up. But it wasn't that bad."
76561198286846583,Not Recommended,217100,21675939,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tc136614,Not very good.....
76561198109368178,Not Recommended,217100,20657459,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,shenzeeb,this garbage is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible.  I want a refund!
,Recommended,217100,28165192,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Charlie Hitler,So boring i feel so bad for this game.whatever it's a good game by the ways.Horror 10/10Gameplay 5/10Boring 10/10
,Not Recommended,217100,24288068,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ryalb,This game gave me dementia due to the blunt force trauma I gave myself after experiencing it. Who's idea was it to port a DS game to PC? ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,217100,8109776,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Guanjyn,There are some games on DS that are awesome and should be ported to PC. This is not one of them.
,Not Recommended,217100,8552515,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,XzloRe,The Game is just pitch black i cant even see the main menu What the hell when is there an update i demand an patch
,Not Recommended,217100,8082176,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,IceDoesnthelp,"Crashes since I started this review: 1Bugs I've run into:1. Music stops playing/doesn't play when its suppose to2. Enemies bigger than they should be? I'm pretty sure the secruity guards aren't suppose to be taller than me.If you're looking for a game with tons of settings, this is not the game for you.The settings are very minimal, and there is NO FOV slider. So you have to deal with what you got.Graphical settings range from literally, Fast - FantasticYou can't turn off any graphical settings, nor really change much.The sound is either straight from the DS version, or barely changed.The music is great, but the voices are really bad. (EDIT: In cutscenes the voice acting is fine)The graphics are what to be expected from a DS uport, not great, but good enough, and it deosn't hurt the eyes, nor is it a crime.I actually need to congraulate the team on using some pretty high res textures it looks good.The human animations are very, very stiff.Another thing to note is that according to Windows Task Manager, we are playing the Beta version of this.Transition from CG to gameplay is done pretty poorly.Game controls okay, feels stiff and the crouching and walking to creep around corners thing feels werid. DEVELOPER SUGGESTION: Make it so we can press Q/E to look around corners instead of this weird I need to♥♥♥♥♥♥lets waddle in odd directions thing.Pressing right click to pick up and open things is one of the weirdest pick up buttons I've seen. Luckily you can change the keyboard inputs.So far I really like the atmosphere and the story actually isn't to shabby.Unfortunatley, even though I was excited for this, I just can't recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,217100,8282938,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Illiasocity,Not worth it at all. Avoid at all costs
,Not Recommended,217100,8125853,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BattleSnacks,"I have well over enough computer to run this game max settings and then some, but i cant milk more that 24 frames out of it, its really horribly optimised."
76561198097333843,Not Recommended,217100,8502586,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,HorrorGamer,"This one I saw Markiplier play and well.....ok I didnt see his video, but I saw the add so...I bought it...and...in terms of graphics....thier a bit horrible like normal indie with a combonation of Cry Of Fear and Afraid of Monsters in it. I dont like the over all quality it gives to players as their person goes thru this horrid asylum morphing back from the world of insanity to the normal world then the insane world breaking thru. Plus the cutscenes were laggy and too realistic, it did not match the actual gameplay itself, was really dissapointed in that :/ But if you guys want to spend the money on it, go ahed, tho I assume Demtium 1 was far more stupid and irelevant."
76561198015300247,Not Recommended,217100,8557728,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,JollyViking,terrible. terrible terible terrible.the steam video thing was very misleaing.do not buy
,Not Recommended,217100,12750024,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Jen (@jbu3),I only paid 99 cents for this and even that was a bit too steep for what's there.
,Not Recommended,217100,12703143,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,⎛⎝Ｓ u r f Ｂ i r d⎠⎞,lmao just no....its garbage!The contols are so bad that it makes it unplayable.You walk slower then a zombie with its legs cut off and it will crash on you over and over!Don't but it.Save your money and buy something else.
,Recommended,217100,8957290,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,RadioG00se,"A decent game for the price, and a well made port.Gameplay wise it is very fun, it's a solid action-horror game with some puzzle elements. The story is somewhat confusing to me, likely because I have never played the first one or maybe the story gets explained throughout the game, I'll have to beat it to find out.A lot of the elements of this game are homages to Silent hill, such as when your character switches from the ""real"" world to the imaginary one filled with blood and monsters. The enemies are all mostly unique, and the boss battles can be challenging.Overall I'd say its a very fun game and a decent port."
76561198027982510,Not Recommended,217100,12624766,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Hardcore Games™,"https://hardcoregames.azurewebsites.net/?p=7011This game engine needs some work on it, given it was released in 2013 it should be able to recognzied the default screen resolution and GPU easy enough.The game also had problems retaining full screen, which required togling the game video options a few times.The game feels slow but its playable. Feels more like a stroll than running for your life."
76561198039585522,Recommended,217100,11020587,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,"Let's be real here, if you know that this is an HD remake of a first-person-shooter for a handheld console, you already know whether you want to buy it or not."
76561197978130467,Recommended,217100,8570120,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,GypsyGoos3,"Really good horror game, and the price is affordable"
,Not Recommended,217100,21978293,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Derrick,"It's not the worst thing ever. I'm not really sure why I bought it. The graphics are really, really bad, unless it's from like 2005 or something and it just doesn't say that on the store page. The voice acting is okay but there's literally no story, and then there's a little story sometimes, but it all feels out of place and strange. Not the best experience."
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,217100,33422483,Posted: 9 July,all,GuyOnAChair,FOV is low and movement feels awful. A terrible conversion of an odd curio of a DS game.
,Not Recommended,217100,8101190,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Alhazred,Just get it on the ds. It's not that fun as a pc port.
,Not Recommended,217100,11586386,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Shao,"I had hopes, but seriously disappointed by this. Good thing it was 2$, i ain't feeling like it's a loss. Better thing to do is get a DS emulator and the rom then play the damn game the way it was meant to be. How can this well optimized and great looking game be so sluggish and rushed so hard. They had everything to do it right, instead it came out all bad. Just bad, i can't even understand how terrible they ended up with it, all this good potential wasted. Could have putted that work in the 3rd chapter for 3DS instead, that would have made more sense.Stubborn as i am though, i'll still clear it eitherway."
76561198044878932,Recommended,217100,8087426,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Zorrick,"This game = SO FUN! Played it first on the DS, now it looks even crazier in the new enhanced HD edition!  GET IT AND PLAY IT NOW!!!!!"
,Recommended,217100,8099863,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,The Admiral,"Simply fantastically fun.  Keep in mind, it WAS a Nintendo DS game that was ported to PC with improved graphics.  Because of that it's essentially still the original DS game, but that's not a bad thing.The Sound and graphics have been greatly improved over the original version.  And it's still a fun slower paced survival-horror-shooter.  The gameplay itself is somewhat of a mix between Quake, Resident Evil, Silent Hill, and Metroid/Metroid Prime.Also, the game does not rely on jump scares, and instead relies on body horror, tighter spaces and the enviroment."
,Recommended,217100,8102095,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Blank,"Fun fantastic horror game! Has that gritty atmosphere in a insane mental asylum but this kind of game is something similar to the horror game titles from the 90's - early 2000's. So if you're a fan of the older RE games, Silent Hill, Manhunt, The Suffering and such, then you'll love this game pretty much. Actually..Idk why I mentioned Manhunt lol. maybe the whole Asylum hospital place from ManHunt 2. Idk. But this game is awesome and it has a oldschool horror feel to it. If you're part of the newer gen and prefer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like Slender, then please gtfo because this isn't the game for you. kthxbai."
,Recommended,217100,8097765,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,サイラス,"A polished port of a very well made first person horror game. The game is on the short and easy side, but you will have a fun time regardless. Don't expect any complexity in the combat or puzzles, nor any modern gameplay innovation though.7 / 10"
,Recommended,217100,8103667,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Metafalls_,"I bought this game because back in the day I cannot buy the original copy due to my country not letting the game in, and I am totally impressed by it. However, it is not due to super awesome graphics or anything like that. The idea of playing it on PC itself makes me happy. A lot (if I remember correctly) of people said that it is not living up to their expectation, but really I think the one to blame here is the inability of the marketing development to decide what part of their game they want to sell. It might be received better if they sell it as a nostalgia for people who actually played it on DS first, and really the game speaks more of that. From the enemy cheesy movement, laggy and seemingly less important cutscenes, and the atmosphere (hhehehe) is pretty much what brings me to DS version captured accurately in this port. In conclusion, if you're looking for a good horror game, this might not be your first option since it is better for someone who already played this game before."
,Recommended,217100,8100146,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Kritikos,"Dementium II HD is a PC port of the surprisingly good DS game of the same name. If you've been playing Shadow Warrior, Rise of the Triad, or remakes of other first-person shooters, this game is certainly not on par in terms of graphical presentation. This is, however, forgivable for a low-budget remake of a DS game. It's only $15 so I wasn't surprised by it's low-budget nature and short length.The visual concepts of D II might be a little confusing at first. The humans in this game are portrayed in a realistic manner, while the monsters, being 3D reimaginings of the monsters from the DS version, are very designed very much like cartoons. They don't feel out of place, though; the humans in the actual gameplay look pretty cartoony themselves, as well as everything else in the game. This doesn't hurt the experience, nor does the rather simple combat. I do wish they made the character faster; his run speed feels more like the walking speed in most other first-person shooters.D II is a pretty average FPS and it doesn't try to hide that fact. For that reason, the game envokes a sense of nostalgia. It's not a very difficult game; I suggest playing on hard if you're confident in your abilities. The puzzles are actually fairly well thought out and the combat, while not the most engaging or fast-paced, is decent for being so slow and goofy. The fact that it works well lends to the playability of the game, even though the combat isn't as satisfying as most well-known first-person shooters. I do question some of the encounters, such as enemy gauntlets in areas where you could be out of ammo and inconsistent difficulty here and there. Sometimes you'll be having no trouble taking out enemies, carrying plenty of amunnition, and feeling confident with all the painkillers you've pocketed. Other times you might find yourself running out of ammo in somewhat dicy situations, and there are a few instances where death - even instant death - will just surprise you. Thankfully, there are plenty of save points which heal you completely, and when you die while fighting a boss, you can continue from the start of the fight as opposed to the last savepoint.I have a few other minor complaints with the game, including the lack of advanced video options and the uneven sound effect levels. The volume of the sounds that guards, monsters, and paranormal phenomena are all a bit varied, while the gunfire is about three times quieter, which can kind of emasculate the gunplay. The grunts and groans the protagonist makes are often quite humorous, especially when jumping and landing, which can cause his vocalizations to overlap.Ultimately, Dementium II HD is a relatively enjoyable game that feels neither pretentious nor incompetent. It's not the most impressive game out there, but it's fun. I'd never heard of this series before, and I'm sure this is the best way to be introduced to it. I hope to see more from this company in the future."
,Recommended,217100,8108529,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,kokachu,"I had actually been going back and forth for a few months to purchase the original Dementium: The Ward and Dementium II for the DS before noticing that there was going to be a PC port. I still have yet to play them, but now that I've completed the game, I'm certainly interested in buying/completing the originals, and for additional ports/sequels in the future.3.5/5 Controls: Iffy at times, but certainly not terrible by any means. The run would cut out (had it happened a handful of times, I would blame it on either my keyboard or my fingers; not the case) and walk was a bit too slow for my liking so I constantly ran. Part of this could be because I've been playing Damned too much and am used to the faster pace. A few of the doors/items wouldn't trigger with the right click unless done several times. These are easy fixes done through future patches, so I would take this worth a grain of salt once there's patches out in the future.4/5 Graphics: Very well done for a port, yet to keep the aesthetics of the original game it was decently well done. I did check out 1-2 hours of gameplay from Youtube, so I'm decently qualified to speak on it. I'm a horror fan (Doom, Alone in the Dark, Fatal Frame), but not so much of modern games. By no means am I a graphics snob, so obviously this isn't a turn-off by any means, especially since I play through all my old favorites all the time. If you do prefer high-tier graphics to use your fancy video card, go right on ahead to Outlast or other similar games. If you don't mind middle to middle-low range, you'll be comfortable with Dementium II. A minor thing I noticed from time to time was that some textures would either be misplaced (ie. above the surface it was supposed to lay on) or be removed. When gone completely, the game would lag, as if it was still trying to load them (ie. wood grain from stilted houses on ice when you were walking on the ice). It never happened anywhere where you'd be fighting, or where anything would spawn, so it's not too large of an issue. It may even be addressed in a future patch.3.5/5 Story: Decent, a bit repetitive at times, but with enough twists and puzzles to keep you going for the 4-6 hours to finish it out. Major gripe: I wish they would have did something a bit more special with the final cut scene. I understand what was going on, but it felt rushed and flat.3.5/5 Gameplay: The revolver was...strange at times, crosshairs laggy, recoil weird and clunky. Reloading was terribly annoying when guns were required (tab, click on held gun, wait for reload). I won't even talk about how annoyed I was with the shotgun. For the most part I stuck to my shank since I dislike shooters anyways. A few other glitches, but with a major patch coming either today or tomorrow, I'm going to withhold those since they'll most likely be address anyways. HINT: In doubt, just restart the game. It seems to fix itself a lot if you run into any issues.4/5 Music: From the quality I heard from the DS version to the reboot, I'm very happy with the changes. It's been said that all of the audio has been redone with this release, and it's all been for the better. I never had any issues with the audio up until the final boss fight, where it wobbled and shrieked a bit; I felt like I was in Lavender Town again. Again, most likely will be fixed with future patches, so I'm not worried about it either.3.7 Overall now, rounded to 4/5 when patches correct the most glaring issues. Most things are going to be updated with future patches, anyways, so don't let those critiques bother or drive you away from a solid overall horror experience if you like the old feel with some solid updates. Not to mention the dev's have been completely helpful, understanding, and rushing to get the game patched up as soon as possible, so no qualms whatsoever for me. Have fun and immerse yourself into the mind of the insane."
,Recommended,217100,8109802,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Coleio100,Simply terrifing! behind every cornor lies something new and terrifing! Low amounts of ammo and health make fighting enimies hard but thrilling! if you enjoy survival horror give Dementium 2 a run you wont be disapointed!!
76561197998599119,Recommended,217100,12628722,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,oedegaarden,"Best dollar I´ve ever spent! Has some Silent Hill quality to it but not much,"
,Not Recommended,217100,12648312,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Deostr #Hankey,DS Port. Terrible floaty controls. Boring. Not Scary.Super Easy to 100%. Trading Cards. Cost $0.99.5/10
,Not Recommended,217100,13308987,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.","It's as bad as you thought it was going to be.With this relatively new trend of porting iOS and Android games to PC's it seems that small time portable developers have tried to push their way into this. Case in point: Nintendo DS games being ported to Windows PC's.Don't assume this is going to be one of the few DS games to come to PC (there is Resident Evil Revelations after all). What you can safely think, however, is that the vast majority of these games are going to be♥♥♥♥♥♥The reason why the DS is such a successful system is because it has a nice gimmick behind it, just like other modern Nintendo consoles. The gimmick here is that it has a touch screen that's relatively easy to use, and almost completley unheard of when the system originally came out. Due to its initial surprise at launch the system now has a dedicated fanbase that will continue to buy the system and games for it, and now that 3D is added more people are buying it.Are the games good on DS? Yes. They're very good on DS, but why would that mean that they wouldn't be good on PC?Well, that's because PC's have had mouses since forever, which basically replicates the stylus controls on a DS. Why is that bad? The problem with this is that we don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥because every game we play uses that. It's not a gimmick anymore.Another part of being able to use a mouse is that games originally on DS that had some kind of difficulty in them are way too easy on PC's because a mouse is much more accurate and easier to use than a stylus and touch screen.Simply put, most DS games ported to PC cannot do what this game did and just make a direct port with slightly better graphics. The game is too easy even on harder difficulties and the level design is also extremely archaic and simplistic. That is not a good thing for a first person shooter, especially a horror game.Resident Evil Revalations worked because it's ♥♥♥♥ing resident evil and also because the made HUGE improvements to the graphics and actually modified aspects of gameplay and control for PC in order to make it not easy as♥♥♥♥♥♥Now that I have that out of the way I'd like to point out that even without these flaws the game would still be total♥♥♥♥♥♥because it isn't even remotely scary and the monsters look ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious.I mean, people tell me the game was terrible on the DS, so the PC port is gonna suck even harder.3/10. Slightly more enjoyable than Bad Rats."
,Not Recommended,217100,12717971,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Too many hounds in this room,"+ Nice comeback for those who played DS version of the game...- ... but in overall the PC version is just a poor remake with...- ... bad controls...- ... bugs...- ... weird framerate issues...- ... dated visuals...- ... missing Survival Mode...- ... and it's short (4-5hrs)... just like DS version- oh... and it's less spooky (you can hold your flashlight with almost all weapons, just like in 7'th gen. Doom3)4/10 (if you didn't play it on DS)6/10 (if you're familiar with DS version)8/10 (DS version)"
76561198021449197,Recommended,217100,8557332,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TheHoodieMan,i highly recommend this game it has a great atmosphere and it is very creepy.
,Recommended,217100,8349920,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BrokenfangXD,i really am on the fence about this game so far it seems fun and well done being a ds port. the controlls are wierd and not only that but the story continues right off of dementuim: the ward which is the first game. it would be better if they ported dementuim the ward aswell as this one. other then that a solid game
,Recommended,217100,9402498,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Chocolate Pudding,"Dementium II HD is a sequel to Dementium I HD which was a prequel to Dimention III SD, neither of which actually exist.  Actually this game is a port of a Nintendo DS game from the far off year of 2006, and it's pretty friggin' good.  In this game you play as escaped convict murphy pendleton, who is trying to escape from Racoon City with his autistic son in law Josh.  Along the way you will explore such exciting locals as jail, super jail, and a maceys.  If you liked video games on the Nintendo DS, but not actually playing video games on the Nintendo DS then this game is for you.  If you instead don't like either of those things, and like circle strafing around spooky scary monsters, while you hit them with a two by four with a nail in the end, then this game is also for you.  If you enjoy long walks on the beach, fine wine and candle lit dinners, and evenings spent listening to phil collins records then...uh...you're gonna have a bad time."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,217100,19073087,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dustin,"I'm pretty sure this game doesn't work.Even customzing the controls doesn't help, no key works WHAT THE F*CK!!??0/10"
,Not Recommended,217100,12672150,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Atra⛧Regina,Wanted to see what this game has to offer for a while now but I can't. It keeps crashing constantly after picking up keycard in chapter 1.PC Port is terrible.
,Recommended,217100,8174234,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Res,Dayum this♥♥♥♥♥♥be the spooks 900/10
76561198042890140,Recommended,217100,9089195,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SFF,"Dementium 2 on the DS was one of the better horror games I played.  It was extremely atmospheric, was profoundly creepy, and the villain was surprisingly intimidating.  Aside from that, it controlled great, and the gameplay was pretty solid.Fast forward to now, and the HD edition is amazing.  The graphics are ten times better, thus increasing the already chilling atmosphere, the plot is fleshed out with additional notes and areas, and the Doctor is as awesomely malevolent and creepy as ever.8/10.  Would play again."
,Recommended,217100,8263194,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"I'm having a blast with this game :DDefinitly worth it.Sure it dosn't got AAA graphs, but hey that's not all that matters...can't wait for a new part."
,Not Recommended,217100,8098115,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,postmanmanman,"A worse, Unity-driven version of a great DS game. If you don't have a DS maybe it might be worth playing, but otherwise just get the DS version."
76561198076660615,Not Recommended,217100,12440691,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[TWLC] Rustey,"Crap. Seriously, can't think of anything else to say. This is garbage."
,Recommended,217100,12589645,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,propane,i love how much this game sucks. DS port for the win
,Recommended,217100,8099067,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,[MM] WMan22,"I've played and beaten this on the Nintendo DS, so i'm qualified to review this after playing it for a short while. Dementium 2 ""HD"" and i use that term very loosely because while the lighting and textures were clearly updated other important things were not. Animation quality, while smoothed out from it's DS counterpart, is still unchanged and looks very much like it came from a DS game. Fans of Playstation 1 horror games such as Resident Evil will get good nostalgic enjoyment out of this game, because for better AND for worse it is very much a callback to classic survival horror genre games such as Alone in the Dark, Dino Crisis, and such; bad voice acting, damage sponge enemies, safe rooms where you save, cheesiness and all.Newcomers that know nothing of this franchise will trash it hard for it's extremely primitive graphics and gameplay. And it's totally understandable if you know nothing about this game before buying it. It's because of this that I'm unsure on whether or not to leave this as a ""Yes"" recommendation or a ""No"" recommendation. I mean, this game is fantastic for a DS title, it's just not up to par with other PC releases. As I said, newcomers to this franchise will be VERY put off by the low budget looking graphics and gameplay. They should have implemented ragdoll physics and an FOV slider into the updated engine and given us more graphical settings for this to be a true ""HD"" rerelease."
,Not Recommended,217100,12651443,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,AzureDragoon,"Horrendo, graficos toscos(mesmo sendo um port de ds) jogabilidade imbecil, AI escroto, nao tem um pingo de imersao no horror, voice acting e soms horriveis,sem mencionar os problemas tecnicos para um jogo de graficos tao fracos... Simplismente nao valeu os 2 reais.NAO recomendo"
76561198112468273,Recommended,217100,8129204,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,🎃✝Klaus The  Fox✝🎃,i like it but dont really want it no more
,Recommended,217100,11594709,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Shootergod(GM),The game rocks!
,Recommended,217100,10387415,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,[ λlt ],Probably this the first time that Nintendo DS wins against a PC. Hands Down.10/10 Nintendo fanboys will love this review.
76561198021757575,Not Recommended,217100,8885155,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,EEEHHH!!
,Not Recommended,217100,8108375,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,dots,Absolutely disgusting.
,Recommended,217100,8082981,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,DSC|Nemesys,WARNING: INCOMPLETE REVIEWA few gripes about the game so far.  The controls are rather clunky and have a heavy feeling to them.  The game is also missing Windowed option.  You can try the Alt+Enter but the game will revert back to full screen after a few seconds.  There is no in game windowed mode selection.
76561198067508845,Not Recommended,217100,12599416,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,[YT] Mr.BananaGod,not worth it what so ever
,Not Recommended,217100,8084048,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,siegeh25,"For all that it is, it's a great game, loved the DS version and it was always fun to go thru but the PC version isn't that great, it's still the same great experience but the fact they slap a HD remake on the name or call it a remake at all is disgraceful, the only good change you can see are the cutscenes and the graphics which aren't that great, the sound quality is ripped from the DS game instead of being improved, not to mention the subtitles are broken, and it's poorly optimized with limited graphical settings. All in all it's a great game to play, but the PC version isn't worth the $11 or $15 price tag, you might as well go to gamestop and get the DS version of the game for less and a better experience"
76561198076848605,Not Recommended,217100,22474458,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Blaze Cummer,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀░▄Dementium II▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,217100,8083146,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Sylcred,The subtitules are so fast and didn't match with the voices
,Not Recommended,217100,25707058,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Duffy,ur game suks big dik -rep
,Recommended,217100,20651559,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Telan,"Hey, I liked it."
,Recommended,217100,20690984,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Nigel Burke,"Easily most underrated port ever.+ Graphics look nice, especially considering it was a port from the DS+ The Controls are the standard Mouse and Keyboard controls+ Runs very smoothly at around 100 FPS+ Actually feeling fear without jumpscares+ Very cheap price ($5-$0.99)+ Fun gameplay- Default controls for examining and zooming in our weird, but it can be fixed easilySo FAR: 8/10I will update once I finish the story."
,Recommended,217100,24559757,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dog,Although it won't be praised for its graphical fidelity - the horror and atmosphere is by far where the focus is at: rather than spending time looking at the walls worshipping its textures you'd instead be running away from the spooky guards and monsters with your butt clenched for days. Overall satisfying if you want to terrify yourself!8.1/10
76561198052192990,Recommended,217100,24156997,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TeaRofFeaR,"I cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥at a cell, ask u to examine a post card but i press every damn key it does not work. (fixed) by restarting the game.Not a bad game, ok horror."
76561198085413927,Recommended,217100,25973178,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tekkarreo,"First Dementium game i tried, it's not an scary game but thats fine for me, the game is linear, not much of a challenge, i player the hardest difficulty and was able to beat the game and having a lot of meds and ammo by the end, the graphics are ok, i don't ask much for a game that was released a couple of years ago, overall its just a decent game, its not a must play and it isn't that bad either, if you want to try it get it when it is cheap!"
,Not Recommended,217100,23819525,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EscA,"This game is kinda clunky to play and generally uninteresting to me. I would much rather play something else than this game.The first boss must be fought with a knife, but it's ok because it's pretty easy to do that, you don't take that much damage from the boss.The weapon play is kinda weird, the crosshair is kinda off-center and generally jiggles as you look around.Enemies are pretty boring so far.I feel like this game really misses the mark in creating a horror game that is scary to play, or even a campy horror game that is fun to play.I'd suggest games like Amnesia the Dark Descent if you're more towards the puzzle side of horror games and want to hide from monsters, Dead Space is a pretty fun third person shooter that just gives off that unsettling feeling of scary stuff popping out to kill you."
76561198002561766,Not Recommended,217100,23870488,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sherbert T Cat,"The price is low, but so is the quality. I realize this is a remake of a Nintendo DS game, but it looks and plays like a 2005 PS2 game, rather than something made this decade. The atmosphere isn't scary at all, and the gameplay is a bit boring."
,Not Recommended,217100,23372253,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,R-Tune,Its like date passed bargain potato salad.. the taste just lingers on.  No seriously this game might♥♥♥♥♥♥you off so bad you break things.  put a 1/metacritic score percentage.
,Recommended,217100,22781003,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,CharismaticPanda,"Short and sweet, this fps horror isn't an amazing entry into the horror genre but it is at least unique in what it is. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,217100,22780045,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Grigolia,"HD right? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, who cares about high definition, than game sucks? bad optimization, poor graphics, awful physics... what else do you need to buy game? nothing! or maybe it`s about Windows 10 optimisation issues? i don`t know, but everything else is not good"
,Not Recommended,217100,22461676,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Agent Smith,"This game is a port of the great DS game of the same name. It is fun to play, and can get your blodd running when you are stressed... on the DS.The PC version is currently awful, as it requires many updates to get the controls working better on the PC, as well as a way to kill movement lags. Once that happens, there will be positive reviews... but until then, I must... Uninstall."
,Not Recommended,217100,22248946,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Kato,"Reminds me of Silent Hill and The suffering. Enjoyable so far but the movement and combat mechanics are not good, which can make it frustrating. buy it only if its on sale and you willing to put up with bugs and fairly awkward gameply"
,Recommended,217100,30057790,Posted: 20 February,all,Sonic | hellcase.com,Incredibly Entertaining Game.. !!
76561198154927431,Recommended,217100,29947141,Posted: 15 February,all,Deus Belmont,Nice gameplay.. but weird ending.. WE NEED DEMENTIUM III !!!!.........
,Recommended,217100,10384039,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Corrosion,I actually like this game despite some strange design choices. It is fun.
76561198082490286,Recommended,217100,31231633,Posted: 18 April,all,demanthor,"got it really really cheap. it's nothing special. but, i will recommend it, you know why, because i miss old school survival horror games! i miss stories told through memos and tense notes, i miss old school almost monochrome inventory screens, clunky mechanics(in a survival horror)... also the game is not all that bad actually but really lacking the key word here is lacking. it's so bland and moderate, it's just not memorable at all. but hey, if it's cheap and you are a survival horror fan, don't miss it, you'll not like it really, but you will reminisce... a lot.bottom line: if you are an old school survival horror fan, give it a try if you can find it on a sale just for the old times sake."
,Recommended,217100,34756081,Posted: 5 September,all,O D A C H i i,"Fun game, wierdly addictive, would reccomend"
,Recommended,217100,34083976,Posted: 7 August,all,Nanolather,"This game is actually pretty creepy. I never played the DS version, but even though combat is repetitive and predictable it holds my attention with it's ominus feeling. Fun little game, pick it up if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,217100,35470812,Posted: 4 October,all,Chemical Taint,"I really like horror games but I don't like the feel of the DS, so a PC port of this game seemed like a great idea. I put it on my wishlist and it went on sale a week later so I purchased it. Originally being a DS game I wasn't expecting much out of the graphics, nor do I really care about graphics, and I think they are just fine. Animations are very jumpy and really could have been smoothed out for this HD version, though. I did find the atmosphere and creature design to be quite impressive. In regards to design, I would put some of these monsters among the best in the horror genre. The story is also fine but it's not a huge focus and doesn't get in the way too much, except when it gears you towards little fetch quests. After that, it mostly falls apart. Ammo is pretty rare to find, weapons have major recoil and it feels like every enemy is a bullet sponge. The melee combat is pretty rough as well, making the combat a chore and since that is the bulk of the game play, that's a very bad thing. With the exception of boss fights most of the enemy AI is designed to run/fly straight at you, so there's not much strategy or planning you can do with the combat either. You just take your melee weapon and smack each other until you or the enemy die. Then you load up on health pills and move on. The sound effects aren't too bad but the background music primarily consists of a very short violin loop during combat that many people will likely find annoying. The one thing I did like about that music is that it is a good indication of when an enemy is nearby that you might not have seen. Adding to the problems this game is fairly buggy and I found a few instances where buttons/keys didn't work and I had to restart the game to resolve.Overall I can't recommend this game. Major mechanics need a complete overhaul and though it might be fine for the DS, it does not comparatively hold up against other atmospheric first-person games on PC like Doom 3 or Condemned.+Graphics/Design+Story-Music-Game Play-Combat-Bugs/Glitches"
