user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,217140,2057767,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Venetian,"It's no fluke Rise of the Triad's 2013 remake has invited attention and excitement from a niche of arena and twitch FPS fans. A title fondly recalled in memories of the few being remade in UE3 is enough to make even the most cynical player dream of a return of the fast-paced, chaotic times of FPS yore.Made after the now toxic Duke Nukem Forever licence was taken away, ROTT is obviously made by a team with fond memories of the original. In fact, it's probably a little too fond. As you progress further and further through the game, you realise core gameplay has changed very little in the almost twenty years since the first game was released. Sure, rocket jumping is a breeze, now, and it even has mouselook like all the kids are talking about. But with a tedious array of enemies that almost exclusively barrel at you with hitscan rifles that even the swiftest player is bound to be scraped by, it's less of a ballet of surreal ultraviolence and turns too closely into a frantic porridge hunt or, worse, a slow, careful shooter that rewards careful, slow approach to situations than maneuverability and split second twitch aiming.Nothing has been learned in all this time from the evolution of the genre, whichever way you look it - It does not have the interesting array of weaponry or diverse cast of monsters that Doom has to constantly challenge you, nor does it have leaning or cover that a more modern, ""tactical"" shooter would encourage. It sits in the middle of both of these design philosophies as it once was all that time ago. But it can't rest on its laurels after all this time when the original simply wasn't considered particularly good. Its infamy came from its explicit violence, gore, and sense of humour, the latter of which has been replaced with painfully unfunny toilet humour and even more referential and internet meme humour (Writers everywhere, please, if you're reading this, can we have some good, original comedy, please?).And even if you are a die-hard fan of the original, believing it is gameplay perfection, you'll find it difficult to still justify the purchase of this when the game is technically flawed in too many ways to count. Performance issues, bugs, map clipping errors, and technical shortcomings (You cannot rebind the weapon keys, half of your keyboard is likely not to work with binds, and you cannot turn off the mouse acceleration in the game, you need to edit a .ini file for this - In 2013, this is inexcusable!). With an apparently two programmers on a team of fifty artists, it's obvious where the emphasis on design was here, and if your technical foundation is not adequate, the content in it is wasted. If you must bring back a game from the past as close to the original as possible, you simply need more than pretty graphics and a 3D environment to justify its existence when even basic features and options do not exist or are broken.I want to love this game. It's built with passion and a clear hatred of how FPS games have forgotten their roots. But to be so aloof about your own darling harms its credibility and place on the stage - There is nothing wrong with an obnoxious plotline and setting that still takes itself seriously, without hiding behind humour and ironic, meta-humour. And perhaps the developers need to be honest with themselves: Why make a throwback title that refuses to change anything about the core gameplay, when the original was sub-par? Maybe ROTT94 should have been left in the past as a stepping stone to where we are now, and a more respectable example of how arena FPS can hold strong in modern times. Maybe we could, dare I say... come up with something original, instead of tying ourselves to dated ideas that fog the timeless ones?"
,Recommended,217140,15798232,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Defender of Sexyness,"This is how you reboot a classic.If you grew up with old school shooters like quake, duke 3d, wolfenstein etc this is right up your alley.Got everything you could want-Fast paced action-Gratuitous violence and gore-Overpowered weapons-Awesome heavy metal soundtrack-Cheezy one liners-Achievements for teabaggingGreat game!"
,Recommended,217140,15053333,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Botan ;),"Do you love 90s old school shooters?Do you love blowing up some♥♥♥♥♥♥with cool explosive weaponry & power ups like GOD MODE!?Do you love to play as doge & ripping some body parts out!?Do you love heavy metal?Do you like hilarious & memorial characters dat people love to brag about? Loreleieieie!If you say yes to all 5 of them, ROTT 2013 is a game 4 you.A single player campaign that's faithful, hard as the original, an active community that has passionate about this game & fun & intense multiplayer action that's ticks all the good things in my book for an awesome, badass shooter.& one thing, if you can live with stupidity bugs (there hell alot of them) in this game & FPS platforming mainly for SP, your got yourself a deal."
76561198003476696,Recommended,217140,7756188,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,DrFluffy,"This game takes me back.  It's unforgiving, rough, hard, and funny too!  If you enjoy old school fps action and witty humor then this is for you! 7/10"
,Recommended,217140,11205496,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,peremptor,A total steal at this sale price.... get it if you like FPS that actually are fun and take some skill to get through.Enjoy a finely crafted experience that unfortunately most don't appreciate anymore.
76561198008814369,Recommended,217140,10869991,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ELVX,"If you want to get this old good nostalgic feeling of very first 3D shooters, this game definitely will help you. There are no high res graphics, there are no smart quests or solutions, there are even some guns with infinite ammo without reload option - just go and shoot everything you see. And many many secrets, sometime with ambushes:) I think youngsters will not understand this game, so I don't suggest it to young players, who love advanced games. But those, who loved to play very first Duke 3D, or Wolfenstein or old version of ROTT, they will like this game very much. Enjoy, guys! :)"
,Recommended,217140,5624983,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Usurper,"A bit rough around the edges, but a bresh of fresh air for us old school gamers who was wanting a game to bring back memories of the old days of Unreal Tournament, Quake, Duke 3D and Doom.Yes the weapons are crazy, the Doggies are woofing and the Skeletons are smoking cigars... Wait, what?Welcome to Rise Of The Triad, now that the patches are out I can finally review this properly.Simply this game is awesome, I've been replaying it constantly in order to find every last easter egg, every last weapon, every last secret and ever last picture of the great North Korean leader himself.The Graphics are ok, not brilliant but when you're whizzing around at the speed in game you won't really care about the graphics, the guns sound brilliant and responsive and the weapons have this larger than life feel that the tone is going for and the soundtrack is killer.The multiplayer isn't dead however, part of the community plays regularly on a Saturday night as part of a community event to keep this game alive.If you want an awesome fast,frantic and responsive shooter that isn't like Call of Doge? This is the one to pick up.COME GET SOME."
,Recommended,217140,12058879,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Spider-Muppet,"Everything Duke Nukem Forever should’ve been, and then some.[Edit] I’d expected my single-line review to get lost in the mix, but it’s gotten some attention, so I’ll expand on it:Rise of the Triad is a remake of the 1995 Rise of the Triad: Dark War, which had originally been intended as a sequel to Wolfenstein 3D. Although it received mostly average reviews from critics, it was one of my favourite games of 2013, and seriously kicks butt with its nostalgic twitch gameplay.From the get-go, you’ll be zipping through a Nazi fortress, firing everything from dual pistols to drunk missiles and flamewalls. The excalibat is especially fun, and can be used to deflect projectiles, send your enemies flying with a single strike, or summon a wall of exploding baseballs. You can also turn into a dog and bite people to death.ROTT never forgets that it’s a game, and retains a steady sense of humour throughout its over-the-top awesomeness. You eat porridge to regain health, get an achievement for tea-bagging corpses, and while exploring the many secret areas scattered throughout each level, keep an eye out for a near-naked portrait ofKim Jong-un. Nods to the original game can also be found, along with a certain buck-toothed fish that players may remember from Commander Keen, Quake, and a stack of other games.The campaign is about eight hours long, and you play as one of five members of H.U.N.T. (High-risk United Nations Task-force), trying to prevent the Triad, a cult, from nuking Los Angeles. Each character has unique stats and occasionally different one-liners, which adds a little bit of replay value alongside rising difficulty levels.At the end of each chapter of ROTT, you'll get to do battle with a boss. They take a hell of a lot of missiles to the face before they kick the bucket, and are a total blast to fight against. One that I found particularly memorable was NME (Nasty Metallic Enforcer), a giant rotating robot that fires an endless barrage of heat-seeking missiles at you, before making the floor drop out from beneath your feet and into a pool of lava.Every once in a while, gunplay is broken up with platforming sequences. First person platforming is almost always a little awkward, and you will die, but once you get the hang of it, bouncing across the room and over pillars of fire is a lot of fun.ROTT is by no means an easy game, and you'll die without ever seeing it coming, thanks to numerous instant death traps, easy slips into lava pits, and just being shot to hell and back in general. Quick-saving is an option, but you'll lose points every time you do it (thanks to Serious Pony for pointing that out). Otherwise, you'll have to rely on unforgiving checkpoints that'll have you replaying large portions of the level. Although this bugs a lot of players, I enjoyed the challenge it presented.The only real issues I encountered were glitches that stuck me in inescapable positions, thus forcing a checkpoint reload. This only happened to me two or three times, so it's forgiveable. There's also the matter of completely braindead AI that stand still while you pump them full of lead, but ROTT is difficult enough without enemies who can think.The fast-paced run-and-gun Nazi-exploding eyeballs-splattering-on-your-screen action is accompanied by a wicked soundtrack, featuring a good dose of rock/metal, as well as some softer tracks and an option to play the soundtrack from the original game. But sometimes, on your second playthrough, it feels so much better to turn off the game’s music and play Skeletonwitch through the Steam Music Player instead \m/ROTT also features what I’m led to believe is a fantastic multiplayer community that play every Saturday night, and I would love to join them. However, I’m an Australian, and one of the chief woes of being an Aussie gamer is that the majority of online players, including those of ROTT, are overseas, resulting in differing time zones and crazy high ping (my poor internet connection doesn’t do me any favours either). If you’re close to the US or European servers, subscribe to the multiplayer map collection and check out the details here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=320949530As for my original statement, wherein I compared ROTT to Duke Nukem Forever, while Duke let us down with a failed attempt to bring a classic game into the era of weapon limits and health that magically regenerates when you hide behind a wall and breathe a lot, ROTT fully embraces its roots and utilises them to the max, resulting in the most fun I’ve had in an FPS since Serious Sam. If you’re the type who prefers a serious and realistic approach to your gaming experience, stay far away. Everyone else, roll up your sleeves and take off your thinking caps. It’s time to kill some Nazis."
,Recommended,217140,15176370,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Tom,"This was a real good shoot em up experiance.  A very basic run and gun type game, virtually no story going on here, infact, I am not even sure what I was doing running around all these castles and prison type environments, all I know is I had a really good time blowing crap up.There isn't anything special in  Rise of the Triad that you won't find in any other FPS, but it does all the regular things very well. There is a few moments in each level where you have to stand and think how to work out each puzzle, but things soon click once you take knowledge from the room around you.Is it woth £10,99? Sure, why not. I got about 8 hours out of the single player and that's fine for me."
76561198068623868,Recommended,217140,12365534,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Vaelin,"Amazing:DFast FPS with good gameplay and funny levels, for a low priceand its 100% uncut, you can blow enemies or cut them into pieces when they are dead ^^"
,Recommended,217140,7758582,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bit Bandit ツ,"Rise of the Triad is a remake of the 1995 game of the same name, you are part of the HUNT team (High-risk United Nations Task-force) and you must infiltrate the Triad base while killing hundreds of Triad members with a moderate range of weapons.You can choose 1 of 5 characters, each with their own stats, such as the big bulky guy who can take a large amount of damage but is very slow, or play as the female asian woman who is the fastest of the group but also the weakest in terms of defence. If you want my recommendation I would say pick a fast character with good defence, as running around at the speed of sound is just so much fun. No matter how you play as though, the voice acting will be bloody horrible but in a good way that I ended up laughing.You start with a basic pistol which does pretty low damage until you get another pistol in which you can then duel wield, even though weak it still felt very fun to use. However, you will then recieve heavy weapons which are by far some of the best weapons in the game. You can rocket jump and absolutely destroy enemies. There are a total of 7 different heavy weapons, which range from rocket launchers (BOOM!), flame throwers (SSS!), and heat seeking missles (beep beep).However, the absolute best weapons in the game, are the powerups and the magic weapons. For powerups you have God mode, which is not just infinite health, you are actually a God and you can zap enemies killing them in 1 hit. Then you got dog mode which turns you into a dog where you can bite enemies and do AOE (area of effect) attacks. Then you have the brilliant Excellebat, which is a bat that acts like a sword, everytime you hit an enemy they will blow up leaving a bloody mess everywhere. The final magic weapon is the magic staff, which shoots an electric beam as well as creating a shield for you.There are also powerdowns, such as the mushroom which makes you feel like you're on some acid trip, and a bouncy powerdown which makes you bounce everytime you come into contact with a wall.In each stage there are a number of secrets, when you find these secrets you can get special weapons, ammo, health, and easter eggs which takes me back to the old Quake days. In fact, the entire game is basically an old school game which non-regerating health, keys, floating spinning weapons, coins floating around for points, etc.I will however say, that the A.I. of the enemies is abysmal, I see them regularing forgetting to shoot their gun at me, walk into walls, standing in place, and so on and so forth.The bossfights are kinda mixed bag, the first and 3rd boss fights are pretty entertaining, but the 2nd one was very dull where you just stand in a room waiting for the guy to stop shooting, then you move out shoot at him, and repeat the same process. And the final boss holy cow it is bad, it starts out pretty cool, you're flying with the flying powerup, but once you beat the 1st form of the boss, the 2nd form is just the final boss running towards you and you just keep spraying.Also the final boss kept glitching out on me where I had to reset.Oh and the last problem I have is the freaking bugs. I've frequently got a bug where I could not fire my weapon until I restarted a checkpoint, the enemies would freak out and become deformed, and many textures were broken on me.Although the last complaint may seem a bit major, I cannot deny that I had a blast while playing Rise of the Triad, it's mindless fun, and that's all I need.There is multiplayer, however I've never managed to get a match with enough people which is shame.Also when you type in the chat and press enter, the game will actually read it out in a robotic voice like microsoft Sam, which is pretty bloody cool.Once I've managed to join a populated server, I will edit this review detailing how it went and how it works.Last thing to mention is the brilliant soundtrack, almost all of the music are remixes of the soundtrack from the 1995 version and it is kickass!Rise of the Triad is Excellent, and is how you make a proper reboot of a beloved first person shooter."
,Not Recommended,217140,18003163,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Deus Ecks,"I really want to like this game but i just can't. The game is out for over 2 years now and it saw quite a few big patches but the performance is still all over the place. Also the jumping puzzles can give you nightmares for several reasons: They are hard as nails, several tiny glitches ruin them even further (for example you have to jump alongside a wall but for no reason at all the wall suddenly stops your jump), the air controll of your character is laughable and it doesn't help that the framerate isn't steady. The game can be fun when it comes to shooting baddies but you have to jump way to many hurdles to get from fight to fight.At least it can be funny and the devs are nice."
,Not Recommended,217140,20072332,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Rise of the Triad is a 2013 remake by Interceptor Software of the old ROTT from 1993 which was made by Apogee and Team Of Incredible Power. Well, I would rather call it a reboot. I mean, 20 years is such a huge gap. It's still fast-paced FPS with competetive multiplayer that think that it's very hip due to old-school elements.They also kept updated since then. Gameplay-wise most important change was inclusion of quicksaves and shotgun-bazooka thing that is placed in almost every level now.Technical-wise, this game was a complete mess at the launch. It had one thousands and one glitch and had awful performance for many people. If it was some AAA company, people sure would have spent all their time whining, yea. Something something EA access something beta testing something.But not to worry, developers even today keep updating the game, killing bugs and trying to improve performance, so it's not bad as it was. It still didn't stop me from getting stuck once because of failed trapdoor on Episode 4. Or even to have a level to fail to load next part of itself in that one map where I tried to use quicksaves for first time. Something about getting to checkpoint, then quickloading to pre-checkpoint save and trying to progress from there.Multiplayer community is kinda there. Usually there is nobody playing, but game's steam group actually runs events where it invites players to multiplayer every saturday. I know that there were few people this winter, but because my game (or Steam) glitched and wouldn't see Steam Workshop maps that I subscriped to at all, I had to miss the fray.Plotwise it's a same wacky story. Something about HUNT team that is you going to kick butt of nazi-like people and monks of Triad cult, while turning into doges and blowing up everybody with barks. In other words, no plot outside of intro and ending. It's just wackyness, coolness and trolling. Yea, trolling and memes, yay. Over 20 levels that are put into 4 episodes.And look, there is Escape from Vomitorium level.Well, actually settings looks awesome and enviroment is often fashinating, like first level of Episode 4 which introduces evil magic monks combines cathedrals and beds of flowers with snake-mouth gates and rivers of blood. That one was awesome.Gameplay is simple in that it keeps many stuff from the original ROTT. Interesting, even. Like, you still get to pick 5 characters, which are more sanely balanced in stats. Actually, there are only two stats: speed and endurance (health). Sadly, due to this game being a hitscan abuse game, speed matters very little and only will get you into trouble faster, so character with highest endurance is the best, no thinking about this.Another interesting thing is how weapons work now. You can hold only 5 weapons. But in reality the first 3 weapons are taken by bullet weapons that are direct upgrades over each other so it's silly that they take individual slots. They also have reloading and iron sight for those, but they are just developers being busy with trolling instead of bugfixing. Ammo is infinite and all weapons are always 100% accurate, pretty much. So you spent your time by sniping people and never releasing fire button while waiting around corner.4 and 5th slots are taken by special weapons. 4th is for bazookas and other such weapons, which have limited ammo. You can pick only one type, if you run over another one then you will swap them. And they say that Halo was newschool. Very explosive. 5th is magic weapon. There are only two of them and you will rarely get them. They aren't really different from bazookas.You now now use knife anybody as well and it's a pretty sweet addition. You actually don't have to aim as much with this, just press a button and your character will lunge toward the enemy who is close, stabbing with two knives. There are plenty of placed to use this. And there are plenty of places where you will get stuck in geometry and control of your character will be disabled for 5-10 seconds. Yay.Also you can heat up most health items to double up the amount of health that they give. It's pretty great idea from original, to sacrifice rocket ammo to put porridge on fire. Though ammo was more valuable in original.Powerups are also fun, having both good and bad wacky ones. The most awesome one is a doge one, where you are invincible, can pounce and bite people to death and can also do an explosive bark/howl, though in this game it will immeditly end the dog mode because it was way too good in original.But yes, sadly, this game isn't exactly a comeback of 90s or arcade style of FPS. The thing is, almost every enemy that you fight are hitscan attacking ones. So instead of rushing in and circle-strafing around room like a pro like you did in classic shooters, it playes out more like one of those bad shooters from early 2000s, waiting around corner, peeking out slowly while holding down fire button due to infinite ammo and no recoil. Trying to play it in fast-paced way just means you get murdered more.Heck, when I replayed all my favourite 90s shooters I realize that the thing that I also liked about them is that they weren't focused on precisions there, instead being about movement. Most of them had autoaim or big collision. Now here it's hard to hit anything with bullets when running.Yea, original has same hitscan stuff, but combination of reliable autoaim and hit stunlock on enemies made it a bit better.Though at least it uses special enemies with more taste than '93. Enforcers are more rare and then don't take as long to die from bullets. Monks are also more fun, with melee ones being weaker, but having extended range. Also helps that Episode 4 isn't just tiny rooms.Another thing is how amazingly little of game sense I was getting when playing this game. I mean, I count FPS genre as my favourite, but here I felt like I was a blind kitty, especially when playing for first time. Most of time I spent looking for enemy who kept shooting me.There actually are few things to contribute that. Damage indicator actually points at the spot where you got hit instead of where this shot came from. And I don't know what player's character collision is, but I doubt that it's a classic collision cube, since there were too many times where indicator pointed in another direction from enemy. Not only that, but the colors style between enemies and background is so similar, it's hard to notice them at all. Also I had hard time being aware about traps and doors opening up. Or even what switches do.Bosses are fancy, albeit lacking proper boss music. Some are good, but most often, you have to do usual things, like spamming homing rocket out of side room where you are hiding. Yea, phase 2 of the first boss was the hardest thing here. The most cheap at least. And then there are things like Boss 2 spamming hitscan at you. Did they ever play good arcade games?It also has traps and platforming. Not sure about traps, maybe they are cheap, but that was refreshing to try to handle real traps for myself.  I may have not managed to get out in time, but I felt awesome because I would figure out what to do at the very last second. And die. Now, platforming. A precise platforming in a game with weak air control? I mean, at least I spent my time playing the awesome Jumpmaze mod for Doom Skulltag back in time and I personally still love that. And I like this, when it made my heart beat that I might miss platform. But I shudder to think what kind of experience others are getting.E2L1 silver key puzzle still sucks.There is also multiplayer. Didn't get to try. It's competetive, no coop. Just DM, TDM, CTF. Same rules as main game. Probably chaotic too.I would rather give it a ""can't decide"" recommendation if I could. Otherwise I was quite dissapointed that instead of playing like FPS from my favourite era, instead playing like one from era that I dislike. Plus bugs and performance."
,Not Recommended,217140,7776902,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Death_Reaper,"An exercise in frustration and riding the hype train. For all its bells and whistles and the promise of old school fun, it didn't deliver. The singleplayer campaign is a prime example of poor 90's game design with traps, puzzles, and enemy spawns that require memorization to beat vs skill. The game's combat is primarily find a firebomb and use the ammo for it as efficiently as possible while picking off individual enemies using your mp40 with stun locking animations. Boss fights are essentially finding a way to glitch the boss and/or cheese the fight. There's no real skill involved except for maybe the last boss but that's also based on knowing where the armor pickups are; you can still cheese it by glitching the boss into a wall. Most of the later levels are designed really poorly with only a few of them being fun to run through. The first set of levels delivers the experience really well with overwhelming enemies that you have the joy of exploding into bits but it doesn't stay that way. The multiplayer is really the only good selling point. It's fast, frantic, and rather fun but the lack of players and servers in all areas doesn't paint a good picture for it. Supposedly the devs are planning for bots later on down the line but I'm not holding my breath."
,Recommended,217140,94158,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Ggdograa,A solid remake of a bad game. Think about that for a while then decide if that's a good thing.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWKBKhjOrBs
,Recommended,217140,7408390,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Sixty Four,"When I first heard about this game I was quite interested in it, thinking ""hmm 15$ well I guess I can't go wrong with that price"". I didn't know what I was in for! A game that was very fun and feels very similar to a 90's FPS game but also had a fresh spark to it. Love this game now, and must say it is Duke Nukem Approved.It now has a workshop with many great user maps being made.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fbJ0b-KpJwFull review:https://duke64nukem.com/2015/01/07/rise-of-the-triad-review/"
,Recommended,217140,33167060,Posted: 2 July,all,GothOtaku,"Is Rise of the Triad an amazing game? No.Is Rise of the Triad incredibly satisfying if you ever played the original? Yes.""Hey, you know all those FPS gameplay design improvements our industry made over the past two decades? ♥♥♥♥ 'em! HERE'S A LUDICROUS AMOUNT OF GIBS!""Yes , ""gibs"". This game revels in its '90s-ness. It's funny, gory, and fast-paced like all those games you remember from back then. It won't win any Game of the Year awards but it doesn't need to. It just needs to scratch that classic FPS itch and, honestly, it does it better than most."
76561197976822079,Recommended,217140,30600791,Posted: 18 March,all,Appetite4Deduction,"This is a game which, like the 1990s game it remakes, is not designed to be taken seriously.  The shooting action is old-school mayhem and gore-filled, which is what every 1990s first person shooter tried to do.Is it something you should get?  Absolutely.  It's also quite silly, with a campy ""B-movie"" vibe that is reinforced with stupid one-liners, absurd weapons, over-the-top voice acting, and scatological humor.  It's like the worst action movie ever made, video-game edition.The good:  Fast pace, incredibly bloody (if you like that), goofy humor, creative stunts, solid gameplay, solid multiplayer, overflowing with secret areas, hilarious narration, and an unbelievable amount of fanservice.The bad:  It will take some time to discuss the bad.  It tends to be very specific in nature.The major contention with the game has to do with the stunts.  Jump pads, egads, and various traps from the 1990s game are all back, and many sections are all about pinpoint movement and platforming, and not so much shooting.  This makes the game strangely similar to Portal, seeing that there is no fall damage.  But unlike Portal, it's easy to screw things up in annoying ways, which forces a LOT of backtracking and restarts.About rocket jumping--1990s ROTT invented the rocket jump, so it makes sense it would feature prominently here (many secrets require this).  However, this means you're inclined to try this everywhere, and the consequence is that you end up getting stuck in areas the level designers didn't think you would go.  I mean, come on.  This is ROTT!Also, the linearity of the campaign.  It's a minor complaint because 1990s FPSes tended to be linear.  But because the story isn't threshed out beyond the B-movie script, it leaves you thinking the game could have been so much more.Last point:  the bosses.  They sure as heck upped the difficulty of the bosses from the 1990s game.  It's a minor complaint, but many of the tricks that you need to win are not spelled out until you've died a million times already.  And the final boss is cheap on an unprecedented level.I think the good outweights the bad significantly.  But make no mistake, it isn't a 10/10."
,Recommended,217140,1083328,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,bVork,"This is an oldschool first-person shooter, for good and for ill.The levels are completely divorced from reality. There are lots of secrets to find, both by using odd-looking sections of the wall and by (rocket) jumping to places that don't really look like you should be able to access. The action is fast and insane. There's no saving heavy weapons for later: the game expects you to use the many kinds of rocket launchers at first opportunity. And if you do run out of rockets, you also have bullet weapons with infinite ammo at your disposal. All of this results in an first-person shooter of the kind we just don't see anymore. Scoring is slightly more complex than in old first-person shooters, with a combo system for killing enemies in quick succession.On the other hand, some things that could safely have been left in the past have also been carried over. Enemies blend into the environment and aren't too smart, sometimes getting caught on geometry. It's hard to tell when you're getting shot and how much damage you're taking. The same casual approach to level boundaries that lets you search for secrets can also result in you jumping outside of the level with no way to get back in. There are lots of deathtraps and jumping puzzles (not necessarily a bad thing, but...) unfortunately paired with a checkpoint system (there are no manual saves) that might make you repeat sequences multiple times. The checkpoints are fairly well placed but it's still a pain to fall in lava and die after spending five or ten minutes carefully navigating a complex room.Multiplayer seems pretty broken at the moment. Server browsing is sorted by geographic distance, not ping. And the ping shown during a match seems to be wrong. There is no way a ping of 40 should result in other players warping around and hitching constantly. If they ever sort this out, multiplayer seems like it could be very fast and very fun, but online play just doesn't work well enough to make it enjoyable at this time.There are also some optimization issues. The game runs mostly perfectly for me, but occasionally I enter a room where the framerate drops to 30 or even 20 for no good reason. It's not enough to be a dealbreaker, but this is not the game for you if you refuse to play anything under 60 frames per second.Still, I think the good far outweighs the bad in Rise of the Triad. There really is nothing quite like it: a well-done oldschool FPS with a shiny new coat of paint."
76561198083138576,Recommended,217140,15025911,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,If (kur) then (by),"i turned my graphics up to high and a female voice said ""HOLY F*CKING SH*T""10/10"
,Recommended,217140,5479777,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Vadam5,"Makes me smoke marijuana every saturday, masturbate, and go sleep at 2 AM.I wake drugged in the morning without even an idea what i do.But if seriously, the game is much more than just an oldschool games.its fast, you blow up♥♥♥♥♥♥ get ludicrous gibz, go to deathmatch with other people.play singleplayer, get 100 %, deadly enemies, ludicrous levels.Graphics is the last thing i care of in games, but really, games graphics are really ♥♥♥♥ing good.i cant write normal reviews.Rise of the Triad = 420/69I got only one word.LUDICROUS!"
,Recommended,217140,12194741,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,btomasulo,A fast paced old school twitch shooter with an active mapmaking community.  A must have.
76561198055269636,Not Recommended,217140,30953757,Posted: 4 April,all,Ron,"I had much expectations from this FPS being myself a ""so called?!"" ""old schooler"" passionate of this kind of games, having started to play them since Wolfenstein and Doom, i have to admit that, altough this is a little fps and has nothing special, it is fun enough to give you a couple of hours of entertainments, so, why i gave this game a thumb down ? It's simple, just because of the horrific insane amount of technical problems and issues it carries with him.....The first serious problem is the frequent number of crashes happening in the game, it happens mainly when you load a savegame or checkpoint, tested on a win7 32 bit, the specs of my PC fully cover the minimum requested but could be that a 64 bit OS with more Ram and more Video card Ram could solve this (can't test right now).So, this said, even with this problem, i was giving anyway a thumb up to the game, yes, with a low score, but always my feeling was positive, so, what is the REAL reason i am giving a thumb down ? I'm going to explain right now.....The quicksave and quickload system in the game is totally devastated, BUGGED as HELL.....I readed the forums and the web and discovered originally the game had just the checkpoints, meaning that if you die between 2 you have to restart all over, this at easy difficulty and for expert players is not a big deal, but for new players and, anyway for everyone, when you play at ludicrous difficulty(the max one) you'll notice that you could die like a Boss even a dozen of times in some special points, so, being forced to restart the whole checkpoint everytime could be very annoying, and here the community asked the help to the Devs who kindly worked on this problem and changed the game adding the savegames in the form of quicksave and quickload (just one slot and no manual saving options).I have to say that this is extremely useful and save you the life lowering the number of suicides among the players...But, IF and WHENEVER you load a savegame, many bad things could happen and i will try to add some examples:Sh*t number 1 : there are, in some points, firewalls or fireballs that shoot alternated and the only way to pass trough is to pass between them, penalty, instant death, so, after a loaded savegame could happens that ALL the fireballs shoot no more alternated but all together making impossible to progress the game and forcing you to reload the whole checkpoint.Sh*t number 2: There are some secret areas in the game that you have to discover all if you like to complete a map 100%, so, after you load a game, could happen that when you pass trough the secret zone, the game not count it as discovered, forcing you to reload the checkpoint.....Sh*t number 3: to complete 100% a map you also have to kill all the enemies in the map, now, not all the enemies appear in the zones normally, for some you have to do some specil stuff, for example, some enemies appear only after you picked up a special power up item called God mode, now, after reloading a saved game, happened to me that even after taking the power up item the enemies did not appear, forcing me, guess what ? Yes, to reload the whole checkpoint.....I could continue with other examples but i prefer to stop here, i just let you know that, reloading a saved game could make no more open some doors, not make appear some enemies, not making any more move essential platforms, walls, various devices in the game, all of these, if you're a completionist  but also if you're not and want just complete the level, forcing you to restart the checkpoint or maybe the whole map.I think that a game with these problems, altough could be nice at first sight, can't be recommended, so, whenever all of the above problems would be fixed, then feel free to convert my review into a positive one with a score of 69%, but at the actual status i have to give a thumb down because all of this is not aceptable.===================================================================( The next line has nothing to do with the review )===================================================================R.I.P. William Scarboro, may God bless you.===================================================================My Final Score is59/100"
76561198060203956,Recommended,217140,17270075,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Metsakurat,"One of the best games of 2013and ""A real contender for the best shooter of the year""- You can quote me on thatRise of The Triad stood its own back in the 90's and it stands high amongst nowadays shooters aswell.It was a real competitor for Duke and Wolf and the remake is a real competitor for all nowadays titans.I don't know how to properly review such a game. The game's simple. There's not much to talk about and yet, it's a masterpiece.It brings back the fast-paced, twitch shooting, old-school gameplay. Now some people are trying to insult new Call of Duty titles saying ""It's just a twitch shooter now, HAH!"" - Yeah...that's frickin' awesome! Are you trying to tell me that Quake or Unreal Tournament are bad games ?Yeah, the gameplay is very fast.What else is back ? Huge sandbox levels, jumppads, weapons / health / armor pick-ups, secret areas, secret levels. No two weapon limit. No primary or secondary weapon. You can carry the entire arsenal of weapons with you at all times. You can blow people into pieces. Gibs. Gibs! GIBS!...I'll just list some pros and cons for you guys.Pros:+Fast paced old-school gameplay+Secrets+Power ups+Badass music+Steam Workshop+No health regen. Pick up health, weapons and armor.+Can play as Lo Wang in multiplayer+Unique and badass weapons. No weapon limit.+One-liners+Big sandbox levels+Challenging boss fights+Tons of secrets (yeah, gotta mention that twice)Cons:-Multiplayer is kind of deadRoTT is worth the full price and more. If you see it on sale...Just get the 4-pack...and it's still a steal.It's a 50€ game with the price of 14.99€"
,Not Recommended,217140,31222920,Posted: 18 April,all,Kitsunet,"I want to love this game. Theres SO MUCH GOOD here, but the game is ♥♥♥♥ed by a flurry of minor bugs that make the game a bit of a mess, even four years later. Anyone who looks for a bug can usually find several at a time. Some are minor, like a few harmless movement bugs, but some are much worse. For example, on level 3 I quicksaved next to the fire trap at the start of the level in case i died, which I did. When I reloaded my save, I skipped the trigger for the fire to turn on and it never came back. I think theres supposed to be a switch to turn the fire off before you go through, but I may have skipped half of the level. Not ten feet away from this area, theres concrete pillars that you can't shoot through, but you CAN walk through. These are only a small taste of the issues with this game, which is a shame since it is so much fun.Please patch the game. It is really fun, and deserves to be fixed."
,Recommended,217140,8054860,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tortoiseface,"This shooter has a great old-time, late-nineties feel to it that has been missing since those days. This shooter channels the flow and enemy-spawn action of those early games, with updated graphics and PhysX engines. If you're looking for a tight story and serious combat simulation, absolutely look elsewhere. If you're looking for tongue-in-cheek humour while blowing up Nazi soldier look-alikes, look no further."
,Recommended,217140,11930953,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,redward.,"Rise of the Triad is a remake/rehash of a much older series by Apogee. This first person shooter is very fast paced, filled with crude languages and references, and very satisfying. The game however falls short in pacing. You're often left to explore many new areas, having to find a switch of sorts to trigger the next portion of the level. Both the exploration and platforming sub-portions of the game break its fast pace and honestly ruin it. The switches which are necessary to proceed are very hard to find and built in with the delightfully fitting backgrounds. Often times I found myself spending upwards of half an hour just to notice an extra detail built into a wall.One of the more noticeable characteristics about RoT is the possible collet-a-thon. Each level presents you with numerous secret areas to discover, filled with coins which tally up to give you a total percentage of the level completed. Although not necessary to the total game completion, this allows for numerous (or possibly arduous) amounts of replay value.Another downside of RoT is the framerate. It is inconsistent. Many of the areas in which you find yourself are extremely large, and contain many enemies on the screen at once. Having your framerate drop down to 10fps while surrounded by 20 enemies at a time is not an enjoyable experience. There are seldom boss fights in these levels, but when there are it is hard to distinguish them from the regular enemies themselves. The bosses, in fact, were very broken. When confronting the first boss, I found myself able to stand to the side and continuously spray him down, with little to no effort.Although the game presents numerous flaws, it was (and still is) an overall enjoyable experience. The fast paced violence is perfect in the right moments. The crude language fits with the game well, and all of the Easter Eggs found in the many secret areas of each level just add to the atmosphere."
,Recommended,217140,32010138,Posted: 27 May,all,DarkScythe13,"An interesting modernisation of the game. Initially had issues with crashing, rendering problems (in regards to wall banners stretching to ridiculous lengths) and slowdown in areas, however disabling PhysX seemed to correct all these, and wasn't really necessary anyway. Works far better now."
,Recommended,217140,8081405,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,=AJSA= Sammy,"The game's improved a ton since it was released, with patches that stabilized and then straight up eliminated performance issues, quicksaves, and too many more to mention.It's a remake of the original shooter from 1994, it plays like an old school shooter (with score and non-regenerating health), and even the updated art style stays faithful to the original game.You won't find a call of duty game here, that's an entirely different genre. You're gonna find serious sam on steroids.This is what duke nukem forever should have been like."
,Recommended,217140,9177402,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,fenrir,"AMAZING OLD SCHOOL SHOOTER!It's unforgiving, harsh, fast paced and brakes the fourth wall with its amusing texts every other minute! It all comes together to make an epic, super fun, game that any 90's gamer should definitely get!"
,Recommended,217140,22918795,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,kevin,After spending some time playing this game I have a verdict.It is a very well designed and fast paced first person shooter adn i love the gfameplay.I feel that multiplayer can be improved though.Good work :)
,Recommended,217140,7797428,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,<><><><>,"Rise Of The Triad is a game that falls short of greatness. I'm not an♥♥♥♥♥kisser nor a hater, so I wanted to give my thoughts. ROTT is a shooter game, a reboot of the 1995 shooter of the same name. For the time, it was a rough game, but the wackiness helped it become a cult classic. The new game has been made to keep the same gameplay, the same wackiness as the original. The gameplay is execellent, blasting through enemies with an arsenal of weapons. The level design is quite good. It really stays faithful to its roots. The multiplayer is mostly absent, because not enough people play it. There are MP events, but they still only attract a dozen of players. This is one of the most poorly optimized games I've ever played. The framerate can drop massively at parts, and it can be annoying. Quicksaves have been added, too. If you're looking for a solid SP game that you can spend a while in, this is the game for you. If you're looking for the next Unreal Tournament, look somewhere else. It seems that people either make this game sound better than it actually is, or they make the game sound worse than what it actually is, so tread carefully. It's a solid game, but not a GOTY."
76561197969288520,Not Recommended,217140,9034220,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,NickAragua,"This game was ok, up until I got to the jumping puzzles. That combined with fairly frequent crashes when quickloading means that I will not be finishing this game, and honestly regret my purchase."
,Recommended,217140,12112014,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Jesse McCree,"Like most reviews, I am going to discuss the Multiplayer and Single Player seperately because each one is unique compared to the other. Let's start with the bad news first:Multiplayer:BOY WAS THIS LACKING IN EVERY WHICH ASPECT! As much as I hate to say that the gameplay was horrid, I did find a bit of enjoyment out of it here and there. The things I didn't like was the lack of creativity with the level design. The maps look good, but the weapon placements are just lazy and silly. Kinda like the community that still plays this game avidly. It's very unbalanced. Whoever has the rocket launcher with the heat-seeking capability is going to slaughter the competition. Him or the s***head spamming the D.R.U.N.K. Rocket. Don't even try to shoot a bullet weapon by the way, because the hit detection is so f***ing off, I have to aim 3 feet in a random direction to hit them. Although it sticks to the original FPS routes in some aspects, it still fails to see how lazy and poorly implemented some of the multiplayer physics are and how the guns are extemely overpowered in the right guy's hands. (Then again, some random bloke off the streets could just pick one up, pull the trigger and BAM killed you) But I feel that the multiplayer is the butt of the joke here. Single player is what tells the story (No pun intended)Single Player:This is where classic FPS comes for a beautiful dance party every now and then. Rise of the Triads clearly demonstrates how an original FPS should look (Minus the 8-bit graphics). You may play as 1 of the 5 different characters each unique with a certain strong point in either speed or endurance making the game fun for players that enjoy taking their time and players that like to speedrun while blowing guys heads off, but each comes with the flaw of it's opposite attribute. If he's fast, he isn't that strong and vise versa. RoTT also stuck true with the braindead enemy AI that charges at you carelessly, aiming as if they had an eye patch on both eyes, and being extremely easy to kill if you know how to kill them. And every time you die, you are insulted by the commander telling you that you're a complete f***ing failure and that a nutless monkey could do your job WHICH brings me to the point of how RoTT likes to throw in funny little easter eggs and references which only puffs more perfume on this lovely lady of a game and freshening it up every time. As much as the multiplayer lacked, I believe the single player makes up for it. Not everyone is buying a game for it's single player... *COUGH* CALL OF DUTY, BATTLEFIELD, GEARS OF WAR *COUGH* ...and mainly focuses on the multiplayer aspect of the game. Clearly Interceptor Entertainment said ""f*** you modern FPS fanboys and your create-a-class and redundant shooting sections! We know how to do single player the right way!""Anyway on to the real reason you are all here. You want to know what I think about this game. And to me, this game is only good for it's single player. While the multiplayer can be enjoyable with good friends who also aren't picky in which games they play, it still fails to recognize that it's netcode is poopy and can barely stay fair to everyone. Overall I give the game a 7/10. The multiplayer weighs down the score, but the single player keeps it afloat. Nice job devs on the SP, but the MP NEEDS WORK!!!!!!"
,Recommended,217140,11230652,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dial Up,"Must buy this game I never played the original but this game is full of epicness it has a nice fresh new feel, but still feels old school which is what I'm looking for, challenging and fun exploring the levels 10/10"
,Recommended,217140,11211644,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,sonar,"I will review ROTT using a popular poem format, known as a Haiku.""NO PLEASE DON'T SHOOT"" - 5 syllablesFresh Smell of Blood in the Air - 7 syllablesThe Ludicrous Gibs - 5 syllablesYou can do shrooms and pop a cap in a triads♥♥♥♥♥compton style 666/42"
76561198089052394,Recommended,217140,20181576,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Rise Of The Triad		* 7/10An accurate Remake Of the classic Apogee Game.+++Pros+++- Like I said... An accurate remake of the classic Apogee Game. Gave me a good reason to play this game because I never had a chance to play the original.- Soundtrack. Badass Heavy and ambience Soundtrack. I love the original, and this metal remake is nice as well.---Cons---- Soundtrack remake sometimes is way too metal, not because I hate the genre (as a metalhead myself, this can't happen...), but because sometimes it's amiss, and doesn't suit as the original instrument setup. And They added the chance to use the original Soundtrack, but they're the old plain midis. They could have rendered the original midis as well, but they didn't.- Bugs. Sometimes you get stuck for no reason in some terrain polygons, wich is dumb... Maybe it's an engine issue, but it doesn't matter, it's annoying, especially if you're fighting El Oscuro (The Final Boss... Which actually happened to him too, and that's the only reason I've been able to defeat him... XD).- Graphic. I understand this is an amateur job, but the graphic and models level are not that great, considering another remake-reboot of the same era (Shadow Warrior)"
76561197983869188,Recommended,217140,11842350,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,AdosMastox,Good fun - and old school gibfest great!
,Recommended,217140,2067377,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,FreakOrama,"Great old style type of First Person Shooter that’s true to its roots, ridiculous weapons that you don’t normally see in shooters these days, and although the game is really fast passed and encourages ‘ludicrous’ gameplay it can slow you down to discover secrets and funny easter eggs, all of this plus an awesome Sound track and great graphic style.The game lets you play offline (even without steam) and the game supports normal and Lan multiplayer (and by no means competitive, which is good) and supports moding (Not available yet) with full set of tools to back it up.You get stuck during parts of the maps in both singleplayer and multiplayer.The game is allot of fun with fulfilling fun singleplayer and crazy fun with multiplayer with (from what they said) all of their DLC free and soon to be added moding tools, i had and will have more enjoyment coming from this small priced game with what feels like an awesome reboot.More info athttp://www.ksalue.com/main/2013/08/the-good-the-bad-the-money-rise-of-the-triad/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZfDVdfoucg"
,Recommended,217140,20736912,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Velcrosasquatch™,"I've forever gone back and forth on this title for various reasons.I think now that the game is at version 1.5.5 and I've played it numerous times I can properly express my opinion.ROTT '13 is a mess, a bag of mixed ideas and designs that mold into a product of varying quality.Like the games very performance it can be fine and drop in a moments notice.That is because ROTT '13 doesn't use Unreal 3 very well, in fact its the poorest performing Unreal 3 game I've seen (and not exactly the best looking either).It's not unplayable but for a team that boasts an attempt of appealing to the PC demographic, it's a shame it couldn't cater to performance.On that note of appealing to PC players, another oddity of ROTT '13 is it's implementation of a checkpoint system.Something that always came along with old school shooters was the ability to save whenever.So it's bizzare that the game had to later implement a quicksave function. Sadly this doesn't work well either as it causes more bugs to an already buggy game and for some reason decreases your score.I have to also make sure to point out the game is extremely buggy. Enemies will often get stuck frozen as well as weapons.I was also disappointed that an amount of the games level design went against ROTTs unique arsenal.For instance, there are very few ideal moments to use the flamewall as all the 3D geometry and detail clutter many areas.The new muliplayer seems to try and be more like Quake than the original ROTTs multiplayer, which was goofy and over the top.After all this negativity I stated, you must think I have a large amount of dislike for this game.Well it may surprise you that I find it very enjoyable.It's nice to have speed and be able to take damage, it's nice to find actual secrets, and it's really nice to see gibs.I think that I've learned to enjoy it and the mess it is over all this time.When I see it for 3.75 dollars during sales, it's hard to say the money is wasted.Not a penny more though."
76561198082438220,Recommended,217140,7008076,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"The single best PC exclusive I bought all year (2013)Rise of the Triad (2013) is what PC gaming is all about.A return to the classic days of maze like levels, multiple weapons to carry, keys for doors, secret areas, moving walls, and of course hyper frags.ROTT is all about the big BOOM, bullets are for chumps here, rockets and missles is how we roll.This game includes a 20 level campaign breaking into 4 Episodes.  5 Levels each, 4 standard levels and 1 boss fight at the end of each episode.It also includes a Multiplayer mode, Arena style shooter similar to that of Quake 3 and Unreal Tournament.  Classic game types, DeathMatch, Team DeathMatch, and Capture The Flag.Not only that but you can also build you're own levels for the game and play on them with friends! (Steam Workshop coming very SOON)  Or if you want to you can build single player levels!  All future content aside from the game to be released by the official Devs or Community is to be entirely free.  So the game just keeps getting better and better.ROTT was built by a team that had no budget and came away with an over achieving title.    Interceptor Entertainment did a fine job on remaking a classic and bringing it to the modern age without compromising the formula for why the game was so popular in the first place.Everyone who has ever enjoyed a classic FPS should own a copy of Rise of the Triad 2013."
,Recommended,217140,7780417,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Aya Shameimaru,"While I find it funny that the original Rise of the Triad pioneered the two-weapon system we love to hate, Rise of the Triad successfully invokes the twitch action and maze-y levels of 90s first person shooters.However, you better hope your computer kicks about as much♥♥♥♥♥as this game, cuz this game is pretty high-end for a UE3 title"
,Recommended,217140,10746727,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ZooL,"Rise of The Triad is a amazing game! Gore, Fun, LUDICROUS! sometimes there's little bugs but really, who care.A AMAZING REBOOT"
,Recommended,217140,12369109,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,noeman5,"I played the hell out of the original ""back in the day"".  I see a lot of the former version in the current one, a lot of the same maps, but they look a hell of a lot better now with the updated graphics.  Loving it!  I think I'll go ahead and buy it, I've already spent a couple of hours playing during the free weekend.  For all of you 'old timers' out there that played the original, this is definitely worth trying, you'll like it."
76561197988003900,Recommended,217140,1154741,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Maverick,"Probably the best game in it's price-range. It has been on sale for 7$ and for the first time i have no regret paying full price for the game. It had HUGE issues at launch, but after 2 major patches the game is kind of my favourite. It has some old school elements in it, where you want to bang your head in the wall, but then you figure, damn let me go play some other game. 5 minutes later you find that game boring and need some more wallbanging! :D I don't usually write reviews but this made me. I am a poor♥♥♥♥♥who can't afford 50€ games, but i am pretty sure this would be worth that price :) Join the Rise of The Triad steam chat, where people update their newest map etc.Looking forward to see you in game! :D"
,Recommended,217140,12283828,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,dimbaZLO field on fire,"If you don't like this game, then you will be аnally punished by the one and only LORELEILIELIELIELEIELIELEIELIELEIELEILEIELEIELEIELEILEI!"
,Recommended,217140,7428888,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,feИRa,"BUY THIS GAME, THIS IS A GAME"
,Recommended,217140,8455945,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ownosourus,"A blast from the past, a type of shooter that just isn't made these days. Ridiculously fast, absurdly gory and deliberately silly. A faithful and enjoyable update of an overlooked FPS classic.Certainly not for everyone, and the online play still needs some work, but if you're in any way tempted by this game, you should go right out and buy it."
,Recommended,217140,31552945,Posted: 4 May,all,L0n3w0lf,"The bounce pads are not consistent like the older rotts were, fix the ♥♥♥♥ing bounce pads and the quick save/load feature! The quick load/save feature seems to break on E2L2 and E4L4 the most so avoid using it if you can on those levels. As for the bounce pads..they seem to have clipping issues. Sometimes you can be pretty much on top of them and no bounce, other times you can be just on the edge of the bource pad and it will fling you as far as it possible can. It's very inconsistent.Pros:Great music remixStill Challenging!Cons:The ♥♥♥♥ing random jump on the bounce pads!Quick Loading causes this game to crash!"
76561197993580450,Recommended,217140,11210803,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,one.night.bangkok,"The haters are gonna hate on this one, but along with Shadow Warrior and Tomb Raider, it's another awesome addition to the 2013 reboot/remake lineup. It seems like we're way too focused on byzantine plots, dark and brooding characters, and general depressing stuff. Rise of the Triad is actually FUN, and never takes itself too seriously. Pick it up on sale if you're a skeptic, otherwise have at it."
76561198109506398,Recommended,217140,11110582,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,freakysevenup,"All the quirks and kinks are worked out and this game is working better than ever! I have to admit, I was around when this title first debuted and it was a great game back then, in league with titles like Hexen, Doom and Heretic. This game as it is now is great fun, classic first person shooter at its finest. The blood and guts, the screams and even the odd anti-grav platforms, jumping pads, and elevators! If you haven't played this game before in either of its forms I suggest you give it a go. You can play with either a gamepad or keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,217140,11204387,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mkool,Must have for an oldschool gamer ;D
,Recommended,217140,4005448,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Anaxagoras,"At last, perhaps a new golden age of gaming might be upon us. Unlike most reboots of old series we've been seeing, Apogee got ROTT2013 right. Anyone who enjoys games like UT, Quake and the classic ROTT will love the multiplayer, and the SP campaign, much like the original ROTT, is akin to Wolfenstein 3D."
,Recommended,217140,12385772,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,droghy,Good Graphics Good Gameplay Good Everything What More Could A Gamer Want?
76561198083866660,Recommended,217140,11615446,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,kaokensho,"Yes its buggy, but has been playable for so far.  Reguardless, I haven't had this much over the top FPS fun since I first played Duke Nuke 'Em (when it was new, in the ninties).  I paid about five bucks for it, totally worth it!"
,Recommended,217140,9764448,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Rip,"You know how they always say ""I'm sick of remakes; they never hold up to the original"" or ""Why couldn't they just remake the old game shot for shot, with updated graphics and more weapons etc? What is THIS crap??"" or ""It's an OK remake I guess, but it just doesn't feel like/doesn't capture the magic of the original""? Well, Rise Of The Triad (ROTT) takes exception to all of that.After putting a ludicrous amount of hours into the original, I can say with confidence that ROTT 2013 not only plays like ROTT '95, but also captures that intangible ""magic"" or ""feel"" that made us all fall in love with the original. Even the sound effects and soundtrack are there (albeit updated). It feels like a mid-90's shooter, it has the same humor, and unfortunately all of the same weaknesses of mid-90's shooters. It's ability to warp you straight back to 1995 is its greatest strength and greatest weakness. It's easy to get somewhat bored with this game because it doesn't offer much over the original, that's how faithful it is. After that initial nostalgia high, there isn't much more. Then the little bugs start to become noticable.The hit indicator is often incorrect, sometimes I'll be in a huge area with a straggler hitting me from some damned place, and I'll have no idea where, partially because of the inaccurate hit indicator and partially because enemies weapons are quiet and weapons have indistinctive sounds, easily blending in with the background music.You'll die a lot in this game, as you should. That's how we rolled in the mid-90's. Games were far more unforgiving. Enemies are unfairly and ridiculously precise with their weapons, again how it should be.If you've never played ROTT '95 or any shooter from that era, I'm not sure this is for you. If you're a fan of the original or just 90's shooters in general, this is a MUST HAVE."
,Recommended,217140,34296969,Posted: 16 August,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"If DOOM (2016) and Shadow Warrior (2013) could be comparable to the success of Shovel Knight by how they deviated from the guidelines of the old-school FPSs, choosing instead to resonate the nostalgic memories into a new game, then Rise of the Triad (2013) is a case of where it adheres entirely to the classic formula with graphical differences. Some might argue that this is to the detriment as the original Rise of the Triad wasn’t without its own share of issues the reboot inherits.As someone who enjoys the shattered expectations that ROTT brings to old-school FPSs, it has always baffled me how this game never got wide acceptance in spite of its flaws. If people can accept what kind of old-school FPS experience it wants to be, and not what people assume from these games, there is a great experience to be had that keeps true to what people love about these old-school FPS. It’s not a perfect game nor is the foundation it is built upon without its issues; however, most complaints about the gameplay come across as misunderstanding the niche appeal of ROTT and how it manages to stand itself out from the other FPSs of the past as well as the present.Conventions Were Made to Be Token-In-UpAs a game that was originally meant to be a sequel to Wolfenstein 3D, Rise of the Triad took the concept into a bizarre creation of an arcady FPS collect-a-thon meant for speed-running rather than the slow, methodical resource management and stealth of Wolfenstein. This is largely showcased through the changes made to the enemy line-up of standard Triad soldiers, Dalek machines and sorcerers; the line-up of playable characters with different stat-changes between endurance and speed; the strangeness of its weapon-system and the ammo systems along; and the game’s emphasis on platforming challenges and evading traps instead of labyrinthine environments.The first major change to old-school FPSs is the limitations on how many weapons players can carry throughout the levels. Weapons are categorized into three main categories: Bullet weapons with infinite ammo (pistols and MP40), Heavy Weapons (rocket launchers, flame weapons and the new Doomstick shotgun) with limited ammo, and Magic Weapons (the famous Excalibat and a magic staff) with limited ammo as well. Each category holds one weapon type besides the bullet category can hold one weapon and there is a plentiful amount of heavy and magic weapons to encourage liberal usage, which perhaps makes ROTT the most explosive-focused old-school FPS for rocket-jumping as well as using their limited ammo to warm up health items for greater effect.On top of the absurdity of its new weapon system, ROTT incorporates power-ups that can be to the player’s benefit like the God Mode and the Dog Mode (God mode as a Dog) for massive destruction with invulnerability or they can be to the player’s detriments like the bouncing power-up that has the player in constant motion or the shroom power-up to give players migraines. Whereas the weapon system encourages decision making on repeated runs such as using a normal rocket for extra health bonuses or using the Drunk Missile Launcher for crowd-control ambushes, the power-ups could have used more tweaking to make them less obnoxious, even if they are negative effects. Instead of modernizing these quirks with limited value to the gameplay they feel oddly conventional in a game that strictly goes against conventions of FPS.This is perhaps the source of many issues players have with ROTT as it quickly abandons the focus on combat and more so on the platforming obstacles/traps, and the difficulty scales to tests the player’s knowledge of their available arsenal as the options become less numerous as the enemies and bosses become more rigorous to endure. In a game of constant carnage, ludicrous gibs and explosions, there is a certain methodology to its design that encourages smart playing in a stupid situation.To Gib or Not To Gib—That Is Not the QuestionWhile combat is a main component of ROTT (2013), there is a larger focus on mastering the levels for 100% completion in the quickest amount of time with the highest combos to rank at the top of the leaderboards. Similar to the emphasis on speedrunning in Mighty No. 9 for a Mega Man game, ROTT (2013) feels uniquely designed around the core idea of gibing enemies and grabbing collectables simply for the thrill of competition with other players, which is something I’m normally not interested in. This design plays more to the arcadiness of the original that had extra lives and a score-system to encourage players to replay levels beyond their complexity itself. However, the biggest problem with this design is rather the emphasis on platforming that will divide players into two types of players.If there is any truth to this world there are two types of gamers: Those who hate first-person platforming and those who put up with first-person platforming, and that is ultimately the deciding factor as to whether or not you will enjoy Rise of the Triad. While combat remains a priority with new enemy obstacles and more open-area arenas, the emphasis of platforming up higher obstacles in trap-rooms will wear down players who do not expect their abundance.Before the update that added quick-saving when not on movable platforms at the cost of their total score, there were some areas that could become aggravating to players who find the obstacle courses too demanding after falling from up high as well as sudden death-traps. As a result of the update, the game is more accepting of players who may enjoy the arcadiness of its design yet may not enjoy when they have to spend another five minutes to reach the exit. Even with this option available, ROTT could have toned down their abundance in certain levels as it comes at the cost of its pacing as it sticks too closely to the original’s emphasis within the 2.5D design.This is perhaps the blindness for the original that has alienated fans from the reboot without considering how to modernize the ideas rather than simply copying them. In the original ROTT, somewhat more favorable of the two, as much as the platforming was a pain to do without being able to look down the obstacles accommodated the player’s inability to jump by placing jump-pads and coins at a certain distance to inform the player how fast they needed to be.  ROTT (2013), however, allows the player to jump as well as being able to manipulate these jump pads that can always feel unpredictable if the player will make the jump or fall just short. This is also true for death-traps over various movable platforms, areas that require the player to fly or maintain momentum that feel more based on the 2.5D design rather than redesigning it within a new dimension.Catering Solely to One Audience is Doomed to be Constrained By ItAs much as I have said negatively about the title, there are various elements that work wonderfully. The levels themselves often feel well-crafted with a mixture of action and platforming, remain visually and mechanically appealing. Multiple difficulty modes for each team member strikes a nice balance for challenge compared to other old-school FPSs, and the added touches for each one and the menus for retro-music and silly exit screens keeps the charm of the original. Out of all the aspects I enjoy the most, bosses in ROTT are some of the most enjoyable fights in an FPS because of their multiple phases as well as how supplies within the arenas are designed around them, and it can be made easier with smart conservation of an extra Scorcher to make them into bigger chumps.It’s unfortunate then that all these positives are overshadowed by its persistent problems of the original that makes ROTT (2013) something only classic Rise of the Triad weirdos like myself able to see through all the bloody screens and eyeballs littered in the aftermath."
,Recommended,217140,19996044,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[PBS] monsterballs,Remake of an old classic. Bazooka pseudo-nazis whilst bouncing on floating trampolines as a constantly burping/farting protagonist. There is a power up that turns you into a dog.
76561198106011053,Recommended,217140,11076695,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,RenegadePanda,"Rise of the Triad is a rarity.  A game that so faithfully updates it's original counterpart and manages to keep just about everything the way it was, and should be.  This is very much a shooter rooted in 90's logic and design, it's stronger for it, and I applaud the developers for it.Basically the idea is you have weapons, and your objective is to blow up everything.  The combat is solid and extremely fast, you're practically encouraged to take damage so long as the damage you're dealing is greater.  Weapons include most everything from the original, including the Firebomb, MP40 & dual pistols, Split Missile, some new ones too and are heavily geared torwards explosives (this is a good thing).  Your base weapons have infinite ammo and don't need to be reloaded.  Your health doesn't regenerate automatically, you have to eat food, which you can cook by firing a rocket at before doing so.As with the original, there's some platforming to be had.  And as with the original, it can be mildly frustrating, though at the time of writing a quick save has been patched in making this issue much much less annoying.  You'll jump on bounce platforms, check every wall for secret areas, collect coins to boost your score, avoid spinny blades and fireballs and sometimes become God.  Or a dog.  Sometimes you question the validity of the power up's you acquire.  It doesn't make sense, but it doesn't need to, and that's why it makes sense.There's a story, though it's just an excuse to blow up not-so-vaguely Nazi cult members.  The entire single player should last you over 10 hours if you do even a little hunting for secrets, and more if you want to find everything.  It's also replayable with other charcters, though the game doesn't change at all.  But when it's this much fun, it's worth replaying anyway, and there's always another secret to be found.  There's also a multiplayer mode a-la the original title (which was quite fun), though this review is based solely on the single player."
,Recommended,217140,12340183,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Faceless Caesar,If you have any reverence for shooters of the mid-late '90s PLAY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,217140,12380340,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Jedimatt02,Much fun. Such ludicrous stuff. Much buy.
76561198155690041,Recommended,217140,12370694,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,KINGBUD,I love the game takes me back to the beging of gaming . Now i found the new version and install it and loven it . Getting all the coins and secart aries hover pads and guns all done well . well worth the $14 it cost. So get to it and download it and come play online or single player.
,Recommended,217140,12374335,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,fireman sam,"Much better than I was expecting. I'd heard the game was a buggy mess, and sure enough I did experience this same bizarre crash at the start over and over again; that is until it inexplicably just stopped occurring during one attempt to start the game. Since then the game has worked fine, with a poor but consistent and entirely playable frame rate, and no further bugs or crashes. Edit: Lots of bugs, nothing game-breaking, all harmless, mostly hilarious.The game feels amazing. The exaggerated momentum and gravity give you enough of a sense of weight and speed as it is, but the 'camera bob' or 'view roll' or whatever you call it takes it even further, deeply immersing you in the role of this incredibly fast and agile character, who, without so much as a pair of legs in sight, has a very real tactile physical presence in the virtual world.The visual effects are damn good. Motion blur adds to the sense of speed but can be turned off for those who can't stand it. Bloom is used a little excessively but looks delicious. The particle effects from explosions to blood splats all look awesome, striking a prefect balance between realistic and over-the-top. The appearance as a whole is stylish but realistic. Love it.The guns feel great, look great, sound great, the music is awesome, the level design is pretty fantastic... It's just a really good game. Everything about it is delightful. Buy it you idiot."
76561198126975019,Recommended,217140,12381821,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,wolfinston85,"It's ok alright, the game is amazing when it comes to it's ""technical aspects"" as well as how much fun the game plain in it's barebones is.However the biggest problem that i have with it, aside from the oh so poor optimization, the game just isn't well balanced when it comes to it's level of difficulty, even in the easiest setting i found myself dying constantly, considering this is a fast paced action game, you would espect certain level of challenge along with the right balance, but it just doesn't really end up having that, for that reason the game stays in a one liner for me. Should i recommend it? Yeah sure, the game is amazing if you have the skill and if your pc can run it."
76561197982543417,Recommended,217140,7887293,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,OmegaDestroyer,"I picked this up for $5.99 (or something like that) during the Autumn Sale.  The game is a pure throwback to the 90s.  The action is fast-paced, the violence is over-the-top, and the music is as forgettable as most FPS music from the 90s.  If you liked the original Rise of the Triad, you will not be disappointed.  All of the crazy rocket launchers are back, as well as the moving platforms, traps, God Mode, ridiculous nazi-esque villains, and coins.If you are looking for innovation, I would adivse you to look elsewhere.  While the game captures the feel of Rise of the Triad in a modern setting, the gameplay is purely a 90s child.Bottom line:  If you love Rise of the Triad or old-schol first person shooters, pick it up.  If you are not a fan of either, I'd play a demo first if possible."
,Recommended,217140,11207539,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,AbsurdHealer,Hell F*CKING yeah!!! Is that clear enough!?
76561198091947134,Recommended,217140,12428145,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,GraemeGunn,"This game is so good, a friend of mine decided to buy it even though he had it already from a torrent site.10/10"
,Recommended,217140,11203020,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Marcusq(chel wuz here),Basically old school good Duke nukem smashed together with wolfenstien with next gen graphics and old school design philosophy :3
,Recommended,217140,11211391,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,sarysa,"Just a quicky review. I saw it had mixed reviews, but my experiences with ROTT from the 90's and the summer sale led me to grab this one. Is it perfect? Nope...some things are oldschool in a bad way, like the robotic and glitchy animations of enemies. (some even move while in that default, civilian-like pose) But if you like first person platforming (many people don't) and oldschool non-subtle commando style gameplay (doom, quake, serious sam), then you'll love ROTT 2013. The pacing is fast and the enemies can be unforgiving even as you're mowing them down in unrealistic numbers at ludicrous speed. It takes a little time to get used to the first person platforming, but once you get a sense of where you're supposed to go, it's pretty fun. The controls are probably the game's strongest point -- I had no problem getting used to the unrealistic 3d platformer physics."
,Recommended,217140,11841808,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Chill la Chill,"THE SHORT REVIEW:This game is Mein Kreig and Mein Kampf.THE LONG REVIEW:Rise of the Triad caught me by surpise because I approached it like a modern FPS, when in reality this is just a old-school arcade run-and-gun shooter that is extremely fast paced, fun and frustrating. There are moments where you are feeling invincible, and then moments (like the boss levels) which can lead you to rage quitting. It's a great remake (from what I've seen at least), play it like Doom and Wolfenstein and not like Call of Duty.The only reason I dropped this game was because I had lost my checkpoint and had to redo an entire level over again (which was annoying because I don't even remember what the actual level that I was on looked like), if that hadn't have happend I would've guaranteed you that I'd be playing more of this.MADE FOR: People who like old school shooters such as the original Doom or WolfenteinNOT MADE FOR: Shooter fans who expect modern mechanics implemented into this remake and those who don't have a whole lot of patience. If you want to kill Nazis...do it in Wolfenstein: The New Order instead.RISE OF THE TRIAD 7/10"
,Recommended,217140,8586960,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DUNCAN DONUTS,"This review is for RoTT v1.3 from someone that played the game at launch.Quick-saving makes the game much more fun. Being able to save whenever you want instead of having to rely only on wonky checkpoints makes the game more fun and relaxing because you can lose a lot less because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t design, such as the combat in E2L2. Instead of constantly worrying that some dumb trap will suddenly murder you when you haven’t had a checkpoint in a while, you can quicksave, and if you die soon after, you haven’t really lost anything. It makes the trap and platforming sections a lot more tolerable because one mistake won’t send you back about ¼ into the level.However, the quicksaving doesn't excuse idiotic decisions in the game, such as the awful platforming, inconsistent way it handles how jump pads work, and the bosses. Quicksave is akin to a band-aid to bad design decisions; it doesn’t get rid of ROTT’s problems; it makes them much more bearable. The only problem it really gets rid of is the bad checkpointing, but that was a pretty big problem at launch.Another issue is that quicksaves don’t work on bosses. I can understand why, but it’s frustrating that the most annoying part of the game, the bosses, have to be done in one go. I would’ve loved it if I could’ve saved when dealing with the bullet sponges that are NME and El Oscuro because it would save me a ton of time when the bosses would inevitably pull a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t move and kill me right before I finished them off.I’ve noticed that the quicksaves can be buggy at times. One map, E4L4, is unwinnable if you place a key, quicksave, and quickload. I’ve also seen enemies respawn after a quicksave, which is a bit annoying if you like to backtrack. Most of them aren’t a big deal, but you should be careful just in case.I have no idea how MP is now because I felt it was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥even before the Firebomb spam murdered any chance of MP being played beyond a skeleton hardcore group. It seems they’re putting more effort developing the MP and trying to cultivate an MP community instead of fixing SP mode, which seems to have more potential than a bunch of hArDkOrE gamers trying to relive the glory days of UT99 and Quake 1/2/3 with a busted MP mode.I can’t say anything about any sort of optimizations since the game ran at max settings with no problems at launch. I’ve heard that the game still has some pretty big optimization problems from others, so it looks like the devs haven’t managed to fix it yet.The modding tools seem nice, but right now the community seems to be more interested in rehashes of maps from old FPS games instead of making new stuff.There’s a lot of potential in the game, but remakes from maps from your favorite FPS games when you were a kid is not the way to do it.The new patches make ROTT a lot more fun. Quicksaving doesn’t fix the bad level design, awful platforming, and the obnoxious bosses, but it does make the game more fun and relaxing when you don’t have to rely on poorly-spaced checkpoints when going through a bad level. Thanks to quicksaving, I feel that ROTT is a worthy purchase for anyone that likes old school FPS games, even if you’ve never played the original. There’s still several problems that probably won't be fixed, but quick saving is a good enough band-aid that it’ll make it easier to stomach them."
,Recommended,217140,12381755,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,thedarkwhatever,"good stuff, get it."
,Recommended,217140,7514953,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Rise of the Triad is a fast paced throwback to the games of yesteryear. Back when games had excuse plots, moving platforms, powerups and high octane multiplayer.It's a blast to play and the devs were really nice about the whole thing. They patched in mod support and allowed you to recreate the original game's levels in a 1-1 fashion. So you can have your remake in your remake while playing your remake.While I originally had complaints about Rise of the Triad they were nullified in patches. They patched in quicksaving, mod support and fixed most of the technical issues. Now Rise of the Triad reigns supreme, as one of the best shooters of 2013."
,Recommended,217140,7786190,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Potato-kun Joey,Fast paced Gory action! What do you need more? GO BUY IT NOW!
,Recommended,217140,7752720,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,🍕 ᴢᴀᴄʜᴡᴀᴠᴇ♬,"Dope remake of a classic. Looks amazing and plays flawlessly. Some levels have hot garbo segments but otherwise extremely fun and satisfying. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet jokes, but theres some funny♥♥♥♥♥♥to go along. Get it on sale."
,Recommended,217140,11795359,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,vr00mie,"I might be biased due to being part of the production of Rise of the Triad, but I will say that it really gave me that amazing feeling of nostalgia. And you get to rocket jump. Just saying."
,Not Recommended,217140,20043683,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,| GHOST |,"Review:The concept of the game is pleasing, though at the core it's riddled with problems; be it bugs or optimization issues. To the point where it frequently hampers my enjoyment. I can handle buggy games, though when it comes to a cloud of locus it becomes difficult to ignore.Mainly dealing with AI, enemies, and their models being utterly janky, often you will see a model in its standard stiff pose as if it's ready to be animated. This is not the rare happening, every single level I have encountered this issue. The shill will say simply agro them, instead of picking them off while they're in this state, I could do this, but it is still a glaring design flaw and bug that any game designer not matter the team, would eventually want to root out.And then there's the down right poor design flaws, with the hit scan approach to enemies, be it a boss fight or common fodder, every ecounter will leave you with you feeling pain, often in droves. A shooter certainly can use the hit scan enemy, though it requires the designer(s) to be smart about their placement, instead enemies are carelessly placed with no way to avoid the hail of bullets. The most eregious aspect of this, encompasses enemies shooting you from unknow places, and behind gates that rocket's blast radius is prone to miss even when the explosion lies an inch before the enemy. Perhaps not a bug, but it's an awful over sight, that not even many of the classics fell victim too, as much of a carnival ride the Build engine was, it didn't skimp on the explosions.There's seldom a post, beam, or anything to cover behind, something even a shooter as old as Wolfenstein 3D allows. Even the classics understood it was cheap to be killed by a bullet from someone not readily visible on the screen, often they will design the levels in a certain way to allow the player a means of  playing it smart, or a way for those low on ammo while against a fearsome foe to trudge foward. Instead with RoTT you are left a linear way of dealing with enemies, using you rockets in sellect ways, which with the average shooter would be fine, though may I remind your main weapon in this game is a series of rocket launchers.On top of that there's platforming which is often used to kill you, and used in the most idiosyncratic of places, as a means of prolonging the length of the game, in a very diabolical way. Even going as far as to negate a star for quick saving for said areas, it's truly silly. Not to say I dislike the platforming, as it stands, if it was used in more opportune situations, and you possibly had more body awareness it'd be more than competent.Judgement:There's a good game under all of this jank, despite all of the listed issues, I have enjoyed certain things this game has to offer. Often creative level design, that require one to play like a speed demon, even if its pulled down by those certain moments of linearity, and tight rooms of hit scans, there's some serious fun to be had. That is, if you are able to circumvent the aforementioned problems plaguing this game.6/10Performance:My framerate is also very sporadic, despite having a fairly good build, ain't no I7, but there's no reason an I5 shouldn't be able to consistently run this game. In certain areas I'll have 150-200 fps, more intense ones 60-100 fps, then randomly in what by all means should be rather low demanding areas, it'll be 30-60 fps. Indie game or not, there is no clear reason why the optimization should be this horrible, it's ♥♥♥♥ing Unreal Engine 3 and an ugly game at that.For reference here is my build:CPUIntel Core i5 4590 @ 3.30GHzRAM8.00GB Single-Channel DDR3 @ 666MHz (9-9-9-24)Graphics4096MB ATI AMD Radeon R9 380 Series (380x)"
,Not Recommended,217140,11146218,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Monsieur-Owly,"The myth of Rise of the TriadBefore the next-gen consoles and the achievements era there was chaos.Mouse cursor didn't even exist at that time.Chaos was a black screen filled with white text.Some call it DOS.DOS gave birth to five young FPS:Wolfenstein, Doom, Rise of the Triad, Duke Nukem and Shadow Warrior.The first child was made of rooms and corridors.The second added stairs, elevators and hordes.The fourth added environment interactions in modern setting.The fifth merged China and Japan as one culture.What about the third child?He was the strangest of all five.He was made of floating platforms, deadly traps and trampolines.As time passes the five FPS had to struggle against their successors and competitors.All of them met a different fate.Wolfenstein made to the modern era and set a new order.Doom is waiting for the resurrection of evil to spread hell on earth.Duke Nukem couldn't stand the 3 dimensional realms forever.Shadow Warrior made to the modern era as he picked the lucky fortune cookie.What about the third child?Time has been cruel with Rise of the Triad.Death took him in a gibs fest while he was begging for his life.And thus he never made to the modern era.Rating:5.0"
76561198022497251,Recommended,217140,10976291,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,dizman99,"It hardly resembles to the original, but ROTT is still a fine and solid shooter. Recommended."
76561198006776092,Recommended,217140,9901183,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,TurboMoreTarGmBH,"Wow, pure high octane action. I love it. Some important things to note however, this is not your typical COD like shooting, the story is near meaningless, the AI does little more than stand in the place where it spawned and shoot in your general direction. But that is ok, this game is in no way serious, This is a game about guns, that is is pure and simple it is a game about guns and what happens when you shoot them at felshy, explosive and otherwise interesting every day objects.Now, this isnt to say that the game isn't challanging, the levels are full of secret room, puzzles and all sorts of other cool things to keep you entertained. I can also see myslef picking this game up a lot to learn the levels and get better at speed running, something that I've always enjoyed to do on other old school shooters like doom.To summerize this game is awesome and when you have 10 min to play and nothing to do its a great shooter with plenty of mindless action to keep your adrenaline pumping"
,Recommended,217140,10285748,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xz-Zjwxepe4
76561198035470807,Recommended,217140,11061840,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Nacho Man Randy Sassage,"Meet Ted. Ted is a meth addict, everything he does is with speed (both kinds). Ted has to go fast all the time, just like Sanic. Nothing stands in the way of Ted, even when he had to go on sale to pay the bills. Ted is a great guy and an incredibly time consuming fellow. Ted will never betray you with CoD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery. Ted is an old school fellow.Buy RoTTExperience a game that Ted calls life.Speed is the most important thing to both Ted and RoTT"
76561197998683527,Recommended,217140,11070815,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,cj76,Where is every bowdeh?
76561198044452947,Recommended,217140,11216278,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,one1djack,"Awesome gun and run game, plays true to the original ROT game. Lots of humor and graphics look great! Great deal if you get it on sale!"
,Recommended,217140,28659,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,|AZ|Nabeshin,I have only one word... ludicrous!
,Recommended,217140,1274714,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Falk The Wolf,"A MUST BUY!!!!If you love good old FPS games as Doom and Quake and still loves to play games like those will love this one. It´s fast, it´s brutal and it´s loud!The controlls with the keyboard+mouse is nearly perfect in my opinion....the aiming is good, the movemant is intuitive and works fine with the gaming speed.I don´t blame that i preordered it and would do it again ^^"
76561198102887663,Recommended,217140,11214484,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,edyman,This games ir Apogee software remake from 1994/1995 original
,Recommended,217140,11575047,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Grebnedlog,"This is what Duke Nukem Forever SHOULD have been. Fast paced, old school, self aware, campy shooter. This game is loads of fun in singleplayer, but really shines in competitive multiplayer. I would definitely buy this again!"
,Recommended,217140,11325548,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Svethlane,I can gib people by barking 15/8 would buy again
76561198044339749,Recommended,217140,11327847,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Dino Spumoni,i found a secret area that contained an erotic photo of kim jong un. 11/10
,Recommended,217140,11437941,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ArgonautRam,Fast paced First Person Shooter! Fun but more challenging than most FPSs I've played.
,Recommended,217140,11488215,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Kommando,"Haha! This is damn amazing, ROTT2013 makes so many 90s FPS jokes. Everything about this is homage to the run and gun FPS of legend. Play this."
76561197961928882,Recommended,217140,12405219,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,ΛИdïmลl [☂],Great to get a taste of what brought me into obsession of FPS' twenty years go !!
,Recommended,217140,11044525,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ruc0,"I watched Nazis fly through the air at 100km/h into a wall, turning into muck.11/10"
,Recommended,217140,11461925,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,SFNP84,"If you did like the old version of ROTT back from the 1994, then the new version are a must. It has the same weapons, same enemy, robots and much more, but in a new style and graphic.I’m not done jet, but it is worth all the money."
76561197997950333,Recommended,217140,11466245,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,[BT]Vorden,"Fun old school shooter, I am a bit disapointed the multiplayer isn't as elaborite as the orginal but still fun single player."
76561198051114168,Recommended,217140,11525800,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,darkslayer6666,Fast-paced and fun!If only there were more players/servers online....Get it when you have a chance and you won't be disappointed!
76561198131635053,Recommended,217140,12387469,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,[Bantum] Geppetto,"Very classic shooter really takes you back to the days of Doom, Wolfenstein, Rise of the triadand the advent of the Arena shooter :-) very fun8/10"
76561197970311663,Recommended,217140,12396228,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Dacton,"I haven't heard too much about this game and was not even aware of it's release at all. Stumbled upon it after looking for the original. For the sale price of a few bucks it was a must buy.Glad I did, it gets you right into the action and although a little un-realistic in some areas, this was definitely not the point of the game. It is a good old run/jump/shoot anything that moves - only with up-to-date graphics."
76561198136539750,Recommended,217140,11546973,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Blacksmiff,"This game is almost perfect. I Guess it runs on the unreal engine, so it runs great on both my toshiba satellite laptop and the custom gaming rig I have. I have a few distinct problems here.- unreal engine- no split screen deathmatch- the speed is like unreal tournament- the kills are a lot like unreal tournament- feels kinda ungroundedI do appreciate the game however, because it is cool.the characters are fun, the graphics are awesomeand the game is playable.but based on the above, you will love the game, but not run back to it to finish it unless its a rainy day. yes, my time on it is not as much as many others, but its a pain when in order to compete with ithers in this genre, you wont compete in areas like:-splitscreen deathmatch/coop-a few more awesome weaponsetc,etcI like the game. but I guess I expect too much to want to play with my friends on my big tv. Whats the point of HDMI if you cant run the game better than a console?so on that, I suggest it, if you dont mind playing solo."
76561198042446568,Recommended,217140,11208281,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,henry.s.rea,"Unrealistic, buggy, frenetic, pick your complaint; it's all irrelevant. I can't help but think some of the negative reviews are coming from those who weren't reared on 80s and 90s arcade style gaming. There aren't markers leading you around the map, it isn't some grand-scale Zynga/iPad game like much of what modern gaming has become, and there are no pretensions to high art. Games in our age are either based in mindless repetition/accumulation  and/or are attempting to replace books and movies by guiding you benignly through a plot; thankfully, ROTT breaks that mold entirely. ROTT offers a sweet, simple, often forgotten goal: getting the high score. Achieving this is difficult, but the path to doing so is both straightforward and thrilling.One comment I've seen in forums as a complaint is: ""enemies shoot you from far across the map where you can't see them"". I implore any readers of this review to understand: that is the point. Games aren't meant to hold your hand or play fair. If you want linear quests and cinematically placed enemies play a different game; otherwise, find and kill the hidden guy shooting you.Again, no questmarkers. No ""spam X to achieve Y"". No ""walk to the next cutscene"". How is it that such a childish game as ROTT asks more of us than the high-budget, high-profile games that, rather, turn us into children?"
,Recommended,217140,11510134,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,godspeeeed,"i just want to recommend it, no review"
,Recommended,217140,11648207,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Savarin,"Well, they managed to make a game that felt like one from the classic era with full 2013 graphics. You move stupidly fast and don't regenerate health, with most of your weapons reducing people to meat rather than cheese.It's enjoyable, but it's hard to say if you would like it too. At the very least, it stands out in a sea of beige crap where you hide behind walls for three seconds after taking a bullet."
,Recommended,217140,11249629,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,aNtraXx,"This game just reminds me of the better times. If you know all the good old classics you played on your 486 and you want to get a ride 20 years in the past, then this game is for you!But I would not recommend it to all those younger gamers who I refer to as ""Call of Duty"" generation though."
,Recommended,217140,11439306,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ThE_MarD,"Heyyo, a remake of a classic FPS game. The graphics are good and the gameplay is fast. I like it. :)"
,Recommended,217140,23195606,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Rook,"Great old-school arcadey shooting..... But, poopy framerates almost no matter what. If you're prepared to turn that resolution down, by all means give this a go. Still, you might only be ranging in 40-45 fps in open areas."
76561197967873495,Recommended,217140,16666830,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FRESH CLOTHES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,This game is so awesome. Brings me back to the 90's era of awesome deathmatch fast paced type gaming. Skyfall is by far my favorite type of map. Nice and simple and has great music!
,Recommended,217140,8639970,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,A meme,its  the most epic game in the plannet it has A CRAP LOAD OF GORE AND FREAKING AWESOME STUFF THAT WILL BREAK YOUR FACE OPEN TO A MILLION FREAKING PIECES THE EPICNESS WILL MELT YOUR FREAKING FACE INTO A FREAKING AWESOME PUDDLE OF FREAKING AWESOMENESS STUPID FACE NOW FREAKING BUY THIS FREAKING GAME BEFORE I COME TO YOUR HOUSE AND BURN IT TO THE FREAKING GROUND!!!!!!!!!!!! GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOLY CRAP THIS IS FREAKING AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! YOU NEED A FREAKING AWESOME COMPUTER TO FREAKING RUN THIS FREAKING GAME #SWAG # SWAG #SWAG #SWAG    YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO    swag HOLY CRAP BUY THIS GAME MAN WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU WAITING FOR ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OR SOMETHING THIS GAME IS TO EPIC WITH FREAKING BLACK METAL AND CRAP BUY IT SO I DONT HAVE TO MAKE THIS FREAKING LONG REVIEW TO FREAKING TELL YOU HOW FREAKING AWESOME THIS FREAKING GAME IS FREAKING IS BEFORE I RIP YOUR FACE OPEN AND SPLAT THE BRAINS ALL OVER THE FREAKING WALL RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GRRRRR I WILL KILL YOU IF YOU DONT GET THIS FREAKING AWESOME GAME GFHFGDFHGGCGF GET IT NOW ALREADY IM TELLING YOU   GET IT GET IT GET IT GET  IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG YOLO YOLO YOLOI WILL STICK THE DEVS BRAINS IN A FREAKING BLENDER UNTI IT TURNS INTO A DRINK AND DRINK IT AND BECOME FREAKING AWESOME LIKE THE FREAKING GAME DEVS BECAUSE THE FREAKING GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME FREAKING GAME OF FREAKING GAMES OF GAMES OF REAKING AWESOME FRICKEN NESS STUPID HHEAD NOW GO FIGURE THIS OUT BEFORE I RIP YOUR EYES OUT AND STICK IT UP YOUR FREAK NOSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GAAAHHHHHDFHFGHJDD!
,Recommended,217140,11844574,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Unconquered,"The original was the first shooter game I have ever played. I've played the shareware numerous times, before getting the full version. This remake does a decent job at nostalgia. Heck Episode 2 is probably my favorite levels here.Some mechanics feel dated and the toilet humour can be annoying.In the end games like Painkiller(2004) really overshadow this, with much better evolution of the old school mechanics. Painkiller did everything better, because if you're modernizing an old game with just fancy graphics it feels stupid that the enemy in ROTT act like the 2D sprites with their stiff animation, lack of movements and 100% accuracy.  Sometimes you enter a large area and theres a guard with a pistol firing beyond the draw distance. The robot guards have a 100% accuraccy and whats worst is that theres so much particle effects that you're screen is a purple flashbang. The monk stages are even more annoying.Mutiplayer can't outdo Quake 3 or UT04, but still nice to have it in there.ROTT is still worth getting if you played the original and oved it. If you haven't, then I'd suggest you pick it on sale."
76561198071024810,Recommended,217140,11844398,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tempest51,"Remember the original rise of the triad? No? Yeah, story of my life. If you have, you would know how fun the game is. The HD remake does a perfect job recreating the old game to play and look like a modern game. It does get pretty hard later on, and a quick save wouldnt go astray, but this is one i think most people will enjoy"
76561198035270780,Recommended,217140,11575623,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,✪ B3K5T4R ✪,"Just a crazy shoot em up, but somehow different from others really enjoyed this title"
76561197974499791,Recommended,217140,657220,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,The True Mask,"Great game especially for fans of the original. The game isn't perfect but it's a highly refreshing getaway from most cover-based modern shooters. Their are some glitches here and there, but I haven't been finding too many since I started playing (no gamebreakers or anything that I'm aware of). The boss battles are very fun and inventive and the gameplay is batshit insane (fighting a crippled nerdy nazis with a baseball bat kind of insane thing). The enemies are pretty interesting as some will attempt steal your gun and try to kill you with it, one throws grenades, one does a barrel roll, and one taunts you in hilariously executed Arnold Schwarzenegger puns. There are also loads of secrets and puns (My favorite being dedicated to Full Life Consequences Freedman). The game is easily at least a 7.5 experience... to me almost a 9! :DAlso if your going to let reviews impact your decision at least ignore IGN. They didn't mention boss battles which occur at the end of every single chapter (making me wonder if they even got to one considering in their gameplay video they didn't beat the 1st mission.) They said the enemies don't attempt to dodge your gunshots and that they don't throw grenades which both are proven false within the 1st level as Heavy's will throw grenades and officers do dodge your bullets and rockets (makes you wonder if they even beat the 1st level which is about 5-10 minutes long). They trashed this game for glitches and gave it 4.3 saying illogical stuff like ""The mechanics are dated (without really explaining how so) and thrashing it for glitches, while giving Skyrim a 9.5 and writing off all of it's glitches with ""Oh yeah theirs some crashes, some things that make it incompleteable but the game is real epic so 9.5!"" Please only pay attention to non Biased reviews and ignore trash reviews like IGN.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,217140,10819369,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Phobos,"A revival of the 90's game.  It's a goofy, fast-paced, shoot-em-up FPS.  Gets pretty repetitive, but worth the purchase if it is >$10.  I mainly got it because I loved RotT when I was a little kid and wanted to see if they stook to their roots (They did for the most part)."
,Recommended,217140,10739612,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HeavyHDx,"The game is extremely entertaining, it has health-packs, secrets, boss-fights, everything that you know and love from oldschool-shooters. I would recommend it to anyone who likes FPS, but the performance is terrible sometimes."
,Not Recommended,217140,28228500,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DMStewart,"Was awesome. Now it runs at 3-7 fps and is unplayable. At first, playing on smaller machine, I thought something was wrong with the rig. Then I fired it up on my dual gpu X99 system and its definitely the games fault. A shame that Apogee, the once king of PC games, cant make a DX9 game run right at the present. I was hoping for a resurgence from Apogee. Dont think thats gonna happenEDIT/UPDATE 1/10/17: reinstalled after reformat of SSD. Tried running both 32 and 64 bit. While 32 bit does run better it still has problems that really shouldnt exist. Perfect example, in the screenshot below a certain gun (that has a video screen that can be turned on and off) that causes FPS to drop (sometimes down to 5 fps) when activated. Right click, in place of ADS, turns on the montior attached to the gun. Doing so makes the game unplayable.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=839732793Can the game be played without that gun and that function? Sure. But its not the only issue it has. Lightning in game and in the menu screen just makes the game itself flash rather than have the lightning effect translate. Other FPS drops happen for reasons I cant seem to figure out. Running it on its stock settings - which is a 1280x700ish is the only way I can get the game to run smoothly in both 32 and 64 bit. Ive tested it now with three separate video cards. Specs belowi7-5930k16gb DDR4 @2400mhz, 2133mhz, and downclocked all the way to 1333mhzGPUs tested: RX480, 290x Lightning (crossfire and single gpu), 980Ti Kingpin980Ti tested with most current driver and AMD drivers tested with past 4 Crimson WHQL and 1 Previous Beta driver. The 980Ti had the lowest drop in FPS on the weapon alt-fire shown above. However, the lightning screen flash (and screen tearing as a result of the lightning) was more pronounced in 980Ti and the RX480 vs the 290x Lightning. But the 290X Lightning experienced the worst FPS drop with the gun with the monitor when alt-fire/ADS was activated.In other words, no matter what gpu's I use I have to deal with areas in the game that make it run like it was made by a 1st time dev and not Apogee, one of the largest, trend-setting, publishes in PC gmaing history."
,Recommended,217140,11293744,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Major Dick Bong,"Rise of the Triad is all about nostalgia, about capturing a feeling of days long past and conveying it perfectly across the drifts of time.When I play Rise of the Triad, I really feel as if I'm in middle school computer lab again and playing a demo for some budget title that I'll close and forget about once our teacher starts showing us how to use Microsoft Excel. I am amazed that a piece of media is able to bring me back to the sights, the sounds, and yes - even the smells! -  of a time in my life I had forgotten for years.Despite its graphical ugliness, gamebreaking bugs, and outdated and frustrating mechanics, this is the closest gaming has ever come to emulating the sublime brilliance of Marcel Proust."
76561198153045246,Recommended,217140,12363021,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"Having only played 2 hours of this game, will sum up in a short bit as follows:Captures old-dos-game arcade fps feel very well, better than most.If you miss how games used to be made in the 90s or enjoy other dosbox-powered classics on Steam now and again, this is just for you.  Modern graphics are a far jump from 320x200x8bit vga gfx of yesteryear (20 years ago!).Whole-heartedly recommended to anyone who wants a game they can just 'jump right into' without having to battle a learning curve for hours on end.  Attention was paid to detail, even wall corners chip off bits of concrete when shot.All your favorite original dos ROTT soundtracks are back, with a modern flare, and gives the game it's arcade feel nicely (a nice break from the gloom-and-doom soundtracks that accompanies many modern titles).Great game to keep your reflexes up when you have frequent home invasions here in the city or if your ex-boss'es family won't stop coming in your home."
76561198059876502,Recommended,217140,12365562,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Captain Carrion,SPEED. ROCKETS. BULLETS. BLOOD.PLAY RISE OF THE TRIAD.
76561198070386406,Recommended,217140,11801573,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Uriel1776,One of the best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,217140,12369099,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,ziphrax,Rediculously over the top but awesome.
76561198012087696,Recommended,217140,11508929,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,shdw1011,Great new graphics on an age old classic!
,Recommended,217140,15772330,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Duski: Unboxer Ultra,"An absolute blast!Definately one of - if not the best FPS I have ever laid my eyes upon,A mix of the fast and loose 90's games with the gore, exitement and graphics of modern games.its unbeliveable this is a remake and a sin that its under the radar.While it may be slightly glitchy (and maybe a little too fast!) with some enemies seemingly flying everywhere, the game with plays it using its 90's-esque chharm and brutal humor, having it build the game rather than creating an unplesent experience; Somehow forming such smooth yet sharp gameplay.With a reasonably dumb story and relaxed ""blokey"" attitude thats not clever and is there to kill brain-cells  rather than get you your physics degreethat will have you in stitches rather than ...Graphics are sleek with good range of options, giving less excuses not to try this >:3Seriously consider this, and insta-buy if its on sale, Check out some gameplay and just try not adding it to your wishlist, I dare you! >:D"
76561198012390569,Recommended,217140,8075198,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Willow Woods,"Classic FPS in a new age. Sure its graphics seem a bit from the early 2000's but this really brings back classic PC shooters from the late 80's and early 90's. From Wolfenstein to the original Duke Nukem side scroller. Its action packed, with a ♥♥♥♥♥in soundtrack that makes you feel invincibleDon't play it for the story, play it for the feel.If you born 1995+ just walk away kiddo.. men  at work here."
,Recommended,217140,9716480,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,FReeKAZoid,This game is a blast. Recommended for people who like to shoot alot. 5 out of 5 from me.
,Recommended,217140,4306247,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,DudeDesigns,"This is the best FPS I have ever played in a good 5 years.I'm serious.You'll find none of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ recharging health, aim down sight to win, overly boring plot, closed bland level design.All you get is heart pounding action, excellent, large, and open level design, level secrets, boss encounters, and LUDICROUS GIBS.The game is pretty much a 1:1 reimaging of the original ROTT: Dark War, and that's absolutely fine with me.This game is 15 dollars. For ♥♥♥♥s sake thats enough to tell you to buy it. Call of Ducky is like what, 59.99?"
,Recommended,217140,9722012,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kernspalt-Kartoffel,It is just fun to play and contains a lot of content and replayvalue :D
,Recommended,217140,7627219,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,gamepak,"This game is the answer to modern day gamers' prayers for a better game. It's got all the elements of newer games, graphics that hold up incredibly nice, a jammin' soundtrack (that can be changed to reflect the classic game's soundtrack as well!), and best of all, the old-school run and gun, no remorse, unforgiving challenge gameplay. The multiplayer is kind of dead already though, which is incredibly disappointing, but it's not the fault of the developers, it just needs to be discovered by more people. If you're looking for ""the game"" to change how you play games, this is definitely where you want to start. And don't be surprised if you stay here for a while."
,Recommended,217140,6680402,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,DarkRaven115,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198046022152,Recommended,217140,11214679,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Şlap,"Well,the game is good,very fun and hectic but it's runs like crap...If it runs like hell now,I can't imagine how it ran before the performance patch."
,Recommended,217140,11233677,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,War Radish,"Abso-effing-lutely buy this!:If you were ever a fan of the original FPSs, or any great FPS around this era, just buy this!It's a classic experience in the old-school stylee.  Full of hidden areas, other secrets, daft storey-line etc.Flame me after if I'm wrong (not expecting many flame, but here's always a few :P)"
76561197970420609,Recommended,217140,11235360,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,RetiredFF,A great original FPS. Get it!
76561197972436640,Recommended,217140,11295734,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Hexen,"Wonderful flashback to old school FPS games. Love the reboot and the price is even better. Seriously, this is a $40 game easy but for $15 - it's a steal."
76561198139614545,Recommended,217140,11323797,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Wonderpill,"I played the original, 20+ years ago.  It was the first game that my dad ever actually bought for me.  He saw me playing the demo, pretty much non-stop, and found out what it was.  This was the infancy of FPS games, and after him seeing me beat Wolfenstein 3d, Doom and Doom 2, and Editing both of them non-stop, he knew that there was something about this game, that had to be awesome.He stole my Demo.I was Away for the weekend at a Track meet, and when I got home Sunday night, there he was playing the game on his Computer.  I had no idea what he was playing.  He turned around and mentioned that this game was really good.  Yeah.Monday After school, I finally got to play the full game, on my slower computer, with the screen shrunk down to 80%, and It was amazing.  I played through the game long enough to get bored of gaming on PC... which now that I think back... this is the game that killed PC gaming for me.Not realizing the last statement, I bought the game on the cheap on Steam, mapped the controls to a 360 controller, and gave it a whirl.Nostalgia.The only driving force in playing this game was nostalgia.It has the effect of Pancakes, with extra butter, syrup, vanilla ice cream and cherry compote.  Those first 3 or 4 bites are amazing.  But tastebud overload subsided, you realize, you don't really want this any more.By the time I made it to the 3rd level, I was bored.  I had the strange feeling that the first few levels were ripped from the original game design.  Up until this point, I felt my interest in the game waning pretty fast... and then it happened.  I died.The exact same thing happens to me, like a stored trigger point, every time I play a game for Nostalgia.  What ever caused me to press quit game the very last time I played the game, seems to do it all over.This happens every time I play anything old.  SMB, DK, Street Fighter, it doesn't matter.  Game over means... Hey I'm playing something else.Over all,if you are playing the game for a budget entertainment standpoint: Buy it.if you are looking to revitalize a memory from years gone by: Buy it... but don't expect Pinnacle of gaming, like it was."
,Recommended,217140,11329076,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rowsdower,"There are many old school (sounds corny) shooters out there but Rise of the Triad is one of the best. Here's why.First there is a points system so you can set yourself up higher. You can also do this with the achievements. You get points based on the coins you find, how well you kill enemies, and the difficulty you are playing on.Second it's challenging. This mostly comes from the traps at first (Leon S Kennedy probably played this game before rescuing Ashley in Europe) but later on you find yourself facing tougher enemies. You WILL feel satisfied when you beat the final boss.Third you are encouraged to use powerful weapons. Frequently you will find a powerful weapon that has about 8 shots. So you will these shots immedieatly instead of saving it because you will more than likely find another powerful weapon a minute later. Theres also plenty of fun powerups and powerdownsFourth it has autosaves so you don't have to predict how the level is gonna be and use a quicksave in a bad spot (quicksaves give a penalty)This game is different because it requires you to dodge traps. Once you get used to it you will have the reflexes of a quicktime event.So if you are looking for an old school shooter try this one out. You will only be dissapointed if you don't like a challenge (you can always try easy)"
,Recommended,217140,11240659,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Swamp Lord,it's just good wholesome family entertainment. seriously though it's a lotta fun and i highly recommend you get into it.
,Recommended,217140,11241101,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,FromTheEast,"Stupid ridiculous fun. Revamped original; deep in nostalgia. Buy it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198009634062,Recommended,217140,11241405,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Get Squinkies >:@,"Absolutly worth a purchase. Bots are coming soon, and multiplayer is a hardcore twitch FPS'ers dream. Unfourtanatly, it has framrate stability issues, and for a game this quick and reaction time based, that aspect does hurt the game. A solic campaing. Again, worth the only 15 bucks. Look great."
,Recommended,217140,11290341,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,bigbadken,"You can go to the bar and spend $15 on two watered down martinis for that fugly gf of yours to whiz out 2 hours later, or you can buy this game and shoot me in the head with a bazooka every night forever.  Your choice."
,Recommended,217140,11291756,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,MAGA 2020,"It's just like an FPS made in the 90's except with a lot better technology.The game might not be everyone's cup of tea, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.I especially like how it's not just a shooting game like most first person shooters being churned out now."
,Recommended,217140,11215483,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Pickle,"PC exclusive with the poorest optimization I've ever seen, puts shameless console ports to shame."
76561198119378407,Recommended,217140,11234141,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Fart Brains,"Deathmatch heaven. Quake, Wolfenstien and Doom fans rejoice. Campaign is cool, finding all the secrets and blowing people to bits is always fun."
76561198028156679,Recommended,217140,11296879,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,arlow5,I totaly love the fps aspect of this game . But could do with less puzzels that I hate puzzles in                                                       fps games with a passion . It slowes the game down it takes to long in rooms not shooting the hell out of bad guysmore BAD GUYS and moore GUNS . Did i say i hate puzzles love carnage moore carnage i will say yes on recommending the fps but DONT recommend BECAUSE OF ALL THE DAMNE puzzles
,Recommended,217140,11240396,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,littlenewbie,"I expected another Duke Nukem Forever. Turns out, it's not a crappy sequel, it's a faithful remake. And it's sooo good. Then I discovered a secret area with retro graphics and pushed on a retro wall which slid out of the way to reveal a retro secondary (hidden) exit. I have no more words."
,Recommended,217140,11251398,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Red_Devil,"Tons of Fun!  Excellent graphics, physics, weapons, AI.  Very fast- paced, so it's perfect for 5-hour energy  :-)   Only did Singleplayer so far, but it was excellent and demands a replay or two...and more."
,Recommended,217140,9729814,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Armin,REAL MANS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!! FULL OF TESTOSTERONE AND COMEPLETELY ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
76561197984765152,Recommended,217140,9779108,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,DarthPostalDude,"This is a remake of a 90s old school shooter.Rise of the triad is an old school shooter so the story matters least and is almost completely forgotten during gameplay.The gameplay is your good old-old school shooter where you explore levels going from point A to B and killing everything along the way but rise of the triad is somewhat unique amount old school shooters:You have the choice of 5 different characters to play as who all vary in speed and toughness,You have a four weapon limit where you have dual pistols with infinite ammo and no reloading, you have an mp40 with infinite ammo and no reloading, and you have one more spot of shotguns and various and fun and interesting rocket launchers and flamethrowers, and a mystical baseball bat, and a staff,You have power ups which are: god mode(literally), dog mode, and getting high…The health in this game is porridge which gives you much more health if you cook it first,You do have reloading but it’s a joke on modern shooters! It does nothing, it’s just an animation,The music is mostly rock but it doesn’t really sound that good, it is quite good but when you compare it to the songs in serious sam, the soundtrack to painkiller, the soundtrack to DOOM 1 and 2 it’s not that good.You also collect coins and you have a bit of platforming and some interesting level design.Problems:The pistols and the SMG aren’t very fun too use.The voice acting is very bad and the main characters are very annoying.The final boss is really cheap in terms of difficulty to the point where I was playing the game on hard but I had to but it down to easy on the final boss.This is a very good game and serves as a reminder of how dull and boring and easy shooters have become, defiantly get this game if you like old school shooters."
,Recommended,217140,8328893,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mach,"I'll recommend this, but it's not what I wanted it to be, perhaps I'm getting old.The fun of the game, the sillyness, the music, the SFX have all been faithfully remastered and I find myself constantly reminded of the original and frankly brilliant ROTT which stole so much of my teenage years especially with the map editor, every game we'd fire it up, enable cheats, whack ludicrous gibs on and blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everything, loved it. I't also refreshing to see a game mock itself.Good points :+ Dedicated multiplayer servers, YES! No peer to peer!+ Fun frantic combat.+ Very faithful to the original humour.+ Picked up for £2.50+ Old Skool deathmatch, bam dead, bam dead, good fun for a blast.Bad points :+ It's too fast, ok, maybe I'm old, but the game could be 10% slower and 10% more fun at the same time.+ Too much FX, I literally had Kasto in a corner and he couldn't see me because of all the explosions I was making.+ I wish they'd made it more like the original, keyboard controlled, no looking up or down just wizzing around, Doom / Wolfenstien / Rott style with amazing graphics.+ Too hard to see other players in deathmatch, could be resolved by the above! The game is so fast introducing looking up and down into the equation means there's just too much to do.+ Voices are funny at first but there's simply not enough variation to keep it going for long."
,Recommended,217140,9198079,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Jacuzzi,"Fast paced and a hilarious first-person shooter, must play for fans of classic FPS's. But be warned its not easy :)"
,Recommended,217140,1056624,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Blitzmane,JOHN MADDEN AIEOU
76561197962584064,Recommended,217140,125147,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Zeragrin,If you miss playing first person shooters circa 1994 this game is for you. RUN SHOOT SWEAR!
,Recommended,217140,1383627,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Snowflake!,"A surprise remake with its ups and downs, but definitely revolutionizes the original FPS with a much harder difficulty, traps around every corner, bloody gibs a-plenty, and many laughs to be had. Eat lead!+ A long-time coming revision of a long-lost FPS classic+ Beautifully rendered in Unreal Engine 3+ Great for nostalgic DOS gamers and modern FPS gamers alike- Buggy in some spots- Needs performance optimization for mid-range PCs and lower- In-game food is not vegan-friendly nor kosher"
,Recommended,217140,2241765,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Lance Charleson,"GG Frederik, GG. =)"
76561198171428995,Recommended,217140,26488079,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Tony Iommi,"This game is awesome. A great reboot of the original,with classic elements combined with modern features. I highly recommend this game for oldschool lovers,who's know what means first person shooters gold era. E1L4 theme, ""Going down the fast way"" gives me a mega nostalgia creeps.. I like the speed of game keeping the oldschool feeling,and the easter eggs (secret level of episode 2,for example). I don't understand why this game have negative reviews :|. Anyway,in conclusion,i recommend this game especially those who love '90's shooters."
76561198170377573,Recommended,217140,23615086,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ZioMcCall,"I played the original Rott from 1994 time ago with Dosbox and i very enjoyed it.Time ago,for my birthday they gift me some moneys and i used them for buy the reboot and,damn,what faboulous game i bought.Fast gameplay,cool graphics and maps.The thing that i really like about this game are the soundtrack by Andrew Hulshult(i love him Doom's ost remake too)and the fact that the game is not much different from the original rott,see there are the same weapons,same enemies,point system and etc.If you like Doom,Wolfenstein 3D,Quake,Duke Nukem 3d,buy this game now!"
,Recommended,217140,8907467,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,lunch masta,"Fast paced, blood and guts and unlimited ammo.A wacky Wolfenstein with multiple playable characters, coin grabs, power-ups, bouncy pads, traps, moving platforms and insane weapons, complete with a badass soundtrack.It's about 8 hours in length but given it's price and replayability, that's god damn amazing. There is no reason not to own this game.I wish more FPS were like this."
,Recommended,217140,35351470,Posted: 30 September,all,Khθurchεv,"Good and fun remake. if you played the old rott95 you will like this version if not, this game is not for youPROS:Original music redone and it's HEAVY METAL !!! plus there's the old ones.Nice graphics.Fair amount of weapons, which are cool.Excellent and funny voice acting.Decent sound effects.Good story, same as the old one.Different characters, each one with its own pros and cons.Challenging to do 100% achievements.Various Easter-eggs.Trading cards.Steam Workshop.CONS:Annoying launcher.Online dead (?)No quick saving.Bugs, bad optimization, random craches...etcSome levels can be pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to complete them.▂▃▅▇█Final judgement: 80/100█▇▅▃▂"
,Recommended,217140,8065162,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,GRRRR,"Plain fun. You got fast gameplay and nonlinear thematically varied yet sound and well designed levels with lotsa secrets - very reminiscent of old Doom albeit this doesnt reach the same enemy density by far :PThere are difficulty spikes especially with the bosses and some of the many jumping/trap sections which im still unsure if they wanna make me strangle the person who made them or if theyre genius, mostly because you dont really see stuff like that in newer games (and however infuriating they may be you cant argue theyre not well designed too).A few technical issues like somewhat poor optimization and a semi functional quicksave, nothing major imo.You itching for some doom style fps where you can shoot not-nazis and collect coins which make plink-plink sounds in mines, missile bases and other friendly vacation spots, get this. Oh yeah the remixed soundtrack is pretty rocking too."
76561198088947947,Recommended,217140,8111638,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,HarpoonTheGoon,its fun i wont lie. its reminds me alot of quake and you can just get into the campaign and just play! its realy fast paced and you have to have good reaction. the only bad part is that the multiplayer is dead. PLZ help revive it!
,Recommended,217140,8414739,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cr0c0dile486,"Great remake, love the level redesign and faithfulness. Also the classic FPS levels adopted for it are great. There needs to be a larger community for this game. One of the best fast paced online shooters I've played in a while."
,Recommended,217140,7739646,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,An actual old-school FPS
76561197974911357,Recommended,217140,8548361,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,pizza chase,triad to be a good game
,Recommended,217140,8685111,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kairotic,"An absolutely amazing, fun, and challenging ride. The humor, level design, and over-the-top gameplay will satisfy even the most critical of gamers. However, if you are buying this to play multiplayer, bring some friends, as it is hard to find people actually playing.NOTE: The game does suffer from bugs, especially in the later episodes. Some may require you to restart the level from scratch, which can be quite discouraging for a game as difficult as this.Despite the bugs, this game is well worth the low price."
76561197965740181,Recommended,217140,9985693,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,peepin ur gurl,"First off, just to get it out of the way, this has some pretty serious performance issues. Even with a super beefy rig you are probably still going to have FPS issues, which is totally unacceptable for a UE3 game, and a major stain on this games reputation.HOWEVER, with that out of the way, new ROTT keeps very much in the spirit of old ROTT with being absolutely totally ridiculious. Stupid guns, stupid power ups/downs, stupid action, and arcadey level design. You have infinite bullets, but a button to reload your gun, just in case you want to.Multiplayer is also stupidly fun, and the saturday night ROTT ideas are great, but unfortunately it seems like the FPS issues get even worse in multiplayer, making it more frustrating then it should be.Overall recommended, but with reservations."
,Recommended,217140,8304960,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ash,WW2 scifi themed Quake gamestyle with retro metal music. Not sure if you want to miss that.Multiplayer is dead though.
,Recommended,217140,1444114,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Slojoe17or76,a amazing game of which did oldschool right in this modern world.
,Recommended,217140,7817088,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,cerberus.,ROTT was one of the first games I experienced on my 386DX in MSDOS way back when..... This new take ~ built on the old unreal engine is good for a laff ~ random dev notes and information on fappercize. Multiplayer DM on a nice engine is always a win for me ^_^
,Recommended,217140,7815567,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,CuppaBro,Not very well-optimized but as a game it's a hell of an experience.I'd go so far as to say that beating it on Ludicrous/the original game on crezzy man difficulty is a pilgrimage any gamer worth their salt should experience.
,Recommended,217140,9500792,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gunsage,"Hell ♥♥♥♥ing yes! The new Rise of the Triad stands and delivers as one of the best remakes I’ve ever seen for any game…ever! Honestly, it’s hard for me to summarize exactly what makes this remake so amazing without going OMG DID YOU EVEN WATCH THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING VIDEO, MENG?!  It really is as epic as the video portrays. The action is over the top, the enemies are total pushovers, the enemies explode into millions of pieces when hit with anything even remotely explosive, the music kicks♥♥♥♥♥ the levels are very classically styled…actually the levels may be the one weak point.See, these days there are plenty of places for cover, there’s lots of emphasis on pop-in/pop-out gameplay, and you can actually jump. In this one you have to rely on elevators, jump panels, and whatever else to get around…and the game takes this and runs with it. There are many areas that are frustrating because of this one concept, but I gotta tell ya, if you’re looking for something that’ll take you back and make you feel like an 80s action hero, this is it!"
,Recommended,217140,7626272,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,anonymous-tunes,This is a must have for anyone into classic first person shooters.
,Recommended,217140,11311372,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Excalibur,"Rise of the Triad is BACK.  This game packs a punch bigger than the original.  It's fast paced FPS action keeps your adrenaline pumping, and the over the top gore is comically entertaining.  I recommend anyone who enjoyed the original check this out.  Even if you didn't try the original this game is worthwhile.  Best $3 I have spent in a long time.  :-)"
76561197970056894,Recommended,217140,10924394,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Killer Bob,nostalgia from my old gaming days brought back to life
,Not Recommended,217140,29284139,Posted: 15 January,all,woogiepooh2013,Game is good but It just crashes after loading a level in singleplayer and sometimes won't load so I stoped playing was fun up until then.Buy the original ROTT or the APOGEE THROWBACK PACK also they include the other two packs Hunts Begin and Extreme ROTT.
,Recommended,217140,13020654,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,MoonMan,Its hard for me to decide how I truly feel about this game. Take Wolfenstein and Serious Sam and you get Rise of the Triad.Fast paced ridiculousness
,Recommended,217140,7889682,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Crowe,Jesus christ yes
,Recommended,217140,19666636,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,"It's a remake of the original, which was AWESOME.Hard mode is stupid hard.It's worth it for the ludicrous gibs."
,Recommended,217140,19342319,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,SupaPollo,"you can feel the love as the gibs rain downproslots of fun old school shooter with pretty new graphicsif only duke nukem had been handled by one team who really cared it could have been this goodconson occasion getting stuck in the geometry, some platform jumping was fun but some was obnoxiouslacks bots for DMoveralltotally worth a playthrough or two and one time sitting through the credits; grab it on saleludicrous gibs! / 10"
76561198111469704,Recommended,217140,10119652,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,TheScootyBootyCutiePatootie,This is a great game to either take an old FPS vet (like me) back to the old days of games or introduce a newer generation to old-schoool FPS and twitch shooters
,Recommended,217140,4646137,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,SSGmaster(FR),GOTY 2013
76561197991931307,Recommended,217140,10114508,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,JAKV,Money well spent! 666/666
76561197980022579,Recommended,217140,13440085,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,buzz76iscool2,"I was a fan of ROTT . Bought the 10 pack when it came out . This new ROTT has a lot of fun to be had, but the colors chosen make it hard to differentiate the enemies from the walls and other objects. The second issue I had was some of the jumping sections in the single player were a bit ridiculous requiring you to try over and over again saving often in hopes to finally get past. I didn't find any challenge I couldn't pass, but that didn't mean I enjoyed the process. The multiplayer if fast and furious. There is a lot of fun to be had. Again the distinction between the commotion and the background had its challenges.I'd give it an 80%."
,Recommended,217140,7883997,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ürh,"This game is a rarity - it's a remake of a classic that actually remains true to the original, and manages to make some improvements. If you've finally grown a brain and realised that the single player in spunkgargleweewee games like Modern Warfare and Battlefield suck more♥♥♥♥♥than a Dutch porn star, then you need to get this game, and then you'll see what single player FPS action is REALLY about. Oh, and be prepared to get torn a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Even if old-school run-and-gun FPSes aren't your thing, this game is worth getting for the absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥ing metal soundtrack. My favourite track? Goin' Down the Fast Way."
,Recommended,217140,12337851,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mryayayify,pretty damn fun game
,Recommended,217140,8541400,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,fred,Yes
76561198064293444,Recommended,217140,12330363,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Justivus Rex,I love this game. Its a proper remake of an old school fps. They know how to make 'em (They invented dual wielding in the original ROTT) No heath regen or radar. There are tons of levels that are made really well. Lots of cool and weird weapons. Its one of the games I keep installed on my computer always. Even after beating the game it's still fun to play and i find that rare.
,Recommended,217140,8475922,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sainphony,Finished 6/10Good:+Fun remake of old-school game+Gives a good challenge+Alot of maze level+VERY STRONG soundtrack (may be listened as standalone music)Bad:-Uneven optimisation (despite the Unreal Engine)-Buggy enviroment-Sloppy respawn of enemies
,Recommended,217140,7809853,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SteeScribbles,"Fun, bloody, and funny in ways.Also, you can be doge.Online is chaotic and fun.So if you like fun,go get."
,Recommended,217140,7844542,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,🍕scrumpysnaks🍖🍰,"This game was such a wonderful surprise. This nostalgic awesomeness of a game is a remake of the 1994 insane FPS. With most remakes, I've become accustomed to the resulting game being completely different and usually terrible. The number of times I've fired up a remake with the hope of revisiting the childhood glory days of DOS only to have the game die and empty its bowels of cover systems, microtransactions, mumblecore dialogue and tactical-ness into my tear filled eyes has added up to a point where I now rarely try out a remake. This is one of the exceptions.Firing up the game, you are greated to metal versions of music from the original game, and doing a little research, it is in fact the great Lee Jackson, of Grabbag fame. We're off to a good start. Be warned and be patient when you fire up the game. If you haven't played an FPS from pre- Half-Life 2 in a while, you will have a learning curve. Don't look for cover behind chest high walls, don't run straight at enemies, watch your health, and enjoy that movement speed. Are there secrets? Yup, a lot of them, some are in the same place as in the original game. And they are fantastic; the best toys to gib enemies are hidden well.Speaking of gibs, there are lots. How much? It makes most blood spurting anime blush, and that makes me happy. Want to create a variety of gibs? Cool, well you have the insane arsenal from the original, tweaked a bit. Want to fire a mini-nuke? Enjoy the firebomb. How about shooting a wall of fire across the ground? Give the Flamewall a try. Want to rocket jump? Pick up a rocket launcher, I like rocket jumping with the split missile, it seems to work a little better. Rocket jumping is limited here, but it comes in handy to get to a few secrets, still fun though. The weaponry continues with The Dark Staff, Excalibat, God Mode, Dog mode(it's exactly what you'd think).The one downside I can find in this game is the minimal transfer of multiplayer awesomeness from the original, but I suspect the community will mod a lot of those features in SOON. Everything else is exactly how it should be. If you're looking for a plot driven, quick-time circle jerk with a cover system, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a hilarious, challenging, wonderfully self aware ode to the old school FPS, then by Joe.... this is a must have."
,Recommended,217140,11402961,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,President of the Trap,its mostly a game which u wanna play when u r ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ting like just for laughs and not serious at all. :D
,Recommended,217140,11013034,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,F0l2saken,"A blast from the past of PC FPS games, including all the previous glitches and annoances, but overall, a decent game.I remember the first Rise of the Triad, this game does a great job of modernizing the classic.   There's a lot of firefights, but there are also a lot of avoiding obsticals and making perfect timed jumps.   It never gets to the point where it's too ridiculous to get past, if you keep trying you can beat the more difficult parts.   Ammo on your primary guns is unlimited, the only weapons that are limited are the rocket launches and other various weapons that you can pick up randomly throughout the game.  The graphics are decent, but by no means are amazing or stunning.   I like the gameplay, has a very retroish PC FPS feeling.   It is very unfortunate that the game does not have co-op multiplayer.The problem I have with this game, is they have also brought back oldschool FPS PC gaming problems.   Sometimes when I use the quicksave and reload it, the game crashes.   Somehow the game corrupts its own quick save files randomly, no big deal though, you can still restart at the beginning of the level.   The framerate will randomly glitch and drop on you, but it’s not game breaking, and it doesn’t happen often.Overall this game is definitely worth what they are asking for it.  Anyone who likes the oldschool days of FPS shooters should definitely pick this title up."
,Recommended,217140,7763684,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,brendanmurty,Classic quick shooter style with modern graphics. Harsh but worth it.
,Recommended,217140,8446380,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sereiya [GER],"An awesome game with the good old Hit'n'Run arcade gameplay. I miss that in modern games, they should make more of this! No one needs reality-based logics if the gameplay makes sense in itself."
,Recommended,217140,897929,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Jinxvorheeze,"Looking past some of the minor gameplay and graphical glitches, this is a solid throw-back shooter which knows how to have a great time. Rocket-jumps and secrets galore, this title will do everything it can to remind you of why shooters were fun in the first place."
,Recommended,217140,3740234,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,McKris,"A really good remake of the original RotT, if you loved the first one, you'll gonna love this one."
,Recommended,217140,7551573,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Zak-Del,"A (ludicrous) reboot done rightThe original Rise of the Triad launched on 1995 , and it was developed by Apogee Software, the same guys responsible by classics like Duke Nukem and Bio Menace.So, after a long time on the fridge Apogee have the idea to create a new Rise of the Triad, a reboot, essentially , that captures the over the top paced of the original.In 2011, Apogee then contacted Interceptor Entertainment to craft this game. Interceptor was working on Duke Nukem Reloaded before that, which was halted by gearbox (colonial marines, anyone?). Finally on 2012, the production of Rise of the Triad has begun. The game could be two things: a complete failure or a good game.Being a guy that bought this game on pre-order, i have to say even with all the bugs and some performance issues on its release version, the game is fun and really captures the essence of the original. The soundtrack is AMAZING, the gameplay is FAST, the gore is over the top, and believe me, this game is hard, and will kick your ♥♥♥. The multiplayer aspect of the game is fun and even more frantic, you will spend some time here.With its latest version, many of the bugs and issues of the original release are now gone, and the addition of quick-saves makes the game a bit easier (but you cannot save during boss battles, which is a good thing IMO). In top of that, a development kit has been implemented, and let you create your own stuff.Bear in mind that for a game that has been made by a small studio and being its first great project, this game is a STEAL for its price and really worth your time and your money."
,Recommended,217140,8373372,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SabbathCrusader,Played this as a kid and loved it. It is even better now!
,Recommended,217140,8368403,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,B084F377,The Grandfather of Badass.
,Recommended,217140,741295,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Support them low budget developers with there cripsy classic gameplay.
,Recommended,217140,7814750,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Vampros,"This is a No Brainer!!!! you simply have to buy this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This fast paced action FPS brings the Old School FPS experiance into the Next Gen, With sweet graphics and a humour filled story mode, and super fun high speed DM/TDM/CTF multiplayer game modes...It has something for every one, seriously, even at full price this game is SO worth it!"
,Recommended,217140,7848095,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,henkkz,"Liked Wolfenstein,DukeNukem,Doom?Well, You will love this one with the spice of raw humor added in."
,Recommended,217140,7820049,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,GrandmasterJ,"Stupid, crazy, silly fun. This is what first person shooters were like back in my day, fast-paced, big ridiculous weapons, and about five types of enemies. The game is a perfect reminder of games like Doom, Quake, or the original Rise of the Triad. It has secrets, giant floating coins, unexplainable floating platforms following unexplainable routes, and crazy bosses. I love this game and so should you."
,Recommended,217140,17371202,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Bought this game on sale and id say for about 4,99 euro or less its worth it.Not because I think it's a bad game, no it was allot of fun and I wish it had more gametime.Thats the problem, you can finish this game in less then 4 hours.For that reason alone id say 4,99 is the right price.Great game doh allot of fun.Id describe it as Wolfenstein Enemy Territory with speed hax, depending on the character you choose you can either be very fast, very strong or a mix. The characters are pretty cool and it's really that classic 90s shooter feeling.It also has some totally random out of place weapons such as a baseball bat that can shoot fireballs, powers up that turn you into a Dogg so you can eat the enemy and some other random stuff.Yes it's worth buying if you like shooters.Wouldn't mind a lenghty new Rise of the Triads game in the future. :P"
76561198044862410,Recommended,217140,8264477,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LSF_Nickz2000,Great relaunch of a Great Classic! Highly Reccomended!
,Recommended,217140,20630557,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,rkdj,"Yeah, it really misses a tiny bit of polish but it is fun none the less. Comparable with the old Rise of the Triad or any other 90s shooter...or Serious Sam. Just faster. It is also funny with a weird sense of humour which I enjoy. Definetly a unique way of killing nazi-triads!"
,Recommended,217140,10703042,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Adscent.,Nice FPS arena. Very fast with a lot of weapons. The problem is that no one play multiplayer and every server is empty. Very sad story. This game deserves more. And more. Give it a shot. You'll not regret.
76561197976001863,Recommended,217140,10779772,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,deathx88,"Very cool game, big fan of the original. Can't wait until it's fully optimised so I can finally play it without constant lag. :Ankh:EDIT: I should have edited this a while ago, but there hasn't been any lag issues for me anymore.Game does a very good job at recreating one of the best old school FPS around. And the heavy metal version of the songs are amazing, always been one of my favorite soundtracks."
,Recommended,217140,7829374,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Cao Cao,"I can give this game a glowing endorsement but also some advice to those getting it:This game is brilliant fun. It's an old school FPS with lots of fun weapons, brilliant maps and lots of options.The problem with it? The community is nearly non-existent unfortunately. You will be able to play this game online but maybe the price is preventing people from buying it (seems to be many who love this game and would love to buy it) or people just simply don't want the old school games they were begging for initially but there aren't that many people online with this game.This game is wicked fun but maybe it could stand to keep its price at around £4-5 full time in order to persuade people to buy it.This is not me saying that the game is only worth that much, I believe it is worth more than that but unfortunately I don't see this game selling like hotcakes."
76561198065441934,Recommended,217140,17254265,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,gast128,"This is a good reboot, using many elements of the original. The boss fights are less entertaining: they are all overpowered. The game had some issues when released but that seems all resolved.Pity that these guys couldn't continue their work on 'Duke Nukem 3D: Reloaded'."
,Recommended,217140,2926601,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Fox The Hyena,"If you're looking for an old-school FPS experience, or just a very hard challenge, then Rise of the Triad will prove a worthy game. Try it yourself if you don't believe me, it's not too pricey, and definetely lots of fun once you get the hang of it!"
,Recommended,217140,7744492,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,RetroGR,My Video Review of ROTT! ENJOY:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cirJz-4Ie_s&list=PL324F8735ECCE6C63&index=4
,Recommended,217140,1865839,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,PirateGuy,"porridge and cultists all at a breakneck pace with flashy explosionsexpect lots of rocketsI give it an ok / 10there are too many explosive-based weapons (or maybe just not enough variety of other types), especially in MP where everyone uses them exclusively if they can manage to get to a spawn in timefor a better review please seehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/78575767657/recommended/217140"
,Recommended,217140,8177933,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Moon Mist,eexcellent dads
,Recommended,217140,1706448,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,meido,I liked the RotT remake~You didn't like it~?How terrible~Maybe you should go back to a controller~
,Recommended,217140,1909466,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Zeem,"This game is bad. REAL bad. It's a 12.0 on a 10.0 scale of badness!Seriously, it is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME! Gatling rocket lawnchair, God mode, Dog mode, LUDICROUS GORE, KNIVES AKIMBO and pure BADASSERY!And the best thing - RoTT is REALLY brutal on you. ""Easy"" here is ""Very Hard"" in any other modern FPS.True old school."
,Recommended,217140,8347116,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[ZM] Matt Damon,this game is ludicras  it turned me into a sexual dinosaur if you want to be cool and ludicras keep playing this game itll transform you from some nothing into someone who actually matters
,Recommended,217140,8616543,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Big Jim,"Rise of the Triad is one of the best games of 2013.  It manages to get just about everything right: Great music, great graphics, and great gameplay.  If you played the original 1995 version of this game, you can really appreciate the work that went into recreating it, with practically every aspect making a return (except the level design, which we should be grateful for).If you enjoy more arcadey type shooters, you really wont find a better game."
,Recommended,217140,12698985,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,taciturn_thaumaturge,"Biggest problem is that the art-direction of the original game was, to put it mildly, a bit of a mess, and just re-doing it in next-gen fidelity doesn't fix some of the problems it had; namely: blandness, brown-overload and unreadable enemy silhouettes.Gameplay-wise, they've done a fine job updating the game for the modern era, without dumbing it down. But the bad art direction makes distant enemies all but invisible, and their hit-scan weapons make for a very frustrating time, trying to figure out where you're being shot from. The old game had the same issue, but the low resolution compensated for the distant enemies problem. Now every single pixel is gloriously normal-mapped and shaded, the problem is only exacerbated.I just wish it ran a bit smoother on my system. I'll probably try playing it again next time I upgrade my rig.If you're an old-school gamer like myself, do yourself a favour and take a look at the new Shadow Warrior. It's a much better game than this (and runs better too)."
,Recommended,217140,12467238,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Weasel,Very retro!  I remember when this game came-out in the early 1990's as sort-of a sequel to the original Wolfenstein-32!
,Not Recommended,217140,29176923,Posted: 10 January,all,Vuud,"It's very hard to give this a thumbs down; it's a great old-school fun FPS that is RUINED by awful first person platforming sections involving moving platforms, lava pits, and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that kills whatever fun you may have been having."
,Recommended,217140,11231407,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Funkynutz,"If you like old school shooters... The original Doom, Quake, Wolfenstein, Serious Sam etc... This is what you would get if you crossed them all together, and added a hefty dose of amphetamine... The ""Triad"" look more like Nazis... Blowing up Nazi lookalikes is nearly as good as blowing up Nazis.It's ♥♥♥♥ing bonkers."
,Recommended,217140,11206190,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Frying Dutch Pan,"If you love serious sam and/or doom/wolfenstein, then you'll love this game. The fast pased style is great and it is the element i miss in alot of games nowaday."
76561198100296316,Recommended,217140,8544023,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Alex,"If you play on hard you'll face enemies with god-like accuracy and reflexes, super quiet guns, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥*t hiding places so its hard to spot enemies"
,Recommended,217140,7811045,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,esornad,"This game is just as fun as the original.  Great framerate, fast game play and over the top gore.  What more could you ask for?"
76561198117758918,Recommended,217140,8168523,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,meshif,Wasn't too sure about the new ROTT reboot. Loaded it up and was greeted by the classic 90s Apogee title screen followed by an amazing remake of a DOS classic. The gameplay feels a lot like the original but the Unreal Engine adds a lot to it.
76561198078053454,Recommended,217140,8850381,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,d2000c,You can teabag fascists with a dog........no seriously666/10
,Recommended,217140,12456081,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"This game is very fun. It reminds me of KF (Killing Floor) and Wolfenstein fans will find this one good as well. The game has its moment and multiplayer was fun. I do believe that it's worth the price when it is dropped if you like to save money. Be on lookouts for games like this, they are quite fun. Although I have to admit, there are some times I wish there was more like a Create your Character mode or more selection on these, I found this fun. In my books it is a 8-10 out of 10. I can't put it all down exactly but it is enjoyable. Very worth the time spent."
,Recommended,217140,9161473,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[PXR]VegaXTerror,AMAZING remake 1 of the best ever!
,Recommended,217140,9730294,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Farting Solids,Kick some ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,217140,19162379,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Williamzas,"I got it for 5$ and I'd say that was a mistake. The first stage was ok, it was ""meh"". The second stage was pretty much just first person platforming with slippery controls.The dev team seems pretty cool and the music isn't bad but I really didn't enjoy this game."
,Recommended,217140,9683164,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,hotage,"Before you critique my playtime, i have played most of this game offline, so the hour counter did not add up.Now, if you are going to get ROTT, you should know that a very big part, and most likely the biggest part and most enjoyable experience is multiplayer. I will do seperate evaluations of each section in the game.Singleplayer: Rise of the Triad is and old school FPS, which means that you will see a lot of fast movement and frantic combat, and it is ROCK HARD. the main problem with the combat is the weapons. The weapons are overall pretty weak and bland, there are not even many diverse special weapons, which is really a staple to have in games like this.. The AI is not very good, they mostly move in a certain area, and don't have advanced cover systems or anything to offer the game more challenge. The level design is very strong in this game, with jump pads and teleporters and many things like that, very old school.The graphics on this game are not too bad, but the textures could have used some work, blood effects need some polishing, and some animations should be smoothed out.The story of this game is almost non-existent, just a little comic at the start and not much else to offer, the dialogue made me laugh quite a bit, even though, it is repeated many times. The powerups in some places are hilarious, some can get you drugged out. Some can make you bounce around uncontrollably, it really is awesome.Multiplayer:The Multiplayer is much like any arena shooters that were ever made. It consists of decent sized maps, random weapons and armor sitting on the ground, lots of routes to go find your enemies in.Like the singleplayer, all the weapons, other than the special weapons are very weak and don't really pack-a-punch, but the drops are frequent, and using a gun like a pistol instead of an RPG would sound ridiculous, they allow you to choose from many skin models.The Combat is frantic and intense, but is set off by the weaponsVerdict:+Great Comedy+Frantic Combat+Old School+Powerful Special Weapons+Great Multiplayer+Funny dialogue=Rock Hard-unbalanced weapons- Non-Diverse Arsenal-Atrocious AI-Needs polished graphics.This game is not worth it for casual- or hardcore- modern gamers, but for hardcore old-school gamer, it's a must buy.6/10"
,Recommended,217140,9652553,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Dorvan,Just... wow.It's awesome how a remake of an old game feels so damned fresh compared to modern fps games.Ludicrous fun.
76561197963495927,Not Recommended,217140,16835804,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Fister Roboto,"Fun for the first hour, but it quickly becomes monotonous and, in many instances, frustrating due to bad game design/controls. If you like licking windows you'll probably get a kick out of this game. I fondly remember playing the first RoT in the 90's. Sadly, that won't be the case for this game."
76561198045084116,Recommended,217140,10121925,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Shaggy,F*cking A!
,Recommended,217140,8181405,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Damuel,"Old school shooter. Imagine it as mix between Serious Sam and Duke Nukem. The MP is pretty awesome if you liked the days of Quake 3. The graphics are decent, there's some well hidden secrets, the powerups are cool, and the game has some awesome humor. There's nothing quite as awesome as having pistols with infinite mags that you can reload just for the hell of it. It's basically a fast paced old school FPS that's been modernized just a bit. If you miss the Duke 3D days or the old SS games this can be a good replacement.8.3/10"
76561198016926002,Not Recommended,217140,12877433,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,BugoTheCat,"I would maybe recommend this game, because of some oldschool elements but not sure today.  But I was almost to give it maybe a 2 out of 5, for two reasons. First, jumping puzzles that are ridiculously hard. The old version didn't even have quick save option, and there was a jumping puzzle with three pits and many trampolines, you could easilly fall 50 times in a row even in the first pit and there wasn't even autosave unless you did all three. Even with quicksave, I had a hard time to jump that point. It's a pitty because the whole game was flowing nicely, running fast, having fun, and then there comes this point that everything goes into a halt. I don't know about the original game, if it had the same so ridiculous jumping puzzles, but this was such a bad game design in my opinion.And then I decide to continue with the game and get some horrible bugs that make me almost rage quit. There is a level with rocks on the air and lava down and monks, where you kill the monks and a script makes a door open. Many many times, these scripts fail and the door doesn't open. Restart chapter. Then the door opens, but there is another place with monks on high rocks, and next door doesn't open. Then the third door. Three doors in a row where script might fail for reasons I don't know.And the most ridiculous thing ever. I had my worse rage quit ever (keyboard flying, glass of quinine on my desk, yeah that sounds funny now, that's why I write it). Look what happened! I go to last boss. The flying mage. I am terrified because usually the bosses in this game are very hard and this must be the last one. I kill him easilly and I am like, hmmm that must not be it, typically there will be a mega boss. And there is one. And it's my first playthrough. And I kill him. I managed to kill him and guess what happens. The f***** Script doesn't work. He stays there with zero energy, it doesn't show the ending! I killed him with the first time without knowing and it doesn't. But no, I didn't ragequit there. Since I finished him the first time, I thought that maybe he is not that hard so I can restart the chapter and finish him again and maybe the script will work. But then, I have a hard time, always dying, can you believe that? I finished him the first time, but murphy's laws, the script didn't work, no finalle shown. And then for ten other times I cannot. That's unfair, with those bugs and the difficulty. If I died the first time and other next ten, I wouldn't have ragequit, but the thought that I somehow managed to finish him the first time but he wasn't easy the next ten times, but the first time because of a script bug the game didn't gave me the finale, made me so furious. Yeah, I know, first world problems (short story, I thought about cheating, but it would be unfair since I really did finish him first time. Then I thought about trying few more, but I was so outraged it's not good for me and I missed time. Then I thought about quiting, never ending the game, uninstalling it. Anyway, at the end I tried to play 2-3 times and finished it the 3rd and said ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥)I mean, it could be 4/5 because oldschool but not sure about everything (a bit like many games are ""Oh, we are oldschool, like the old times"", nostalgia traps. And I do prefer oldschool FPS don't get me wrong, but even the wannabe oldschool does not do it right), 3/5 because of jumping puzzles, and now 2/5 because of horrible bugs (and there is more besides the ones the made me rage, character blocked by things and stuck, little crashes or stop when loading next level sometimes)."
,Recommended,217140,12665636,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,pollo,"The game is not perfect it has some flaws,But even with his flaws it is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, it is fast like a real pc fps should be, it doesn´t take things serius the gameplay and has cool mechanics like jump pads, collecting coins, secrets, etc...I want more games to be like this and not like cod or battlefield"
,Not Recommended,217140,13366525,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,q3dm6,"Don't even bother.You can carry only 3 guns at once, or maybe I should say one, because the other two slots are occupied by a peashooter and a nerf gun. Yes, I know that's how it was in the original, but come the ♥♥♥♥ on. If I want to carry a goddamn shotgun AND a rocket launcher,let me do it.Vast majority of enemies is hitscan, so you can kiss your dodging skills goodbye.The colour palette consists of gray, brown and black, enemes included, meaning if they're taking potshots at you from a distance, you won't be able to see them.Getting shot means that your screen will get covered with strawberry jam, and since hit indicators are also red, good luck knowing where your adversaries are shooting you from.The enemies are almost completely silent and don't have a disctinct, easily recognisable sound effects, meaning that one guy you thought was a default grunt with a pistol is actually a some sort of general using a bazooka that will kill you in two hits.You can't backtrack - once you enter a new area the door locks behinds you.The optimisation is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. Even with everything set to off/low I have to settle for 17-20-24 fps, while Crysis runs fine with 35+ on medium/high.Duke Nukem Forever was more fun."
,Recommended,217140,7390612,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Unmutual,"A must buy for any 90's kid, simply great."
,Recommended,217140,5077865,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,papa gabe,"I recommend this game to people, that like to jump-run-shoot. Just like in those old days with Quake and Unreal Tournament."
,Recommended,217140,3369970,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Milo Yiapocalypse,Awesome fast-paced shooter that harkens back to old-school FPS.
76561198037803565,Recommended,217140,4478748,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Nedzilla,"This game kicks hardcore, oldschool @ss while looking and feeling fresh enough for even the newest of gamers to appreciate. Super fast, wicked fun, ludicrously enjoyable. Would recommend to anyone who wants to feel badass."
,Recommended,217140,3392717,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Ban,you should buy it because I ♥♥♥♥ing love it just let me touch it after you buy it
,Recommended,217140,1949708,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,loveless,I'm having fun with this game. It's the best game I got and it's pretty fun. My issue is I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer.
76561198080011397,Recommended,217140,17436619,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Khaliara the Highlord,"10/10 would boomstick again, IGN"
76561197977274734,Recommended,217140,17860165,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Empire Galactica,i had so much fun with this game. its been many years since a game like this has come out. props to apogee
,Recommended,217140,13863850,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,disc0rd,"Old school shooter when it's at its best. Not much else to say, truth be told.As one of the five members of the H.U.N.T. (High risk United Nations Task force) team, the player is trying to stop the Triad cult from nuking Los Angeles and have to fight monks, robots, demons and - what I thought they looked like - nazis. At your disposal there are a regular handgun (which can be dual wielded), a MP40, several kinds of rocket launchers, a shotgun and a magic staff.It's over the top and it's GREAT!"
76561198021877800,Recommended,217140,18390000,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Red_Son,If you loved the classic you will love the ridiculously outrages hommage to the classsic
76561198083257228,Recommended,217140,9718614,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Cpt PikPik,"Do you like blowing stuff up?. do you like pretenting your a wizard?, Do you enjoy  masochism, metal music, bad dialog, blood, carnage and guns!!!!Then my friends this game is for you!"
76561197998010137,Recommended,217140,13114134,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jimmy Dabomb,"Harsh and unforgiving, but you get tons and tons of rocket types. Really fast, really fun."
,Recommended,217140,13178396,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Razonix,"This is a remake of one of the best old school FPS that were ever developed. The soundtrack is great, the graphics are decent, it still has that subtle sense of dark humor but the entertainment that is provided isn't all that great. Quoting ""The Dark Tower"" (Stephen King), ""the world has moved on"". I mean, nowadays you don't need to bother about running around like crazy looking for a specific sort of key to open a certain door, this makes the whole experience very tedious. Of course, it's really great to have several types of bazookas available but it's really lame the fact that you've gotta turn every enemy into a swiss cheese with your bullets in order to kill them. In my modest opinion, just because you're doing a remake doesn't mean that you have to bring all these old features back. Anyway, this game delivers what promises so deserves a thumbs up."
,Recommended,217140,13200779,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ghost Gamer,Nice game but the servers are always empety
,Recommended,217140,13672986,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lexxi Foxx,"A wacky FPS from the past, it has all of the problems of the original but with a face-lift. You still have the power-ups and the fast paced action. Frame rate problems are very frequent and vary from level to level. Even if you exceed the recomened by 3 fold, you will most likey have Frame rate problems. If you ever played the original, give this one a spin. Get it on sale though, It's not THAT great."
,Recommended,217140,13192365,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MetalHippie,A classic-styled shooter that reminds us that health pickups were better than hiding and regenerating. Some framerate issues weren't enough to spoil what turned out to be a pretty good time.
,Recommended,217140,8221751,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Henry Spandex,"Good fun, brings back many memories of the original, though some of the jumping puzzles get boring."
,Recommended,217140,8239090,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sailor Moon,"This game is the kind of straight-up classic FPS that died in the 90s. People praised Painkiller for having a classic feel, but it had more in common with Serious Sam than anything. This game takes its cues from games like Quake, Doom, Wolfenstein, Blood, Chasm, etc. (and Rise of the Triad of course). One brief, skippable intro sequence is as cinematic as it gets. From that point on you just run and gun.It's not the best game ever. The AI is pretty spotty and the game can get buggy. The voice acting is cringe-worthy, too, but unlike other recent cringe-worthy games (like the new Shadow Warrior), the voice acting is somewhat infrequent and you usually hear it during a killing spree.Also some of the elements of the game are so out of last decade that seeing them again with modern paint gave me some kind of culture shock or something. Randomly floating platforms, jump pads, secret doors with giant floating coins and ankhs, and other things of that sort can feel a bit jarring. Each level ends with a giant door labeled ""Exit"" which brings you to a score recap screen, just most FPS games from 1992~1998 did. That said, once the shock wore off these oddball elements are part of the fun of the game. They contribute to what makes the game satisfying and fast-paced.It has plenty of flaws and bugs, and I'd never claim this game is perfect (or even GOTY material). It's simply not in the same league as a game like Bioshock Infinite. But it is definitely one of the stronger non-AAA FPS games if you're into the classic run-and-gun FPS gameplay."
,Recommended,217140,8257310,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Heineken,"Brings me back! Love God mode and it's currently on sale for 3 bucks!- They really need to fix the Launcher Application for this game though, it crashes 100% of the time"
,Recommended,217140,8259457,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Abhorrent_Anger,"As someone who played the original one in it's former DOS glory, I can say this remake takes every aspect of the game - updates it, and then adds in some of it's own creativity. The game feels and plays like a proper over-the-top retro FPS game, but looks and sounds like something a major game publisher would release.Admitedly, earlier versions of this game had issues with performace, but those seem to be long gone, and there are some bugs regarding level geometry, not to mention annoying platforming, but they can be looked over once you compare it to the overall experiece."
76561197975903013,Recommended,217140,8384269,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dempsey,oh i have missed this.
,Recommended,217140,8411379,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,aTaVaX,Most fun I've had in a singleplayer shooter in over a decade. The maps are extremely well designed. Great music.  A fun variety of rocketlaunchers. This is the best shooter of 2013 imo.
,Recommended,217140,8419826,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shades,Awesome re-make of the original - so good to play an FPS like this again. Ludicrious fun!
,Recommended,217140,8467204,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lad Blocker,"-good artstyle.-good gameplay.-disable gore because it looks stupid.-if you love wolfenstein you will like this.-not quite as good as a certain wolfenstein title (that i can't remember), but almost there.-buy it."
,Recommended,217140,8500698,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Weegee,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. If you have brass balls and think modern FPS games are too ♥♥♥♥ing lame compared to the fast paced, rocket-jumping gibfests of the past, this game is for you. So quit reading this recommendation and buy the goddamn game already."
76561198183307118,Recommended,217140,18454947,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,typodermic,"I bought and played the orignal when it came out so I should have know what to expect. They did a great job at enhancing the graphics. There's some much detail here and it blends perfectly with the dark comedy or the original version. Probably the worst part of this game is the platforming but this time it's a bit easier becuase you can look down.I had lots of fun playing this but there are some problems with loading and saving. You can load and save almost any time, but sometimes when you load, a critical story event won't trigger or some story object will revert to its original state, requiring a level restart. Often, enemies which have been destroyed, will regernate after loading a save game. You can get into situations where you clear the enemies out of part of a level, save your game, load the game and the enemies have returned. Do this a few times and you'll find yourself with no ammunition or health. While it's possible to physically attack enemies when you're out of ammo, it's not much help when you're dealing with the more difficult enemies and situations near the end of the game.Becuase of these problems, I gave up a couple of levels before the end. But more most of the game, I had a good time."
,Recommended,217140,554101,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,cache (said wrong),Good game.
,Recommended,217140,8258775,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Highway,"Great fun old school shooter, nice gibs, super fast gameplay and a good throwback to games like Serious Sam and Duke Nukem 3d and of course the original ROTT game. Loved the original back in the day, and this update is just as daft and good fun. Worth the price I paid (roughly £1.50 as bought a 4-pack for £6)."
76561198095897055,Recommended,217140,8261150,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kingsolomon17,this game is hilarious i have only played it for so long but since it's on sale i tried it out and for 3 bucks this game was really fun and funny (better online with everybody) but give it a shot you might like it
,Recommended,217140,8218637,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,whitrodomas,IF YOU LIKE WOLFENSTEIN OR THE OLD ROTT BUY THIS NOW
,Recommended,217140,8263800,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,h3retic,old style fps that can never be outdated.
,Recommended,217140,8264424,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,A.Gremillion,"Coming from someone who has never played the original, I think this game is completely AWESOME.The singleplayer is really quite great and offers a fair bit of replayability, finding all of the secrets and trying all kinds of different things with the different characters. There's a lot of cool weapons that have good weight to them, and very good responsiveness. I was also able to run the game on its ""Ludicrous"" settings and it was a pretty nice thing to look at.The multiplayer has a lot of really fun maps. I espescially like the ""retro"" maps that are all 16 bit with amazing music. The community has been really cool, and there is text2speech which is awesome and hilarious.The entire game has that ""over the top"" feel and it's really quite great. I would reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,217140,8266267,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Backlot Peyote Master,This baby could put a smile on anybody's face.
,Recommended,217140,8293705,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dazza,"Plays like the original Doom or Wolfenstien games, but with high res textures. Quite comical. Can see it playing well at LANs."
,Recommended,217140,8394500,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,rEZ,great reboot! can't recommend it highly enough
,Recommended,217140,8419103,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,jameson,Dis game is teh ish doe
76561198041228782,Recommended,217140,9113783,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DrSociology,Good revival of a classic shooter.  I love that the first level is almost identical to the first level of the original game from 1995.  I recommend this game to anyone who loved the original.
76561197989763352,Recommended,217140,9176215,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,SSG SIRUS,Why have I not been playing this for years? I LOOVVEEE IT!!!
76561197960289679,Recommended,217140,9719045,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Paranoia-2MB,"This is a great remake of the original.  I remember playing this game as a child and it was excellent.  They took an already working formula and slapped on modern day graphics and Michael Bayness to it.For this price, why not get it?  Even for 15$ not on sale, still an excellent buy.Feels just like the old school shooters back in the 90s and early 2000s before this ruining of FPS due to COD:MW and etc."
,Recommended,217140,8259137,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Technogen,Fun just like the origional
,Recommended,217140,9761220,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Deadly Moisture,"Such fun. So wow.Not played a whole bunch of the game, but the two levels I have played have really evoked a sense of fun that I've struggled to find with the majority of shooters.  Running around smashing fools with the doomstick and they're eyeballs sliding down the screen is exactly the sort of nonsense I love in a game.Copious amounts of secrets stashed into each level makes me want to look everywhere, all the time, for anything I can find.Get stuck in :D"
,Recommended,217140,8185789,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lacrima_Christi,"Really awesome, it´s something with the postal violence + no-sense + and old fps style, the game it´s hard and fun to play online,you can choose 5 characters in the single player mode,and more in the multiplayer mode, a lot of different and cool weapons and cool maps. 8,5/10."
76561197971314635,Recommended,217140,8965112,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,pinky13666,Fun and gruesome. And it feels like 20 years ago only with modern day graphics.
76561197991928943,Recommended,217140,8968019,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Karsh,Iit's like playing CS in Malaysia
,Recommended,217140,9508930,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Phantos,"It sucks, but on purpose so that's OK. ""Got'cha!""- ROTT developers."
76561198095967515,Recommended,217140,9630340,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Jack n' the box,Meh. 8/10 Like a HD of the old school fps.
,Recommended,217140,2535726,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Cheesepile,Get guns. Blow everyone up. Good times.
,Recommended,217140,297860,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"I'm torn. While I think it's good old school FPS fun once the game rises above its buggy shell, it doesn't do it enough. Mainly it just buries its head in its old design documents, bringing the return of first person platforming (boooo), the same enemies that all have guns so shootouts sometimes become a game of 'Who Shot Me?' (double booooo). The ♥♥♥♥ing checkpointing only saves after lengthy sections, and ROTT seems determined to follow in the steps of its predecessor by arbitrarily lengthening levels and forcing the player to restart all the way at the beginning of the checkpoint (ultra boooooo) and the bugs. Jesus Christ, the pathfinding bugs, the graphics bugs, the bug where I got in a trap and clipped into the wall behind it, so many ♥♥♥♥ing bugs. They should have delayed this game for three months and took the time to polish it up. Wait until the shareware episode comes out first."
76561198027069392,Recommended,217140,13426147,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,NimbleSquid,Excellent game. Good FPS skill needed to get through this on the highest difficulty. All achivements can be unlocked in single player.There is a great community who will help you out with guides if you get stuck somewhere. I was stuck on a particular level and a developer helped me out in a Steam community forum.
,Recommended,217140,14761981,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Snake.uK,"Old classic! Well needed update nice to see it's as fast and gory as it use to be , it's pretty much exactly the same just with the nice graphics update.Fast + Gore + Gun + Puzzels ....What more could you ask for , well worth playing and for the price you can't be disappointed."
76561198001426972,Recommended,217140,15050290,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Steve,"If you liked Duke Nukem or Doom then this game is a must have.  The gameplay is fast, remains me of Quake.  The game consists of 4 chapters with 5 missions each, totaling 20. Each mission is unique and offers different challenges. One may be more platforming while the other may be run and gun. Enemies get harder and some have unique traits. Such as one will roll every time they get shot, one will try to steal your weapon, and one will throw a net on you…… sounds crazy but it’s fun. Each level has collectibles and secrets that contribute to your net level completion, which is shown as a percent (out of one hundred). These secrets range from simple coins to whole secret levels. The dialog is great too.Some problems I have encountered were frames dropping and glitches where you would get stuck in the ground (if you do just rocket jump). Sometimes when you alt tab it glitches and polygons render like across the whole screen. Other than that this game is great, highly recommended."
,Recommended,217140,15188401,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,kolkurtz,"Excellent. Reminds me of the mayhem of the original. Great music, exellent levels. A game from a bygone era before the cancer of cover took over."
76561198002176259,Recommended,217140,14200179,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GregH94,"It's so fast, even Fatal1ty would trip up!"
76561198030720390,Recommended,217140,13652355,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Deltavee,"Ah, its so goood to be back playing a shooter with ludicrous amounts of gore, eyeballs bouncing off the screen, enemies that will steal your weapon if they get too close, bounce plates, burnt bodies turning to bones and crumbling with a xylophone noise, coin collecting and GUNS GUNS GUNS! Firebombs and Drunken Missles oh my!But beyond all that, its just good filthy fun, complete with commentary like;""Hows THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥feel?"" when you explode an enemy at close range with a missle.Whats not to love? Buy it, play it, laugh manically."
,Recommended,217140,14440829,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,fracturd-,"Genius, that's it."
,Recommended,217140,14617031,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,schnage cat,Good old fashioned shooter.  Simple but effective formula.Makes me think of Wolfenstein 3D or Doom.No health regen. 100 is default but more is achieveable.Armor pickups.Powerful weapons must be rationed. Mistakes are more costly.Key system like DOOM.  Lots of secrets like DN3D.Rocket jumping useful in reaching!
,Recommended,217140,8278782,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Tyrrrz,Must have for any SS fans
76561198026365059,Recommended,217140,8455767,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Holsten,Fantastic Game with a lot of fun to be had. Unfortunately it is also the most unstable of games. Crashes 50% of the time on startup and if you make it to the game it will normally crash within 20 minutes
,Recommended,217140,8591480,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,SUDOCasady,"Buy this game. It is everything that is right with the world. Also, metal... SO METAL. If you don't buy this you're an idiot."
,Recommended,217140,8979483,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,AnamanaguchiRiff-BebooBahBeBoo,A Brutal and excellent flashback to the 90s era of video games.
,Recommended,217140,9107481,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Tallakah,An skillbased FPS without HP - regeneration. It is good to know that there are still GOOD games out there that need an minimum at skill...not like Call of (Spray and Pray) Duty: Ghosts or MW3ROTT is one of my favs!!!!!!
,Recommended,217140,9180616,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,the tee,It's good. Not Serious Sam good but fun nonetheless.
,Recommended,217140,9196670,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Right Hand of Satan }Wreckless{,"Great Game for Mouse and Keyboard Gamers! A Nightmare for Gamepad Gamers! I have the Xbox Controller for Windows, which is usually Flawless, but this game has no options for Gamepads and the aiming (Right Stick) is annoying fast. Very Hard to Aim, which is the point of a Shooter! Totally different story while playing with the Mouse and Keyboard!Runs Great at 1920x1200, Intel i7 - nVidia 680 SLI"
,Recommended,217140,9716234,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Nicholas Piberius Wilde,*sniff* *sniff* I smell... nostalgia...
,Recommended,217140,9716280,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,MLG NoobSauce,Great game if u like big ♥♥♥♥in guns and old school style shooters like doom and quake. Storys kinda short but has immense replayability with all the secrets and difficulty levels!
76561197970782648,Recommended,217140,9718294,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,OberoN77 [NOR],Classic 1995 fun!
,Recommended,217140,9721060,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Tyrranis,"Remember the days when every problem in a shooter could be solved with excessive use of high explosives?Whoever told you those days were behind you never played this game. Boom, baby."
,Recommended,217140,9728879,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,-=LCS=- nevermelt,Old sk00l sicknaz
76561198005298586,Recommended,217140,9729316,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,IcePirate,"For old school shooter fun, this is a great remake of the original Rise of the Triad"
,Recommended,217140,9731700,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Moltqué,"Mad fun, like it's 1999 or so."
76561198066491848,Recommended,217140,9731973,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Roommaster,"Great old school style shooter with rather old school graphic style as well... the opponents look similar to wolfenstein 3D but they interact more intelligent. Also rocket launcher gaming style rocks quite well.Anyone who loved Doom, Doom II, Wolfenstein 3D, Unreal Tournament and similar games should definately spend € 3,50 on this little masterpiece.Secrets, Power Ups, drugged power ups, weapons all over, infinite bullets for pistols and MP, lots of enemies, old school level style, etc... make me love this game! good job!"
76561198050479908,Recommended,217140,9735272,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Supreme Commander Zorg,"Okay.  I have played this game for four or so hours and feel I can give this game a decent review.  The early levels of the game are really good.  When I read the negative reviews I thought this game would be like Quake.  The online multiplayer feels very influenced by quake or vice versa.  There are a few people on it and you know what it is like being a noob, you do not know where all the guns are consquently you die a lot.  Good fun but not quite as much fun as it looks in the demo.The one player game is like very 90s shooter rolled into one.  Good fun until at the end of level 4 which is a huge level you are present by a really tough puzzle with loads of spinning blades.  It is worth £3.  It is not worth £12."
,Recommended,217140,9759604,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,FrYsGaL,the 1994 version is♥♥♥♥♥♥tons better but still a no brainer :)
76561198072782214,Recommended,217140,9770434,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Nayrakis,"This game is awesome... If you like Serious Sam or Duke Nukem (the 3d-ones), BUY BUY BUY!Playable characters have different eendurance and moving-speed. This game has a funny singlieplayer-campaign and so I bet a awesome multiplayer. There were no people online yet to play with, so I couldn't try.Most important feature: This game is fast and you can use ""Q"" for instant melee-attacks istead of swapping to knives or something. A feature that made me loving ""Halo""."
,Recommended,217140,11235862,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Iriseon,"It's a straight old-school shooter. You run fast, get tons of explosive rocket launchers, bloody gibs fly everywhere, and doors require you to find key cards. Fast-paced, fairly hard, and fun."
,Recommended,217140,14565114,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PeculiarPsychopath,"EVERYONE MUST PLAY THIS GAME. As a long-time Apogee game fan, I played the original Rise Of The Triad: Dark War. I loved the mechanics of the game, with the spinning death-blade column things, the Gravitational Anomaly Disks, and the Bungee Disks. I bought this game for nostalgia, expecting it to be a cheap knock-off. I am glad I did. I'm glad I was proven to be wrong. Everything from the original is here, from the death-blade columns and GADs, to the Hand of God powerup. And they made it so much better. I love it almost more than the original.The only con I can see to this game is the fact that it doesn't have a save system like DooM or Fallout, but more like a checkpoint save system. Other than that, I am SOOO glad I bought this game. It well and truly is a blast from the past, and just the thing I needed to remind me of why I started playing games.I have played many shooter games, but RotT has to be one of my top 3."
,Recommended,217140,10089446,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,ChaosReigner,In a world where fps is all about searching through boxes and dressers for coins: this game exsists and is very entertaining.
,Recommended,217140,10506735,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Perrywinckle,"I hit some one with a flame thrower, and they turned into a skeleton and xylophone music played as they fell down.11/10"
,Recommended,217140,11238591,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Dirk Beefhammer,"Game lied to me. No triads, theres only 1 asian person in entire game.0/10000NO TRIADS IN IT DONT BOTHER PLAYING"
76561198149207642,Recommended,217140,11677059,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,biggrandpa54,"I purchased this game, and cannot play it. I think that my money should be refunded. However even though access of the support web lnk, I can see that is next to impossible, to have that happen. Any body run into this problem?"
,Recommended,217140,13119060,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,janeway4350,I remember playing this when it first came out on my pc. Great Game.
,Recommended,217140,8352744,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,oquinn,"Old school, fast paced fps action. Reminds me of quake."
76561198041627440,Recommended,217140,8419912,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,(RT) Timmayf,It's Very Good Game Should Play This Game
,Recommended,217140,8586905,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gamblore,Older FPS mechanics are refreshing.
76561197995628612,Recommended,217140,8906431,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,thriller6882,"Are you bored of the same old modern day shooters? You know the ones where your player character can't run faster than a fattened cow. The ones where if you get hurt all you have to do is to wait behind cover to suck your thumb to regain all your health. Well, welcome back to the 90s where we ran like the wind and the developers didn't treat us like lost puppies who needed to be told what to do all the time. Rise of the Triad 2013 is a wonderfully fast paced and challenging game. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants a breath of fresh air from the muck of modern day shooters."
76561197981783952,Recommended,217140,8555457,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Acidwaffles,"Nostalgia at it's peak. The game feels as if the original was really taken in to consideration! (unlike other game revamps)Everything you loved from the original still exists, wheather it be intense amounts of gore, the spinning blades, jump pads, disc-like lifts, fire traps, spear traps; you name it! Even the eyeballs spatter across the screen when you rocket some poor souls face off.  Oh, and the weaponry...My god it's even more nostalgia! Drunken missiles, napalm gun, heat seekers!If you played the original, get it. If you haven't... Still get it and you'll be happy that you did!"
,Recommended,217140,16235089,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mordechai,"My thoughts on this game...Simply put this is a very well done fps. If I had to find anything wrong with it, I would bring up the campy 4th wall breaking satire in the game. I know the idea of the series was to be as completely ludicrous as possible, but some things such as the ""If your reading this, your score is probably crap"" or ""Hold the Action key here to spawn a BFG"" really almost took away from the game more than it helped. All the while the later stages are beautiful and for a game to remain as faithful to the original as much as this did, in the end...you couldn't ask for more.If you're a fan of 90's first person shooters, Definitely buy this.If not, buy it and play on easy as this game will whoop your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,217140,17439404,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cody1075,"Do you enjoy FPS games from the 90's? Did/Do you enjoy Rise of the Triad: Dark War? If yes to either of those, or both, you might want to check this game out. It has the same power-ups, power-downs, weapons, and enemies from the original (Plus it has a shotgun now). Even the awesome music from the original is there, but modernized and even better. I LOVE THE MUSIC! The gameplay is very similar to the original, with running around killing everything and avoiding traps, with hardly any story. There was one room that I HATED. It was all about platforming up to the next level, on jump pads. It was REALLY BAD. There are other small platforming bits here and there, but that was the only one that I really didn't like. I also had problems with some doors opening towards the end, and the game crashed on me a few times. The game is also really hard, and it challenges you. In a good way. When it comes to the multiplayer it is hard to find people, they are usually playing on saturday. But when you do find people it is fun classic arena style multiplayer! Overall, there were some problems but the rest of the game outshines them. I would recommend Rise of the Triad for some good old school fun and challenge!9/10"
,Recommended,217140,18194503,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Randy Stair,This game is almost as hard as the boner I have for it.
,Recommended,217140,13437181,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,FoxtrotTango,"A perfectly faithful and true remake is nigh-impossible to find, but with Apogee's Rise of the Triad (2013), you can get as close to a classic experience as one can manage without using 90-degree walls and flat character sprites. It's essentially the same game as it was before, just made to look a lot nicer and utilize the power of the Unreal Engine. You have access to all of the classic weapons, from the dual pistols and the MP40 to big-hitters like the Split Missile and the Firebomb. God Mode? Yes. Dog Mode? YES. Even the Dark Staff and the Excalibat are back in action and ready to kick some tail. Carve a path through the Triad of San Nicolas Island and look good doing it with the classic five characters suited up and ready for action. Anyone interested in picking up big guns and blowing bad guys away with it will love this game, because that's basically its mission statement. Even if you don't care for the plot, you don't really need to pay that much attention to it. Just kill everything and have fun.I will say that the game was slightly buggy in earlier patch versions, but that much has been significantly improved over time. Apogee has paid a lot of attention to what its players have had to say and it's a much more entertaining game because of it. One of the more fun additions is the Doomstick, just for those guys out there who have been lamenting the lack of a good combat shotgun. It may be a new addition, but I think it's a good one. This and many other updates are proof that Rise of the Triad is the product of tender loving care from the guys at Apogee Software and Interceptor Entertainment. It's got a lot of heart and plenty of fun, and it's even better if you share it with friends. I recommend that everyone looking for any or all of what I've just described pick this up, especially if it's on sale. It's definitely got more bang for your buck than most titles out there, and you'll likely be coming back to it again and again, simply for the mindless fun of it."
,Recommended,217140,13579612,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,Don't be fooled this is just a 3 hour long advertisement for a timeshare and then some computer animated pixies or some♥♥♥♥♥♥come out and do a dance number at the end
,Recommended,217140,10089386,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Sgt.Knox,this is fun 1995 meets 2014 nice job
76561197972802479,Recommended,217140,28883358,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[SWITCH]GorosXavier,Great game for a LAN party. Old skool shooter. And now cheap as well with steam sales
,Recommended,217140,10076122,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mana,"The single player content is virtually identical to the old game which I, as an old-school player of RotT, appreciated for about an hour or two (or maybe even three). After that it really started to show its age with dated mechanics and really odd environments. The briefing quips inbetween levels are hilarious and cringeworthy at the same time.As a homage to teh original Rise of the Triad, this does actually do an admirable job. It has every bit as much greatness, and every bit as much godawful annoyance (first person platforming, I'm looking at you!) as the old game.I do believe the multiplayer content is just as great as it was back then, but I just don't have enough time to sink into it.Would I recommend it? If you like the throwback and played the original game, it's worth a toss, especially on sale. If you are just looking for another crazy FPS to sink your teeth into, eeh no, there are far better alternatives such as Serious Sam 3."
,Recommended,217140,1686934,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Kure[DJS],"For people missing ""good old"" FPS, this game is great. I just finshed the first level, and all I have to say is : run, kill, collect, find secrets.No long cinematics.No 'Quickly press X to do Y'No automatic healingMultiplayer (not tested yet)Solo experience brings me back to the first games I played, and the first ROTT.I'm happy."
76561197970835917,Recommended,217140,10279003,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Hail To The BoomStick,"Rise of the Traid is a faithful remake of the crazy and comepletly random classic, which was known for its ludicrous gore and weapons. Thankfully, this remake by apogee does a great job of recreating what we all loved about the timeless classic. Insane gore and gibs ( with an option to disable it ) check. Great and varied level design, check, crazy weapons that will give you whiplash, check. Decent graphic engine, check. Fluid, smooth, fast, classic twitch shooting, check. The only problem I had was it sometimes was a little to faithful to the original, with confusing levels with no minimap, and some very annoying first person platforming sections. Its also dissapointing how the wonderfully fun and fast paced mulitplayer is mostly empty. Though fun can still be had with some old school lan multiplayer. All in all, its a great package, and for only 15 dollers, its worth taking a trip down nastalgia lane. 8/10."
,Recommended,217140,971582,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Guy_From_Hell,This is what DNF should have been!
,Recommended,217140,10086509,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,☣Patient Zero☣,Awesome old school style FPS fun! There isn't enough games like this on the market anymore.
,Recommended,217140,10007571,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,verbatim (HD),"This is old-school FPS brought into the modern age.  It's ridiculous, silly, and fun as hell."
,Recommended,217140,9790996,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,yung poopoo,The first good singleplayer game without a story.
,Recommended,217140,9880145,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,SomeSplicer,So much fun. More people should play this game.
,Recommended,217140,990725,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,The Doom Slayer,"Perfect, in every way."
,Recommended,217140,10199251,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Reaper Roo,"Remake of the game released in 1994. So shiny. Brings back all good old things that I love:  dinamic combat, health packs and armor wests. Challenging singlepleyer. Quake-like multiplayer. Check it out, you if were raised on Quake, like me."
,Recommended,217140,9993622,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Sorath72,Best FPS experience of all times. Rise of the triad is a good experience for young and old alike to enjoy classic FPS games with better graphics of course. It doesn't ditter from the classic gameplay that we all loved and enjoyed. Thanks Interceptor Entertainment for this great game.
76561198128236282,Recommended,217140,10282970,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Jacket,♥♥♥♥ yeah is good game !!!
,Recommended,217140,9822239,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Hollow_Fang,Fun but buggy bad ai
,Recommended,217140,9976842,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,BoyceMan08,"I thought that we would never get to see a quality remake of a 1990s FPS after Duke Nukem Forever but when I picked up a firebomb, nuked some Triads, and rocket jumped across the level just to grab a few koins - I realized that I was wrong.5/5. Would recommend."
,Recommended,217140,2341263,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,12Gage,"dahdahdahdah-dahdahdahdah-dahdahdahdah-dahdah GO!DAHDAHDAHDAHDAHDAHDHDAHDAHDAHDAH!!!!So yeah, it's pretty good."
76561198010454299,Recommended,217140,7598913,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Imperishable Knight,"Forget all those boring, generic shooters whose only interest is the pursuit of ""realism."" In this throwback to retro-style shooters, you can run at fifty MPH, jump sixty feet in the air, and blow people to smithereens with ROCKET LAUNCHING MINIGUNS!"
,Recommended,217140,1223029,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,<=LSP=> DatMaxNub,"As a fan of the original Rise of the Triad, I have to say Interceptor Entertainment did a fantastic job in remaking this game. The humor is pretty humorous, the weapons are powerful, enemies (while dumb) are challenging and humorous, and the levels are fun, challenging, and actually have their own unique charm. The levels actually looks and plays like a real, but crazy, base of operations for the triads, even with some areas based on the original maps. If you like classic fast paced shooters with multiple characters to choose and lots of weapons to blow everything up, please pick this title up. While it's still a little buggy I have had a blast playing through this game."
76561197989927531,Recommended,217140,9255243,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,inkrabid,"This is the 2015 remake of the classic ROTT. Old school, fast and unforgiving gameplay with ludicrous amounts of BOOM! and SPLAT! It was a little weird chasing down floating health markers and hovering weapons again, but you soon get caught up in the action.IK"
,Recommended,217140,7830130,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mt. Paramount,"Only get this if you have a beastly machine or don't mind 10 - 30 FPS on average even while not on high settings. Otherwise, very fun game. Too many jump puzzles though."
,Recommended,217140,8263093,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Perona,It's like Rise of the Triad.But NEW!
,Recommended,217140,8531905,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Twentysix,"Just awesome. Like it's 1994 again, only with more gibs, guns and blood spatter."
,Recommended,217140,13899846,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,flashdim,This baby would put a smile on anybody's face.
76561197987974060,Recommended,217140,13935880,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kryten 2x4b-523p,"This has to be the best remake of an older game that i have played, and i've played a lot. They merge the old with the new VERY VERY well, including elements of the old game into the new game, such as some of the sounds, the phrases that the characters say, the ""No Don't Shoot"" then they get up and start shooting you again. I've even had the eyeballs going down the screen and arm that is flipping you off when the body explodes. The ending pieces are a nice touch too, right down to the original graphics and sounds for it. I couldn't be more pleased with this game."
,Recommended,217140,8257723,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,therealmogwai,love the gamedislike the music and recommend playing it with music turned offif you are into oldschool fps then this is a perfect fit for youwill run well on pretty much any computer that post core 2no hand holding8/10
76561198021682398,Recommended,217140,13948180,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,KasperHermansen,A remake that sticks to the original idea and gameplay.Well worth it :)
76561198140364518,Recommended,217140,13874979,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,justanothergamer84,"Great game, really brings back the old school fps of the 90s with a BANG! Wish the multiplayer was a little bit more active, oh well still worth it for the price."
76561198099433771,Recommended,217140,11202576,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Psychonaut,not recommended for people with bad gamming rigs but if you have a good one its a great gane to play.
,Recommended,217140,10549499,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,jellystapler,dat music
,Recommended,217140,13325691,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,pacxel,Frame rate is a little slow. game play is ludacristhis takes me backnice joblike it
,Recommended,217140,29966882,Posted: 16 February,all,wiitennessee,A true classic polished a made new again. Like a Corvette with extra fins and rocket launchers.
76561198070067604,Recommended,217140,13450428,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rust7,A good re-work of the classic game!  8/10
76561198006476640,Recommended,217140,21967630,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Morphy,"A really good remake of the 1994 original Rise of the Triad: Dark War. The gameplay is fun although some of the jumping around and platforming elements maybe are a bit unwelcome. Solid FPS action, not a fantastic game, but pretty good stuff all round. Quite a good game really."
,Not Recommended,217140,29224740,Posted: 13 January,all,Purps™,"I wish it was good, but instead it's just sorta glitchy and unsatisfying. Hoped post-release support would've fixed the inconsistent performance and glitches but over 3 whole years later and on new hardware it's still glitchy and runs like♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,217140,21880626,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Misunderstood Wookiee,"It's a nice reboot, however suffers Ai activation bugs and terrible platform design choices which are not technically the level designs fault more the fault of the poor air control.Ai activation issues relate to times where you enter a room the Ai are spawned but they do not notice you exist until your fire or get close to them."
,Recommended,217140,9239962,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,zeh | rorshack,"The new ""Rise of the Triad"" is an interesting game. It's what Wolfenstein 3d would have looked like if it was remade faithfully 10 years ago. And by ""interesting"" I mean full of enemies that shoot through walls, lots of jumping, very fast paced action, and a lot of bugs/weirdness.The level/objective design reminds me of the Doom era... which can be a good thing depending on where you're coming from.This game is worth it if you buy at lower than, say, 10 bucks. If anything, to at least see how games used to be 10 to 20 years ago. It *is* somewhat modernized - higher poly count, texture resolutions, etc - but the gameplay is very oldschool (purposedly, I'm assuming)."
,Recommended,217140,33890964,Posted: 29 July,all,[THT]FASCIITIS,"insanity, lots of carnage"
76561197970732643,Recommended,217140,7834041,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Wartyo,"Everyone who has a soul should buy this game, and cry tears of joy for Wolfenstein 3d returned."
76561197972662678,Recommended,217140,13928677,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Gibbrons Main Man Extraordinair,Great gameplay fun as hell but its hard just like games used to be
76561198040985145,Recommended,217140,11220231,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,FRIEDENBERG69,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHv9JNb9JP0all that needs to be said
,Recommended,217140,12560705,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,*FPCG| LeviathaN,"Well, it's like old games, you hold the dash button, YOU GO TOO DAMN FAST. Very funny to play. Hard Mode is not even that hard :D"
,Recommended,217140,7825688,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,snot,"a really good remake of the old build game from 94, now i want them to do blood or a better duke nukem"
76561198069193208,Recommended,217140,7858890,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,sizzle like a sausage,This game is so fun! I love the oldschool gameplay and the buttery-smooth movement :) This is also one of the goriest things I have ever played :D And I LOVE IT
76561198047693993,Recommended,217140,10545363,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ranald McDanald,"This game is an awesome remake of an awesome classic. Extreme fun, Extreme hell-raising. The gore is beautiful."
,Recommended,217140,10679617,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dr. Smile,HIlarious
,Recommended,217140,10732671,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vito,"If you like classic shooters and hate nazis then i guess you will like it. If you are nazi and hate shooters, not so much."
,Recommended,217140,14642363,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Tryyton,as oldschool as it can get
76561198048072508,Recommended,217140,7543198,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,PynTheFox,BEST! FPS!!!! GAME OF THE LAST 10 YEARS!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,217140,24222319,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Vayne,"This might be my first negative review and only because how bad this FPS is. Do note that I have played countless FPS games in this genre like: Doom Series, Duke Nukem (Original and Forever), Hexen 2, Soldier of Fortune, Prey, Unreal, Unreal 2, Wolfenstien Series, ...etc. So I know what I am looking for.Sadly, this game just throws everything with the following:- Unfair Traps- Stupidly Spongy Enemies- Weapons that don't have any unique feel to them and feel more like fake props gameplay wise- Annoying level design- Excessively repeatative one liners- Unfair bosses and uninspiring too- Bad platformingAnd the list goes on. Since Command & Conquer Renegade, this is the second game I had to use invinciblity cheat to complete it. I started doing it since second boss because the difficulty from there takes a stupidly insane spike.If you like Action FPS games, avoid this as it is both not fun nor funny..."
76561197969417125,Recommended,217140,7866886,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,G00N3R,"I never played the original Rise Of The Triad, but I like old school FPSes, so I've been looking forward to this remake for a while. I'm happy to say that ROTT doesn't disappoint.The combat is fast paced and the weapons feel enjoyable to use. There are no ""press a button to stick yourself to a wall"" cover mechanics, although obviously you can still use walls for cover in a more natural way.  Enemy AI is pretty dumb but there are lots of them so if you're careless they can punish you. And when you take damage, there's none of the regenerating health nonsense. You need to find health packs, which come in the shape of food. And if you shoot the food with a rocket before you collect it, you can ""cook"" it so it heals a larger amount, which is a nice touch.One area where I felt ROTT's combat was lacking is tactical depth. There isn't much variety in either weapons or enemy types so there's almost no requirement to figure out ""this weapon works best against this enemy"". Robots can only be damaged by rockets, but the rocket launcher pickups are so frequent that you'll probably just use them against every enemy anyway.Level design is fantastic, like a puzzle box where you have to find switches and coloured keys to unlock doors. The environment is often as dangerous as the enemies, as you squeeze between spinning blades or make precise jumps across narrow platforms over instant death spike pits. There are secrets to find and you can rocket-jump to reach high ledges.You can choose between five playable characters who each have different stats for movement speed and damage tolerance. I chose the British guy because that is my nationality and his 2 star speed / 4 star endurance seemed like a good pick for my playing style. There is no skill progression during the game.The story is as basic as you'd expect from a 90's FPS. Terrorists (who don't actually look even vaguely Chinese) are planning to do bad stuff, kill them. The heavy rock music adds to the intensity of the combat. I had some occasional issues with framerate stuttering, but after checking the forum for advice I disabled motion blur, and afterwards it seemed more stable.Overall ROTT is a pretty good choice if you're in a ""turn off your brain and enjoy the action"" mood, especially if you're a fan of the old school. The singleplayer campaign is a little short, I got an achievement for finishing in under 4 hours, but my actual playing time was 8 hours (I guess it didn't count time lost to deaths). Either way, I'd suggest picking this up on a sale."
,Recommended,217140,7965143,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Kritikos,"Even before the quicksave function was implimented, I had more fun than frustration with the difficulty and sparse checkpoints of this remake. It's more absurd and extreme than the original game, and the multiplayer kicks♥♥♥♥♥ though few people play it anymore."
,Recommended,217140,7968704,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ryan,"I can say that this game is one of the rare few that actually lives up to the 'old school' claim quite well, although it still has a few modernisms that may stick out like a sore thumb in contrast to the classic game.Despite the game starting out with a very rocky start, e.g: bugs, performance issues; some which might still persist to this day, it is much more stable and optimized lately than before. It is worth giving it a try, especially since the game is still having content being made for it by the developers, new features are being added, user maps are being made, amongst other things. The AI is still on the bad side though, but it shouldn't discourage anyone much.Fans of very fast paced action, absurd, wacky humor and gameplay and so on should find themselves enjoying this game. Pick it up whenever it is most convenient and have a blast."
,Recommended,217140,7968038,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,StenPett,"Proper old-school shooter done right (unlike a certain other game we waited for forever). Run and gun where quick reflexes and happy trigger fingers work their magic, and guns even have limitless ammo...Oh, and the sound track is kick♥♥♥♥♥metal. mixed with the original midi, and it works!"
,Recommended,217140,7971238,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"ROTT is for old-school gamers. It looks, plays, and feels like old-school FPS games. Do not be fooled by the screenshots, this game does not look as amazing as it seems. It really feels like someone took the old Wolfenstein 3D engine and remade it. Movement in the game feels old-school, you kind of bolt around on a cloud of air. The weapons are over the top and fun to use. There are secret areas just like FPS of old. Each level ends with a summary screen showing you how you did. There is a health bar instead of the now norm of no health, screen gets red until you get out of combat.If you've never experienced the joys of installing a handful of floppies and wandering claustrophobic corridors in search of secret areas filled with treasure and beating your friends high score, then you might not get this game. If you think this is a revamped series then you are wrong. I mean, it is well done and there is more outdoors less cramped corridors, but basically it's hardcore old-school and it makes no appologies for it.I recommend this game for players who have an itch to play those old-school shooters, but can't stand the controls/graphics of the originals. The levels aren't terribly long and you can hop in for a few minutes and kill bad guys while you wait for your wife/girlfriend to finish doing whatever it is they do that takes so long and gives you an excuse to play games while they do it."
76561198043143142,Recommended,217140,7946524,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mike,IT'S AWESOOME!!!
,Recommended,217140,9220502,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Hyperwood,Crummy game 1/10 would not buy.Doesn't even have killstreakz lul 420
76561198071726085,Not Recommended,217140,20713641,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Tommyknocker,I loved the original and really wanted to enjoy this game. When I first purchased the game it was full of bugs and glitches. Most of these have been repaired since. Every once in a while I restart this game only to stop a few hours later. I find it a bit boring repetitive. There is nothing particuarly wrong with the game and I wish I could give it a mixed rating but overall it is a thumbs down.
76561198026087959,Not Recommended,217140,24166159,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Frank14The88Tank,"Rise of the Triad is a nice throwback at the Old School fps ame that for once, is an actual old school instead of being a modern fps with one or two semi old school aspect to appeal to the nostalgic customersThe gun play is nice, the ennemy are'nt really diversified and it can get repetitive, but many old school fps do get repetetive.The boss fight are nice and so far as I played, don't have these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ shinny part that when you shoot at them, deal 110000000000000 damage and make it easy and remove any kind of challenge.So far it's a nice game easilly 8/10.But why the negative review?Goddamned FPS platforming. It would'nt be that bad if you could see your own legs. But you can't, and 3/4 time you can't even see where you are landing and you fall in an bottomless pit or in lava.♥♥♥♥ing halo 3 did it when you needed to get those skulls that did random♥♥♥♥♥♥ why could'nt Apogee thing about that.I you can't even see where you are going when trying to not fall in lava, the platforming section don't become enjoyable, they become painfull and will make even the most experienced chinese nepalien monk rage like mad man.Rise of the Triad was a nice reboot with nice weaponry and gunplay, but with lack of diversity in the ennemy and missing a crucial element when it come to platforming that will make you fail a lot.If you have some divine talent when it come to platforming with binded eye and you loved the original and old school fps, this game is for you.If not, you are doing yourself a favour by avoiding it."
,Recommended,217140,3496055,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Lone Wolfe (Hoover1979),"You HAVE to get this game!  f**king awesome  big guns, max carnage rocking soudtrack, big guns great graphics, big guns everything a fps fan would cream themselves over 5 stars!!!!!"
,Recommended,217140,543183,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Tex Murphy,Rise of the Triad is Game of the Millennium!
,Recommended,217140,10145438,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,OhioMan,"Got this game when it was on sale, loved the original game back in the day, I like this game too."
,Not Recommended,217140,7885742,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,PAL-18 🐢,"Dont get this game.  It's not worth its full sale price.  Aside from that, gameplay has no storyline (or a very poor storyline at best) and its mindless shooting with a few puzzles mixed in.  Your movement speed is also insanely unrealistically fast and you can literally time run every level in under a minute because its so fast."
,Not Recommended,217140,9716069,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Bokor,If you're looking for a retro-shooter that has been updated properly: skip this and go for Shadow Warrior instead.
76561198158938940,Not Recommended,217140,17453070,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"This game is basically a crap but somehow I still played for almost an hour.If you are looking for a slash game, no specific reason to kill and unlimited ammo without the need for loading, this is your game. Glitches happens like you missed your shot even you know you hit it. Took 3 or more bullets when you shot on head or other parts, I bet they do the same damage as long as you use the same weapon. This game kind of makes ppl feel the old school style but it really not getting there."
76561198068335084,Not Recommended,217140,14283111,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bibendovsky,Unfortunately the game does not introduce anything new (except graphics and achievements) compared to the original one. This is... ridiculous.
,Recommended,217140,7745328,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Schiz0id,"it's a very fun game, but it can become a little bit slow.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=179520453this makes it run faster!"
76561198043549707,Recommended,217140,13398066,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,iLikeBlackGirls,Can you believe they remade this game? lol
76561197991843905,Recommended,217140,10215878,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,GeneXTRParmesan,Please optimize the game.
76561197972883530,Recommended,217140,9716904,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Jewmin the Jew,Meh.
,Recommended,217140,13397034,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Semicuack,Best ludicrous dog simulator ever made by humans... i think they are humans beings...
,Recommended,217140,9409333,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,El Pumpking,Game has a mode where you play as a dog. 10/10
,Recommended,217140,9508046,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,satsun,"ROTT'13 sticks to the game's roots. It's a straight-forward, no-frills shooter. You play through the game killing stuff. No drawn-out story or cut scenes.This game can be challenging and there are at least a few platformer challenges. Some of the bosses, particularly the final boss, can be a little frustrating but they're not terrible. I played through on ""normal"" difficulty but didn't seem to get an achievement for that.Did I mention that this game is a bit buggy? You might get stuck in things sometimes but spend some time trying to get out or rocket jump out. Also, quicksaving is buggy in certain levels. I played through with a GTX 780 and the game had a lot of performance issues until I lowered some visual settings. It really doesn't look like a game that should suffer from performance issues but it happens.I recommend this game if you like fast-paced shooters. Took me just over 9.5 hours to complete."
,Recommended,217140,9773419,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,★ macho shoujo,this sure is a video game.and it'd be a pretty good one if the framerate didn't constantly♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed
76561198040051566,Recommended,217140,9392072,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Door,"g-SCORE: [2.8]A great time-killer, and must-have for old-school FPS fans.g-Rating Categories:>>gameplay [3]Wicked FPS. Controls are smooth and on point.>>graphics [3]Gore looked good to me.>>gui [3]Standard interface for Unreal-esque FPS.>>glitches [2]Just the occasional torso floating around suspiciously, and the then-and-again idiot Nazi who doesn't quite undersand the concept of a door. More funny stuff. Nothing game-breaking.>>gasp [3]This game is hilarious. Lots of hidden funnies in the envrionment, and the commentary is a blast.Best possible score is a [3.2]."
,Recommended,217140,9715509,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,JamezXMassacre,"Awesome, with old styled FPS gameplay, great graphics, great humour, and fun missions. Multiplayer is like quake, but sadly nobody seems to play it online.  Overall a great game, sticks to it's roots, and yes, you can aim down the sights! I pre-ordered this game a while back, and now that it's on sale for dirt-cheap, I'd reccomend you buy this, as you can't go wrong!"
,Recommended,217140,8259427,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wuffi,CLASSIC! I love this game <3 it reminds me Wolfenstein. I realy recommend to buy this awesome game! 5/5
76561197978929482,Recommended,217140,8687975,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mondars37 {AΩ},Oh HELL YES!
,Recommended,217140,9418866,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Residentearth,This game made my inner 13-year-old squeal in delight. A treat for anyone who spent many hours playing Build-based games and Doom shareware clones.I kinda wish Duke Nukem would've gotten this kind of treatment.
76561198012351789,Recommended,217140,9535356,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,bukkakesteve,"Ludicrous speed: GO!10/10EDIT: But seriously this game is great fun, super fast paced FPS with more than the requisite amount of snark. It brings teh lulz to be sure.Lots of secret areas to discover and coins to gather along the way add to the replayability factor which is immense.Cool weapons, great music, and this re-imagining looks great! The Unreal engine is one of my favorites and I'm loving it in ROTT.Back when games was games and developers respected us enough to forget us we had the original ROTT and nothing has changed about that in this release. Good ol' Apogee, you can bury me in a lunchbox anyday.  ;)"
76561197972086308,Recommended,217140,8724998,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,[MKS]Tao,"This game really captures the feel of the old school 90s shooters.They really hit a home run redoing this game.  The game is actually hard!  I was just about to give up hope that Halo and more modern games which funnel you through the game (so you don't get stuck) had left dificult gaming as a lost art.They did mimic some of the levels from the orriginal game which is awesome, but the game is not a secret finding fest like the old one was unfortunately."
,Recommended,217140,4379512,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,GasMask,A geniune remake of this classic. Very faithful from it's roots.
76561197990220919,Recommended,217140,1258206,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,"This is how its done people!  You take the original FPS Gameplay over a decade ago and make it now with new graphics, sound, music and tons of options.    Remember how FPS games were?  Tough as Nails and Great Gameplay.Get Rise of the Triad Now and have all of this and then some."
,Recommended,217140,7455222,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,ChexGuy,"An incredibly faithful reboot that does everything right. Level, visual, and sound designs are great, the weapons feel good, it's insanely fast, and there's an arcade-like scoring system. At $15 USD, you get single-player AND multiplayer with free DLC. That's a complete steal, considering the game's modest budget."
76561198074670618,Recommended,217140,10676028,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Budah,Classic action just like the original with better visuals all around.
,Not Recommended,217140,24247653,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Usually, I really like old school FPS games.But Rise of the Triad (2013) REMAKE has too many problems (on my end) to be enjoyed properly.First of, the game crashed about 5 times in about an hour of gameplay. Whether I play in x86 or x64 it doesn't matter. This is where I draw the line and won't put up with this sh!t since I keep losing my gameplay progress as well (even Quick Saves). There's a lot of screen tearing and flickering as well on my end. Maybe it simply doesn't support Windows 10 that well and also, UltraWide Screen too.From what I could play, it is a strick old-school style FPS game with plenty of gore, action and very fast paced (as I loved my old school FPS games). The platforming segments in this game may have made sense in the early 2000, but today in modern gaming, it doesn't.I wish I could enjoy the game more but on the technical side, I've had enough of fiddling around (compatibility mode didn't worked) and trying to make the game work.I'd only recommend if you can get game on a sweet sale then try it out if it works good on your system. Also, you gotta love old school style FPS games... that IS mandatory!Moving on to other games..."
,Not Recommended,217140,24249556,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,QuoteUnquote,"It's been a while since this game has been relevant to me (or anyone else for that matter), but, while I'm writing reviews, I might as well close the book on this one. I did enjoy RotT for a while, in spite of its best efforts to ensure I couldn't, but looking back at it from a more objective point of view, this was a subpar experience. Let me break this up into some relatively simple points.+The soundtrack was one of the finest points of the original game, and the same is true here. Lee Jackson's masterful compositions translated quite naturally to metal.+The smorgasbord of ridiculous rocket launchers is as satisfying as ever to use. Just like the original, the game really only comes alive when you get a hold of some explosives. And there will indeed be ludicrous gibs.+The powerups are all back, including the delightfully stupid ""dog mode"", which I've yet to see in any other game.+Bullet weapons are less boring to use than in the original, though the dual pistols feel useless now.+There's now an extra weapon slot for magic weapons, though it rarely comes into play.+The multiplayer was pretty fun, albeit not very populated, and I can't imagine that's gotten any better with time.+At least they managed to implement manual saves, even if it is only a single quicksave slot. Most games these days offer no such function.+The General Darian fight was a huge step up, as was El Oscuro, who you are actually allowed to shoot at now.-The level design somehow manages to be worse than it was before. There was a certain charm in the nonsensical quality of the original, with its maze-like layout and creative use of traps. Now everything is essentially a straight line, with the unique quirks of the old RotT heavily applied to only a few select areas...-with the exception of the bouncing pads, which are now mostly directional and make up several horrendous platforming segments. Your character's rigid movements, combined with said pads' tiny size, leave very little margin for error.-Touchplates, pushwalls, and wandering walls are gone.-Every checkpoint is a point of no return, so missing any secrets means replaying the whole level.-Reloading a checkpoint will sometimes leave you unable to get 100% due to some enemies not re-spawning or some of your coins being uncounted, but, I guess that's a good incentive to not die...-Enemies are somehow even dumber than their 90's counterparts, standing perfectly still to repeatedly shoot at you; you'll still get hurt pretty quickly though. Back in the day, hitscan enemies shuffled side to side in a random fashion while occasionally taking a shot at you in-between, but that was still somewhat decent game design, unlike this.-Level geometry is finicky, sometimes trapping you inside of it, and sometimes being unexpectedly intangible.-Even on reasonably powerful machines, the game's performance is mediocre at best. Framerate will take a sharp nosedive when the action gets complex, and large levels will often trigger a crash to desktop. This has been a problem from day one.-Krist was a classic case of ""kill him faster than he kills you"", NME's heat seeking missles were often instant death, and Snake Oscuro was overly long and tedious.So yeah. The old RotT definitely was not perfect, and I'd hoped that this would address some of its shortcomings, but it brings its own instead."
,Recommended,217140,25975985,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lauski,"Certainly played the original a good bit, made some maps for it and was looking forward to this release. Without question, I can give it a thumbs up. Played it before they had fully finished it, before they had steam achievements, etc. Recently took the opportunity to revisit the game and share thoughts of this near-final version. (I say near-final, since this development team has continued to issue so many new things and fixes over the years it's remarkable.)The game is mostly linear, but not bothersome. There are some well-placed secrets that make it worth poking around. You'll need to get a key or flip a switch to progress, but it's not like other games of the mid 90's where you could get lost, or really had to FIGURE OUT the level. I don't even remember if the original RoTT had any ""maze"" type aspect to it to be honest, so this may be spot-on in that regard.This game's levels are completely planned--- WELL planned with health + enemies in known quantities and locations. I like this. I am not as much of a fan of games that employ the ""lock you in a room and spawn enemies at you until you're blue in the face"" mechanics. I find it to be cheap level design! Some may wonder at why we are gathering coins and jumping impossible heights, but this was the original game. You collect coins because you want a high score! You want a high-score because... 1990's!The missile, flame & magic weapons are as much of a blast to use as ever, but stick to them. I find the pistols and machine gun to be quite underwhelming in all regards, including the animations in which your victims react to being shot by them. You'll only use them for backup though, so it's not a huge deal.The soundtrack was done with so much passion, they are truly an audiophile's dream. Games from the 90's were all about the music, the melody, and having a ""song"" to play a game to. Go old-school and listen to the MIDI versions as well!The bosses are a challenge and have some interesting mechanics, so much so you will likely have to turn down the difficulty. There are no ""circle strafe and win"" fights here, but there's also no obtuse boss mechanics where you have to die 100 times (or read online) to be able to win.Multiplayer still seems alive and well. Subscribe the levels recommended to have in your downloads so you can jump in and get to work. Here, you'll see how fast and intense this game can truly be! It works well and is as intended. There is no progress or incentive to do it other than ... you want to shoot other people. Again, 1990's here.Now for the negatives and I jot these down so you can make sure you come in knowing them and are not disappointed. In no way did they significantly impact MY enjoyment, but some frustrated me at times:-Occasional quick save crashes-Difficult FPS platforming to be found here-- but try to have fun. It really is unique! Quicksave and try again quickly!-Getting stuck at odd times on doorways, ramps, rocks & misc. objects-There are random checkpoints, very frustrating when attempting to get 100% level completion! You can turn a corner or step through a door and find yourself locked from going back and exploring. Use the guide in the forums, if you're trying to get the achievements.-Sometimes difficult to shoot enemies behind railings due to explosive weapons detonating on ""invisible walls"" making enemies invulnerable. Just jump and shoot down at them to land your kill."
,Not Recommended,217140,29278183,Posted: 15 January,all,skogach,Very poor implementation.
76561198055621814,Recommended,217140,34299106,Posted: 16 August,all,Klagent,"im not sure what is going on most of the time, but it's fun, i might ♥♥♥♥♥♥ a little harder if you were here with me?"
,Recommended,217140,19654847,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jay,An awesome modernized but faithful remake of one of the best FPS games of all time.
,Recommended,217140,19070510,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,WatMachtDieKuh?,"Get this game when it is on sale its a fair deal.Just finished it and I have to say it was the hell of a game. There are 2 very hard ""puzzle"" levels which will drive u mad but everything else is pretty much splatter and gore and getting achievements for tea bagging ripped of enemy heads...6/10 ...  Barely enjoyable but still a thumbs up for all the insanity..."
76561198158938889,Recommended,217140,19448921,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Ricky V,Who needs nostalgia when you have this beauty?10/10 would cut dudes in half with a machinegun again
,Recommended,217140,20474261,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Adamy,"its very simple, as an old fan of the classic you will for sure love this new image of this game"
,Recommended,217140,20445378,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dusk,"This remake is f..n AWESOME!!!!!! Must have, exactly!"
,Recommended,217140,20579161,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,McFuckNuggets,"If you like rocket launchers, groovy music and enemies begging for their life, you'll like this one.I think Interceptor did a good job at capturing what made the original great and put it back up to date."
,Recommended,217140,18707022,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Rydiak,"Very faithful and very fun.  Simply put, you'd find it hard to put $15 to better use."
,Recommended,217140,18899074,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Mago Gellino,LUDICROUS.
76561198018194976,Recommended,217140,18667944,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,jmc5514,"reminded me of the first game, but i miss some of the odd features of the old game."
,Recommended,217140,18678679,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Edga_games //csgoatse.com//,Rise of the Triad is an FPS game.Just AMAZING game.And funny a bit :).There are a lot of missions in this game and they are cool.I recommend this game.
,Recommended,217140,19644411,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Death of Self,"Decent, but saddly multiplayer is completely dead, I have never been able to find a game online"
,Recommended,217140,15460303,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,|D34(|-|`/,Really really graphical Game. One of the nice games id say cant wait to upgrade my system so i can play it abit better ( my graphic card overheats ) unfortunately but it looks absolutely amazing.
,Recommended,217140,16312643,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Somatic Apparition,"The essence of 90s shooters ground up into a fine, snortable powder. Worth every penny."
76561198000162778,Recommended,217140,15624126,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mitch you sonovabitch,"Possibly the only modern day shooter that claims it's old school and actually delivers. Some of the classic features are: broken AI, frustrating jump puzzles, brain-dead key hunts, unfair difficulty level, and of course - fast-paced gameplay (and I mean ""holy-sh!t-I-just-snorted-half-a-pound-of-cocaine-while-riding-on-Usain-Bolt's-back"" fast).And it's extremely fun."
,Recommended,217140,17346947,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,paaaaaaaaac,"very fun and cheap game, the gameplay is polished and smooth for a remastered classic PC FPS title."
,Recommended,217140,17258727,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Mang,"A good reboot of one my favorite dos games of all time. However after playing the Shadow Warrior reboot, I think there was was room for improvement on ROTs reboot."
,Recommended,217140,14036521,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Midas Imperius,"very nice retro shooter, in the veins of the old RoTT, and wolfenstein, with the same lack of enemy variety, except with more diverse and fleshed out level design.somewhat enjoyable.. but then you reach E2M2 and you wonder.. ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥!?""but then, after you've gotten past the insanely annoying platforming puzzles (the mid-air control in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you'll more often than not slide off of a moving platform after you've landed on it. ♥♥♥♥ing momentum.) then, you can enjoy more gibbing, NEW enemies, and more awesome metal tracks.did i mention that? the soundtrack is the best part of the game. gets you pumped and somewhat agitated, but as yahtzee put it.. angry gets♥♥♥♥♥♥done!"
76561198064261646,Recommended,217140,12945879,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Superinfected,"Fun, fast and challenging. There's really not much change between the original and the remake, and it's a bit repetitive, but you wouldn't buy the game if you didn't want to indulge in some gory nostalgia...and occasionally laugh at the comedic quips the game tosses at you."
,Recommended,217140,12715986,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,PHLX,"After a brief play! This is a worthy buy. A Goddamn steal at %75 off right now!! Fast-paced and down right, back to basics deathmatch. I can't wait to play around with the dedicated server. That's a vital aspect, that's been calliously overlooked, by certain 'AAA' game devs. Games like this, are ones to watch!"
,Recommended,217140,12706376,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,namgrim,"This re-imaging of the 90s cult classic 1st person shooter is pretty cool, I guess. Rise of the Triad has the old-school action feel. It's a fast-paced gore fest as you run around and mow down your enemies. There is backstory for the action, but no-one cares about that. Gimme something to shoot!There are some really cool power-ups like God Mode and Dog Mode. The former turns you literally to a god who floats around and kills people with a wave of a hand. The latter turns you a dog. Also the weapons are pretty awesome.  The graphics and sound effects are pretty okay. The heavy metal soundtrack fits the game.The maps are pretty simple and the action might get a bit repetitive. Occasionally there is some very aggravating platforming. The puzzles are easy get-the-key or push-the-button-to-open-a-door type. I've also had some performing issues with ROTT. It crashes quite a lot. But the overall action and shooting is so much FUN that it doesn't matter."
76561198152612867,Recommended,217140,17321535,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,emilie,"First FPS game I learned growing up with my 5 older brothers.  I liked it then and it is still fun now!  This is the 2013 version, so much more modernized than the original 1990's version - which is great to see!   Fun! -- Ohh, and the Multiplayer DeathMatch is Awesome!  WoW!"
76561197968560421,Recommended,217140,11209592,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,RandalMcdaniel,wolfenstein on laughing gas
,Recommended,217140,13298929,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,HeadShot,"Neat old- school fun, but I bumped into bug and cannot finish it. Good stuff tho."
,Recommended,217140,27210047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nasty Nate,"Very faithful redux of the classic ROTT. Lots of nostalgia, very well done."
76561198111951775,Not Recommended,217140,34170817,Posted: 11 August,all,Clownslay,This game crashes more than Stevie Wonder on an ATV.
,Recommended,217140,1796071,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,SparkyMcSparks,"In a game where you spend a majority of the time moving aroun fast, it's plagued by bad level design and environment art that will frustratingly break your momentum with tedious collision (you may even literally get stuck in collision and have to restart the map). I doubt this can be addressed post-release without re-releasing all the maps, such a shame on that design choice whether intended or slipped through.Checkpoints are scarce too and the developers erred on the side of too few, regardless of what difficulty you play, if you die you will have to replay several minutes of whatever you had painstakingly accomplished already.Multiplayer seemed to have some network performance problems, expected on release week, likely to be addressed in a patch I assume.If you can look past the above points, this game is really fun and has a lot of potential. Level editor not included in the box, but apparently should be coming out eventually -- and hopefully custom map makers do collision passes in their maps."
76561198035643084,Recommended,217140,13009403,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jr786,"An Enchanced HD Remake of the Classic 1994-1995 DOS game from my Childhood Days.I love this game so much!All The Weapons (Knives, Pistols, MP4, Flamewall, Dark Staff, Firebomb, Boomstick,Split Missile, Drunk Missile, Bazooka, Heat Seekers & Excalibat!),the Powerups (God mode, Elasto mode, Mercury mode, Shrooms mode & Dog mode!),the Graphics and even the Music of this TOTALY AWESOME GAME!Both Classic DOS & HD Arranged Soundtrack Versions!And the Best part of all, Rise of the Triad HD uses the Unreal Engine!It's an old Favorite DOS Classic with a New Ludicrous HD Twist on FPS Gaming!"
,Recommended,217140,14247772,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,OneHandedSquire,"Rise of the Triad is a dumb game.  But it's dumb in the way that Dragonball Z is a dumb show or Demolition Man is a dumb film, which is to say it's brimming with fun and imagination while being totally, totally stupid.In this game, you will run around like a maniac bouncing off of inexplicable bounce-pads to collect inexplicable Mario coins while completely explicably turning Nazi cosplayers into a steady hail of parts with explosive weapons sprinkled about every area in a way that would make an OSHA employee cry.  And no, these aren't rare pleasures, they're the core gameplay mechanics.  No, the rare pleasures are power-ups that turn you into Superman's dog or make you trip balls.  And it's all wrapped up in a gritty-gray modern ""realistic"" package, which simultaneously looks nice and acts as a great big eye roll at every other ""realistic"" shooter.If you're used to the current age of shooters, you might have some trouble adjusting to RotT's old-school sensibilities, especially since it certainly makes no effort to bridge the distance with a tutorial or similar flower-child notions of game design.  For instance, it will never tell you the game is a cooking sim.  Explosives + food you found on the ground = hot, healing goodness!  Nor will it tell you that weapons have alternate fire or that you can quicksave whenever you like.  Its hard-on for secret areas, pathetic missile splash damage, and the sniper-like accuracy of enemies with small-arms from across the map will all become obvious as you play.  That you can more-or-less safely fire a missile at your feet to high jump into secret areas, might not if you missed out on the heyday of early arena shooters.  Mind, none of these are bad things once you know.  This is just how early shooters played and it all works well.  Even the aforementioned sniper-like accuracy isn't a problem because you play a nigh-invincible man or lady with sexual organs too large to spoon cover on a regular basis.No, the trouble is the first-person precision platforming.  If you're new to the idea, it works about as well as trying to parallel park a morbidly obese man in a port-a-potty by furiously slapping at his jowls from piggyback, which is to say: it's difficult, inconsistent, and kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥.  The original was apparently a pioneer of first person platforming; one of the early 2.5D games to attempt multiple levels of architecture.  Unfortunately, that makes it mandatory in this game, but not good.  To put it bluntly, the platforming is bad.  But it's not so bad to negate the overall frenetic joy of the experience.This game is worth five to ten of your dollars.  It pays all of it back in good old action-violence fun."
76561198013136696,Not Recommended,217140,28433519,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mungojerrie,"I tried to like this silly old-school arcade first-person shooter, and at times it let me. The performance was all over the place even after I've spent a considerable amount of time tweaking graphics options and .ini files. But my main gripe is the same that a lot of other people that left negative reviews have - it's how buggy this game is. It played mostly fine for the first two levels and I've quite enjoyed my time with it. but on the third level trying to load a quicksave has always led to a crash. I tried both a 32-bit and a 64-bit executables, and the result was always the same - a crash. And after trying to beat the level a couple of times and having to start it over from the beginning each time after dying, I gave up.It's a shame, really, there's a refreshingly fast-paced, silly and gory FPS hidden somewhere under the numerous technical problems."
,Recommended,217140,12481721,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,volfin,"If you like games where smartass teenagers run circles around you and make you feel like an unskilled noob, then this is the game for you. And that's just fighting the NPCs. They are really smarasses."
,Recommended,217140,15001370,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,RomireOnline,10/10
,Recommended,217140,31212578,Posted: 17 April,all,¿Te suporteo papi?,It does justice to the original game. Unstoppable amounts of fun and ludicrous gibs.
,Recommended,217140,29450710,Posted: 23 January,all,nolongerseemssofaraway,"It's an ablolute gore fest and i love it.  I played the original a lot between my Warcraft and Daggerfall binges and I must say, this remake, while not perfect, brings back a plethera of memories."
76561198002124849,Recommended,217140,29906237,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"It's definitely Rise of the Triad. Very fast, very simple, very fun."
,Recommended,217140,12378122,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Gumball Watterson,I can't even beat level one. Game of The Forever.Edit:I have beaten level one.
,Recommended,217140,17248663,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,udk115v2,"Great visuals , great music , and ludicrous gibs! 9/10"
,Recommended,217140,17253687,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Omar,A great fastpace FPS. I still have a problem with the number of weapons you can carry but it is done for gameplay purposes.
,Recommended,217140,9178941,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,borsdy,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtGBwnn1paA
,Not Recommended,217140,8594857,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Menphues,"Installed, maxed graphics and settings, played half of the first mission and removed it.Would I recommend it, yes and no.  It really did bore me, it had nothing special or new to me and felt like a Quake/ Serious Sam copy with none of the great stuff.This game actually bored me, yes I did not play that long but I expect so much more and maybe if you do not expect much you will find this game more enjoyable but for me I did not!"
76561198014621099,Not Recommended,217140,9876186,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DW2054,Wait for this game to be $5 and you won't feel entirely ripped off.  This is the absolute antithesis to my Shadow Warrior review (read that to see what I mean).
,Not Recommended,217140,15266781,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,progpio,"The game is completely unplayable. Buggy as hell, got crash on 1st level. Thanks for nothing. I do not recommend."
76561198060622168,Recommended,217140,22969231,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Platinummatthew,LORELEI NI IS BEST WAIFU
,Not Recommended,217140,22325600,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,The Weredragon,"With the very heavy heart I have to put the thumb down for this game. I loved the old retro ROTT and I loved the idea of the remake. But... Even after days of tweaking and playing with settings, ini editing and resolution downgrading, the best FPS you get is about 8...As soon as they or anybody fixes the FPS issue, I would love to give it all recommendation."
,Not Recommended,217140,22597644,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SunBofu,"For a game with so much platforming, there sure are some janky physics. Also, something that might barely scrape you in one instance and do about 3% damage will suddenly insta-kill you in a lot of places.Far too many bugs, too. Don't even bother with quick saving and quick loading. They'll crash your game about half the time. Died because your character over shot a jump in a series of stupid platforming exercises? Too bad, go back to the last checkpoint and do everything over again.I like the secrets, which is something modern FPSes are desperately lacking, but this doesn't stack up to the original very well at all."
,Not Recommended,217140,9189941,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,dunski,"I havent been this dissapointed in a game in a long, long time. What I think is going to be a delightful trip on nostalgia road quickly turned into an agonizing torment. I love fast paced shooters. UT 2004 was one of my favorite games ever, but this is just for lack of a better word utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ How are you going to start an old school shooter off with hit scan weapons, then not give you enough ammo for the launchers. A little later on they bombard you with powerful weapons but in tight cooridors. I can touch both walls by putting my arms out, time to put in a multi launcher that spans the whole ♥♥♥♥ing room. Bad game design is the continual trait this game portrays. Top that off with a server browser that struggles to find 4 servers. One of which with actual players in it. Oh this must be where the pinnacle of this project must be, but no. You are then greeted by worse spawns than COD and lazy weapon placement. Also no choice in what map is next so you are at the mercy of what is next. Which more often than not turned into a created map made by autistic children on a field day that dont understand how gravity works. Yes playing on 4x4 platforms spaced awkwardly apart is a wonderfully balanced way to fight when there are rockets everywhere. Apologies for the rant, but in a world flooded with generic repetitive modern FPS i was hoping for a game to show how fun games used to be. Instead I get this virtual middle finger. Oh well, at least we have Shadow Warrior."
76561197970506324,Not Recommended,217140,8266811,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CreepyCrawly,Wow.........  This game is an epic fail..  Thank god I only paid 2.09 for it.  Lasted about 1/2 way through first stage and quit.  Looks like they took very little time and care unless this game is meant to be a joke!
76561198050609271,Not Recommended,217140,11208721,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Woolf,Game gets old fast and is poorly optimized. Worth a couple hours of mediocre entertainment but i would never pay more than $5 for this game.
,Not Recommended,217140,24783316,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,PIMPLE,"I've struggled with this game running like crap on my PC 3 years ago back when I preordered and it still runs like crap on a new PC, hanging it dead every 5 minutes or so.Multiplayer died like 2 weeks after the release because of the numerous technical issues and remains dead.Do not buy this game."
76561198177632339,Recommended,217140,31398727,Posted: 27 April,all,Garfielf132,"Highest quality AAA voice acting ever in a video game.Also dogs.I like dogsWat, no qucksave? NO QUICKSAVE?Nvm worst game 0/10"
,Not Recommended,217140,8528462,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,wolfrock,"I enjoyed ROTT in the 90s when it came out. Maybe my tastes have changed a bit over the past 20 years but this game just isn't doing it for me. Floaty controls, non-fun platforming, shooting doesn't satisfy. I couldn't play multiplayer becase there were no hosts playing at a decent ping (all were at > 800 and pretty sparse the few times I tried). Maybe I'll slog through the SP mode to see if it gets better. I've spent $3 on worse, for instance, combining a McDouble and a Junior Chicken into one sandwich. Hmm for the money, I might take the sandwich."
,Not Recommended,217140,8693967,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,MamiyaOtaru,"The level design and gameplay speed are a breath of fresh air, a nice throwback to the era in which the original appeared.Unfortunately control is really janky.  It is infected with UE3's inexplicable default terrible mouse code.  After some .ini editing it controls better, but still suffers from some atrocious framerate issues and an unfortunate sensitivity to the same when it comes to inputFlying around levels mowing down mooks has been fun, but I don't think I am likely to play past General Darian.  Just the worst things about Boss Battles all encapsulated in one encounter.It's neat to see a resurrected property from a dev I loved growing up, and neat to see it pulled off by a small team, but I think Shadow Warrior did it better.  ROTT is closer to the original gameplay wise, but the issues mentioned above lead me to recommend giving it a pass."
,Not Recommended,217140,9035113,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Xenochrist,The gameplay just is NOT fun. Also the game is terribly optimized. I feel like they needed some help with this game.
,Not Recommended,217140,8542973,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,renod,Totally suxs - don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,217140,23218185,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,SumDumFen,"I really want to like this game, it's fun, this is what in my opinion singleplayer first person shooters should be: jumping puzzles with hordes of cannonfodder enemies. Problem is that this game is so incredibly buggy and unoptimized I can't confidently recommend it to anyone. There've been too many times where a matinee was supposed to activate but didn't resulting in me getting stuck well into a level, so I'd have to restart from the last checkpoint.I have a 144Hz monitor which means the framerate in this game continually fluxuated between 6 FPS and 120 FPS. During those low periods, it triggers my motion sickness and I have to quit (this was admittedly an issue I had with the original Half-Life).I like this game, I really do, but I don't feel right telling my friends to get it. Fix these issues and it will earn my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,217140,16984522,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Fat Angus,A potentially good game marred by bad design and terrible development.  Interceptor should frankly go out of business for this kind of incompetence.
,Not Recommended,217140,8136482,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,|NiN|Terminator|BeN|,"I wanted to like the game and kind of do, but the glitches even after multiple updates are getting frustrating."
,Not Recommended,217140,8599916,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,wolfblue20,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that costantly crashes and has no diversity in enemies or weapons DO NOT BUY!!!!!
,Not Recommended,217140,22199655,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Stab Master Arson,The jokes are too few and far between to salvage this mess
,Recommended,217140,7625352,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,UnrealDelusion,Rise Of The Triad is a fun game for short bursts and for nostalgia if you were gaming on the PC in 1995 since this game is a remake. While having much improved graphics and the gameplay unchanged it's either a love it or hate it game. 7.5/10
,Recommended,217140,7849982,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Legion,So far this game is really good.
76561198039434754,Not Recommended,217140,10250169,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mr Long Pants,"Almost a year after it's release and it still feels buggy and broken.The developers did not plan for quicksaving when making this game, they blames the Unreal Engine, they claimed it made the game more retro (despite the original ROTT having Quicksaves) eventually they just updated the game and gave us the ability to save anywhere. However again, it was not planned for, so it breaks the game often. Doors don't open, enemies won't spawn etc.The game is brutally punishing, unnecessarily so. If I was playing on Normal, Hard or Insane I would expect the normal enemies to be bullet sponges but on easy? I had already had my fill of what this games devs consider challenging (ie, badly placed checkpoints, weapons which injure you more then the enemy, terrible platforming sections) so I was fine with taking the cowards way out and playing on easy mode just to finish the game and have a little more fun. Nope. Easy is what would be considered Hard on another game, this isn't a GOOD thing. It adds to the games overly frustrating nature and I'm less likely to put up with terrible optimization or bugs and laugh at their stupid ♥♥♥♥ing jokes as a result.It's an old school game, but like a badly designed old school game."
,Recommended,217140,12707756,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ReBoot,"Madness, mayhem and... I can't come up with a third M. Doesn't matter. The game is a blast. Literally. The unusual inventory system heavily encourages using rocket launchers against the normal human enemies. Playing Doom, I mostly kept this gun for the heavier fiends, playing ROTT, I just blast everything with rockets."
76561198079973319,Recommended,217140,23243077,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,youtube.com/Jaynificant,"Facepaced, Funny commentary, loads of blood and gore, addicting, lots of guns, did i mention addicting? This game is great for the price and runs VERY well. this is worth the buy and i havent played it alot but i highly recommend it"
,Not Recommended,217140,34653322,Posted: 1 September,all,Sweet T-1000,"Look, I love a 90's classic shooter as much as the next guy. That's not the issue here. The 90's aesthetic on offer here is not enough to paint over a buggy, simplistic, cheap feeling game. From the opening slide-show ""cinematic"" to the generic art style, it just feels bargain bin.All of this would be escusable if it were good, dumb fun, but the gunplay feels puny (no umph to the audio feedback, even the weakest enemies take several headshots to kill), and the design seems at odds with itself. Am I supposed to be running and gunning towards the exit at breakneck speed, or collecting all of these medalions and finding all of these secrets?This is not an update of a classic, as there is no updating. This is a less sophisticated title than RtCW. There are much better old-school shooters on the market."
,Recommended,217140,23770908,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Buttz,"Ignore the mixed reviews this game currently has and ask your self one question.""Did I like original Doom, Doom 2, Doom 2016?""If you answered yes to any of those questions then you will enjoy this game.Its a simple idea. You are given a level full of bad guys that you are expected to kill and tons of secrets hiding in the various corners of the Battleground. Weapons are plentiful as is the carnage, blood and body parts flying everywhere as you go to town with your homing rocket launcher and shotgun that sends its targets flying across the landscape with its powerfull hit. And thats just the first level.I am only a little bit into the game as of writing this review. And I feel like I aready have a grip on exactly what this game is....and thats not a bad thing. This game knows exactly what it is and does it well. Its fun for the old school shooter crowd."
,Recommended,217140,11213675,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Anubis6A,Take me a lot of time and make a lot of fun too
,Recommended,217140,9264232,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Skelekip💀,"An awesome remake of a pretty neat but fairly dated DOS shooter. Though the remake is a bit rough around the edges, it's great old-school fun and it has an awesome soundtrack to boot. The multiplayer is a lot like an Unreal Tournament game with 80% more really cool explosions. I definitely recommend this!"
,Recommended,217140,25321190,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,HeyJoe,"This game has lots of potential, too bad the devs couldn't make it run well enough. It's got a HUGE amount of bugs and it's really unoptimized to run even on some pretty strong hardware. The AI is dumb as hell, but the graphics is decent with pretty neat textures. Gameplay is nothing special, it gets tedious after about an hour of gameplay. If you can get past all of this, you should get yourself this game, because it's a neat remake of an old classic."
76561198061496784,Recommended,217140,15722879,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,HIV aladeen,WOW!!!
,Not Recommended,217140,20449266,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,vimster|rllmuk,"Although the game manages to capture the spirit of the original and update it with great music, presentation and gameplay, and is a good example of how 90s-style level design is still possible, I cannot recommend this game due to technical issues. I've had to restart a cuple of times due to corrupt save files. And the game is still poorly-optimised. Your mileage may vary, and if you can put up with the lack of technical polish you may have a good time."
,Recommended,217140,25221301,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Discreet Noob,Really fun throwback to retro shooters that is incredibly fast and can get insanely hard. Don't expect active mutliplayer community.
76561198077425533,Not Recommended,217140,17437924,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,sörn11,"This remake has many bugs which make it impossible to finish levels if you encounter them.And it's the worst 1st-person shooter I've tried so far on Steam in terms of gameplay and it definitely doesn't par up to the old school games (besides the original ""Rise of the Triad"" was never among the best)."
,Not Recommended,217140,9716791,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Last Rites,Don't do it. Not even on sale. Loved the original and grabbed this when it first came out. I couldn't even force myself to play it.
,Not Recommended,217140,14370353,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,aVe,"I was lucky to play the original ROTT years ago, so I forced myself not to be influenced by the residual memories of it while playing this piece of crap.Compared to any modern shooter reviving an old title, this one doesn't look or feel Old School (TM) but certainly brain-damaged, incapable of having the courage or intelligence to make the necessary tough but right design decisions.Oh yes, the levels looks ""realistic"" thanks to pile of polygons crunched by the GPU. But this is not enough- some places looks out-of-proportions (or at least, scaled accordingly to the inflated ego a dictator).- the buildings layout seems to come from the deranged mind of a aspiring architect (how can you have slicers in an office corridor if you intend to rule the world ?).- the moving platforms are obviously the most convenient way to go from one place to another (plus, they are solid when you move up and down, but turn vaporous when they move through you),- the jumpers are the secret weapon of the Triad, no doubt.Yes, when there is a realistic environments, anything odd suddenly jumps at your face, and ROTT does that with a rare persistence.To stay coherent with the environment, the enemies are stiff, ugly and stupid. And since the levels are huge, they are usually located at long range, forcing me to wait until they shoot me to know exactly where they are and gun them down. It's the first time I had to regularly expose myself and wait for a fireshot to figure out from where the danger comes. And this not what I would call exciting, or old-school. More eyesight-impaired retirement school.The more I played, the more I felt that our world is not really threatened by the Triad since all that operation is doomed to fail solely based on its stupidity.To be true to the original game, this one still features the collection of oversized coins, and the proverbial secret rooms. If the latter is nice, the former seems out of place. Collecting Nazi gold in Wolfenstein or Sniper Elite: Nazi Zombie Army is nice and historically pertinent ; but here it's ridiculous and superfluous.On top of that, the walk-on-that-weapon-to-get-it mechanic creates an unfortunate and meaningless ""get/drop"" cycle that forces you to carefully dodge some of them - or stay in position and enjoy both the comments and the gong while the game patiently swaps the weapons. Maybe you can use it as a background for you yoga meditation or a foundation loop for you next dance floor remix.Eventually, I got fed up of all that non-sense and stopped playing. There are many titles today descending from early shooters that knew how to render the franchise according to both players' expectations of the original title and the evolution of the genre - like Shadow Warrior.I think this game should have been titled ""Crash & Burn of the Triad"" and fall into oblivion along ""Duke Nukem Never Again""."
,Not Recommended,217140,22081676,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"It's fun while you're shooting at dudes, running around, jumping around and shooting rocket launchers. That is the apex of the game, and it's what the game does REALLY well. If the game was ALL running, jumping and shooting at dudes... it'd be an effortless 10/10.Unfortunately they also decided the needed other things. Like traps. Like instakill traps and jumping/platforming sections. In a first-person game. I thought we all realized long ago that if you're gonna have any sort of platforming stuff in a game, make it a side-on platformer or make it third-person. It doesn't help that the jumping mechanics/air control parts are pretty predictable when you're the one running and gunning, but the instant you get near a jump pad, which some of these sections rely heavily on... it all goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥The boss battles are also... not fun. Multi-stage battles with instakill attacks, where you cannot save during and where the checkpoint takes you back to the start again every time. I sure do love redoing the same trivial part over and over just to get to the part that's actually giving me grief. Not a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at all. PS: The post-boss animations? You are not Duke Nukem: Forever, please don't TRY to be Duke Nukem: Forever, you can be better than that.Also for some reason it resets all my controls and graphics settings every time I quit the game. It's not a huge bother, but it's the sort of bother that makes you wonder if they ever playtested the game, along with the fact that once or twice I've had sections of a level fail to load, forcing me to reset to a checkpoint to progress. I also wish there was an option to disable the chewing-and-burping effect every time I pick up a food item, which is pretty often, considering that they're the only health items in the game, and it gets INCREDIBLY old after the 500th time.Ultimately, I'm torn, really torn, on whether to recommend this game or not. There are some parts of the game that make me grin and have a lot of fun... but the parts the game doesn't do well are really just teeth-grindingly annoying. It's not worth the hassle.And I'm so sorry that's the case."
,Not Recommended,217140,24413367,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,!Avast AntiPony 9445,"I wonder if they actualy even thoughtfully tested thier game before releasing it. Because:The physics feel wonky.The geometry, lightning and textures is offen broken.(Alot of clipping, models ""see through area"" exposed, inconsistent texture quality/lightning)Killed by a spinning blades on that was on the other side some bars. Nice.Lightning guard's just suddenly jumpingthrough the wallto steal my precious guns.Killed by a fire jet that I thought already was safe to run over. Lovely. (No, I didn't run into it getting my nuts roasted to a crisp, but apperantly that one little part of the sprite that was pretty much gone apperantly was enough.)Hearing ""THIS BABY COULD PUT A SMILE ON ANYBODYS FACE"" for the 500th time isn't funny(Yes I know you can mute it but what about the other lines that don't play so offen)And the list goes on.I mean it's definitly fun playing. But consistently experiencing these bugs and other flaws really just takes away most of it. :/It's worth giving it a shot if it's really cheap on a sale. Otherwise don't waste 14.99€/$ on this."
76561197994594242,Not Recommended,217140,13381032,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,apolokia,"In case you didn't know: this is more or less the original Wolfenstein, but with fancy graphics, DX9 lighting and parallax mapping. All very nice indeed, and some of the weapons are suitably ludicrous. Unfortunately, after a few hours this tries to become a first-person platformer - a genre that doesn't exist for a reason: it's impossible to see where you are landing. Die - reload - progress - quicksave - die - reload - die - die - die. Turned it off.4/10"
,Recommended,217140,16196256,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mango Man,Ever wanted to get high on mushrooms as a chinese lady who has been turned into a flying doge?Now is your chance.
,Recommended,217140,30343406,Posted: 5 March,all,Carlos Danger,"Did you know Nazis are bad? Hey everyone, Nazis are bad! We need people to know Nazis are bad! There are people who think Nazi's are good. Surely after this game they will think Nazi's are bad!"
,Recommended,217140,23845990,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Drakiah,"A fast-paced FPS that is horribly buggy, not very well optimized (though slightly improved now), and yet somehow great fun.If you want top-notch graphics, you won't get them here.If you want polished gameplay and performance, you won't get them here.What you WILL get here is a crazy, unique experience, that will often kill you for stupid reasons (questionable level design, or the terrible sin of precision platforming in a first-person game), but you just can't help but respect and enjoy it somehow...Also possibly some of the best music that you could ask for in this kind of game!Maybe this is mostly coming from my nostalgia for the original Rise of the Triad: Dark War, which this game surprisingly manages to stay pretty faithful to in its oldschool feel and wacky style, but this is the kinda game that just makes you want to endure through the challenging/unfair moments, just to see what weird thing is going on in the next area, and to use the delicious and ridiculous weapons on more unfortunate fools!Blow your enemies into LUDICROUS GIBS with homing rockets, drunk missile barrages, literal walls of fire, magical baseball bats (yes), and that's not even half of the weapons!Hunt for dozens of, often well hidden, occasionally dangerous, secrets!Transform into a god, or a dog, and obliterate all who stand in your way!There's also multiplayer (no cooperative though), which is unfortunately not very active as far as I know, but every Saturday, developers and players tend to get together for a few hours or something, for a good bit of fun!So if you want a game to just switch off your brain and play for a while, pick this up on sale and have fun running around like a mad-man/woman, in creative levels full of a variety of enemies, power-ups & downs, traps, and of course, awesome music! (You can even turn it to the oldschool soundtrack, if you're feeling particularly retro)"
,Not Recommended,217140,17625387,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,RAFIRAF,"I haven't experienced something like this before. This games' graphics, sounds, mechanics make want to throw up. Literally.I can't believe this game could be enjoyanle for anyone else but a HARDCORE fan of the original version from the 90s."
76561198111881515,Not Recommended,217140,20645269,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,RUMHAM,Somehow it jsut doesn't feel as good as the first time....
,Recommended,217140,22455153,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,McBad,"An all around, sailor-mouthed, comedy slathered serving of senseless violence. This game is Ludicrous, in a great way."
,Recommended,217140,21628549,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Volerm,"I would recomend upgrading your PC before playing this if you have a low end build. Mainly because this is one of those games where the graphics are at the same consistancy of oatmeal that's been sitting on the counter for way too long and can stab the $h1t out of your eyes if looked at for long periods of time, but other than that I'd say give this game a shot. It's one hell of a tribute to retro shooters and the game knows just how kickass it is with small details like a woman nairator saying ""Holy f*cking $hit!"" when you set your settings to high the specs under minimum, a large amount gibs of various enemy CPU's baised on how hard you kicked their a$s that would even give a horror movie villan an erection, and even recommended being ""You're gonna need more than a 486"" and ""Overclock your rig to ludicrous speed"" that just gets the inner retro shooter enthusiast in me smile;9.6/10: Ludicrous Enjoyment."
,Recommended,217140,12871537,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,slaw,"Wow!  I MISS GAMES LIKE THIS!!!  Straight-forward, fast paced, in your face FPS.  No 'realism' factors to muddle up the mix, this is one hard charging♥♥♥♥♥kicker with plenty of action to keep you happy.  Thank you to the dev team for bringing back a classic and making it smooth as glass and incredibly detailed with the UT engine and all the trimings.FUN FUN FUN!!!!"
76561198042768255,Recommended,217140,16443039,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Delta5931,"An amazing game that reminds of days gone past, when games were sold complete and actually fun."
76561197960311449,Not Recommended,217140,16554904,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tmb,"We bought it for a lan. it was worse than most F2P games... and all the people there were fans of oldschool FPS games too pretty much. Everyone hated it. Was cited as an example of something we'd like to have used the refund option on, had it been around back then.It ran bad on good computers, felt wacky .. just sad times."
,Recommended,217140,8266127,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[cinn-e-mon],Pretty dang fun. Albeit a bit buggy.
76561198017018233,Recommended,217140,9288179,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,gorby.birch,this game is actually pretty fun.  a few mechanical hiccups but definitely not worth the low scores it got.  15 bucks is a pretty fair price
,Recommended,217140,9298078,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MTK_Prototype,"Guys my laptop runs this at about 15 fps, it is very hard to see, rocket jump, move, and shoot...but from what i have played through, I LOVE THIS GAME."
,Recommended,217140,9435421,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,white friend,i lik gunz
76561198041946814,Recommended,217140,9709557,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Axton.101,It's Retro and Ultra-Modern all in one tons of fun Super Shooter Game. Find all the Secret Area's and Level's. Boss fights galore!
,Recommended,217140,9302043,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Doctor Dirty,This game is everything Wolfenstein 2009 wasn't
76561197981403990,Recommended,217140,16112586,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kaos|Boboso,If you are looking for the most realistic tactical shooter in the world of PC gaming...Look no further.  You've found it.  :)
76561198140351139,Recommended,217140,15652005,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,UAC Deadfish,"6.8/10Fun game, although sometimes encountering crashes"
,Recommended,217140,16935454,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,kinetic,sonic/quake
,Not Recommended,217140,15117040,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Phazon_Storm,"Great game, unfortunately it's plagued by Frame Rate Issues. changeing graphics options does nothing, and it drops randomly (20 FPS and below) for no reason. After over a year, they still haven't fixed them. Which sucks, cause if the game actually ran well, it would probably be one of my favourite games of all time.If the optimaztion is this bad now, I can't imagine what they were like at release of the game. YOU might not have any problems running it, but know that the majority are effected by this."
,Recommended,217140,8237784,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Frog Who Ate Ponion,Great and funny game!
,Recommended,217140,16605990,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AyyySB,"This game simply isn't for me. However, I still recommend it because I can see what the market is.The game is a first person shooter based on a really old first person shooter from the 1990s. And it is extremely nasty. This game is the equivalent of a school bully. It is harsh, full of traps, kills you very easily, beats you down to the ground without telling you what you've done wrong and tries all around to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥to you in every way. Does that mean the game is unfair? Short answer, no. I couldn't follow the story, all you need to know is that the game has nothing to do with Triads. Literally, at all.The game as an extremely fast pace, unlimited ammo, and health pickups. But the big reason I don't like it is because the game is, like I said, an equivalent of a school bully. Firstly, you do not have a lot of health and you have to constantly be on your toes, you never have a chance to sit still and have a breather from all the action. Secondly, you can easily hurt yourself using your own rocket launcher and there are traps everywhere waiting to kill you. There are also really difficult jumping sections, sometimes followed by minibosses, as if the game is trying to say to you ""I hope remembered to quicksave!"". Also, this is a personal thing but I honestly feel like the levels were too long and all looked the same to really enjoy and appreciate. However, I know people will disagree with me on that one. This is the complete opposite of Call of Juarez Gunslinger in terms of mechancis. The only things this and Gunslinger shares is the pacing and obviously that it is a first person shooter, everything else on both games are in contrast to each other, and I do not like this side of the coin!I honestly have not played the game enough to give it my full review, however, I feel like I cannot play the game anymore because, simply put, I am not the market of this game. I still recommend the game though because I can see why people like it. This game is intended for people who grew up playing the old-school FPS games, enjoy a nice challenge and also can cope with frustration and hardcore atmospheres in games."
,Recommended,217140,9700423,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Blacksmith.13,"Fast pasted shooter with Nazi's and Necromancer's all around for the killing. Explosive arsenal, infinite machine gun and pistols. Oh yeah, and that Excalibat... gotta love that one. Get it!"
,Recommended,217140,9307163,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Matty Dreadlock,Very good retro styled fps. Manic action and pretty good platforming. Turn off the in-game music and put some DnB on instead though.
76561198074012973,Recommended,217140,9309635,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Smirky,"I ♥♥♥♥ing loved this unpolished peice of awesome, because it's a 90s shooter and is gushing with awesomebut you might need a slightly better PC than usual to run it because i experienced a couple of framerate ""hiccups"" (i have a intel i7 and Gigabyte 660)"
76561198042890140,Recommended,217140,4887297,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,SFF,"If you're a fan of the classic old school shooters of old like Doom, Quake and Serious Sam, then what the hell are you doing still reading this?  BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,217140,8389273,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Equinox💕,This game is unforgiving 1/3 of the time. I give it a 666/10 must play to the end!
,Not Recommended,217140,318345,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,plays looks & sounds like a bad mod.
,Not Recommended,217140,4363939,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Noble Cactus,"You know how I said to go get the new Rise of the Triad? Don't. I just played thirty minutes of it and I already had to walk away with a bad taste in my mouth.The game's Advanced Settings are located in the launcher menu and not within the game itself, so you're greeted to a nice motionblur and bloom after when you're able to resolve any framerate issues. Lovely. Can't do anything about the game's terrible lighting, though, which makes everything blend together and like you're peering at the game through squinted eyes. With rain splattering your screen.Bad lighting also clashes with the grayish enemy models, which at a distance look superimposed and close up look like a rudimentary Blender job. Given how slow enemies move and react, the player moves WAY too fast. Yes, games like Quake1 and Doom moved plenty quickly too, as did the original RoTT, but play this game and compare it to those and you'll notice the discrepancy is far greater, which isn't helped by the aforementioned character model clashing. Weapon zoom instantly locks to ironsights, then slooowly zooms in, which is just weird. Your knife, meanwhile, has wonky hit detection. You have to aim directly at an enemy or else the hit won't register. Typical melee in shooters is achieved through some hitscan trickery by creating a delayed bullet at the location where you aim. It's just that this bullet is usually nice and wide so you don't encounter the issue RoTT has here. Not to mention that knives in the original game were used to free yourself from nets and were only found in certain statues. It's a standard CoD stabbing implement here.Voice acting isn't just hammy, it's lazy (""Please, don't shoot me."") and it sounds like it was recorded with a computer mic. Your character, meanwhile, spouts off♥♥♥♥♥♥OH♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT'S GOTTA HURT ♥♥♥♥ YEAH♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT HURTS♥♥♥♥♥♥depending on who you choose at any possible action taken, whether it's picking up a pistol, killing something, or getting shot by something (what exactly is hurting you is unclear until you can make out just what is shooting from the murk).Compounding the schlocky voice work is gore, which is overwrought to irritation. Blood splatters look flat and they make a point of making sure you just saw a pair of eyeballs hit the screen and slowly slide down as if it were some 6 year-old desperately tugging at your sleeve for you to see the crayon monstrosity he just scrawled in his coloring book. Intense! Environments are basic linear corridors, the classic sign of a mediocre shooter. This issue becomes more apparent when you start running into invisible walls and realize that you're forcibly restricted from backtracking, or when you start bumping into little ledges and things you can't even see, creating a claustrophobia that's completely out of place in the game. Their layout, along with how little white damage value numbers pop out of your enemies when you shoot them, give off the impression that this game was made in some programmer's spare time for a F2P FPS.Which I guess isn't all that inaccurate. The game was developed by Interceptor Entertainment, who from what I gather was previously only known for being C&D'd for a Duke Nukem 3D remake. It's yet another entry that attempts to hitch a ride on the Retro Games Return bandwagon conducted by small-name game developers with no idea of what made the original games so great (the original RoTT's gore effects, for example, were more understated and gave it grindhouse charm despite that genre being associated with over-the-top action. Somehow it just doesn't work here). The loading screen factoids that can be found on wikipedia and the achievement ""Dat Nostalgia,"" which rewards you for turning on the 'classic' soundtrack - which is actually just a bad rendering of the original music - provides testimony to this trend. Who's feeling dat nostalgia for a turbid reboot, anyway?Oh, yeah, and enemies can shoot through doors and walls. Way to go level coders."
,Not Recommended,217140,14166294,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nihilus,"Jumping puzzles....i HATE jumping puzzles in FPS games!!!!If they are optional for fun and for a better score, that's fine.But to progress in the story, you don't get challanged through a boss fight...no....you have to du jump puzzles!!!But apart from that, this is a nice, beautifull and fun oldschool FPS game, that I can for 100% recommend for multiplayer!But since there are 0 servers and no one is playing, it's a fun game for a LAN party :)"
76561197970663513,Not Recommended,217140,14586657,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,[GunZ]AJ_Maine_Man,Loved the original.   This game stinks
,Not Recommended,217140,14265497,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,el choscono,"For a game based on the good old run and gun style, it's a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥in my honest opinion.Don't get me wrong, I think the guns are good fun, but it's horribly optimized, and we're supposed to have a feeling of nostalgia when we're playing it at ~30 frames per second? Meh, I'll play something more worth my time."
,Not Recommended,217140,14722714,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,TcheQ,"Disappointing, hyped and unengaging.  I'm glad it's over.  I loved the original. This.... is not the original."
76561197964502437,Not Recommended,217140,14740760,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Sgt. Barnes,"This game is almost a joke. It is not as bad as Duke Nukem Forever but it is still pretty bad.  Get it for 5$ or under if you remember the old ROTT, which wasnt even that good anyways compared to Doom 2, System Shock, and Duke Nukem 3d and Blood.  If you have no idea of what ROTT is then its best to stay away from this crap unless you get it for free from steam gifts/prizes or it is 2$."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,217140,15066026,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,pretty mediocre and unmemorable
,Not Recommended,217140,14729220,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,✠Dovar✠,"runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ should be able to run this thing just fine,F_CK THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,217140,17265796,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,A Male Nurse,Rise of the Triad has repetitive gameplay and dialouge plus  it discourages you from saving whenever you please. Only good thing about this game is an achivement you get for teabagging 5 decapitated heads.
,Recommended,217140,27235990,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zombieclown,"Bloody good fun. I loved the original, and love this one."
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,217140,21423383,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,FusionJay,"I found myself questioning the gameplay direction the developers were going for. There were some interesting mechanics put into play like the special power up pick ups which turns you into a dog or a god that shoots projectiles out of his hand. I also like how at times the enemy can roll over to you and take your gun. Everything else the game has to offer feels plain, dull or not something that should of coexist. I'm probably judging it too hard and the game is just not for me but if their goal was to have a simple shoot em up, I would prefer to play painkiller instead."
,Not Recommended,217140,21507900,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,scaryred24,"I really want to enjoy this game, but it is nothing but a festival of bugs and game breaking errors and crashes. Hell I couldn't even play more than 5 minutes without console errors and freezes/crashes. I can deal with glitches, but when it's this bad it's just unplayable. Oh yeah I even put up a detailed report of what I have having on the community forms there, and guess what I was ignored. I know these developers has a busy life with whatever they are trying to tackle for undisclosed reasons but please they should acknowledge this is going on with people and get back to them whenever they get the chance, not leave them hanging for what may seem forever. If it's not essential or on their high priority like if it was a nuisance, then yes I can deal with that, but when it's a high priority like the game doesn't performance can just spoil the experience then that's a deal breaker right there. Right now I can not recommend this game to anyone, only to the ones who are patient enough to go through and deal with this inconvenience. Hopefully Interceptor can see this and just try their best to resolve this. Other than that Rise of the Triad 2013 is only for the diehard who aren't afraid to take on a remake that may or may not ruin their nostalgia for the original MS-DOS release from 1995. Take my review with a grain of salt because this shouldn't change your mind on buying the game, it's just one of the reasons why some games just die out after a few months where there can be so much potential that can be done with a IP this legendary to 90's pc gaming in general."
,Not Recommended,217140,17449965,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,thainen,"The game desperately tries to be WOW SO OVER-THE-TOP LUDICROUSLY EXTREME.It miserably fails.Yes, enemies turn into bloody pulp, eyeballs stick to the screen, the character spews kewl one-liners and farts, there are meemees and even an achievement for teabagging dead enemies. But these are just funny stickers put on a boring, unimaginative, generic shooter with forgettable guns, forgettable enemies, forgettable levels, forgettable everything. It's not really bad, far from Duke Nukem Forever bad, but just put this game to another old shooter reimagination, Shadow warrior, and watch it pale in comparison."
,Recommended,217140,26081535,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Blood_Wraith,"+ Shoot what appear to be Nazis+ Explodey nuke weapon+ God mode and dog mode powerups+ Quicksaves+ A bunch of secrets to find and things to collect+ Set healing items on fire to make them more effective- Game runs a bit like♥♥♥♥♥♥at times (both 32 and 64 bit, 64 bit seems more unstable)- Floaty bar-of-soap platforming- NME & final boss can suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥- Can't quicksave during bosses (or on those slippery moving platforms)Still a better remake than the Painkiller remake.7/10"
76561197963397989,Not Recommended,217140,148407,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Kyrandos,"No idea why this game has a 71. It's terrible. Control, graphics, and multiplayer - it's a mess. Such a shame, considering how amazing the original was."
,Recommended,217140,3576379,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,TurnipLover,"Great FPS, a MUST play"
,Recommended,217140,13843203,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Nora (Birthday in 3 days),Joke reveiw: this game has flying monks that shoot fire balls and purple laser beems at you aswell as a base ball bat with a green demon eye a staff of doom endless ammo Mp5 a gun that shoots missles like a mini gun and gun that shoots expsoions and a gun that shoots a wall of fire.....99999999999999999999999/10 give them all of your moneySRS review: this game combines most of the best parts of old school shooters like duke nukem and doom BUT fixes alot of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t such as qucik saveing levels more complex then standing behind an NPC for 5 minutes before being told you are winar truly bad♥♥♥♥♥and fun to use weapons and eniems truly changeing boss fights and a great deal of charm HOWEVER! i cannot lit to you i must cofess that this game fails to fix all the problems of old school shooters it still has frist person platforming its mutiplayer is down right♥♥♥♥♥♥(if you can even find a game) it is EXTREMLY hard even with the stronger playable charters and health pick ups can be hard to find but i still recomend this game to any gamer looking for a game that can and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥with out being dark souls levels of blood boiling frustion have fun
76561198059846762,Recommended,217140,6140003,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,FUDD,THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS! BUYER BEWARE
,Recommended,217140,507824,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Touch My Floppy Holes.,"In an era where video games have lost their true identity and are replaced by Call of Duty clones; Rise of the Triad will take you back to the time of fast movement, explosive based projectiles, armor, and power ups. If you never played a real FPS, here is an easy place to start."
,Recommended,217140,79857,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Joe Biden,"Buy this, but only if you have an irrational affection for Rise of the Triad, really repetitive voice acting that you can't turn off, farting and checkpoint-only saves in 2013.Because this game has all of the above in spades."
76561198027553869,Not Recommended,217140,17798129,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,level design is broken in this game
,Recommended,217140,2674794,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Shagrost,http://dokole.me/index.php/rise-of-the-triad-vy-zhimka/
,Not Recommended,217140,1152034,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Synthia Vice,"I loved the original ROTT. None of my friends ever played it, or had even heard of it. I slogged through all the levels, mused at the hilariously over-the-top violence, insanely ridiculous but satisfying weapons, and excellent MIDI score, as well as clever gameplay mechanics of El Oscuro, the final boss. Of course I was stoked when the rumours of a ROTT remake came true.I really wish I could say I loved this game. It's a great homage, but halfway through it begins to fall apart. Terrible glitches, insanely buggy architecture and errors that force you to constantly restart (even going so far as to penalize you for quick loading), anti-climactic boss fights that are a consistent letdown...I'm almost at the point where I regret buying it. I regret telling my friends about it. The Oscuro boss fight was an utter joke of a slogfest, something akin to the devs pounding your face into a brick wall painted with broken glass. It wasn't interesting, just a ♥♥♥♥ing pain in the♥♥♥♥♥marathon of bad game design.Suffice it to say I will not be buying any of their subsequent games. I loved you, Apogee, but you broke my heart for the last time."
76561197995511644,Recommended,217140,17058149,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TheLift,Played a game that reminded me of 90s action FPS games.Made a guy eat a rocket. Got praised for it.Would gib a bloke again 10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaxQSUCk_Ds
76561198065853655,Recommended,217140,9744110,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Back_from_the_Dead,"If you liked Doom , Quake and Wolfenstein, then you would like this. Fast paced shooter with sliver of a story. Lot of big guns and gibs in your face, literally. But if you are the modern gamer who likes stealth, cover and a riveting story, then ROT is not the game for you. Graphics are average and the music is passable."
,Recommended,217140,9866285,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Names,still better than cod
,Recommended,217140,28410380,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Alixo,A nice game but there are no head shots
,Not Recommended,217140,18307438,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,markoid,Doesn't work.
76561198045600661,Recommended,217140,18253843,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Masakazu222,"Old Rott still better. If u know the old Rott, be prepared to be disappointed.New players might enjoy this."
76561197998609710,Recommended,217140,16452951,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,">""L.Schw.Tr.d.Le.en.-W.","An ""intentionally disgusting"" shooter with some plot about secret ops trying to destroy an alien cult, but who cares about plot when you can get hopped up on 'shrooms, turn yourself into a dog, and wield the almighty Excalibat? Also contains lots of blood and fleshy chunks spraying everywhere! Good times, even by modern standards."
,Recommended,217140,472433,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Ingenium,"Never in my life did I think that they're be a reboot of a shareware game I pirated in high school that I could love like no other. R.O.T.T. 2013 is that game... Imagine if the Duke Nuke'm reboot haden't been sooo soo bad...Rise of the triad is so over the top, so perfect, so... it's simply the best 15 dollars I've spent on steam in YEARS. True to the 90's game I loved so much, worth every single penny. With over 100 achievements, a retro MIDI sound track, the first level being the EXACT one from the shareware, what's not to love!Not-so-ninja-edit: Finished it finally on 10.8.2015, some of the bosses are very grindy, but, aside from that, stay the extra 10-15 minutes into the credits!! Still, excellent reboot!!"
,Not Recommended,217140,18039893,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Guy Manderson,Game crashes way to often.
76561198015928364,Recommended,217140,3013874,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Pariah,"Браться за ремейк игры 19-летней давности - серьёзная ответственность. Ребята справились. Сделали почти офигенно, есть конечно на, что пожаловаться, но в целом очень добротный продукт, который достоин носить имя своего дедушки. Безмозговость и гуро зашкаливает, мультиплеер безбашенен. И хотя в силу 19 лет эта игра категорически изменилась, это отличный ремейк на базе старого Rott."
,Not Recommended,217140,16949833,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,ej,"There were no reason to play the original ROTT if you had Doom or Heretic, and there is no reason to play this if you have Shadow Warrior or Painkiller(I advise Black Edition, not HD).Don't buy mediocre games out of nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,217140,9412038,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,!!! Vooper !!!,"I wanted to love this game, I really did.  First, frames per second are generally poor.  Certain weapons cause severe frame lag on my very adequate rig.  The single player is bland, boring, and repetitive.  The weapons aren't suitable for multiplayer (e.g., a carpet bombing rocket launcher??  No thanks.).  With a little thought and some optimization, Rise of the Triad could have filled a multiplayer niche, but alas, the servers are empty and the developers bear all the blame."
,Not Recommended,217140,9466707,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hunk,Unplayable mess. How these guys ♥♥♥♥ed up UE3 so much?
76561198056907378,Not Recommended,217140,13587805,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,.2hou,"Perfect example of when developers think about optimizing the game after release, this happends alot with big companies like Ubisoft too. Though this is a bit extreme, this game is really hard to run even on good rigs with GTX 960's, R9 280x's and R9 380's. The game is probably somewhere above decent.I got a chance to play it, but nobody played multiplayer, and I only got somewhere around 30 frames.Do I recommend it? No if you use a medium-spec PC.Yes for people with powerful computers."
76561198133769938,Recommended,217140,14631746,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Snake Plissken,I like this gameYou kill thingsTHE END
,Not Recommended,217140,15248445,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Sgt.StabStabs,"Absolutley terribleThe main dev Frederick is a scammer that has hijacked the once great 3D realms and uses it to cash in on people love of older franchises with terrible remakes, or by making a pretty boxed set of games he never made.The game itself is tripe with atroticous mapping, physics, and all round gameplay, it really feels like a cheap 3rd party mod than a game you should have to pay money for.avoid like the plague"
,Not Recommended,217140,9251269,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Moraisu,"Unable to get past the bad performance.nVidia GTX 570 + AMD Phenom X4 @ 4.0GHz 1066 4GB DDR2. The games does not run well, I'm talking about less than 60fps on low settings.I can run Battlefield 4 at Medium Settings with stable 60fps but not on this game.And the mouse feels off... it's not responsive, and I'm using a Logitech G9x 3500dpi mouse. The game has pontential, buy only it if you own a SLI/Crossfie 2000 dolar system, if not... don't.If you can get the game to work fine then you have a very fun experience, but be warned, the online is dead, I allways reinstall the game, get it on Low settings and try to find a server for some fast fun, nothing... nothing at all."
,Not Recommended,217140,8795767,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Rottin,"Sadly, remake of RotT is low budget curiosity.It looks like developers couldnt reach goals they made for themselves, couldn't say if beacuse of the budget or lack of experience with engines the were working on.RotT looks 'not bad', sometimes okay, but it's maximum that can be said about graphics. Enemy models are boring and there's less than ten of them, I guess. They're moving like glitched robots, and die just the same. Animations are not strong side of this game. Far from it. Most of levels are boring hallways, made from same templatesWhen it comes to mechanics, it have it's moments, but rarely. Blowing things and enemies up is fun, weird powerups are great, and few level desings are satisfactory. But jumping sections are frustrating because of not the best desing.On the bright side is atmosphere of trashy action movie/comic. On this field game is fully aware of itself and is making it main advantage. Some powerups and are sensationally absurd, and main characters quotes are sometimes really fun.But in the end RotT is not worth much money, because replaybility and overall look is low. And if you like to max out achievements it will steal much time from you, some of them are just made only to this purpose, and not worth it."
,Not Recommended,217140,22185172,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Snus,A crappy reimagining of a good classic shooter.
76561198019159173,Recommended,217140,22531646,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Moe,"This is one of the most ridiculous games you will ever play, which is why this game is so darn good. If you want to play an FPS present day graphics and old school gameplay, Rise of the Triad is the game for you. There's not many games that bring this much joy to a gamer like me. This one, however, manages to make me smile as soon as I start playing. In addition, it's dirt cheap, so there's no need to even think about it just buy it! I hope this game one day goes to other platforms so that other folks can experience this masterpiece for the master race."
,Not Recommended,217140,18823450,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,-/H•R\- Subject_Delta,"Like many, I saw the trailer, and was like, aw cool. Shadow Warrior had just some out, so remakes were looking good. This is not that. It's clunky, and hard to play. I remember the original ROTT. This is somehow worse. Duke Forever is a better game."
76561198011502457,Not Recommended,217140,9715512,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,v48e12 (Insane by culture),worst remake ever
,Recommended,217140,30015214,Posted: 18 February,all,Gaytro,Truly hardcore
76561198011984060,Not Recommended,217140,10341548,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,man eating fruit salad,"Imagine the worst doom maps, with added platforming from an early farcry on console, and 5 rocket launchers that are really sucky in their own special ways. This is ROTT 2013. This game is such a turd. The platforming is a giant hunk of crap. the jumps sometimes go 3 inches, sometimes go 5 feet. And just like diarrhea in a pool, this turd permiates through the entire game.The shooting is aalright. Pretty fun infact. the guns are mildly fun to use, but they're essentially all the same. basically a rocket launcher, and a RL that spreads, a RL that has homing, there's really not much variation.The map design ranges from not bad, to god awful. They're bad in the same way a duke3D era map is bad. You get lost easily, or the platforming is poorly thought out, or there's just a bad sense of flow. I'll give them credit for not being linear or cooridors for most of the game.All in all this game had potential, but squandered it."
,Not Recommended,217140,12365988,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Bropalm,"Quicksave the game, then quickload and now barrels will be floating, elevators will be stuck in the ground and objects will be missing. Sometimes this means you can't progress in a level. Let that speak to the quality of this game. It's a buggy mess."
,Recommended,217140,17280521,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DonLakonchinno,10/10 would bang
,Not Recommended,217140,19837831,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Hanse,"I want to love this game, I really do, but there's just 2 flaws that are just so overly prevelant I just can't get into it without it just nagging me.1. The enemies aren't colorful, and therefore blend in with the background. This is a fast paced shooter, i'm gonna be moving all around, and the green-grey enemies blend in too well with the green-grey background. If the enemies wore bright red or blue for example, I'd be enjoying the combat a lot mroe.2. The net. Did you know rise of the triad has a melee attack? No? Well that's ok because your guns shoot infinitely, so why does the net gun require you to use your melee attack? Literally every time i'm hit with it I have to pause, go to the controls, and find out what I bound it to."
76561198039256127,Not Recommended,217140,21415355,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Banaani,Why are you even wasting time on this page?Just move along to good games
,Not Recommended,217140,21885027,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Junkchaser,Not the remake I expected. Little too superficial ...
76561197981907219,Not Recommended,217140,19487777,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr_Vinegar,Horrible FPS platforming 3 out of 10
,Recommended,217140,7964485,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,jxpt,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game wouldnt even play it iwth your balls nowamsayin
,Not Recommended,217140,15990863,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,final,♥♥♥♥♥game. Can't even use my actual screen resolution in game without all the textures screwing up. 11/10 would uninstall again.
,Recommended,217140,16144931,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,@nti-Christ,Saw our glorious true korean leader's nipples. 12/8
76561197969228435,Not Recommended,217140,15239333,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Felix :),I was really hyped for this game when it came out because I love oldschool shooters. Unfortunately Rise of the Triad is a real disappointment. The levels are bland and there are too many annoying jumping puzzles. The character models look really unpolished. Also the humor in the game is not my cup of tea. The one-liners and briefing texts are just completely unfunny to me. I've played pretty far in the game because I had hopes it would get better. It didn't. For now I've given up on it. It feels more like a chore than fun. You are probably better off playing the classic Rise of the Triad.
76561198025165907,Not Recommended,217140,15076255,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,JollyWombat,"Note: I originally insulted the engine in this review, after further reflection I don't think the engine is actually that bad. Semi-destructable walls and passable lighting effects definitely make it better than what I originally described as a Doom 2 engine. Really the failings rest in level design and content creation, as well as over-all direction. I'm beginning to suspect that much like the original game, it's only salvation is multiplayer.I bought this game on pre-order because I'm a sucker for nostalgia. I actually bought a four-pack, cause I used to play the original with my friends in highschool at lan parties (on Pentium 1s, 33mhz woot). I suspect I'm exactly the market they were shooting for, someone who has fond memories of what was always kind of a lame game with ridiculous weapons. Decades later, this reboot is redefining what I consider lame. The enemies almost appear to be sprites instead of polygons, their animations are attrocious, they have a hard time following you from one room to another, and they have a tendency to spring back to life post-mortem from time to time. The pick ups are all over the place, ugly nonsensical tokens, just like the original. Really, so many bad aspects of the original game which were at that time stunted in the name of performance, are now lovingly recreated in the name of nostalgia, making the game seem intentionally terrible. The voice acting makes me cringe, just to think that they asked actual people to lend their voices to this monstrocity. There's a lot of what appear to be inside jokes for the developers, no one else could possibly find them amusing, and that kind of applies to the entire work, this whole game feels like an inside joke that we're all standing outside of. Of the four copies I received, my copy is the only one that's been played for more than minutes. I suppose we should salute our thin skinned developer, so few people have the courage to really push games backwards.P.S. - You know what people really love? Colored Keys. Can't get enough of them."
,Not Recommended,217140,15152166,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"As a big fan of the original game I feel deeply disappointed by this tasteless remake, because, seriously, the blunt copy of the classic FPS that's been awkwardly wrapped in the most mediocre modern graphics is not something to be admired. The repetitive gameplay and the dull level design lift the fog of nostalgia from your eyes after the first hour of playing, and even the great music can't improve the situation much.Moreover, the game gets difficult very quickly and the checkpoint system is truly unforgiving.Boring and useless, can be skipped with no regrets."
,Recommended,217140,18181878,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Vic Rattlehead,It's good.  Just get it.
,Recommended,217140,546977,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,supermaNZ⭐ ✅,"Rise  Of The Traid (ROTT)[/tr]RatingPersonal Rating: ""Worth purchasing during a sale But defiantly was worth purchasing at time of release"". When i  was a boy this was the game, a cult classic rise of the triad  but this was the game that brought the heat, snappyness  an flashbacks  of cult classic fps. This game is the  balls deep of fps Games.Traditional Rating: 8 out of 10Genre:  First  Person Shooter 3D Cult ClassicReviewAction 10/10 Story 10/10 Level Design 10/10 Game Design 10/10  Graphics 04/10  """"classical brofist rating!""""ConclusionReally good game  gripping fast paced first person and 3D. Started a genre of exploding weapons, gibs and goreRate me upIf you enjoyed reading this review please +rep my profile and give me a thumbs up rating  on this review :-SupermanZ[/td][/tr][/table]"
,Not Recommended,217140,7687578,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,downphoenix,"I actually do not recommend this game. The original Rise of the Triad was awesome for its time, I guess if you didnt play it back in the day it may be pretty damn hard to get into nowadays, since the game was pretty complicated for an FPS back then, and although it was revolutionary at its time in some aspects, it was behind the curve in others. I personally enjoyed it a lot but I was there back in the day as well. The remake does get a lot of stuff right in terms of the weapon assortment, visual style, and other things, but the gameplay is literally broken to the point that I am doubtful the developers of this have even played the original Rise of the Triad.If you enjoy fast paced arena type shooters like Quake, you might enjoy this. However, I think that type of formula is terrible for a ROTT game, due to the ridiculous speed of the gameplay as well as the weapons. If you wanna play a remake of a classic FPS game, I would go with Shadow Warrior instead. Yes, it costs twice as much, and yes it has no multiplayer, but yes its actually a good game, and this is not. This game serves as an example to why I need to be more cautious before I preorder a game."
76561198001454789,Not Recommended,217140,9392123,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Charming Cthulhu,"It's fun and it contains lots of easter eggs. However, it is too buggy. At some times it is almost unplayable and I couldn't finish episode 4 because of a door which didn't open for me."
,Not Recommended,217140,10001979,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ZeroZeroOne,"I expected ""No One Lives Forever"" writing & ""Portal""-style jokes. It's not.I expected a modern shooter with a 90s flavor, like Far Cry Blood Dragon. Nope.I expected a fun kill everything in-sight and ""Hail to the King, Baby"" feel. Not even close.Rise of the Triad SUCKS. The level designs are amateurish and frustrating. The AI takes cheap shots at you. The graphics (Is it trying to be ironic?) makes everything really hard to see.This is not a tongue-in-cheek blast to the past 90s game with a modern twist. I wanted to like it. I REALLY DO! I ate 90's First-person shooters for breakfast! I'm John Romeo's ♥♥♥♥♥!You deserve better, Nostalgic gamers. Go play Doom II again and ignore this mess."
,Recommended,217140,7383180,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Tweed,"LUDICROUS REMAKE! But unless you were fan I'd skip it, there's not enough substance here for a newcomer and if you can't find any servers to deathmatch on then you lose half the game right there."
76561197970513433,Not Recommended,217140,8322335,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GodlessHeathen,"I can't really tell you much about the game, because, despite having more than the recommended system requirements, it's absolutely unplayable on my machine. The framerate stutters and lags, and it's choppy even at 1024x768 with everything turned to the lowest settings. Far prettier games run much, much more smoothly. These performance issues are absolutely unacceptable in a modern PC game.Maybe in six months, they'll have it nailed down, and this will be worth buying. It isn't even worth the $3 I spent on it at sale price."
,Not Recommended,217140,9808285,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Rosh,"Not worth playing.  For someone like me that's not interested in multiplayer, the singleplayer component of this game is just bad.  I could have lived with the poor 90's style game design (I was expecting that) and even the crappy unenjoyable platforming.  What I can't live with are quick saves (which I was using to get through those crappy platforming sections) corrupting, causing the game to crash, and putting me back at the start of the level (attempts to quick load again causing a crash).  If you're going to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and have levels like that, at least make sure your software doesn't behave like it's in alpha."
,Not Recommended,217140,9716354,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,DOOMJESUS,"don't believe what you see in the forum, you will see nothing but congratualtory love letters to the developers there and the developer deletes everyperceived negativethread within a minute or two so it's pure fanboy and shill responses.four bucks is too much for this game!! the campaign is♥♥♥♥♥♥ they have not worked on the campaign since the day this game hit steam. and you know they are all wealthy men now but they claim to be a small team, can't hire anybody else on to help out, now that they are millionaires because then they'd have to share the profits with them.do not buy this game unless you just like throwing your money away because it is very poorly done, the campaign is so half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it's pathetic and anything you want to see fixed, will never happen so it won't get any better. they pass it all off asold-school gamingbut that's a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. quake, doom 2 and duke nukem 3d all play just as well today as they did back then, none of them are ♥♥♥♥ed up like this game. the movement and shooting in this game are just ♥♥♥♥ing terrible and that's all there is to it. the graphics aren't impressive either. i can't say if the original rott sucked or not because i never did play it but this one sure does and if i don't like it because i'm notold-schoolenough then why do i still play doom 2, duke nukem 3d and quake to this day?on the other hand, if you were expecting apointless-2-playcampaign andchicken-with-it's-head-cut-offdeathmatch-cluster♥♥♥♥, go for it, it's right here...♥♥♥♥ this game and the money-grubbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who developed it!"
,Not Recommended,217140,22460335,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"With a evga gtx 970 ftw I can run it on ludicrous settings now. But the problem is that it randomly crashes on those settings so I have to play it on high settings. So far it has also crashed around 5 times on high settings. As far as performance goes, it runs mostly at 60fps on high settings but sometimes has really odd bad slowdown that is dependent on the weapon you are using and the place you are at. On the first boss when you first start it and a load of guys come out, I killed them all with the 4-way napalm gun and it made my fps drop from 60 to probably 30 permanently so I reloaded the game and killed them all with the machine gun and it didn't happen then. Several other times in the game give bad frame rate as well. Right after the boulder rolls down behind you then blocks the way and you are in a new room, the framerate takes a dive to down around 30 or less. This game is, for sure, one of the most horribly coded and/or optimized games I have ever seen.The two things that buried this game in the ground and made reviewers like IGN give it a 4.3/10 which is accurate even two years later after all the patch work they have done are the horrible jumping puzzles because of horrible jumping controls, and the awful environment hazards, and sometimes a combination of both making it a double nightmare. In-air navigation is very janky and causes you to miss platforms very easily after jumping. Hitting jump pads in this game during tough jumping puzzles is a nightmare. I constantly overshoot platforms or miss them early or to the sides if they are rotating. Rotating blades are not fun at all. They can sort of lift-glitch you in the air and do dmg to you while you are sort of stuck on them. Fire traps are poorly thought out too. There are even some points where the floor gives out to a spike pit but there is no way to know it is coming, just a trap to get 100% of players the first time playing which is horrible and should never, ever be put in any game. At one point this game did not have quick saving and had horrible checkpointing. After many complaints, they added quick saving. It still has God awful checkpointing, so make sure you are using the quick save option frequently now that it is in the game.Every level in the game is just a different variation of the color gray or similar dull colors. The levels are not designed good at all, filled with torturously bad jump puzzles and cheap environment trap deaths. The enemies are all gray or some variation of tan/gray and they blend in with the background, meaning I often get pelted by gunfire longer than I should because I have to try to find where the guy is because he blends in with the walls/backgrounds. The graphics are nothing special at all and in fact are just dull, bland and depressingly lifeless. Enemy AI is dumb too. They just stand and fire or barrel roll to the left and right a hundred times until you kill them. Sometimes the dead enemies or flags will glitch out and stretch across the whole level in a crazy weird glitch fest.It is too bad the problems I mentioned overshadow the rest of the game because the combat is great. Firing bazookas into dudes faces never gets old, that is until it is ruined by crashes or horrible jumping puzzles or awful horrible environment traps/deaths that rip you out of the action entirely. The boss fights in the game are not good either. The first one is fine, but the rest are bad.This could have been a great reboot but it just isn't. If you want to see how a reboot should be done, play the newest Shadow Warrior game. And play the original ROTT, not this one.4/10 awful"
,Not Recommended,217140,16760449,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Meenah Peixes | laMosaique,Worst level design I've ever seen in my entire life. The only thing worse is the optimization.
76561197997899437,Not Recommended,217140,23363106,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,GameMaster,It is really fun when it runs. It is like old style shooters. Although that doesn't really outweigh how buggy it is. I mean really buggy. I would not recommend it.
,Not Recommended,217140,10157661,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Hairbautt,"Rise of the Triad (RoTT) is an annoying first-person shooter that reinvigorates the classic version of 3D Realms' 1995 Rise of the Triad. However, video games today have evolved in terms of gameplay, control, and of course graphics & sound. 2013's version of RoTT refuses to do live by those standards and proudly enforces early video game concepts such as health packs, first-person platforming, puzzles, a plethora of hidden areas and instances of sudden death. Unfortunately, what may have worked in the 1990s, only translates to huge annoyances in modern gameplay. For instance, the game has many platforming segments or ""jumping puzzles"" that occasionally offers sudden death if done incorrectly.  Add to the fact that the game is saved by checkpoints rather than a full featured save system, you're going to end up with quite a few headaches as well as opportunities to replay specific segments of levels. The controls are also purposefully tweaked to pay homage to early shooters--by which I mean runnning is unbelievebly accelerated--which only adds to the irritation in gameplay and throws off the modeling scale of objects.  Still, RoTT does continue to offer up its trademark weaponry, gruesome effects and unique story. All in all, RoTT is for serious old school gamers who want to relive the classic mechanics and hardcore approach to first-person shooters, but isn't too forgiving for those of us who like steady progression and fluid gameplay.It should be noted that a quicksave system was implemented in a patch, but is plagued by frequent crashes to the desktop if you save your game in certain areas."
,Not Recommended,217140,8297055,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LtKillPuppy,"I'm going with a ""No"" on this one.  And that is annoying, too.  Because this game captures the frantic feel of the original era of PC first-person shooters.  You fly around the level at breakneck speeds, delivering rocket launcher carnage with impunity to bad guy's faces while scarfing up collectable coins like a psychotic Hoover machine.  There's plenty of secret areas to find, and the enemies are fun to splatter.  Ammo for the fun toys is plentiful and your regular weapons have infinite ammo, so there's no lull in the action due to shortages and you find big guns around every corner, so you don't feel like you have to hoard things.  I was all set to give this game both thumbs up and a solid 10 rating...UNTIL REALIZED IT USES A ♥♥♥♥ING CONSOLE-LIKE CHECK POINT SYSTEM to track your progress through the level.  Argh.  And at this point all forms of my enjoyment of this game just went right out the door.  If you die, you have to repeat a lengthy level section.  THIS INCLUDES ALL SECRETS AND COLLECTABLES.  Collect the same coins over and over.  Visit the same secret areas over and over.  (Not so secret now, are they, as you repeat them for the hundredth time.)  Over and over, because you WILL die, as this game is tough as nails and the check points feel like they are MILES apart.  And because of this, this otherwise excellent ROTT remake is total garbage to me.♥♥♥♥ console games.  ♥♥♥♥ check points.  Stop using them in my goddamn PC games, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Also:  No co-op play?  Really?"
76561197973448864,Not Recommended,217140,23031291,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,weston330,"CRASH PRONE which is a real pain in the ???.Game plays well and is fun if you like an old school game. Graphics are solid and I have not found any issues so far other than one time the game crashed with a ""out of video ram"" message. I have 4 gig actual video ram so dont know why that happened.The major issue is the game will crash to desktop about every third, forth or fifth time I try to reload after being ""destroyed"". This happens when trying the restart from a  check point or restart from quick save. Have to go  to task manager in the desktop  and shut the game  down then restart the game. Does not give a failure message.  As i have progressed in the game it does appear to be crashing somewhat more frequently. I am too far along to get a refund but I  dont know if I will finish the game."
,Not Recommended,217140,1785789,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Poor Yurik,Incredibly terrible. And not in a good way.
,Not Recommended,217140,7952761,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,OZKABOT,"Oldschool is rare now days, but there are some games which can deliver on the oldschool gameplay. In that aspect, this game excells... but in everything else it fails.Now i can see why people would recommend this. From a gameplay standpoint its great. Really captures that oldschool feel... other than this i don't feel anything really makes this game stand out in a good way. The only other thing that makes the game stand out is the fact its horribly optimsed. Terrible framerate, and often i'll be pressing keys and nothing will happen for about 10 seconds... and then every key i pressed will take action at once making my character run around like an absolute retard into a room full of enemies or off a cliff. The games also littered with glitches. I've found myself unable to progress many times because a key won't appear or a door won't open. Oh and as if those weren't bad enough... it crashes! Oh wonderful.Overall... theres plenty of other games that offer that oldschool feel without the horrible framerate, crashes and glitches like, DOOM, DOOM II, Quake, Quake II, Serious Sam FE/SE/3: BFE, Painkiller (HD version recommended if you buy all DLC), Shadow Warrior, Hard Reset. I highly recommend all these games (especially Painkiller and Shadow Warrior) for the oldschool gameplay style over Rise Of The Triad. Only buy this game if you are DESERPRATE for an oldschool game which you DON'T intend on completing."
76561198055711865,Not Recommended,217140,9864238,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Krizz,"I bought this game when it was 75% off but I still regret. Horrible bugged - floating corpses lefovers, misplaced lever activation spots, reverbed sound in open areas, difficulty level resetting for no reason... optimization sucks: no matter how much I lower the details, it runs no faster than around 25-30fps on my Radeon HD 5770, which, considering really bad graphics, is a ridiculous result; framerate in certain areas drops for no reason to as low as 8 fps! But what about the game?I've been playing original RotT back in 90's when it was competing with Doom. I remember well that even back then I found it primitive comparing to Doom: all made of rectangle-based areas, flat level design, boring labyrinths which were improvement only when comparing to Wolfenstein. Doom was lightyears ahead. New RotT is oldschool, indeed. But it's oldschool in a really infantile way - levels are practically no different than in original RotT construction-wise - rectangle-based; enemies are stupid in most primitive way- they are just standing still (perhaps, if difficulty level wasn't resetting to easy for no reason, I'd notice different behavior) waiting for you to shoot them, leave alone their variety is close to nil; flying platforms, although referencing to original RotT, are disgrace today; searching for a huge gold key to open certain door is passe; tv sets playing kim-dzong-il clip are simply stupid. Apogee seems to slept over 20 years of FPS shooters history.If you're looking for an oldschool shooter with no literal, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ references to their roots, go for Serious Sam 3 or Shadow Warrior."
,Not Recommended,217140,26947071,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nabernizer,Even the trailer has framerate issues.
,Not Recommended,217140,11207116,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Saint Killjoy,"This game can be summed up in two words ""Shotty Programming."" I don't recommend purchasing this game, even at the sale price. Quake Live is better, and it's FREE. Everything wrong with this game in one 14 minute video.http://www.twitch.tv/author184/c/4650792"
,Not Recommended,217140,14936677,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Remco32,"What a disappointing game.It's unoptimized, buggy and overall a clunky mess. Often you will clip into geometry, especially when you want to ride a floating pad.It isn't that bad per se, but there are better games to play. Games with a lot more polish to them."
76561197962066184,Not Recommended,217140,8702575,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Hawk,"When I heard Rise of the Triade was getting a redo I was fairly skeptical but after viewing footage and seeing the progress I preordered the game, however after hearing about it's serious game breaking issues when it was finally let out I waited.  Five months from the initial release of this game and it still has some fairly serious problems, even basic bugs are still in this game.  The level geometry is unpolished and at times sharp; during heavy fighting or boss fights you will also be fighting the level as well.  You will constantly get stuck up on objects that either are not there or are simply toe high obstacles that even the most basic old school game would just allow you to walk over and I am not even joking, in some cases it gets bad.  Only about an hour or 2 into my initial play through my game looses its ability to quick load, for no reason, and looses it for an entire level and a half.  The reason this is a big issue is because the checkpoint system in this game, while functions, does not help when the player is forced to deal with the broken gameplay and ""puzzles"".  When you are forced to restart an entire area because you can't load from your quick save (attempting to do so outright froze and crashed the program) sections of levels become very Very frustrating.  I have to mention this, as of this writing the achievements still do not work 100%, beating the game net’s you maybe half of what you’re supposed to get, Yet there have been patches dedicated to fixing this and other issues, which makes me wonder.The game is trying far too hard to try and be ""old school"" but it fails pretty hard; some basic designs do make it in sure but over all it was far from enjoyable or memorable.  The so called puzzles are nothing but jump pads, and again this is where the game falls flat, your character floats around, not too much but just enough to skip clear across objects that you should have been able to land on.  Other times you'll jump clear over the very small floating islands only to fall to your death and be insulted by the game.  One section in particular will cause you a great deal of frustration, this so called ""puzzle"" was a small room of jump pads, this room took me around a 45 minutes to an hour to finally get the finicky player movement and poor controls to work before I could pass just that one section.Boss fights, this game sure has something along the lines of boss fights, just nothing like they used to be or should have been.  Some boss fights are simple or just outlast and outshoot all but one has multiple forms to them so be prepared to fight the same enemy again 2 or 3 times.  All of them are extremely unforgiving even on medium; some are only beaten by pure Luck or a series of coincidences that brought you to a victory rather then skill or learning a pattern.  The final boss can almost only be beaten by using basically a ""magic pixel"" an area where the boss can't hit you; otherwise the arena and the actual boss are just completely unbeatable.I had a lot of hope for this game and to its credit the first hour or two were fun, however after a while and about 30 quick loads later it soon became clear that this was not the remake I was hoping for, nor was it close to the original.  The comedy, honestly I could not see it, not taking this game serious in any way I found the comedy forced and dry, it lacked the charm of the original in some ways, that and the jokes have already been done before.  Sorry but an achievement to watch the credits is always an automatic point deduction, especially when the credits are almost thirty minutes LONG!I will give the game a few things to its credit, one, the music, very good, it gets you in the mood and you have the option to turn off the remastered music and play the game with the original music, cool idea.  Second the game looks great, for the most part, there were some really dull and low resolution textures, however the effects and environments looked great, though I think that’s more thanks to the Unreal Engine more then the game developers to be fair.Unless you as a player are the most die hard Quake 3 Arena or Serious Sam fan I would stay away from this remake, while it does some things well, the over all package was not very enjoyable.  Keep in mind my time spent playing, I will say that 40% of that time was spent redoing boss fights and jump puzzles.  If you must buy this game wait for a 50 or more percent off sale."
,Recommended,217140,1286555,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Kvaki,"""No!, Please no!, Dont Shoot!"""
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,217140,18838223,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,fjk1138,Horribly repetitive shooter.  And boring.
,Not Recommended,217140,9945296,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Mia,"Stuck in limbo between way too oldschool and modern shooter. Every time it tries to do something it just falls flat on it's face, MP40 that can be reloaded, but has infinite ammo in both magazines anyways, pistols with the same issue, a run speed which is way too high for what the game is set in, which is often inside bunkers and sometimes has jumping puzzles which are painstakingly hard because of controlling, enemies with pin point accuracy in a game where bullets should be dogded but can't be and just design choices all over that makes barely any sense...Serious Sam is a great game and does so many things right. This game is similar, but controls much worse, has less interesting enviroments and enemies, and weapons feel off on all occasions.I see what was attempted, but I can sadly not recommend this game. I would rather play Serious Sam, Doom, Quake, Wolfenstein, Duke Nukem or similar games if I were you. Sadly, no newer old school titles have been made lately, and I hope that the new Wolfenstein will be good. We need more old school titles, like this one, but this sadly isn't a good enough attempt."
,Not Recommended,217140,8576091,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Satanic Hamster,Bought this on steam sale.  Gave up after 20 minutes.Lord is this horrible.
,Not Recommended,217140,12381869,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,bad1080,"got stuck twice in the same spot, uninstalled... if a game is that unfinished a 'reset player'-button would be nice"
,Not Recommended,217140,8226826,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Shugo Fightdog,"My first video game peroid was the original Rise of the Triad, back on my old Windows 95 PC. Needless to say I was pretty excited for this.What I wanted was a faithful remake of RotT in HD. What I got was a loose, unsatisfying reimagining in an awful, unrecognizably-bloated remant of the Unreal engine with performance issues abound that doesn't support SLI correctly (or at  all) and a really goddamn obnoxious sense of humor that wasn't NEARLY as aggravating in the original game. Needless to say I was pretty disappointed.(You can switch the buttrock to the classic MIDI tracks, so that's a pro at least)"
76561198020740715,Not Recommended,217140,8722489,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Pagan Hammer,"I'm saying this as someone who had never played the original. It's not a horrible game really but I can't wrap my head around the jumping. Every character plays drastically different which is nice but it's hard to find a balance. The shooting portion of the game is sweet, good kills even if the weapons are repitative, really has that cheesey 90's feel to it. If you're easily frustrated by a very touchy jumping mechanic (fps platforming in general) I would recommend a pass on this one."
76561198053155440,Not Recommended,217140,12330667,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nanman,"If you were a fan of the original, maybe you'll like it. If not, you probably won't. Simple as."
76561197964923888,Not Recommended,217140,11289975,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Tremis,"Buggy shoddy mess. Wasnt' even worth 3$ on sale.Enemies shoot through walls, are impossible to see because they stand perfectly still, blend into the background and fire at you only some of the time. Geometry and movement is horrible, you get stuck on everything and railings block explosions.Did I mention it runs like absolute garbage even if you use the optimizations on the forums?One word review: Jank."
76561198076916084,Not Recommended,217140,13117436,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Jathre,"When I installed this game for the first time a year ago I thought that it's a good old-school shooter, but performance was quite terrible. So I decided to wait until I upgraded my PC. Now I have finished my new build but performance is still terrible. Frame rate drops to 5-10 on some maps. Also a year ago I played only through the 1st level, and yes, it's fine more or less. But when you play a little longer this game becomes really boring. All levels are almost the same. Only difference between foes is their apparel. AI is ... khm ... let's say in some situations you can kill a foe from distance and he doesn't even try to shoot you. Permanent crashes to desktop aren't good at all. Jump puzzles are just absurd. Verdict: boring, repetitive, lazy programmed attempt to make an old-school shooter. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,217140,16350102,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Prasfear,Broken
76561197970153763,Not Recommended,217140,9968845,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,unkind,"This game runs poorly, I've tried literally everything (cfg tweaks, ini tweaks, drivers etc) outside of upgrading, and i really shouldn't have to given how well all other UE3 games run (except alien rage, but that's even worse).It was sorta fun, and would be really fun at 144 FPS. In 2-3 years when I have a totally new computer I'll probably be able to enjoy it.Just can't suggest a game that runs like total♥♥♥♥♥♥for no obvious reasons. Money better spent on serious sam or something."
,Not Recommended,217140,10287532,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Tetrah,"Altough single player isn't bad... and not really good either, multiplayer is just... many bad words.It's dead since you have only 3 or 5 servers to play with an ABSURD OVER THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING TOP HIGH LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥ping.Serlsy, I don't know what those numbers (5000 or 7000) mean, but they are RED and big like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there's one thing I know, it's just UNPLAYABLE. Maximum lag engaged."
,Not Recommended,217140,11015116,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,dueter,"This is a hard review to give, because I wanted to love this game so much. I have to say this from the get go, the gameplay itself is fantastic, however there are things that stop me from recommending it.Regardless of what the developers say, multiplayer is for all intents and purposes dead. Three servers online, all with zero players. Group chat has 4 idle participants. Not sure how their Saturday night events are but I'm not one for waiting a whole week to play a game for a couple hours. There is singleplayer but the main focus of the game was in the multiplayer, singleplayer is essentially multiplayer with AI.Developer also fails to deleliver what they say; we were promsied features such as proper Eyefinity/Surround support and over a year later the game still doesn't work with these enabled.LIke I said though, the game itself is great, when you can find people to play with. Fast paced and a lot of fun, however I think the genre itself is dying, so it's not really the games fault. Graphics are great, TONS of settings you can tweak. A few minor problems such as the developer console only being available while in a match, minor things like that, but overall the gameplay is very fun.TL;DR - Fun game while it lived but no one plays it, would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,217140,11203843,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Sexy Hexy,"This game tried to capture the essence of the classical first person shooter. they missed the mark, its a little boring and the level design is mostly old style corridors and open 'kill box' areas. it IS quite pretty in a sort of over the top way. i have not finished it and maybe one day ill be in the mood for what this game offers but its not something i would advise you to buy. its not great at all."
76561198047739433,Not Recommended,217140,11211852,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Caboose,"Sadly, I can't recommend this game.It's extremely slow on my machine, works kind of unstable - it sometimes crashes.The game is fine, not bad graphical effects... but I don't enjoy it.For maybe 10 minutes I was happy that I can play once again in one of the most enjoyable shooter from the past. Then... well, I couldn't find this little something. I don't know, maybe it's just me.Because of poor performance even on good computers, multiplayer mode is kind of frustrating. Single player mode lacks the spark. Long story short - if you absolutely don't have anything else to do - you can give it a try. But if there is another title, I would recommend to leave RotT for some other time."
,Not Recommended,217140,11212946,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Protekt1,Not worth it.  Got boring as hell after the first few levels and no mp community to speak of as far as I could tell.  Really poorly optimized game chugs even when nothing is going on unless you drop settings.  My gtx 560 should handle this game on medium no problem but had sub 60fps on low.
76561198113596418,Not Recommended,217140,11225931,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rumble,"Bought this game based on nostalgic memories of the original.  I think my money would have been better spent on the original.  This new version is not very enjoyable, choppy frame rate even on low settings using 9800gtx and 3.4 ghz i7.  very difficult gameplay."
,Not Recommended,217140,11239565,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Codakon,"I was sooo looking forward to this as I was a big ROTT player back in the 90's. First impression? Things looked good... until I actually started playing. Randomly my character will just start moving backwards and to to the right. This just makes the game unplayable. Try shooting someone across the map when you have to constantly beat your keyboard in a perfect forward and to the left key combo to counteract the backwards and to the right movement of the character.Possible fixes? Well, after numerous game restarts, redownloading, starting over from the BEGINNING of the game, praying to dog (Those who used to play ROTT will get this reference), I have realized the fix, if any, is totally random as well. The last time I played I never could get it to not move backwards and I prefer to play games, not debug them. Especially if I paid for the game.Google turns nothing up on this specific bug, but it does turn up large amounts of lists of other bugs you will find in the game. Some I have experienced, but can live with. Others I have had the good fortune of not experiencing.One bug that others have experienced, and I have experienced, but doesn't ruin the game too much, is that aiming at an enemy I emptied who knows how many bullets into him and racked up some serious points before the npc died. Normally 5 to 10 bullets to the head will take an npc out. I think I emptied close to 100, but lost track after about 20, as headshots before the npc died. I seriously racked up points so I can't complaing too much can I?Anyway, most of the bugs/glitches I've experienced won't kill the game, except for the auto-moving character. Totally makes it unplayable. So Peeved that I bought the multi-pack to share with a couple of other friends that used to be ROTT players back in the day. It's times like this that I really wish Steam offered a money back guarantee. This is the second time in a year Steam has screwed me over on a game with no recourse on fixing the issue. Two games that are unplayable and just sit in my library taunting me."
76561198049477805,Not Recommended,217140,11222749,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,bitznbobs,"I bought this game last year as I was a fan of the original. I enjoyed this remake while it worked (although the game was rather laggy, even though my machine exceeds the recommended specs). However, after a couple of weeks the game wouldn't load any more and the developers haven't responded to support requests (via both their website and the steam forums). Interestingly, they have been responding to forum posts from people wondering whether or not to buy the game.If the game is on sale you may feel it's worth the risk, but I do recommend you check out the bug/performance reporting forum before you part with your cash. It seems a lot of people have been having problems with this game and I'm not the only one who's not had a response from the devs. I certainly wouldn't recommend you pay full price for this."
,Not Recommended,217140,9868985,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Wiimustdie2014,Graphics: 3/10Gameplay: 3/10Longevity: 6/10Originallity: 6/10Story: 2/10Overall: 4/10
76561197970689332,Not Recommended,217140,9919602,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,andrew_irvine,"This game is so bad it could almost be a spoof of 90s FPS games.  But no - developers worked on this and did a fairly terrible job all round, it looks nasty, frequently jags, play balance is wrong most of the time, has no appreciable plot/context/purpose, and worst of all, it's BORING.  If all you play are mindless shooters then by all means wait until this gets cheaper, otherwise don't bother."
76561197987339367,Not Recommended,217140,10313628,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,vertemFR42,"Old school means keyboard combinations in sequence, restarting endlessly to make it through, although quicksave makes it bearable. Up to a point though, I quit 1/3 of the way..."
,Not Recommended,217140,9438700,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,L3Gi0n4R,Avoid this game. Terribly outdated and poorly optimized game !!!I will get a epilepsy attack !!!
76561197988671653,Recommended,217140,27936177,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ChefGmoney,epic!
,Not Recommended,217140,8536324,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Blaidd Drwg,"The core shooter gameplay on display here is good fun, and in many ways a terrific homage to the frantic pace of 90s action games. The graphics are gorgeous, sound design is good, enemies are well designed, and weapons are a blast to use.It's a shame then that the game is so buggy that I cannot in good faith reccomend it. In fact, I abandoned it during the second boss fight after twice getting stuck in level geometry after the phase 2-3 change, experiencing about four crashes to desktop during reloads, and getting locked out of firing weapons after cutting out of a net. Several game-breaking bugs in the course of one boss fight is definitely past my limit. Performance is also dodgy - gorgeous, wide-open sections of the game that should crush my ""lowly"" HD 6970 + i7-2600k system run at a fluid 60 FPS, then looking at a flat-textured wall will bring it down to 25.While I'm griping, I'd be remiss to not point out that there's a LOT of first-person platforming here, and this game is hardly Mirror's Edge. It's finicky and unforgiving, which may be true to the 90s spirit but it's a trope first-person shooters have abandoned with very good reason. It didn't ruin the experience for me (at least not to the extent the frequent bugs and crashing did), but if you have a low tolerance for it, be warned."
76561197963837440,Not Recommended,217140,8561685,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,madmax42103,Horrible game even for $3....might have been ok 10 years ago...played orginal one 15 years ago and it was fun
,Not Recommended,217140,8544162,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mario Dan,"My computer (AMD) is between the minimum and recommended system requiriments, but the game's frame rate is very inconstant, great part of the time the frame rate drops from above 60 to below 20, inclusive on the lowest setings and minimum resolution. UPDATE (22/02/2014): Now i have a computer above of the recommended specs but there is still some framerate issuses (but no lower than 40 on Max Settings).This is a fast-paced shooter where you objetive is get mad and kill all you find as fast as possible, is not unplayable with these problems but is not enjoyable. If you are interested in this game, be sure you PC is on recomended setting or above of them, or you are going to have a bad time. However, there is some plataforming sections that are very annoyings and helps to break the flow of the game."
76561197993403592,Recommended,217140,7826523,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,turtsmcgurts,pls dont buy this
,Recommended,217140,14987732,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Vaalvehl3,gd
,Not Recommended,217140,15445716,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,LeireX,"OK, what do we got?- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI- guns that feel absolutely horrible and power-ups are more likely to kill you instead of the enemy- rendered with DX9 which causes horrendous framedrops, DX9... IN 2013!?- lets not talk about animations...- same music almost every ****ing level- controlls feel terrible, playing an online game while downloading porn with a 4mbits/s connection speed is probably more responsive- who's idea was it to put quickload on F6 instead of F9?- bad hitboxes- high running speed but the corridors are mostly 3 x 6 metres which makes it useless- annoying bugs and glitches and so on...The only thing I didn't absolutely hate were the graphics (excluding the animations).I hadn't tried the multiplayer because I couldn't find a match with other people on it."
,Not Recommended,217140,15483830,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Mortis,It's bad.
76561198056967285,Not Recommended,217140,13307856,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Japer83,This is a fair game.Not to say it is a bad game...nor really a good one.The price makes up for the flaws I suppose.Wouldn't buy unless on sale.say 10 or less.You can find better.
,Not Recommended,217140,13278106,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mackels,"I bought this game thinking it was going to be a remastered version of the original ROTT.. Guess again, This game is just a skin of what the game used to be, slapped together with the Unreal engine.  I was pretty disappointed to say the least.  It was my fault for not doing some research into the game prior to purchase.   If you want a generic fast paced shooter trying to pass itself off as something its not, then look no further."
76561197971604773,Not Recommended,217140,14631768,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Bexster,"This is just...bad.. no redeeming qualitys other than speed.. a dissapointment for the 3,74£ i paid.."
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,217140,11215381,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Smokey,when this game says (fast paced) then it means (you) move crazy fast!have played alot of unreal turnament back in the days and in this game you move fasterso think about that before you buyperformance/optimization was great i think i set all to ludacris and game runned very smoothso i have no complaints there and textures was also lets say fine :Pbut the particles/effects looks horrible im sorry to say but they really do!personally i cannot recommend this game since you move too fast after my taste+ enemies are still slow as ♥♥♥♥ so i dont see a reason why they did this since you can easy change how the jump plates works and change gravity/air speed/etc to balance the game in no timeps. sorry for this but i refuse to play a fps game where you feel that sonic is slow
76561197974984529,Not Recommended,217140,25162390,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,LigeiabeN,The movement sucks!The platforming sucks!The level design sucks!
76561198014832261,Not Recommended,217140,7992313,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tenevik,"If you are looking for some single player shooter. DO NOT buy this game. First of all, textures are very glitchy and i had to restart checkpoints cause of all the texture stucking.  Second, inbetween checkpoints you do have a quick save/loads BUT often when you are trying to quick load the game its crushing and you are loosing the saves. Third, AI is incredibly stupid, very often you can shoot enemies from afar and they will not even bother, not to mention that they will stuck into the textures too. Most of the Boss fights comes like this: ""I see the Boss, i start to fight the Boss, i am runing/dodging Bosses attacks. Boss stuck into the texture. I am shooting the Boss from the safe spot to the death. The End"". And now comes the final part that was killing me all the time. The developers wanted to bring back old school ""fast running hero"" game. Your character WILL be very fast and agile (despite that until the final chapters you can not dodge enemies bullets and all your fast running is a waste) and then the developers deside to implement into the game a ""MUST go through"" platforming challenges! Just think, YOU HAVE TO go through all the platforming with character that moves with the speed of a rocket! I can understand the appeal of a 3D platforming, what i can not understand is why the hell you want to try and jump on 2 cm platform builded 5 story height ladder with a Tazmanian devil?! The character is too fast and control unresponsive for such a challenges (BTW i took the most tanky and slow character). And for the ""Coup de grace"" when you are trying those challenges you will quickly realize that most of the jump platforms are bugged and not doing its job very well :DDO NOT buy this game at least until textures, platforming and AI will be fixed. Period."
76561198056133797,Not Recommended,217140,9538112,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Sethreal,"Do not let the screenshots fool you. They do not resemble the actual product. This game looks like a 2003 title, but plays much worse. The controls are terrible, it is not optimized graphically, and it is buggy in almost all other aspects.The auto-save system is utterly broken. No thought was given to auto-save intuitively, forcing players to rerun long stretches of levels due to traps or otherwise unavoidable instant deaths.The weapon system is terrible. You can only hold a single missile weapon with limited ammo at a time. Bullet weapons have unlimited ammo but feel and sound like air guns with reload animations that don't actually reload. Even Duke Nukem Forever did a better job with weapons, and that's a low bar.This is a title designed to get into your wallet via nostalgia. It is not even worth the $15 bargain-bin price. As much as I wanted this to work, I cannot in good conscience recommend it. This game has taught me a valuable lesson. Never pre-order, and never let them play on your nostalgia."
,Recommended,217140,10601080,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Luisfius,"Good shooty, very bad jumpy.Worth getting, but ♥♥♥♥ jumpy."
,Not Recommended,217140,10785543,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,danny_fiasco,"I have .4 hours on record, because the game simply does not run. IF it doesnt crash, it chops its way through 20-15 or 0 frames per second till you quit out of frustration. Specs are 8320@ 4.2ghz, 7950@ 1000 & 1250"
,Not Recommended,217140,10927667,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Albert Hall,"Horribly optimized.  Certain machines will run this at 8-10 FPS at most dropping down to 2-3 FPS. I have a med-high end rig and it runs terrible.Read the forums about the FPS problems before buying.The voice acting is the worst of any game I've played in 10 years.  The black guy's lines are all curse words. The girl sounds like a secretary reading lines.The physics are so bad that a guard rail can block a rocket. A chain link fence blocks grenades.If this was a Beta, there would be hope. But sadly this game absolutely ruins the legacy of the original ROTT.At least the original ROTT had a shareware so you could test your machine to see if it ran."
76561197984030719,Not Recommended,217140,23161976,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Widowbanger,Game is poorly optimized. LOTS of FPS platforming so prepare to rage a lot when the game lags the hell out of you. Trying to cross one area and you will fall to your death without realizing it when the game reloads.
76561197985950554,Not Recommended,217140,10743923,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheUnholyGhost,I justloveextended platforming sequences in Unreal powered games.
,Not Recommended,217140,8359886,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Monkey++,"I'm reviewing the single player here after a couple of hours of playtime. These are my initial impressions, which I seriously doubt will change in time. The takeaway: This is literally the worst gave I've played in a year or more. I swear on my life, a door farted when I tried to open it. I'm not making this up.The game is going for the classic feel, which I'm okay with, but instead feels clunky and unfinished. Enemies get stuck in things. Loading quicksaves seems to spontaneously respawn enemies and items. There are missing textures. The AI forgets to do things after loading. The music is, I'm not kidding here, as cheesy as it gets. The humor is as childish as it gets. The level design is incredibly predictable: the monster closets are visible from the moment you walk into a room, and you can sometimes see the enemies clip through the closet doors well before they trigger. There are guns that have infinite ammo and infinite clip, but still allow you to reload them (WHY?). There is an overabundance of one-time-use weapons, and a serious lack of health packs. The voice acting is very, very poor. Weapon zoom is painfully slow or instantaneous, for no reason that I can see. Yada yada yada. In general, it sucks. Even the menu screen suffers from obvious screen tearing issues with vsync off. Do not play unless you enjoy punishment."
,Not Recommended,217140,10165724,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Evil Entitled Gamer,"A buggy, unpolished mess. RotT has seen substantial improvement since its release day, but there are still a ton of glitches that really shouldn't be in a game that has been out in the wild for a year.Bugs galore: graphical anomalies, doors that don't open when they're supposed to, environmental traps that disappear after reloading a save, CTDs, audio lag, weapons not switching, graphical stuttering on anything higher than medium settings.The controls are sloppy; precision movement is a huge issue, and it's particularly unforgiveable in a game that demands a certain kind of finesse when it comes to navigating maps that are filled with jump pads and platforms. There are plenty of weapons to pick up, but there's no real variety in damage or results - for example, there are probably five different RPG-type guns, and they all perform similarly to each other. The AI is moronic -- half the time they stand in place, oblivious to your presence, and the other half of the time they get stuck in architecture, making them easy targets. Save points are sparse and spread apart far too widely, forcing you to redo huge chunks of the game (there is a manual save feature, but that was implemented only after player complaints). I could go on about everything else that is so wrong with RotT, but I think you get the point.RotT has multiplayer, but I can't imagine why anyone would be playing it at this point in time.The biggest sin in my eyes is the fact that RotT is just a boring experience -- no real variety in environments, cookie-cutter bad guys, bland graphics, uninspired weapons, cruddy voice acting and medicore music. Stay far away from this one."
,Not Recommended,217140,9260930,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Evilworm,Don't buy this. Apogee is giving away your real name and email to GamingGrids (probably not the only one). Great way to♥♥♥♥♥♥on your customers Apogee.
76561198046254179,Not Recommended,217140,8191688,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nirshie,"The crappiness is strong in this one.One hour to the game (v. 1.3) and I've encountered multiple technical as well as gameplay bugs. The game looks good, but I had forgotten how annoying can fps games with platforming elements be.Too bad, 'cause some things this game does very well. The graphics look nice, the voice acting is not particularly irritating, there's lots of things to shoot at and overall macho manlyness abound."
76561198279852606,Not Recommended,217140,26304461,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Guz,"--- Rise of the Triad ---Rise of the Triad is the reboot of the classic DOS fps with the same name, in short, ROTT. I loved the original game back in the nineties, both cuz it was s fun game, and, since it was a big technical leap forward from what everybody was used to at the time. Yes I'm thinking of you DOOM and you Wolfenstein 3D.Pros...- Nice graphics- Good controls- Good gunplay- It feels like a good ""modern version"" of ROTT. It felt like the developers stayed true to the original formula and kept the feeling. The mechanics are the same. Also, you select one of 5 characters before you start. The wacky weapons and humor (the little I managed to see from the game at least) is still there.- Nice music and sfxCons...- It's a real sloppy version. The game crashes all the time.I probably could look for patches/fan patches/hotfixes blah blah and I could probably try some stuff of my own to get it playable. But I have a big backlog of games. Also, I felt that this game was too uninspiring to bother. The few levels I got to play felt very much like a ROTT themed generic shooter at best.Final verdict....This version get 3/10 since it doesn't work satisfactory, but I probably would want to give it somewhere around 6.5/10 - if it was stable and playable. Buy @ your own risk."
,Not Recommended,217140,10850717,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,chantrell82,Is this remake truly a successor of the original? well for the most part...yes it is.Make no mistake about it if you didn't like the original you probably won't like the remake.I felt it was very polished.I don't recommend this game because I couldn't enjoy it from it's faults.The audio was glitchy and the overall movement was skipping framerates more than Max Headroom's digital stutter.I tried adjusting the resolution with very minor improvement...it was a waste of money on my end.
,Not Recommended,217140,13042462,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Edorian,"Broken as hell. Constant crashes, lots of visual glitches. Really disappointing. On my old PC it ran rather poorly (15fps) despite the settings being what they should be due to the game forcing MLAA (Options say you can turn it off, doesn't work). With a GTX 970 it runs ok at 70 frames on max settings but crashes to desktop every 15 minutes."
,Not Recommended,217140,11414359,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,FEED ME A STRAY CAT,"this sucks, play the original"
,Not Recommended,217140,10401337,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,thomas2,"0/10, launcher won't start, making game inaccesible"
,Not Recommended,217140,8234057,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DocM2K,"From what I can tell, this is a really cool update to the original ROTT, however it is not optimized as well as some modern shooters; it causes my PC to crash to blue screen, perhaps due to the high-speed nature of the gameplay, I'm not sure. In any case, it crashes a lot more often than better-looking games like Metro Last Light or Hard Reset. I think Apogee (or whoever) just kinda dropped the ball on this one."
76561197979509885,Not Recommended,217140,8348606,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Steppenwolf,Was actually quite fun until it turned into complete platforming garbage (E2L2).
,Not Recommended,217140,8259373,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CnEY?!,"What could be a loveletter/throwback to classic FPS gaming of yesteryear instead comes off as a flawed mess.While it sounds like the game is in better shape than it was originally, there are clearly a plethora of flaws in design and implementation.  Examples include:* Stuck-in-geometry bugs (supposedly this used to be worse, but I just made it happen easily in the first room of level 1-2)* Weapon switching bugs (my first time playing 1-1, weapon switching just stopped working entirely at one point)* The knife key (Q), which seems pointless except for the net trap (and then it's not obvious that it is the only way out of these traps, unlike the original ROTT - try searching the discussion section for ""net"" and see how many people were confused by this)* The belated introduction of quicksave/load, which in part seems to serve as a band-aid for some of the other issues, but also in part shows just how flawed the game is, given that traditional FPSes (such as the original ROTT...) operated entirely on a free save/load system* The advanced graphics options are tucked in the launcher outside the game itself for some reason (unlike pretty much any FPS I've played in the last 10 years), and some of them are inaccessible if you have Windows on a high DPI settingTo be fair, I appreciate some of the throwback references to the original ROTT, and I still want to think I can get some enjoyment out of this. I haven't yet tried the multiplayer which I have a feeling will either make or break the experience overall. It is very nice to see that unlike certain overrated big-name ""AAA"" FPS franchises, the devs of ROTT '13 have seen fit to add multiplayer maps for free in subsequent updates.But given the glaring flaws that have become evident within the first 30 minutes of gameplay, I can't justify paying much more than the $3 flash sale price for this game.  I'm glad I held out until then to buy it."
,Not Recommended,217140,9211395,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Simaka,Absolute Garbage. Fails in comparing to the original.
,Not Recommended,217140,8931884,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,OOPMan,"This game is highly over-priced compared to what you get, especially when you consider how fantastic the new Shadow Warrior  game turned out.This thing, on the other hand, feels like a very poor UT2004 mod. Yeah, that's right, it feels like a mod for a game made 10 years ago. And not a good mod either, just a half-arsed attempt to cash-in.Save your money and get Shadow Warrior instead."
,Not Recommended,217140,17111372,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Apparently Kid,"Don't be fooled by this turd masquerading as an old school shooter. I never played the old one, but hopefully it didn't suck this badly. I love old school games, like shadow warrior, doom, duke nukem,  but this seems to not know anything that makes old shooters good. Graphics are fine, there is no story, but that's normal in old shooters. The levels are big and long (insert d!ck joke) and the game is decent length. That's about where the good ends.Let's start with weapons. In old school shooters, you carry tons of varied guns. In this, you can carry 3 total weapons. pistols, which you won't even use most of the first level. A mp40, and a third special weapon. You have to hold pistols and machine gun, but only can carry one special weapon (??). Every time you pick one up you drop the other, meaning you need to blatantly waste the special weapon each time. Only the ones suck. There are like 5 total, meaning like 6 guns in the game. But almost all of the special are just grenade/rocket launcher shooters, which are only usually helpful on bosses and groups of guys. So there is only a shotgun to use on single guys, most of which you fight the entire game, meaning the special weapons are useless. So you can only carry 1 other gun, and its worthless. Yes this means you use the mp40, the exact same gun, for 90% of the game. No you don't get new machine guns to replace it. You use it the entire game, yup sounds fun huh? Then if that's not enough, instead of varied enemies, like in many old games, you fight a single enenmy the entire game. You fight an asian guy in a yellow costume, a black costume, with armor sometimes, and that's it. They use the same character model and just give it different uniforms, that's it. So you play level to level fighting the same 1 guy with the same one weapons......yeah now you'll know why I was bored after an hour. Nobody wants to be doing the exact same thing from level 1 to level 15. There is a melee button but the hitbox is terrible and you will miss people looking right at them, so it's worthless too.Sometimes levels have basic puzzles. There are a few levels that change things up, and use traps and what not, and that's a fun change of pace. Then the game tries platforming, which is maybe the single worst thing in the game. It's hard to move, and then once you press forward, and hold for more than .1 second, you go flying forward and are unable to stop your momentum. This means landing on single little platforms even just when jumping is impossible because you can never judge where you will land and you either land before or way after. I dreaded platform segments because it is the worst I have ever seen in a first person platformer, good thing they use it a lot right (*facepalm*)The enemy AI sucks. They stand there and let you shoot them, or just continually roll side to side, or shoot you through walls where you can't see them from across the level. The dying animations are just them standing up with unconvincing red stuff that looks nothing like blood and showing up in the air, then they suddenly fall down. It is the same every time. They don't react to bullets and there seems to be no physics. Then there is the saving. Game has quicksave and checkpoint. For the first time ever in a game, if you get to a checkpoint, and then quicksave later on, quit the game, and ""resume game"" later, it won't take you to the furthest quicksave, it will actually take you back to the checkpoint, nice programming guys. You can quickload from the further back checkpoint to load further. How dumb. Then if you die you can't press quickload to go back to the quicksave. You have to wait for the game to load up the death menu and you have to click the button to quickload. Another first. Why would I not want to use quickload during my death/menu. That's 2/3 the reason it was invented.The final straw is boss fights. The game PROHIBITS you from quicksaving during any boss fight or during platforming sections, the two most poorly done and frustrating segments in the game, go figure. Oh but they ALSO don't give you checkpoints during boss fights. This means when most bosses have multiple stages and insta-death abilities, you lose 3-5 min of progress from 1 hit or so. There is one boss where his attack will auto track and kill you. You must hide during each of his attacks. Then you get a second to pop out and hit him, but he flys around so you can't hit him well, then when he stops moving he instantly starts shooting, so you have to hide before he stops. This means you get like 1-2 seconds of shooting before you have to run and hide and wait out his 10 seconds of shooting. Sometimes the game glitches and he can shoot you through the walls. So after doing barely any damage and killing him, the game doesn't give you health, and suddenly he has a new form. You drop down into a new area, and he still has instant kill ability. So I die, and lose all that progres. In one try it instantly forced me off the ledge but he was already shooting, meaning I couldn't get to cover or do anything to keep from dying. So the game made me die, and since I couldn't save between forms, I have to spend 5 min getting back to the form only to insta-die again and repeat. Oh also there is multiplayer but it’s already completely dead.An old-school shooter is known for having a large arsenal of carry-able varied weapons, fighting varied guys, and fun boss fights. This has you use a single gun the entire game against a single foe, and not be able to save because it say's you can't when you need to, and has some of the worst boss fights ever. The terrible platforming just adds insult to injury. Avoid it like Ebola. 3.5/10."
76561198053587166,Not Recommended,217140,11245288,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Thundermeow,"this game ♥♥♥♥ing lags. i dont know why. its playable but its just ♥♥♥♥ing annoys me from time to time. i can play other games smoothly, but for some reason this game just stutters"
76561198028465736,Not Recommended,217140,11644240,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,KarolineDianne,"Horrible controls, some of which cannot be changed (Such as forcing Always-Run to be on at all times), frequent lag and stuttering on a high-end PC, annoying gameplay, lackluster level design, and generally unpleasant in every way.Coming from someone who loves oldschool shooters, such as Doom, Quake, Hexen, Heretic, Unreal, etc, this game is atrocious, and is not worth your money even on sale.0/10, would not recommend."
76561197971509519,Not Recommended,217140,12238721,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Kmandr,"While the retro-style direct action promise of this Rise of the Triad re-make seems fun at first, the game shows that it's shallow gameplay and unimaginative levels and enemies get boring really quickly. Multiplayer does not eliviate this as the gameplay is waaay to fast and imprecise to get any serious fun out of it. Plus there's hardly anyone there to play it with."
,Not Recommended,217140,17069011,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MrCombatGiraffe,disliked the game alot.
76561198047198710,Not Recommended,217140,11205517,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,۞PReTo۞,"This game has severe performance issues and looks like they aren't patching it anymore, unless your computer is so uber that it can overcome the bad engine of this game, I recommend you to stay away."
,Not Recommended,217140,11206122,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Sharza,"Rise of the Triad is the re-imagination of an old shooter that - back then - used to convince with its unique mechanics and ludicrous weapons.I ended up being disappointed with this because when it first came out it was extremely poorly optimized, had a stupid checkpoint system and overall just wasn't as much fun to play as I'd hoped for. I never got around to finish it and probably never will. If you want a good re-imagination of an old-school shooter go play Shadow Warrior or Wolfenstein: The New Order. Those are doing it right."
,Not Recommended,217140,11208153,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Gorgiesgonewild,"Would I recommend this game to ANYONE? No. Not even maybe, or if someone paid me. I have enjoyed some of the current remakes of games such as Shadow Warrior that stick the original ""feel,"" while others are created with the hopes that gamers will enjoy a different experience, but this remake simply was not fun to play. I could take my time to write out why, but this game is not even worth that amount of effort. I purchased it on sale for something like 5 or 10 bucks, and I would have rather given that money to a complete stranger. I am actually upset I spent the time to download it, install it, and try to play it.At no point did I find myself having fun, reliving any original ideas/world/characters, and I never found myself wanting to play more. This remake, along with Duke 4 ever, belong in the ""thou that shalt not be named"" part of gaming history. :("
,Not Recommended,217140,11280943,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Dr. Bathtub,This game runs like hammered♥♥♥♥♥♥ And i say this as a fan of the original.
,Not Recommended,217140,12003935,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,TalkieToaster79,"I really liked the 1994 original, this remake looks good but the AI is terrible. I really thought that this would be a great remake of a classic game but I was wrong. Too bad..."
76561197971863175,Not Recommended,217140,9774627,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,salami_tsunami,"I couldn't play this for more than ten minutes. I thought I loved games like this. The Shadow Warrior reboot was so good. This is closer to walking in on your friend's parents 69ing. You want to enjoy it but it's too damn old. And the controls are touchy as hell. Maybe my fault for trying to use a controller. Still talking about old sex.Applies to the game as well though.I will probably never play it again and it will bring great shame to my steam account, forever."
,Not Recommended,217140,11001325,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,King ღ,"If you're expecting something akin to Serious Sam, Hard reset or Duke Nukem don't buy this. It's terrible ."
,Recommended,217140,9202548,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Nakey,"jesus christ, just like the original it sucks just as hard. when i say this i mean the original was just as unforgiviging in the save department as this game.to sum up i hate the original just as much as this. i will finish this game, i hate you."
76561198031339883,Not Recommended,217140,13628819,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,gsturge,Nothing at all like the original. Kinda clunky.
,Not Recommended,217140,35168869,Posted: 23 September,all,boog,really not a great game. not very fun and the shooting is pretty lame.
76561198028721484,Not Recommended,217140,8315910,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kiwi,"Pass, the problem with nostalgia is that some things died for a reason. First person platforming with speed like the doom marine and the inability to see your feet makes this game far too frustratingly bad to recommend."
,Not Recommended,217140,8975609,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,arcticmi,Меня чуть не стошнило. Я как будто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а навернул.
76561198036852692,Not Recommended,217140,8979600,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,GameGrizzly,Poor port. Doesn't play well and crashes often. Game tries to keep the old school feel without making things fresh. The first weapon you get after your pistols has unlimited ammo and makes everything simple. Spend your money on Shadow Warrior instead.
,Not Recommended,217140,7759387,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,that's what she said,"Some people say it's oldschool. But it's not. It is just obsolete by design. It's tasteless amateurish remake of oldschool without understanding what makes good remakes.Play Doom2 instead - you'll find more advanced AI and better level design.Play Quake1 instead - you'll find more creative weapons and better multiplayer maps.Yeap, flying coins. Somehow devs managed to break the game's bones in the process of facelifting, so it plays worse than original. And it looks like♥♥♥♥♥too (and runs as good as it looks).I might seem a bit harsh to a game that calles itself 'oldschool' and adds quicksave button half a year after release in a patch, but it really deserves some punching. Yeap, because we do remember and love original ROTT. Other than that - you can get a some decent fun then and there, but don't expect the second coming. Some things are better left to rott."
,Not Recommended,217140,31981869,Posted: 26 May,all,Azoquo,"Honestly, I bought it because a friend of mine kept raving of how good this game is. it's good. When it runs. no matter what this game runs horribly. I litterally tried to play this on my friends gaming pc. which can run the newest games with no problem, But it can barely run this game. I suggest looking for some mod support to atleast make it run better. if you're gonna play it."
76561198076487302,Not Recommended,217140,31842418,Posted: 19 May,all,StingBull,"""Where the ♥♥♥♥ do I go"" kind of game."
76561198014068081,Not Recommended,217140,12763123,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,B.I.E.R. ChiliConCarnage,"My first impression of describing this game was this: It's like Serious Sam with less enemies (that look like boring evil soldiers) and 5 or 6 bazooka like explosion weapons. However there are more weapons, but nothing special to me (well, the dog mode was funny)My savegame was gone after i reinstalled my computer and i thought about playing RotT again.I decided not to play this arcade fps remake of developer apogee because it was never really exciting to me. There are jump & dodge skill based areas, that really annoyed me to bounce on platforms and evade fake looking fire balls that fly very straight on a line.The music and some the voices of the protagonists were so annoying that i had to turn it off i... .It was  still cheap, hilarious bloody fun for 1 or 2 euros for an hour, but thats it.To sum it up:If it is on sale for 1 or 2 dollars/euro etc. you can buy it otherwise go play Serious Sam or Shadow Warrior if you like oldshool arcade shooters. (Points 6/10)"
76561198072349333,Not Recommended,217140,9497960,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,hualahn,"What a bad game. bad Graphics bad Gameplay and not even Controlleoptimized. Impossible to aim, and dont tell me have to play with K/M. I wanna play how i want and if it says Controller support it should be playable .Not even worth a Cent. Go play Shadow Warrior instead or other great FPSs."
,Not Recommended,217140,7744767,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Tronicus,"I got this whilst on offer, and I'm gald I did cos its buggy as hell!Kept on crashing for no apparent reason (seem's to be a graphics issue) and most annoyingly: can load you into a saved game where you have died!Massive ball ache when I first launhed the game: it wouldn't launch! Then had to search forums and found out you needed to download the latest version of .NET Framework! why the launcher couldn't have prompted me that this is why it wouldn't launch is beyond me!The multiplyer is non existent. Went to look for servers and there were 2 empty ones and a private one with 2/8 players; both on which appeared to be on the moon! oh dear!The demand on graphics is HUGE! if you haven't got the latest generation of graphics cards, then put the settings to medium or try high and knock things like water detail, reflections, dynamic shadows, dynamic lighting and the such to low. Which for a game based on the unreal engine (which my system has managed its latest carnations in the past) is quite disappointing.As far as the gameplay goes: totally embodies the spirit of the original ROTT, but if you want to relive ROTT, why not just fire up DOSBOX and dig out your old copy of ROTT, I do.Conclusion: If you're a Die-Hard fan of ROTT: you will be disappointed. Keep your money. Otherwise, if you fancy a go: wait till its on offer."
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,217140,10750854,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hyperlynx,"Don't waste your time and money.If you liked the original game, go grab it athttp://store.steampowered.com/app/238050/and then a windows port of the game (WinROTT or GlROTT, athttp://www.riseofthetriad.dk/index.php)instead.I still play Doom, so I'm supposed to be the target demographic for this. I just found it frustrating. Checkpoints have no place in a PC game, the levels are often nonlinear in layout but always have linear progression, often with absolutely no indication of what is expected of you.Sometimes you have to kill all enemies to advance, sometimes you do not (the game doesn't tell you this). Sometimes you can open doors, sometimes you can't until you've done something else first, sometimes not at all. All these doors look identical. Sometimes you get stuck on level geometry, then have to revert back to your last checkpoint and do the whole damn thing over again through no fault of your own.The soundtrack covers the original, but is hit-and-miss. The metal cover of ""Goin' Down the Fast Way"" is excellent, but the new version of ""Havana Smooth"" has lost all its smoothness and Cuban-ness.This game isn't even fun with cheats on. It's that bad."
,Not Recommended,217140,10757954,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dogma21,"Rise of the triad 2013Where do I begin? Well this is a remake and like most remakes it turns to utter *#$% for one the games way to short and I mean WAY TOOO SHORT!!!Enemies are plain stupid the Ai bugs up a ton, and the bosses are pretty goodfor the most part aside from the NME being 12x easier. Level design is pretty nice just the ammount isn't so great... Secret levels are rather pointless as there's no enemys to fight at all. Games got it's glitches still... such as sprites getting mixed up where enforcers are overpatrols....Music is mainly a loss however you do have the classic songs (thank the lords!)I dont reccomend this even to die hard fans... unless it's for sale dont even bother with it..."
,Not Recommended,217140,10927255,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dead Baby Jokes,I see what they are trying to do. It isn't working. This game looks and plays like crap. Unless it is on sale and you have some major nastalgia about the old ROTT game you would do best to avoid this one.
,Not Recommended,217140,22712782,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,AnvilMAn,"this game was fun up until bouncy castle, ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ jumping puzzles not worth the frustration"
76561197962834751,Not Recommended,217140,8905812,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Cheeto,"Broken, miserable, glitchy, unplayable, a sad sack of ruined nostalgia.  I feel like Apogee needs to refund the people who purchased it.  Want me to keep going?"
,Not Recommended,217140,11224880,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Awake,"A small review with Awake.Rise of the Triad is the ""spiritual succesor"" of Wolfenstein, suppostly to be called ""Wolfenstein 2: Rise of the triad"" (acording to the in-game messages) i'm pretty sure what ID sofware and bethesda said when Apogee asked them, which is something like ""NO ♥♥♥♥ING WAY, GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF HERE"" which any sane human being would say. This game is an utter, absolute CRAP, a total waste of 3 dollars on 80% discount and a game that attempts to be funny and FAIL AT IT. Game supose to be a fun version of old arcade fps where you get to kill everything in front you, dismembering it in hilarious ways while they scream things in a bad english or another lenguage ""infidel!"" While full of glitches the game it's a total dissapoinment for any fans, the story it's very poor and the graphics are less than poor, this game does not deserve any amount of money, not even to be used as a gift, because you probably lose a friend for it, anyway the review only show one side of the game, the technical, on the other side game can be a bit fun at the moments for about 20 minutes or so, personally i do not recommend this game. OH and i almost forgot, enemies have perfect pixel eye accuracy, which means they are gonna shoot you and kill you rapidly, on any difficulty they will shoot straight to your face even if they are dying, they won't hesitate or miss any shoot, making this game hard to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,217140,11219898,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Cuc Nugget,"This game's sense of humor is so unfunny that I just stopped playing the game, the gameplay is ok...gets boring after 15 minutes though, the multiplayer is pretty much dead, I've only seen a max of 12 people playing this game, thats all the servers combined. Only buy this if it goes on sale. Or you buy something more enjoyable, like a McDouble, or a cup of coffee. The joy will last longer."
,Not Recommended,217140,11203636,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,perihelion,This game is as amusing as finding crabs in your underwear...
,Not Recommended,217140,11380566,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Suricruise,"Was not what I was hoping it would be. Loved the original game, but this game is BAD! It's clunky and not very well developed. Save your money! Unless it's on sale for 5 bucks, and then it's worth playing for nostalgia."
,Not Recommended,217140,11210981,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Ricky,You can chew a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and have more fun with this.
76561197961315113,Not Recommended,217140,9733808,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Iskai,Don't buy this for the campaign. The AI spots you from miles away and is super accurate from any range. Not very fun to play and the graphics look very dated.
76561197977069906,Not Recommended,217140,15755453,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,Cool retro shooter ruined by annoying boss fights.
76561197998391741,Not Recommended,217140,13001647,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Throwback
76561198012983494,Not Recommended,217140,13308962,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,tapanister,"Terrible no skill game, I hated it. I thought the mutliplayer could be fun but no, it's all rockets and not a single skill weapon. Boring to death."
,Not Recommended,217140,8622337,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Lustikurre,"Gibbing soldiers with several types of rocket launchers is fun for a while. However the bad level design combined with several bugs (low fps, getting stuck in every pixel of terrain etc) is really annoying. It seems this game was rushed and should have stayed in development for a few months more.All the bugs and the bad level design (compared to the original) is enough for me to not reccomend this game.I however bought it for 2.5€ or something and that's about what this broken game is worth.Conclusion: Good, but broken action."
,Not Recommended,217140,9186411,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jack Grimsly,"For the first two levels the game is good, a nice throw back to the old retro classics. on level 3 though they start expecting you to plat form and your character handles lick a autistic child in roller sketes on ice, I was PLUGEAD by FPS problems, random crashes, and a whole host of other problems that made me hate this game. ♥♥♥♥ the studio that made this god aweful turd of a game."
76561197985245272,Not Recommended,217140,8689541,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,MetalKA,"what a deception, i was a great fan of the original, but this remake has no appeal. Ugly graphics, stupid AI, jumping all around the place... maybe it's just me, but it don't remind me the good old original"
,Not Recommended,217140,12355570,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Cellprocessing,This game has no optimization for AMD CPU's and runs like crap.  As much fun the game is I would never recommend this for a AMD user. I have sent mail to interceptor about this have not heard back and based on the forums they don't seem to give a crap.AMD users you have been warned.
76561198133126406,Not Recommended,217140,23464890,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,dandandan,Going through the levels can be somewhat fun. But the absolutely atrocious voice acting and the utter lack of polish in just about everything is something u should definitely consider when buying this.
76561198074111270,Not Recommended,217140,32820337,Posted: 26 June,all,Boocheus,I get what they were trying to do.. but im sorry. This is old school in every bad way as well as good way.E2L2 was the worst idea your team ever had. Shame.
,Not Recommended,217140,25527225,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Manest,This game is awesome!.....If you like a game that crashes and buggs out so that you can't fire your weapon every 5 mins. :)
76561197971117075,Recommended,217140,22636392,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,"Erection of the Three,Shoot arena shoot die kills bouncy Gibs crazy.Yep and they progressively optimise the content to smooth the engine unlike many others."
76561197999454772,Not Recommended,217140,7874670,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BAD SHOT,"Horrible if your in the United states. Nobody ever plays Multiplayer. Its a bunch of Promises, no delivery. Im sad to say I even paid $14.00 for the game."
,Not Recommended,217140,17255394,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Taskmaster,"As a Quake and a Doom fan, this game was terrible. This felt like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Duke Nukem. Im not even kidding you. The Voice acting was trash. The gimmicks included in this game were bad. Holy crap! this whole game is bad. Reading others reviews about how good this game is. Take the game out of your♥♥♥♥♥ This game sucked! And this coming from someone who has played quake for over 18 years. So... Yea... Game is terrible."
,Not Recommended,217140,11209624,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Indigo,ok so i got sum bad nwes 4 uget redy 4 dis is bad news n u mite b hurt b disdis gam is probly gudokstik wit me 4 her is nwes dast is da it ist newsit runes rely juts not gud runs solw 4 fps 4 secundslik a fate gyu wit no leggs n molases n hse cold bcuz hes an iceni got n achevment 4 usin a mod but i not ues a mod???????did u evan tset ur gam? is dis evn on ue3 or si it udk idots?3 buks 2 muksif i cud pley♥♥♥♥♥b difrant storee
,Not Recommended,217140,10252675,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Wildt,"Single player review only.I didn't play the original ROTT, and unfortunately I didn't pay too much attention to the reviewers commenting on the platform jumping. It's REALLY unbearable.I had my expectations set on something on par with the excellent ""Shadow Warrior"" remake, but this is leagues below on all accounts.Poor graphics, awful voice acting and annoying music along with tedious gameplay served by buggy code. Within 30 minutes playtime I had experienced weapons not firing, and doors not opening until a savegame was reloaded.I usually make an effort to finish my games, but this is just so unenjoyable that I'm uninstalling after a couple of hours.40%"
,Not Recommended,217140,8419531,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,purfumy_funk,No bueno at all
,Not Recommended,217140,9016354,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Whopper King Steve,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that was over-hyped at launch and now no one plays it.
76561197993848840,Not Recommended,217140,9095505,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rachsmo,Bleh.
,Not Recommended,217140,12716031,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Orma,No co-op.♥♥♥♥♥♥enemies
,Not Recommended,217140,12341283,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,I don't know what they did to the Unreal engine but this game plays like♥♥♥♥♥on a stick. Worst $11.24 I've ever spent.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,217140,12270182,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"The remake of the original Apogee's Rise of the Triad game.I never enjoyed the original actually, and this game isn't any better, just better graphics.Was entertaining at first but got repetitive and boring shortly after.3/10"
,Not Recommended,217140,26469228,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mama,I thought i was paying 16.99 for an  fps action shooter.... I DIDN'T WANT TO PAY 16.99 FOR A ♥♥♥♥N PLATFORMER AND A PARKOUR JUMPER WITH BROKEN MECHANICS. If i wanted that i would have gone and played every other game out there right now.
,Not Recommended,217140,11202438,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Yaboi Nick Bolt.gg,Bubba no like. You cant drop the soap.
,Not Recommended,217140,12675932,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Suicide Critic,"Pure shovelware.  This game plays like a giant middle-finger to the audience.  This is the least enjoyable FPS that I have purchased in years.   The original ROTT was better, and it's going on 20 years old, which says a lot about the quality of this title."
76561197983405694,Not Recommended,217140,8143143,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MinusNothing,Bad graphics.Repetitive gameplay.Unimaginative level design.Small variety of weapons.
,Not Recommended,217140,11209487,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,darklordjames,"Gamepad support is incredibly poor. The primary issue is the lack of any sort of aim assist. That's fine and even desired in mouse and keyboard play, but with a gamepad it is nigh impossible to hit enemies without a bit of light aim assist.Do not purchase if your intention is to play in the living room with your trusty 360 gamepad."
,Not Recommended,217140,25557277,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,"New game, Old gameplay. Was fun till it started crashing. (4/10)"
,Not Recommended,217140,22975862,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,White Kamikaze,"Man, this game is terrible. I played the original way back in the days, and loved it more than Doom. It was a parody on all those serious shooters, and still was a great FPS in itself, But this game? This game is a parody of a parody. Which pretty much translates into 'abscence of creativity'. And the action itself? Why would you make controller support available, if there is no auto-aiming and it's broken? Why would you make Unreal Engine 3 look like crap while it still eats up a lot of system resources? These are all signs of a bad developer who does not care. These guys does not care."
76561198028575628,Not Recommended,217140,25542982,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Silverthorn,Rise of the Disappointment
,Not Recommended,217140,29728244,Posted: 5 February,all,bog except spooky,"the game is such an ugly, buggy, broken, badly programmed, unoptimised piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198093363183,Not Recommended,217140,26449103,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Smackm0nk3y,"Played for about 20 minutes and was just not enjoying the game.  Music is cheesy, graphics are ok, voice acting is terrible.  The only thing I did like was how fast paced the game is, but its not enough to keep me playing."
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,217140,13074995,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Westenra,"Short version: Awful.Long version: On my spectrum of crappy shooters it's worse than Command & Conquer: Renegade and slightly better than Serious Sam 3.Technical: Only one save, occasionally crashes and frequently changes the difficulty level without permission. Horrendous bouts of lag. E4M2 respawns every enemy in the map when you quickload. It took me 45 minutes to get out of the starting hallway. Not even joking.  3/10Graphics: Passable, but so is a kidney stone.AI: Endless waves of generic looking Not-Nazis, robots and sorcerers. Human enemies frequently rush you then glitch backwards ten feet. Since they blend seemlessly with the brownish environment you won't know who's shooting at you most of the time. 0/10Weapons: You move faster while using ironsights. Think about that. Also: What's with all the rocket launcher variations? I only need ONE to get the job done. That's why it's a rocket launcher. Bullet weapons have unlimited ammo and never need to be reloaded. Yet, pressing R *initiates a reload animation*. 0/10Items: You can turn into a dog and bite guys in the nuts, because it was in the original. Other ""power-ups"" reverse your controls and turn you into a pinball, or make everything psychadelic. 3/10Level Design: You find keys. You open doors. You shoot bad guys. Traps weren't cool in 1995 and they make even less sense in 2014. 0/10Story: You are part of a spec-ops team sent to infiltrate a make-believe island off the coast of Los Angeles that has been appropriated by a mysterious terrorist cult for nefarious purposes. In other words, there is no story. 0/10Humor: ""Oh, I get it, you only THINK you're John Woo."" 0/10Characters: You get to pick from four caricatures who fart frequently and utter ridiculous ""catch-phrases"" during gameplay. How this pays homage to the original is anyone's guess. Each player has individual strengths, ranging from running faster, to running A LOT faster. Seriously, that's it. Since the default movement speed is already ludicrous, this was a cryptic design decision. 0/10Music: You can pick between the original remastered tracks or modern heavy-metal renditions of said tracks, and they both sound awesome. 10/10Gameplay: This is a game that is trying to be ""old-school"". Unfortunately, it's not old, it was made in 2012, so it just comes off as ""bad-school"". It's energy is a 10. Had the developers showed some restraint and cranked it back to 7, they could have had a fun, modestly-paced Return to Castle Wolfenstein clone. Instead, the character speed is so fast and the mouse sensitivity so amped it's hard to hit even basic enemies. This also makes it almost impossible to make precision jumps, which is poison considering most of the secrets and puzzles involve moving platforms and jump pads. 3/10Replayability: The final boss is so tedious I actually opted to nuke L.A. and get the ""bad"" ending just so I wouldn't have to fight him. Lastly: Every time you die-- and you will die often, cheaply-- the mission-briefing guy tells you how much you suck. Who is this person? How does he know what I'm doing? And why should I care what he thinks? 0/10Overall: This game is so bad it made me want to cut myself. There is so little substance beyond endless gore and depravity that I actually sympathized with politicians who try to ban violent video games. The reason modern shooters tend to include regenerating health, cover systems and checkpoints isn't because gaming is dumbing down, it's because those things WORK."
,Not Recommended,217140,31929434,Posted: 23 May,all,NinjamaX,mp dead feels like serious sam in a simplistic way.
,Not Recommended,217140,382773,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Hai! Friend!,"This game is craptacular, dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,217140,28927015,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
76561198026855660,Recommended,217140,23647399,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,OneFortyFour,Good
76561198082523590,Not Recommended,217140,7868214,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Araujo2013_BR,Single player campaign: Don´t waste your money and time playing this title. It is a terrible arcade-like FPS. Try different titles but this one.
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,217140,31688987,Posted: 11 May,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Wasted an hour of my life on this.
,Not Recommended,217140,2153268,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Vermilion Wlad,It's so bad.
,Not Recommended,217140,30826409,Posted: 29 March,all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"I buy the game. The pub/dev puts the game on some lameass steam wanna be gamin site ive never used. I start getting emails from said gamin site telling me my account from some game on that site is flagged for some violation and issues me threats.... I go to steam forums tell the dev what kind of ♥♥♥♥up site hese just joined us all to. Uninstall the game, and never seriously consitered it again."
,Not Recommended,217140,25487679,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Wasson_G,"*one long fart sound effect*Geeze, this sure Stinks guys."
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,217140,30821059,Posted: 29 March,all,Vividnightmare,Nope.
76561197969835235,Not Recommended,217140,23542941,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Reaper,Dont buy - many other better substitutes.Even on sale still dont
76561197970749812,Not Recommended,217140,22998424,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,.:BJG:.,Rise of the tryhards.
,Not Recommended,217140,32497833,Posted: 17 June,all,ZUJOO,YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥DESIGN LEVEL WASTE OF MY TIME UR WELCOME
76561198002427324,Not Recommended,217140,23738323,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kimo,Lots of other gamesAre far much betterGo buy something else
,Not Recommended,217140,23669387,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Christ,Don't
76561197970812999,Recommended,217140,464354,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,=MoG=,Definitely has the spirit of the original and brings back a lot of memories of what shooters used to be about. It obviouslly still needs some tweaking but this is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥for fans of the arena deathmatch and oldskool SP too :)
,Recommended,217140,407853,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Unzen,"Meh. Ok, it's cheap - that's a big plus point. But for 2013, it's a serverely lacking FPS. Yes, there's some nostalgia value to it, but compared to the Serious Sam titles, they have done nothing to evolve and 'progress' the game from the original title.The enemies are plain dumb. In fact they have had all sense of self-preservation removed and simply stand there - waiting to be shot. Counter to that, they have the aimbot ability from Hell. Can two square pixels of your shoulder be seen through three windows and a door that's slightly ajar? If so, the enemy AI will start firing at you.Then there's the headshotting - or rather lack of it. 6 or more pistol shots to the head before they drop? A red blodge instead being mapped over their face? And the bizarre situation of limbs flying in a jet-spray of blood after being hit by what appears to be nothing more than a glorified MP40.Good, for a very short time only. 4.5/10"
,Recommended,217140,378387,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Dr.Eugenics,"Disappointing. A buggy, poorly executed game, avoid"
,Recommended,217140,3157186,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Jibnome,best shooter i have ever played
,Recommended,217140,1944649,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,MSoles7,"It's bringing back the hardcore FPS that we all know & love.Crazy weapons, ludicrous gibs (more so than the classic version), even crazier power ups and bizzare traps.A must have for everyone that's getting tired of the COD formula and wanted a change of pace."
76561198095067058,Recommended,217140,7235878,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,crosskiller,Love how they brought the old school♥♥♥♥♥♥back to life looks amazing  and it stil has the feel oh the hard as ♥♥♥♥ old school game so sar = )
,Recommended,217140,3152799,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,CyborgJester,A classic shooter reborn!!!! One of the greatest games remade and RELEASED bu the opriginal gaming company APOGEE
76561197967422479,Recommended,217140,8390629,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,turbo,Just Like The Good Old Days ! Mind Blowing Where Games Started From And Where they Have Gone !
76561197974297074,Recommended,217140,651496,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Hillary Rodham Clinton,"Quick-paced and gorey, this is a great successor to the original."
76561197975842307,Recommended,217140,8283800,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,RadioKaos,"This game makes me want to throw my laptop out the window, in a good way.  When you get Chapter 2 ""The Room""....you will age 10 years and develope tumors.  That is all...."
,Recommended,217140,2449292,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Kalte Ente,Most awesome game ever. Awesome graphics. Rocket-Jumps. Gibs. Awesome Soundtrack. More gibs. Lots of uber-weapons. This is definitely the most awesome game ever made in modern game history.
,Recommended,217140,3033493,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Bat'ka UNREAL,Brings in times when you rocketjumping to school
76561197978313973,Recommended,217140,786328,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,nearscape,"Wow.  Who knew there was a whole game company full of people who loved this obscure, insane classic even more than me?  I didn't think such a faithful recreation of 20 year old FPS mechanics was possible, but this game delivers the goods!"
76561198093688875,Recommended,217140,7220320,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Sniper.50cal,Awesome they brought back this game....8.5 outa 10
,Recommended,217140,2317046,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,TheVarian,Pretty much this game is what retro game turned modern should be.Improvements:-Various types of rocket jumping-Bloodier gibs-More guns-Easter eggs-Online Multiplayer-Better Visuals-Non 90 degrees walls limitation
76561197985502086,Recommended,217140,1056702,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Zapher,APOGEE IS BACK BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,217140,790278,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,DEX,Ahhh.. This brings back memmories. Dont expect much gameplay. IT is however a good flash back to better days with wanton gore. Gibs and all. Worth the $15 buck if not for a few laughs
,Recommended,217140,1126129,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,@ioswitch @TeamParia #PariaBlues,That's how a classic reboot is done. Dat Smith.
,Recommended,217140,2262130,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Astronaut Status,Meh
,Recommended,217140,1329431,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Magic Polygon,It's a classic shooter where you don't regenerate health and you move really fast. And more than half of the weapons make enemies explode into pieces. Need I say more?
76561198045411214,Recommended,217140,5131513,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Mongoose,"If you wanted a rocket launcher with a rocket launcher attached to it that fires rocker launchers at people who also fire rockets from rocket launchers at you, this is your game."
,Recommended,217140,441410,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"By far the most fun I've had with a shooter in a long while. This game is pure old-school, done a lot more faithfully than other games that try and go this route. Its got everything: rediculous and hectic shooter play, levels packed full of collectables and secret areas, a multitude of jokes and references, and its genuinely hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ even on lower difficulties. I hope this is a sign of more to come, Apogee and Interceptor did a great job here evoking the style and play of classic shooters."
76561197985959265,Recommended,217140,1074358,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Radical One,"If you liked the original, you'll like it too!"
,Recommended,217140,7559194,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Adorkable Duo,"AWWW yeah... just like old school ROTT.Stupidly awesome gory speed killfest.Be wary of possible performance issues. I managed to get it working smoothly without a single hiccup, but that's because I'm a google ninja, and hunt for tweaks all the time, even for old games. So, look for a few tweaks, and get it on!"
,Recommended,217140,1713315,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,fleet1984,"the new rise of the triad is good for speed runners and rocket jumpers, neither of which im all that good at"
,Recommended,217140,6650526,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,[NSI]Baron von Napalm,"Over the top old-school action. What's not to like?Plus, it's like $15."
76561198013716222,Recommended,217140,2861014,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Strigoil,"Brings back the nostalgia of having 56k internet, you can't connect to anything and if you do enjoy your lag.Have to give props to the developers for really bringing back the feeling of playing old buggy games. 10/10"
,Recommended,217140,2634239,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,blaze30k,dumb old school shooter fun. occasionally cheap but never too unfair.
,Recommended,217140,4307788,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"An old DOS classic returns with a new look while still retaining the charm, weapons and other things that the original version had.Get ready for some truly ludicrous action that will leave you with your adrenaline pumping as you run through corridors packed with heavily armed guards, devious traps and much more that is just waiting to end your little life on the spot.Of course, you also get some over the top weapons that will leave the rooms and corridors covered in the blood and guts of your fallen foes, including the firebomb, drunken missile launcher and much MUCH more.So what are you waiting for?The Triad isn't going to take itself down, you know, and the world needs a hero or two to step up for this challenge."
76561197978505533,Recommended,217140,8300432,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aryin [DR],"This remake brought me instantly back to 1994 - I have vivid memories of the days ( and nights ) me and my friends sat locked to our screens playing through ROTT singleplayer, and then had a go at each other in multiplayer. Those days, with Apogee and ID setting the standards for what good games and playability is sadly over, but lives on in our memories, especially when remakes like this sees the light of day :)Highly recommended for the people that played the original ROTT, and recommended for everyone else as well :)"
,Recommended,217140,17357882,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,}FTW{ BAT_BOSS GM,"i am liking it. classic doom/quake style. only problem is when you run 80mph; i am going way to fast to look for the 11 secrets on the first map. the jokes they put in the maps get old quick though. funny at first with stupid pics and masturbation jokes (mastersice, masturbate yourself thin books layin around) , but the ran out of gags after the first couple lvls."
,Recommended,217140,17471177,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Linguine,"I can't really seem to get into this game, but I still like it."
,Recommended,217140,18037373,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sio,"This game is ludicrous and great. But the multiplayer's pretty dead right now, which is neither ludicrous nor great."
,Not Recommended,217140,17760064,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Les,"This is my review for this remake of the old game rise of the triadI might be a little harsh on this game but I havent got all the way through yet so i do not know if this gets better.Pro'sGore is pretty good but whats that♥♥♥♥♥♥with eyeballs after i blow somebody up and just see their eyes are still in their head well thats a little bit nit picky.Character variationIts cool they have different characters with variations of race, gender.ect.Con'sCan't carry all weaponsI understand this might be part of the original game I have not played the original thoughStoryThe story is as basic as it gets you are a team of well trained marines go stop some cultEnemiesThe first enemies you encounter look like ♥♥♥♥ing nazis and are so stupid i shoot their gun out of their hand and they beg for their life just for them to play dead and when i acidently step on them they just steal my rocket launcher or something and just roll away across the other side of the room and shoot me with it >:(Jesus christ their voice acting is just terrible you shoot them once they just have a groan like they are constipated on the ♥♥♥♥ing toilet.weaponsMost of the weapons look fine but i have a small grudge with the mp40 when you look at it floating it has its mag underneath it when you pick it up you have a double clip on the side of the weapon why not just have it like that on the view model when its on the ground????when i shoot someone i feel like i am pokeing them with a stick they do not have a reaction besides slumping over and dieing.Overall i only say play this if you liked the original otherwise you will probably have a bad time with it."
76561197962602902,Recommended,217140,125521,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Kalamer,"OMG this is so cool I remember when I was younger me and my brothers would lan ROTT with my dad, cant wait to play it!"
,Not Recommended,217140,17604142,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,mancoon,"Poorly thought out maps, poor engine optimization and bugs everywhere. It seems that this game is made by drunk or inexperienced devs.Yes I get the nostalgia etc but this is simply not fun. Most of the time you can't carry more than 3 weapon types and all are boring as hell. For example there are 4+ types of rocket launcers, all basically the same except for the weapon's textures. The multiplayer aspect is practically non-existant, at least I wasn't able to find a server with more than 2 or 3 players.If you want a good FPS experience try Serious Sam, Black Mesa or the original Painkiller."
76561197970513955,Recommended,217140,419854,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Ian Paul Freeley,now
76561197971173668,Recommended,217140,499046,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,SUBzero,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197982927121,Not Recommended,217140,17650035,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,School in Summa Time,"May pick up the original because I've heard so many good things about it. But everytime I try to play this version no matter how many times I try to mess with the settings, it feels like I'm going to have a seizure. Not sure if it's my graphics (which I highly doubt) but the game feels like an arcade machine (a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arcade machine). Also constantly squinting at the screen because of how rediculously quick your character moves, turns, shoots, etc. Reminded me a little bit of Painkiller, wish the gameplay was as smooth which might have made me post a positive review but after 3 missions which resulted in a killer headache I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,217140,18120991,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SX,"This is a good one. I love the old-school shooters and this is a shining example that a young team can produce a really good game when they love what they are doing.This game has bugs and rough around the edges. You can see that the dev team was problably not very experienced. But they surely loved this project and the player can live with the bugs because the overall gameplay and fun-factor is high. If you look around, you can find small easter eggs and funny items in every level.The difficulty is kind of high but it's bearable. Back in the days this difficulty was perfectly normal. :) Although some bugs helped me kill the bosses and I was glad for those glitches. :)All in all: if you like hard, gory and fun games, don't miss this one!"
,Not Recommended,217140,363906,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Øtaku,Super disappointed in this game. do not buy this flaming turd
,Recommended,217140,7048933,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Blasphemian,Very fun and cool game.
76561197975965624,Recommended,217140,13826960,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,kichi_kaze,Blowing your enemies apart whilst having a good laugh with the witty dialogue I just love it. I hope Apogee ports the classic to Win7. Would like to play that one again too
,Recommended,217140,13749897,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,=LG= Devil,Original classic properly updated and improved.  Odd combination of old graphics and new graphics on a new engine.  It works very well.  Gameplay is reminiscent of the original Wolfenstein or Duke Nukem.  Rise of the Triad is definitely not for people looking for a new game but one that takes you back to the beginning of the FPS genre.   It's just sad to see this game never evolve into something original.  This was the CoD clone of it's day.  It was just a generic combination version of other games that doesn't really give it an identity to call it's own.  It's still a good game but nothing worth writing home about.  Such has been the story of Rise of the Triad for its entire life.  In some ways it excels in it's own mediocrity because here we are 30 years later still talking about how solid of a mediocre game it is.
76561198094868399,Recommended,217140,13838942,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Canadian Immigrant,"Is it a good game? Yes. Is it worth $15? No. This is a fun game but it is way overpriced, my advice is to wait until it is on sale than get it because it is a fun game to have and can play for hours."
76561198071776383,Recommended,217140,13859730,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,GHOST,"Do you like old school FPS that follow the old style then your in for a fight to the death this is the game for you. I still Rember my dad buying Rott of the triad dark war in 1995 the cd version and i took the fps genere to a new level if you played the old one your going like the remake with all the old weapons like the dark staff, drunk missle, heat seeker, Excalibat, firebomb, split missle and the new shotgun the boomstick. Who remembers BUY A 486! =) and the sound track is awesome"
,Recommended,217140,14053637,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,lostfile,i can turn into a dog  and maul people and do some othere odd stuff to
,Recommended,217140,9716777,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Tauren[E.T.C.],Rise of the Triad!!! Yeah...Old School games forever!!!
76561198072902489,Recommended,217140,15013329,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lol defently not that dude,YES!
76561198022825533,Recommended,217140,19659590,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,ricblaze,"Cool game, but quite buggy. The soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,217140,7870038,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Konkeror101,"Oh yeah so much old school in this gameFast paced, cool power-ups a ton of secrets to findIts a great bast to play online.If you played the rise of the triad before you own it to yourself!"
,Recommended,217140,8345106,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,stronzo,"Great fun if you like the older style of shooter. Sadly it has a limited online population, generally only one server with <10 players.As long as you can find people in MP it's worth buying in my opinion."
,Recommended,217140,547517,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,ZeroShift,"Rocket Launchers, Dog Mode, and Text to Speech for multiplayer. GOTY."
76561197970364291,Recommended,217140,7715495,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,The Rog,"Fun, fun, fun!!  8o)"
,Recommended,217140,1011504,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,gr8stalin's mustache!,"The good:- The single player is fun as all hell. Throwback to Doom/Quake 1, 2, 4/Hexen/DN3D/pick your favorite kill-em-all poison.- NO RELOADING- NO SPRINTING BECAUSE YOU ALREADY ARE FAST- Lots of secrets- Looks great- When enemies die, they ♥♥♥♥ing DIE. LUDICROUS GIBS- You will be close to the gut rippin' berserker packin' man and a half you are in DOOM in accordance with the amount of people and objects you can ♥♥♥♥ up with explosives and bullets- SOMEONE FINALLY PUT GOD MODE AS A POWERUP IN A GAME MADE PAST 2007 OH MY GELDThe Bad:- Achievement every five steps or something. I got 10 in maybe 10 minutes of playing.- Aren't enough enemies on screen- The Triad who steals your rocket launcher is easy to find and kill and is never effective with whatever RL he steals- It's just your pistols, the MP40, and the rocket launchers. No other weapons to speak of except the magic stick- Filled with internet jokes and references of varying quality- Muh trading cardsThe Ugly:- Multiplayer blew it. Called it would play out like Nexuiz or Hawken and unfortunately my call was right.- 6 different types of rocket launchers isn't fun or balanced. Not even the damage they do or the AoE or the heat-seeking missile, but EVERYONE ♥♥♥♥ing has one and your screen goes full red every time you're hit with even splash.- Ludicrous gibs belong in single player, not in multiplayer. Having all that jelly on my screen when playing against actual people isn't cool.- Completely unoptimized. For the specs needed for the game and the settings provided- Filled with internet jokes and references of varying quality. It gets really obnoxious after a while when an EPIC MEEMAY pops up on your screen in big bold letters above your crosshair while you're fighting6.5/10Wait for a sale for it to drop to maybe $10 or something if you're really on the fence after reading this. This would be worth $15 if the optimization was done ahead of time and if the multiplayer didn't trip all over itself ala Nexuiz and Hawken. The balance of multiplayer is totally my opinion after struggling to get into a quick game and you might have a differing opinion/experience.Cue Large commenting ""something something muh six bazinga oy vey my sheckels something something"""
,Recommended,217140,8258790,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Petey,Takes me back to the DOS days.  Thanks for making this apogee.
,Recommended,217140,3770077,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,meoweo,Great shooter
,Recommended,217140,655146,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,zellogs,"Awesome throwback to the original, insane move speed, lots of rockets, good level design, dog powerup, play this."
,Recommended,217140,259298,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Murderlol,"Rise of the Triad is a remake of a classic FPS that features fast (ludicrous?) action, a bunch of rocket launchers, jump pads, insane bosses, tons of enemies and some of the weirdest level design out there. The graphics are simply ""ok"" although I will say it's hard to see enemies in the distance sometimes and it's annoying that enemies basically just have random accuracy no matter the distance and will sometimes just land a bunch of shots from so far away you can't see them. Once you learn the levels a bit though it's not as big of a deal. I also played this on a much ♥♥♥♥♥ier computer so that may have contributed.This game has had a plethora of problems since launch including poor optimization leading to horrible frame rate drops, crashes, broken multiplayer that's so fast and has such overpowered weapons that it's nearly impossible to play, a very small multiplayer community that only really plays at a certain time 1 day per week, and more.That being said, Interceptor has done a fantastic job since the game's launch patching most of the issues this game had, fixing optimization, adding new levels, adding a new gun that the community was allowed to name, and much more all for free. The devs have been very in touch with the game's community and it's refreshing to see, so I hope to see more from Interceptor in the future."
76561198068602755,Not Recommended,217140,14412732,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ol Saint Nick,"Decent remake. Experienced a lot of glitches, however."
,Not Recommended,217140,8410450,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ledpup,Awful
76561197970739339,Recommended,217140,21392010,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"Rise of the Triad is a remake of the off-beat 1994 Apogee FPS of the same name. ROTT's history reads like a ""True Hollywood Story"" of game development, with origins as a sequel to Wolfenstein 3D, and reusing of elements that were cut from the final version of the first Doom, itself originally conceived as a fantasy RPG. You play as one of five members of HUNT, black-shirted, trash-talking secret agents, against the forces of the Triad: a gaggle of demon-worshiping nazi lookalikes with a penchant for leaving rocket launchers lying around- to their detriment and your amusement. They've taken over an island off the coast of Los Angeles and have nukes or something. That's about the extent of the premise. Thankfully, ROTT isn't the sort of game, or even the sort of FPS, that needs a plot.We seem to be experiencing a resurgence of the old-school FPS, what with the amazing Wolfenstein: The New Order (which, I might add, has an excellent plot) and the forthcoming, long-awaited Doom 4. If Quake 5 isn't announced relatively soon, I'm going to be profoundly disappointed. With that in mind, this version of ROTT is about as old-school as you could possibly get. There is no regenerating health, no cover, no map, and no voice in your ear telling you what to do and where to go (not that I ever minded maps and mission control). You sprint at top speed all the time, enemies come at you from all sides and there are big, garish collectible coins and health pickups scattered about. There are a large number of jumping puzzles as well, thanks to ROTT's trademark floating platforms and jump pads, a holdover from the original game's engine limitations preventing things like solid bridges from being made. Pounding buttrock accompanies almost every level, enemies explode into ludicrous clouds of red mist and gibs, and the game even tracks your score and percentage of level completion. Your arsenal is limited, but potent: you can carry two pistols, a submachine gun, a special melee weapon and one launcher, of which there are many: regular rockets, ones that explode in a cross-shaped napalm spread, double rockets, horizontal fire waves that travel forward along the ground, seeking missiles and even a rotary automatic minirocket gun are all to be found, as well as the Doomstick: a triple-barreled, pump-action shotgun with alternate explosive fire. If you pick up a new launcher you drop the one you were holding and can return for it later, if you haven't passed any points of no return. The game is split up into distinct levels with checkpoints, across five episodes, each culminating in an explosive, shoot-at-it-until-it-dies boss fight, just like the good old days.Except not everything about the old days was good. In its anal-retentive effort to mimic the early 90s style of FPS, it also retains the elements that annoyed me about those games. Some of the levels can be a bit maze-like, though not to the extent of Doom, and mission-critical switches and levers can often blend into the background. It's also relentlessly difficult, even on normal: Enemies hit hard and health pickups aren't as plentiful as they could be, and if you take more then one or two bad hits from a boss, you might as well reload your quicksave. There's also the dead horse of color-coded keys and doors, and some of the secret areas are so inane that you'd have better luck nocliping to find them. Many of them all but require you to rocket jump to get them as well, and while I wouldn't call that a drawback per se, shooting yourself in the foot with one of this game's launchers is really not a good idea. The game also has a few glaring technical problems: The lighting is either oppresively dark or so bright as to hurt my eyes, and the game is subject to semifrequent crashes, typically on loading a quicksave.There's a multiplayer mode I haven't tried, but I would hope it's a faithful recreation of the sort of deathmatch play you'd find in Doom or the first ROTT.If you grew up playing these sorts of games then ROTT will be a rare treat for you in this day and age, but less hardcore players may want to pass this one up, and I mean that in the nicest way possible: ROTT is not for the casual shooter fan, and it was never intended to be."
,Recommended,217140,973666,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Phoenix Wright,This is one hell of a game.
76561197970435290,Recommended,217140,7530021,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,t33baum,awesome!
,Recommended,217140,21191541,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,THE VIOLATOR,classic old school shoot. has some issues getting stuck in certain places but is fun if you want to burn some time
76561198024340430,Recommended,217140,21333988,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,CAW GIVE ME BREAD,"Cons: You jump with physics as if you were on the moon. That's fine for run n gun games, and it feels like quake. However when you add precise jumping puzzles into the mix it can impede your progress for sometimes hours in my experience.Pros: Everything else"
,Recommended,217140,21311370,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,MasterBeef,DIE NAZI B******S THAT AREN'T ACTUAL NAZIS!!!
,Recommended,217140,944131,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Jag Of Troy,"If your into the Duke Nukem 3D/Doom/Wolfenstein era, then this game is a perfect throwback."
76561198113820030,Recommended,217140,21585060,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,The Bargain Bin Hobo,"You ready to blow the shnikes out of a whole ton of bad guys? No? Well if you prefer a mamby pamby jaunt through a flowery field, this game ain't up your alley. But if you like shooters, and are okay at the sight of gibs, lay down the money for this one, it's worth the full price.  Now, you CAN turn off the gibs (when enemies explode into blood and guts for you noobs) but in my opinion that lessens the experiance, but different strokes, different folks.The music in this game is awesome.  It's a perfect blend of techno and rock and roll, and it gets me PUMPED to play it everytime I Hear it.I said in my last review the characters are only cosmetically different, but I was mistaken.  Thanks to fellow Steamer Gijz for the correction.  The characters do play differently from each other.  For example, Doug can take te most hits before dying.  Meanwhile, Lorelei is the fastest but packs the weakest punch out of all five characters.  Play with all five to see who fits you best.The game also has cheats, but if you don't like those, you can ignore them.  The game has plenty of charm and is lighthearted despite its violent nature.  There's not quite as wide an array of guns as other shooters, but the loadout is nice.  Quality over Quantity.One minor gripe I Have is the commentary can get a bit dull after a while.  I lost count of how many times I've heard Lorelei say ""I do bad things to bad dudes!"" When I picked up a rocket launcher.  I could just play with another charcter but that would mean starting over, so I think I'll put up with it.  It's not even a major issue, just a minor gripe that I don't hate enough to deal with.The controls are tight and responsive, but the game can suffer from a choppy framerate, and have a fair bit of slowdown.  There is a way to fix it, but it invovles editing a game file.  IF you are not versed in that, I suggest getting help.Despite my gripes, the game is worthy of the following it has and all the praise it's gotten and will continue to get.  IF you're a fan of shooters, you need to add this to your collection.  As stated before, it's worth the full price tag, but if you can get it on sale, so much the better."
76561197994831601,Recommended,217140,1566279,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Slapdaddy,<3
76561198097321873,Recommended,217140,7560817,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Dominicannibis,"If you were to make Mario a First person shooter, Replace Bowser with a cult leader, and throw rocket launchers everywhere, the end result would probably resemble this game. I ♥♥♥♥ing love it."
76561198026093662,Recommended,217140,3688537,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,enemesis,A blast from the past returns in HD.
,Recommended,217140,4965936,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,TurboNerd,It's sort of like a Quake sequel directed by Michael Bay.
76561198044140048,Not Recommended,217140,29471605,Posted: 24 January,all,=(e)= Spat856,Better than the original Rise of the Triad but lacks polish.
76561198005951536,Not Recommended,217140,2337854,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Dr_Zaius,"PROS:- Old-school.- Graphics are good.- Weapons are fun and creative.- Music is cool.CONS:- Dull bosses.- Feels (in the way you interact with everything) like a 90s game.- Some really bad voice acting.- Poorly optimized.- Multiplayer could have been great, but has no player base.All in all, I don't recommend it."
,Recommended,217140,11228704,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Rage,"Hopefully the four pack works this time, eh GabeN? It's a fun romp of a game.EDIT: Four pack is ungiftable in my territory ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,217140,28516099,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lotica,"I've gone back on this game, time and time again, and every time I go back to it, I'm always conflicted. On the one hand, I love the old-school feel, the guns feel nice, the action is fast-paced, the gore is hilarious, and that soundtrack is awesome. On the other hand, the level design ranges from decent to frustrating and not fun, there's still glitches to this day (I was a beta tester, and believe me, there was a lot more before the patches), and sadly, the multiplayer is dead despite efforts to keep it alive.I still like the game, but it's not as great as I remember. If you're into old-school shooters, this is your game. If not, then you're better off looking at something else."
,Recommended,217140,533273,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Max Payne,Für das Geld bekommt man einen Umfangreichen Shooter der Altenschule mit Forderden Singelplayer der nicht in 6 std duch gespielt ist und einen Multiplayer part der von der geschwindichkeit sich nicht hinter Quake verstecken braucht.
